Trikkatiri is a town in Kerala state, India.
History
As per the legend, once a lady working on the field, being tired and disappointed, sat on a rock where the Temple stands today and started to sharpen their sickle on the rock. While sharpening the sickle, drops of blood began to ooze from the rock. Frightened, the called for the help and started running with fear. When people gathered, they saw an idol of god standing on the rock. It was an idol of three faces representing Lord Vishnu, Lord Brahma and Lord Shiva. Later a temple was built on this rock. This is the only temple of its kind having three gods in the same Sree Kovil. Jaya bhali and Shiva rathri are the important festivals being celebrated here.
Temples
Thrikkattiri temple originally belonged to Trikatiri Nair veed at Trikatiri. As the story further goes, once a very old brahmin came to visit Trikateri Nair Veed Mooppil Nair (the senior most person in the family). After the lunch they were engaged in discussing various places travelled by the bramhin during their pilgrimage. As the discussion progressed, the brahmin expressed an interest in buying the Moonummorthy temple. The Mooppil Nair laughed at their proposition and challenged him. They told the brahmin that if they can give 1000 gold coins immediately it can be given. The brahmin took their walking stick, opened the lid at one end, and emptied the gold coins kept hidden inside. The Mooppil Nair has to stand by their word and they have to hand over the temple to the brahmin. That is how the ownership of Moonnumoorthy temple was transferred to Moothrigkot Mana, one of the oldest and wealthy bramhin family of Kerala.
Legends
Another story is that, one hungry Brahmin came to the temple hoping to have prasadm and lunch. Just before having their food, they asked to whom the temple belonged, When they heard that the owners were the Family of Nair Veedu, the Brahmin got up without eating, telling that he, being a Brahman, cannot eat from a temple owned by any Nair family. When the moopil air (the senior most member of the family ) heard it, they immediately rushed to meet the Brahmin to persuade them not to leave without food. To ensure that they met the condition of the Brahmin, the tharavad karanavar on the spot gifted the temple to the nearest Brahmin family, the moothringode mana, the temple by taking an oath in front of the temple lamp. The brahmin was pleased and left after eating their lunch. That's how the ownership was changed to the moothringode mana.
Puthur Madam
The lofty roof of the large house, seen at the righthand corner in the above picture of the temple, is Puthur Madham. "Ms Kunhanujathi Nethiar avarkal" is the senior most noble lady of that house of many illustrious members. Nairs in Kerala follow the matrilineal system where the senior most lady wields equal authority in all family matters and holds most family lands. Kunjanujathi Nethiar Avarkal remained a prominent devotee of the temple throughout their life.
Transportation
This town connects to other parts of India through Palakkad city. National Highway No.544 connects to Coimbatore and Bangalore. Other parts of Kerala are accessed through National Highway No.66 going through Thrissur. Calicut International Airport, Cochin International Airport and Coimbatore Airport are the nearest airports. Shoranur Junction railway station is the nearest major railway station.
References
Cities and towns in Palakkad district
Eduardo Usabiaga y Ocharán (1891–1973) was a Cuban diplomat.
Career
After high school they moved to the United States, where they learned English and French and devoted themselves to their business.
On June 17, 1925 they joined the Foreign Service.
From 1925 to 1928 they were Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of Cuba in Santiago de Chile.
From 1928 to 1930 they were Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary in Prague with concurrent accreditation in Warsaw, Bucharest and Belgrade in the Kingdom of Serbs Croats and Slovenes.
In 1931 they were Under Secretary of State in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Cuba).
In 1932 they were Chief of Protocol in Havana.
From 1933 to 1935 they were Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary in Paris.
References
1891 births
1973 deaths
Ambassadors of Cuba to Chile
Ambassadors of Cuba to Czechoslovakia
Ambassadors of Cuba to France
Ambassadors of Cuba to Poland
Ambassadors of Cuba to Yugoslavia
Ambassadors of Cuba to Romania
Cuban expatriates in the United States
People's Square is a large public square in the Huangpu District of Shanghai. It is south of Nanjing Road (West) and north of Huaihai Road (East).
People's Square is the site of Shanghai's municipal government headquarters building and the standard reference point for measurement of distance of almost all highways in the Shanghai municipality is set in the north of the square, near the fountain.
History
Prior to 1949 and the establishment of the People's Republic of China, what is now People's Square was a course for horse racing owned by the Shanghai Race Club. Gambling and horse racing ceased during World War II and was not permitted to re-commence by the Republic of China government after the war. After the Chinese Civil War, the new Communist government continued the ban and, when the club ran into financial difficulties, took over the grounds and a part of the race course became People's Square, which included a large avenue and spectator stands for use during parades.
In the 1990s, major changes were made to the square. The Shanghai Municipal Government was moved here from the former HSBC Building on the Bund, also the Shanghai Museum was moved here from its previous site in a former office building. More recent additions include the Shanghai Grand Theatre and the Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Hall.
Other parts of the race course still remain. The clubhouse buildings became the Shanghai Art Museum, while part of the race track became People's Park, a public park.
Landmarks
Well-known landmarks and tourist attractions surrounding the square include:
Grand Cinema
K11, formerly known as the Hong Kong New World Tower
Municipal government headquarters
Nanjing Road
Park Hotel Shanghai (the tallest building in Asia, 1934–1952)
People's Park
Radisson Blu Hotel Shanghai New World
Raffles City Shanghai
Shanghai Grand Theatre
Shanghai Museum
Shanghai Art Museum
Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center
Shimao International Plaza
Tomorrow Square
Madame Tussauds Shanghai
The Shanghai Museum is in a prominent central position in the square, with large fountains immediately to the north.
Transportation
The Shanghai Metro's People's Square Subway Station is an interchange among the subway's Line 1, Line 2, and Line 8. Several bus stops also ring the north and south sides of the square.
See also
People's Park
References
External links
Apr. 2007 Sept. 2007 Oct. 2007 Jan. 2008 YouTube videos
Squares in Shanghai
Tourist attractions in Shanghai
Huangpu District, Shanghai
Local transport bodies are partnerships of local authorities in England outside Greater London. There are 38 local transport bodies. They cover similar areas to local enterprise partnerships, but are not permitted to overlap each other. Decision making for major transport infrastructure spending is devolved to these bodies from the Department for Transport. They will receive funding from April 2015.
Membership
Membership of local transport bodies include non-metropolitan local transport authorities (county councils and unitary authorities) or combined authorities and integrated transport authorities which cover metropolitan areas. Local enterprise partnerships are also members of local transport bodies.
List of local transport bodies
NORTH WEST
Cumbria Local Transport Body
Transport for Lancashire
Liverpool City Region Local Transport Body (LCRCA)
Greater Manchester Local Transport Body (GMCA)
Cheshire and Warrington Local Transport Body
Without Halton.
NORTH EAST
North East Local Transport Body (NECA and NTCA)
Tees Valley Local Transport Body (TVCA)
YORKSHIRE AND THE HUMBER
North Yorkshire Local Transport Body
Without York, Stockton-on-Tees (part), Middlesbrough and Redcar and Cleveland.
West Yorkshire and York Local Transport Body
West Yorkshire and York, in North Yorkshire, and eventually Barnsley, in South Yorkshire, and Craven, Harrogate and Selby, in North Yorkshire.
Sheffield City Region Local Transport Body
South Yorkshire, and eventually Bassetlaw, in Nottinghamshire, and Bolsover, Chesterfield and North East Derbyshire, in Derbyshire, without Derbyshire Dales.
Humber Local Transport Body
East Riding of Yorkshire, Kingston upon Hull, North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire.
WEST MIDLANDS
The Marches Local Transport Body
Salop and Herefordshire.
Stoke-on-Trent & Staffordshire Local Transport Body
Black Country Strategic Transport Board
Wolverhampton, Walsall, Dudley and Sandwell, in West Midlands.
Greater Birmingham & Solihull Local Transport Board
Birmingham and Solihull, in West Midlands, and eventually East Staffordshire, Cannock Chase, Lichfield and Tamworth, in Staffordshire,and Wyre Forest, Bromsgrove and Redditch, in Worcestershire.
Coventry & Warwickshire Local Transport Body
Worcestershire Local Transport Body
EAST MIDLANDS
D2N2 Local Transport Board
Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire.
D2N2: Derby+Derbyshire+Nottingham+Nottinghamshire.
Leicester and Leicestershire Transport Board
Lincolnshire Strategic Transport Board
Without / Eventually North Lincolnshire and North East Lincolnshire.
Northamptonshire Local Transport Body
SOUTH WEST
Gloucestershire Local Transport Board
Without South Gloucestershire.
Swindon and Wiltshire Local Transport Body
West of England Local Transport Body (WECA)
Avon or Bristol City Region.
With North Somerset.
Dorset Local Transport Body
Heart of the South West Local Transport Board
Devon and Somerset, without North Somerset and Bath and North East Somerset.
Cornwall and Isles of Scilly Local Transport Board
SOUTH EAST
Oxfordshire Local Transport Board
Buckinghamshire Local Transport Body
Without Milton Keynes.
Berkshire Local Transport Body
Enterprise M3 Local Transport Body
New Forest, Test Valley, Winchester, East Hampshire, Basingstoke and Deane, Hart and Rushmoor, in Hampshire,and Waverley, Guildford, Woking, Surrey Heath, Runnymede, Spelthorne and Elmbridge, in Surrey.
M3 Corridor (Hampshire and Surrey).
Solent Local Transport Body
Isle of Wight, and Southampton, Eastleigh, Fareham, Gosport, Portsmouth and Havant, in Hampshire.
Coast to Capital Local Transport Body
Mole Valley, Epsom and Ewell, Reigate and Banstead, and Tandridge, in Surrey; West Sussex; Brighton and Hove, in East Sussex,and eventually Croydon, in Greater London, and Lewes, in East Sussex.
EAST ENGLAND
Greater Cambridge and Greater Peterborough Local Transport Body
Rutland and Cambridgeshire, and eventually King's Lynn and West Norfolk, in Norfolk, Forest Heath and St Edmundsbury, in Suffolk,Uttlesford, in Essex, and North Hertfordshire, in Hertfordshire.
Norfolk and Suffolk Local Transport Body
South East Midlands Local Transport Board
Bedfordshire and Milton Keynes, in Buckinghamshire, and eventually Aylesbury Vale, in Buckinghamshire, Cherwell, in Oxfordshire,and South Northamptonshire, Northampton, Daventry, Kettering and Corby, in Northamptonshire.
Hertfordshire Local Transport Body
SOUTH EAST & EAST ENGLAND
South East Local Transport Board
East Sussex, Kent and Essex, without Brighton and Hove.
LONDON
None
References
Transport in England
Local government in England
Ninive may refer to:
Nineveh, an ancient Assyrian city in Iraq
Ninive, a village in Herrnhut municipality, Germany
The 1935 Giro di Lombardia was the 31st edition of the race. It was held on October 20, 1935, with contestants riding a total route of 238 km. It was won by the Italian Enrico Mollo, reached the finish line with the time of 7h22 ' 16 "at an average of 32.288 km/h, preceding the countrymen Aldo Bini and Gino Bartali.
64 cyclists took off from Milan and 32 of them completed the race.
Development
Mollo won this edition of the Giro of Lombardy culminating a solo escape originated in the first ascent of the day-mount Guello (km. 40). Bartali passed very close to them by the top but decided to wait for their companions thinking about the Italian championship, which was also decided in this test. This circumstance favored Mollo which by Grantola had more than eight minutes. A sufficient advantage to win the competition despite suffering in the last ascent to Brinzio.
General classification
Final general classification
References
External links
Web oficial de la carrera ((in Italian))
El Sitio de Ciclismo
Resultados a Les-Sports.info
1935 in road cycling
Giro di Lombardia
1935 in Italian sport
The following is a list of NCAA Division I baseball career and single-season home run leaders.
Career home run leaders
Single-season home run leaders
See also
List of college baseball awards
List of Major League Baseball career home run leaders
References
Baseball records
Career home run leaders
collegiate home runs
Pavel Solomirsky (; 1801–1861) was a business magnate in the Russian Empire, the member of the wealthy Turchaninov family, which originated from a Turk prisoner Philip Turchaninov.
Biography
Solomirsky was born as the result of the extramarital affair between Natalya Koltovskaya (née Turchaninova), a daughter of Alexei Turchaninov, and the diplomat Dmitry Tatishchev. A rumour circulated that Pavel's father was Paul I himself, because the Emperor favoured Natalya. There were some similarities in Pavel Solomirsky's and the Emperor's appearance, but no documents support this version. As Natalya' children Pavel and Vladimir were born outside of marriage, the custom dictated that they could not inherit the family name of their father Dmitry Tatishchev. They were called "Solomirsky" instead, the family name of Tatishchev's ancestors.
Pavel Solomirsky served as Polkovnik in the Imperial Guard, retired with the rank of Major General. At the end of their military career they occupied themselves with the family business—running the factories from the Sysert Mining District, which they inherited from their mother. They were extremely profitable at that time. Pavel Solomirsky inherited the Polevskoy Copper Smelting Plant, Seversky Pipe Plant and Sysertsky Plant. They proved themselves a proactive and capable business person, increasing the family wealth. New plants were opened in the Sysert Mining District, e.g. they commissioned new blast furnaces for the Sysertsky Plant in 1847 and in 1859, opened the Ilyinsky Plant in 1854 and so on.
Personal life
On July 1, 1835 Pavel Solomirsky married a lady-in-waiting Yekaterina Bulgakova (1811—1880), the oldest daughter of the Moscow post director Alexander Bulgakov. They were a renowned beauty.
They had children:
Olga Solomirskaya (1837–1888), married name Kroneberg.
Dmitry (1838–1923)
Yekaterina (1839–1858), married to the vice admiral Leonid Ukhtomsky.
Lev (1841–1879)
Mariya (?)
Aleksandra
Anna, married family name Peninskaya.
Natalya (1847–1893), married the governor Andrey Vsevolozhsky.
Alexander (1852–?)
References
1801 births
1861 deaths
19th-century businesspeople of the Russian Empire
Nobility from the Russian Empire
19th-century military personnel of the Russian Empire
Imperial Russian Army personnel
Biu is a town and a Local Government Area (LGA) in southern Borno State of Nigeria. The town is the administrative center of the LGA and was once the capital of the Biu kingdom, and is now capital of the Biu Emirate. Biu lies on the Biu Plateau at an average elevation of 626 meters.
The region is semi-arid.
History
The name of Biu was initially called Viu which in Babur and Bura Language means high.
The Biu kingdom became established around 1670 in the reign of Mari Watila Tampta. King Mari Watirwa (r. 1793–1838), whose capital was near Biu at Kogu, defeated Fulani invaders from the Gombe Emirate to the west. In 1878 Mari Biya, became the first Babur king to rule from Biu. The emir's palace is now situated in the town.
With British rule, Biu division was created in 1918. Mai Ari Dogo was acknowledged as the first emir of Biu in 1920. The area became known as the Biu federation after 1957, when the districts of Shani and Askira were added to the emirate.
Maidalla Mustafa dan Muhammad (b. 1915) became Mai Biu, also styled Kuthli, in 1959.
People
The inhabitants of the region are mainly Babur and Bura people (also known as Pabir ), Tera, Bura, Marghi, Mina and Fulani people. Babur, Bura, Tera, Marghi and Mina are Biu–Mandara languages of the Chadic language group.
Geography and economy
The LGA is mostly located in the northern Guinea savannah (NGA) agroecological zone, with a small portion in the northeast, the Kimba area, lying in the dryer Sudan savannah zone. The economy is mixed agricultural, based on herding cattle, goats, sheep, horses, and donkeys and farming sorghum, millet, maize, cowpea, and cotton. Agriculture consists mostly of small farms using traditional methods.
There is a small mining industry in Biu, with iron ore, gravel, magnesite, uranium, feldspar, topaz, mica, granite, aquamarine, nephelite, and salt being extracted.
, the Gombe-Biu-Mubi road was in poor repair. In early 2022, the area was earmarked to receive vital infrastructure funds from multiple international charities to improve transport links.
Communities
The Biu Local Government Area has a large number of rural communities in addition to Biu, which include:
Health
Malnutrition in southern Borno State is extensive. In 2005, Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) set up an intensive care feeding center in Biu hospital, the main referral hospital for the region.
In October 2009 there was an outbreak of Cholera in the area, a disease that spreads through drinking contaminated water. About 600 people were rushed to the Biu General Hospital for diagnosis and treatment. The management of the hospital, in conjunction with the State Ministry of Health, decided to evacuate the patients to an isolated treatment camp.
References
Populated places in Borno State
Local Government Areas in Borno State
is a private junior college in the city of Kashihara in Nara Prefecture, Japan. It was established in 1966.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1966
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nara Prefecture
1966 establishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Inchagoill is an island in Lough Corrib, Ireland. Its Christian ruins constitute an Irish National Monument. The island name means "Island of the devout foreigner."
Location
Inchagoill is an island of located in the northwest part of Lough Corrib. It lies halfway between Oughterard and Cong. Burr Island () lies immediately to the north.
Ruins and monuments
St. Patrick's Church
Also called Templepatrick (Teampall Phádraig), its construction was traditionally attributed to Saint Patrick and their nephew Lugnad, who is credited with bringing them to Ireland by boat; it is more likely to date to the 6th or 7th century AD.
Lugnad's stone
This stone, of Silurian grit and shaped like a rudder, bears the inscription Lia Lugnaedon Macc Limenueh ("Stone of Lugnad son of Limenueh", the latter being Patrick's sister Liamain; there are many variant readings). It is the oldest inscription in Ireland in the Latin alphabet (all earlier inscriptions are in Ogham).
The pillar is known as 'Lugnaedon Pillar', a piece of Silurian grit stone, about two feet high with an incised cross on the north side, and two such crosses on each of the other sides. The stone bears an inscription "Lie Lugnaedon Macc Li Menueh", translated, it means "The stone of Lugnaedon, son of Limenueh", the sister of St. Patrick. The pillar dates back to the 6th century. This pillar is the remains of an Ogham stone, and was sanctified with crosses after it was purged of its pagan inscription, by the founder of the church.
Templenaneeve
In Irish Teampall na Naoimh, "church of the saints."
A flagged path of in length connects the two churches. Templenaneeve is Hiberno-Romanesque church with a 12th-century decorated arched doorway; its sculpted heads are similar to those at Annaghdown Abbey. The incised slab is 8th century, and there are three bullauns as well. The chancel is semi-circular and undecorated.
Graveyard
The graveyard is also ancient; buried there is Muirgheas O'Nioc (Muirgius ua Nioc; died 1128), coarb of Tuam. (He is often incorrectly described as Archbishop of Tuam, but that title didn't exist until 1152.) Other important families in the region also used the graveyard: Kinnaveys, Conways, Sullivans, Murphys, Lyddans, Butlers.
Other sites
A holy well (Tobernaneeve), two cross-inscribed pillars and five cross slabs.
Today
An annual Mass is celebrated on the island, and local cruise companies offer tourist expeditions to the island.
Coillte have extensively afforested the island.
References
Religion in County Galway
Archaeological sites in County Galway
National Monuments in County Galway
Islands of County Galway
Lake islands of Ireland
The Araq Tomb is a tomb located in al-Mayadani al-Wastani district of Damascus, Syria. It was built by governor Araq bin Abdullah al-Salahdar. It is dedicated to the holy man Suhayb ar-Rumi.
References
Ziyarat
Mausoleums in Syria
Harlingen Colligate High School (HCH) is a public high school in Harlingen, Texas. It is a specialized dual enrollment school (part of the ECHS initiative by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation) which offers students the ability to earn up to 2 years of college credit at no cost at the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley (UTRGV), focusing in 5 general areas: education, engineering, computer science, medical sciences, and college academic core curriculum requirements. Each class is capped at 100 students each (for a max total student population of 400), which encourages a small learning community to support educational success. It is an open-enrollment campus available to all who live in the Rio Grande Valley, with a special focus in recruiting at-risk students and historically underrepresented minorities. The application process for rising freshmen places special consideration on the student's personal goals, college preparedness, academic success, and demographic background. In 2018, 92% of students were Hispanic, 57% were female, and 61% were economically disadvantaged.
Harlingen HCH offers a challenging academic program in grades 9th and 10th geared toward college readiness and project based learning, with full college transition and immersion for respective 11th and 12th grade levels. HCH does not offer school team sports (football, cheerleading, marching band, soccer, etc.); however, it does offer physical education (PE) classes. Students interested in joining high school team sports are allowed to join teams at Harlingen High School or Harlingen High School South.
In February 2019, UTRGV, the city of Harlingen, and Harlingen Consolidated Independent School District (HCISD) signed a memorandum announcing the building of a new Early College High School campus. It will replace the original campus located at Pecan Street across from Texas State Technical College Harlingen (TSTC) and the Valley International Airport. The new $14M state-of-the-art campus will be built on Medical Drive near the UTRGV Regional Academic Health Center and Valley Baptist Medical Center, just off South 77 Sunshine Strip. The new 35,000-40,000 sqft building is scheduled to open in 2021.
Academic rankings
In 2018, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency (TEA), which is the highest rank obtainable on the scale. Harlingen Early College High School received 5 Distinction Designations: ELA/Reading, Mathematics, Science, Comparative Closing the Gaps, and Postsecondary Readiness. Student performance on the Texas state public school standardized tests, STAAR, are also far above average. 97% of ECHS students pass all subjects, compared to the 77% average for the school district and state.
US News' Best High School 2019 rankings gives Harlingen ECHS an overall score of 89.31/100, ranking it as the #1 high school in Harlingen, #173 in Texas, and #1,843 in the US.
In 2015, Newsweek's America's Top High Schools ranking placed ECHS at #84 on the prestigious “Beating the Odds” list. Newsweek only selects up to 500 US high schools based on their outstanding efforts in preparing their students for college while also overcoming the obstacles posed by students at an economic disadvantage. Harlingen ECHS received high marks for all three categories: college readiness (87.3%), graduation rate (100%), and college bound (96.7%).
GreatSchools.org rates ECHS a 9 out of 10, and gave the school the 2019 College Success Award based on its success in preparing students for college.
History
Harlingen Consolidated Independent School District (HCISD) established Early College High School in Fall 2007, creating the 3rd public high school (and the 1st specialized high school) in the city. It initially had a partnership with Texas State Technical College Harlingen (TSTC), which offered high school students the opportunity to complete an associate degree or Certificate program at no cost. The ECHS students who successfully graduated from TSTC usually received an Associate of Science in Biology, a Certificate of Completion in the Academic Core Curriculum, or a Certificate of Completion in the Certified Nurse Assistant Program. The original ECHS campus was located on Pecan Street, across from the TSTC Harlingen campus and next to the TSTC on-campus dorms. Students would take high school classes at the ECHS campus and would walk across the street to take college classes at TSTC Harlingen.
The Owl mascot was adopted in 2007. It follows the HCISD tradition of high school bird mascots, where the Owl was chosen specifically to symbolically represent ECHS's academic focus and mission. The mascot's illustration is an altered and recolored (retired) 1997 primary logo from Rice University. The primary color Black was chosen to represent the traditional color of graduation gowns, and the secondary color Khaki was inspired by the faculty's tendency to wear khaki colored slacks when representing ECHS at official HCISD functions. While Khaki is one of the official colors, Yellow and Gold is often substituted in its place for ECHS event decorations, printed banners and brochures, letterman jackets, and diplomas. This color scheme was changed to Orange and Navy in 2021 as ECHS transitioned and rebranded to Harlingen Collegiate High School.
The first time ECHS had a full school of 4 classes (freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and seniors) began in the academic school year of 2010–11, as the school did not accept student transfers planning to graduate in 2008, 2009, or 2010. The original four classes of ECHS students are the Classes of 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014. The first class to graduate from Harlingen Early College High School was the Class of 2011, and were therefore officially named the "Legacy Class" by the school district.
The Harlingen ECHS National Honor Society chapter was established in Fall 2009. Juniors and Seniors are invited to join the organization if they meet the minimum required GPA for entrance.
The first Pep Rally took place during the 2011–12 academic school year. Its focus was to get students excited about an upcoming robotics competition that the Harlingen ECHS Robotics club was participating in. The competition took place at TSTC Harlingen, where the ECHS Robotics team received 2nd place. The first Owl mascot costume was purchased later in 2014.
Beginning in Fall 2017 (and on ECHS's 10 year anniversary), Early College High School ended their partnership with TSTC and entered into a new agreement with the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley (UTRGV). HCISD provides transportation to UTRGV college classes. Students in the Class of 2019 were the first to graduate under the UTRGV program.
In April 2019, the ECHS Robotics team became the first high school in HCISD to advance to the FIRST Robotics World Championship competition hosted at Houston, Texas. Harlingen ECHS students were given the chance to compete with high school engineering and robotics teams from around the world after winning the Alamo West Regional Championship.
References
External links
Harlingen Consolidated Independent School District high schools
Buildings and structures in Harlingen, Texas
2007 establishments in Texas
This is a list of notable events in country music that took place in the year 1955.
Events
January 22 — Ozark Jubilee debuts on ABC-TV, the first popular country music show on network TV. It would run through September 1960.
July 15 — Slim Whitman's "Rose Marie" becomes an international smash, debuting on the British charts and quickly rising to No. 1; its 11-week run will stand as one of the longest runs for many years.
July 27 — Billboard magazine claims that Webb Pierce is one of only two singing stars that "can be considered guaranteed hitmakers these days"; pop and R&B singer Nat King Cole is the other.
November 12 — Elvis Presley is voted the most promising country and western artist, according to Billboard magazine's annual disc jockey poll.
No dates
1955 was one of the most prolific years for new artists, many of whom would revolutionize country music. Some of the more prominent names were Johnny Cash, George Jones, Elvis Presley and Porter Wagoner; it was also the year one of the best-known duos ever — the Louvin Brothers (Charlie and Ira) — would join the Grand Ole Opry. Many of them would go on to record and popularize the best known songs in the genre, and have recording careers that lasted for decades. It would be more than 30 years before another gifted group this prominent would rise to fame and create a revolution in country music in a single year.
Top hits of the year
Number-one hits
United States
(as certified by Billboard)
Notes
1^ No. 1 song of the year, as determined by Billboard.
2^ Song dropped from No. 1 and later returned to top spot.
A^ First Billboard No. 1 hit for that artist.
Note: Several songs were simultaneous No. 1 hits on the separate "Most Played in Juke Boxes," "Most Played by Jockeys" and "Best Sellers in Stores" charts.
Other major hits
Top new album releases
Births
March 11 — Jimmy Fortune, songwriter and member of The Statler Brothers (he sang tenor).
March 17 — Paul Overstreet, singer-songwriter who penned hit singles for artists such as Randy Travis and Tanya Tucker, and also had a career as a recording artist as well.
March 26 — Dean Dillon, songwriter whose works were instrumental in the new traditionalist movement of the 1980s.
March 28 — Reba McEntire, singer and actor who has enjoyed fame since the early 1980s.
May 11 — Mark Herndon, drummer with Alabama.
May 12 — Kix Brooks, half of Brooks & Dunn; host of radio's American Country Countdown''.
May 23 — Garry Koehler, Australian country musician and songwriter (died 2019).
May 24 — Rosanne Cash, daughter of Johnny Cash; rose to fame in the early 1980s for their "alternative country" style.
July 1 — Keith Whitley, honky tonk-styled singer of the 1980s (died 1989).
September 24 — Lane Brody, female vocalist best known for dueting with Johnny Lee on 1984's "The Yellow Rose".
November 1 — Keith Stegall, record producer who enjoyed a string of hits in the mid-1980s.
Deaths
References
Further reading
Kingsbury, Paul, "Vinyl Hayride: Country Music Album Covers 1947–1989," Country Music Foundation, 2003 ()
Millard, Bob, "Country Music: 70 Years of America's Favorite Music," HarperCollins, New York, 1993 ()
Whitburn, Joel. "Top Country Songs 1944–2005 – 6th Edition." 2005.
Country
Country music by year
Andy Towle is an American writer, publisher, and media commentator based in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
Background
Towle holds two Bachelors of Arts degrees from Vassar College in Art History and English. They were awarded the 1989 W.K. Rose Fellowship in the Creative Arts from Vassar College, a Wallace Stegner graduate fellowship from 1989-1991 from Stanford University, and two writing fellowships, one in poetry and one in fiction, from the Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown, Massachusetts. While in Provincetown they produced poetry, and worked as a pool boy and a bartender at The Boatslip. After moving to New York in 1992, they became a bartender and later a manager at the 1990s Chelsea gay bar Splash. They returned to New York in 2005 after moving around, first in Hong Kong (where they were for several years partnered with Amazing Race winner Chip Arndt) then Los Angeles. They currently live in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
Career
From 1998–2002, Towle served as the editor-in-chief of Genre magazine, a North American gay men's lifestyle publication, and editor at large for The Out Traveler, an American gay travel quarterly.
Towle's poetry appeared in The Yale Review (May 1991), Ploughshares (Winter 1992-93), The Paris Review in 2000, and in Poetry Magazine (July 1988, November 1988, February 1991, May 1997, and July 1999).
Towle founded the website Towleroad in 2003. The site focuses on LGBTQ news and entertainment. In 2005, OUT magazine co-founder Michael Goff became their business partner. Since 2014, Towle and Goff have also published Ptown Hacks, a travel guide to Provincetown.
See also
LGBT culture in New York City
List of LGBT people from New York City
New Yorkers in journalism
Poetry analysis
References
External links
Towleroad.com
American bloggers
American magazine editors
American gay writers
Living people
LGBT people from New York (state)
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American male bloggers
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century LGBT people
In the mythology of Mangaia in the Cook Islands, Tikokura is a sea-dwelling evil spirit in the shape of a storm wave.
Ngaru determined to try their strength against Tikokura and their shark-like companion, Tumuitearetoka. They provided themselves with a surfboard named Orua (the two). Ngaru went to the edge of the reef and called out insults against the two demons, who promptly appeared to exact revenge. A huge smashed over the reef, and Ngaru let themselves be washed out to sea.
Tumuitearetoka saw their chance to strike, but Moko, Ngaru's grandfather, was sitting on a high rock and called out "The shark is below you!" The wave and the shark kept attacking, but each time Moko warned their grandson, who was able to outwit them and live on. After eight days and nights, Ngaru threw their surfboard to the monsters, who gladly retired to their home in the deep, while Ngaru went off to find Tongatea, their wife (Gill 1876:225-227).
References
W.W. Gill, Myths and Songs of the South Pacific (Henry S. King: London), 1876.
Mangaia mythology
Polynesian legendary creatures
David Liederman (b 1949, New York, New York) is a chef and business person.  They are best known for creating David's Cookies company (owned by Fairfield Gourmet Foods Corporation ), which produces a line of desserts, baked goods and cookie dough. Since 1996, however, they have not been associated with the David's Cookies product.
Early life
Liederman graduated from State University of New York, college at Old Westbury.
Career
After practicing law for a period they became the first American to work as a cook at Troisgros, a Michelin 3-star restaurants in Roanne, France.
In 1989 Liederman co-wrote Running Through Walls, a book on how to do a startup. It includes recommendations for doing a business plan, raising money and business formation.
In 1990 David co-wrote a diet book called David's Delicious Weight-Loss Program with freelance writer Joan Schwartz.
In the mid-1990s Liederman opened a theme restaurant, Television City, in Rockefeller Center. The restaurant had an early days television motif and celebrity backing. Later in the 1990s they opened Chez Louis, an homage to Antoine Magnin of Chez l'Ami Louis in Paris, which specializes in roasted chicken.
Starting with a $30,000 investment, they opened their first David's Cookies store in Manhattan on Second Avenue, near 54th Street next door to Chez Louis.
Liederman built David's Cookies into a $35 million-a-year food retailer within six years. As of 2015 David's cookies had grown to 100 million-a-year. The batter is mixed in Fairfield, NJ and the dough is sold to distributors.
References
External links
American chefs
American male chefs
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The International Slavery Museum is a museum located in Liverpool, England that focuses on the history and legacy of the transatlantic slave trade. The museum which forms part of the Merseyside Maritime Museum, consists of three main galleries which focus on the lives of people in West Africa, their eventual enslavement, and their continued fight for freedom. Additionally the museum discusses slavery in the modern day as well as topics on racism and discrimination.
History
Originally part of the Merseyside Maritime Museum which opened in 1980, the history of the slave trade was originally discussed as part of the city's maritime history shortly before a dedicated Transatlantic Slavery gallery was created in 1994 to better explore Liverpool's historic role in the slave trade. By the early 2000s international interest in the exhibition and a high volume of visitors led to the decision for a museum specially dedicated to the history of slavery to be set up so as to better explain slavery and its legacy.
The new museum opened on 23 August 2007, the date of the annual International Day for the Remembrance of the Slave Trade and its Abolition marking the beginning of the slave uprising in Saint-Domingue. The year 2007 was particularly significant as it was the bicentenary of the United Kingdom's Slave Trade Act of 1807, which abolished the slave trade (though not slavery itself) inside the British Empire. The Merseyside Maritime Museum used to house a Transatlantic Slavery Gallery. Phase 1 of the International Slavery Museum involved relocating current exhibitions to the third floor of the museum and adding new displays, which doubled the space dedicated to the subject.
New displays incorporate the latest historical research but also cover wider issues of the legacy of transatlantic slavery, and its contemporary relevance. Topics such as freedom and identity, social justice and human rights, underdevelopment in Africa and the Caribbean, racial discrimination and injustice and the transformation of European, African and American cultures as a result of slavery.
The East Gallery features approximately 400 annotated songs pertaining to the experience of slavery and the music of Africa and the slave-descended African diaspora.
National Museums Liverpool says the new gallery focuses on the experience of individuals, using the narratives of enslaved and those involved in the trade. They include a shrine to the ancestors of the enslaved as a quiet area for contemplation and reflection.
The second phase planned is the development of a new visitor-focused resource centre with an events programme of performance, public lectures and debate. The centre will have a research facility for visiting scholars to work and access to National Museums Liverpool's archive collections. A digital archive of material related to the transatlantic slave trade will be available.
To enable phase two of the project National Museums Liverpool has acquired the former Dock Traffic Office, which adjoins the Maritime Museum. The two buildings are to be linked. The Dock Traffic building was formerly occupied by ITV's Granada Television.
The museum was awarded £50,000 in March 2018 to buy and restore the painting 'Am Not I A Man and a Brother'. The painting dates from around 1800 and is based upon a design commissioned by the Committee for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. The image is considered to be one of the first instances of a logo designed for a political cause, and was used on the pottery of Josiah Wedgwood.
Exhibitions
There is a section about life and culture in West Africa before the transatlantic slave trade, the history of slavery and also displays and special exhibitions about the legacies of slavery and current human rights issues.
See also
Slavery museum (France)
Whitney Plantation Historic District (USA)
Barbary slave trade
References
Bibliography
Daniel Brown, "Songs of Slavery", Index on Censorship, Volume 36, Number 1, 2007, p. 138–140.
External links
International Slavery Museum
National Museums Liverpool
Sculpture marks abolition of slave trade anniversary
Guardian article on the opening of phase 1
National Museums Liverpool
Museums in Liverpool
History museums in Merseyside
Museums established in 2007
2007 establishments in England
Slavery museums
Henchir-Bel-Aït is a locality and archaeological site in Tunisia.
The ruins are of the Roman era civitas of Tepela. The ruins include several columaide temples.
The town of Tepela was also the seat of a small Roman Bishopric, which survives today as a titular Bishopric of the Roman Catholic Church, and the current bishop is Daniel Anthony Hart.
References
Populated places in Tunisia
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Black ink, or India ink or Chinese ink, is a simple black or colored ink once widely used for writing and printing and now more commonly used for drawing and outlining.
Black ink may also refer to:
Black Ink, album by American rapper Prozak
Black Ink, subcommittee of Black Student Movement at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, U.S.
See also
Ink
Color printing
Black Ink Crew, an American reality television series
Cephalopod ink, a dark pigment released into water by most species of cephalopod
Iron gall ink, a purple-black or brown-black ink
''White Ink, Black Ink, album by Wheat
Black Ink Collective, a former British publishing company founded in 1978
Aav is an Estonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Evald Aav (1900–1939), Estonian composer
Herman Aav (1878–1961), Estonian Orthodox archbishop
Tõnu Aav (1939–2019), Estonian stage, TV, film, and radio actor
Estonian-language surnames
Temognatha affinis is a jewel beetle in the family Buprestidae, found in New South Wales.
It was first described in 1868 by Edward Saunders as Stigmodera affinis.
The adults are diurnal, and eat flowers. The larvae are wood-borers.
See also
Woodboring beetle
References
Insects of Australia
Buprestidae
Woodboring beetles
Beetles described in 1868
Taxa named by Edward Saunders (entomologist)
The 186th Massachusetts General Court, consisting of the Massachusetts Senate and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, met in 2009 and 2010 during the governorship of Deval Patrick. Therese Murray served as president of the Senate and Robert DeLeo served as speaker of the House.
Senators
Representatives
See also
111th United States Congress
List of Massachusetts General Courts
References
External links
(includes some video)
Political history of Massachusetts
Massachusetts legislative sessions
massachusetts
2009 in Massachusetts
massachusetts
2010 in Massachusetts
The Canadian Esperanto Association (, , KEA) is a registered educational charity whose objective is to advance the education of Esperanto among the Canadian public.
KEA's founding convention was held in 1958 in Toronto, Ontario, after a decision to create the organization was made by postal referendum among the known Canadian Esperantists in 1958. Its predecessor was an association of the same name founded in 1907 but voluntarily dissolved itself in 1939 in order not to distract its members from efforts towards winning World War II, which started in that year.
The Canadian Esperanto Association is the Canadian section of the Universala Esperanto-Asocio (UEA), and its youth section, Canadian Esperanto Youth (Junularo Esperantista Kanada, JEK), is the Canadian section of the World Esperanto Youth Organization.
KEA publishes a semi-annual magazine edited in Esperanto, Lumo (= light); its current editor is Camille-Amélie Marie-Madelaine Koziej Lévesque. It also occasionally publishes books in Esperanto. The organization's leadership consists of a president, vice-president, secretary, treasurer, and up to seven (currently, four) directors. Membership is about 120.
For many years, KEA held an annual convention (called a "congress" in accordance with Esperanto-movement usage), sometimes jointly with the Esperanto League for North America or during an international Esperanto congress, but with to arise of annual regional Esperanto conventions in both Western and Central Canada, the holding of national Canadian Esperanto conventions has become less frequent.
KEA was chosen to host to the 2020 World Esperanto Congress (Universala Kongreso, UK 2020) in Montreal, Quebec.
External links
Home page of Canadian Esperanto groups
Official CEA website
CEA Facebook page
Yahoo newsgroup for Canadian Esperanto speakers
National Esperanto organizations
Civic and political organizations of Canada
Esperanto in Canada
P. carbonaria may refer to:
Percina carbonaria, the Texas logperch, a small bony fish species
Pipiza carbonaria, a hoverfly species in the genus Pipiza
Psilocybe carbonaria, a mushroom species
See also
Carbonaria (disambiguation)
The Hasanids ( or , ) are the descendants of Hasan ibn Ali, a grandson of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. They are a branch of the Alids (the descendants of Ali ibn Abi Talib), and one of the two most important branches of the (the other being the descendants of Hasan's brother Husayn, the Husaynids).
In Morocco, the term is particularly applied to the descendants of Muhammad al-Nafs al-Zakiyya, to distinguish them from the Idrisid dynasty, which is also of Hasanid descent. The Moroccan Hasanids proper have produced two dynasties, the Saadi dynasty and the Alaouite dynasty, which still reigns over the country.
Dynasties
Notable Hasanid dynasties include:
Alaouite dynasty of Morocco
Alavid dynasty of Tabaristan
Banu Ukhaidhir of Central Arabia
Bolkiah dynasty of Brunei
Hammudid dynasty of Southern Spain
Idrisid dynasty of Morocco
the various dynasties providing the Sharifs of Mecca; including the Hashemites (Banu Qatadah) of the Hejaz, Syria, and Iraq, now ruling only in Jordan
Rassid dynasty of Yemen
Saadi dynasty of Morocco
Senussid dynasty of Algeria and Libya
Sulaypersonids of Mecca, Jizan and Yemen
Sulaypersonid dynasty of Western Algeria
House of Maiduniya of Northern Nigeria
Muallimawa of Kano, Northern Nigeria
Aliyawa of Northern Nigeria
References
Sources
Redbubble is a global online marketplace for print-on-demand products based on user-submitted artwork. The company was founded in 2006 in Melbourne, Australia, and also maintains offices in San Francisco and Berlin.
The company operates primarily on the Internet and allows its members to sell their artwork as decoration on a variety of products. Products include prints, T-shirts, hoodies, cushions, duvet covers, leggings, stickers, skirts, and scarves. The company offers free membership to artists who maintain the copyrights to their work, regulate their own prices, and decide which products may display their images.
History
The company was founded in 2006 by Martin Hosking, Peter Styles, and Paul Vanzella after raising $2 million in investor capital. On 16 June 2011, Hosking left their position at Aconex to focus on their job as CEO of Redbubble.
In March 2014, it was reported that 51,900 artists have successfully sold their creations on Redbubble generating more than A$15 million in earnings. At the time it was estimated that eight million unique viewers visited the site every month.
In 2015, Redbubble raised A$15.5 million in funding from various investors including Melbourne-based Acorn Capital and London based investor Piton Capital.
Since February 2015, Redbubble has been running an artist residency program at their Melbourne office. The purpose of the program is to enable selected artists with the opportunity to produce artwork at Redbubble artist studio while collaborating with other artists.
The company was listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in May 2016.
In January 2017, Hosking reported 450,000 active artists and 10 million site visits per month. In the last ten years, almost 7 million people have bought products from the site, generating $70 million earned by artists.
In June 2018, it was announced that Hosking would be stepping down as CEO. COO Barry Newstead, who has been with the company since 2013, would take over as CEO in August 2018.
In October 2018, Redbubble acquired US-based TeePublic for A$57.7 million.
Controversy
Offensive materials
In June 2011, The Register and The Age reported that artists on Redbubble were offering T-shirts images taken from the satirical online comic strip Hipster Hitler. Some Redbubble users perceived the comic and its products as antisemitic, pressuring PayPal to investigate whether it violated their policy. In May 2011 Arnold Bloch Leibler, a law firm with connections to the Australian Jewish community, severed their business relationship with Redbubble for "promoting Nazism". Both Redbubble's CEO, Martin Hosking, and the head of B'nai B'rith's Anti Defamation Commission recognized Hipster Hitler as parody but noted that it was being misunderstood – this was due in part to the limited context of the merchandise and stories that some hate groups had allegedly praised Hipster Hitler – and discussed how best to deal with such work. Three weeks later on 5 June 2011, The Age reported that Hosking, who had originally defended the work as free speech, removed the entire Hipster Hitler merchandise line and said the guidelines would be changed to "prohibit parodies of genocide and the Holocaust, as well as other material likely to cause deep offence". Such a statement does not appear literally or clearly semantically in Redbubble's community guidelines. At the same time they said it was hard to take a nuanced approach to removing Hipster Hitler merchandise due to the nature of the controversy. Hosking's decision to pull Hipster Hitler's line was applauded by the Simon Wiesenthal Center as being responsive to both artists and the Jewish community. On 12 and 15 June 2011 articles by digital media company Ninemsn and news web site Stuff.co.nz reported that artists on Redbubble were selling baby clothes featuring pictures of Hitler, Osama bin Laden and serial killers Ivan Milat, Ted Bundy and Charles Manson.
According to a 9 September 2011 article in the Herald Sun more than 100 children's items remained on sale, some with "four-letter swear words" and drug images. In 2012 the Los Angeles Times reported that due to outrage over the death of Trayvon Martin, artists on Redbubble were offering a hoodie with a version of a "Neighborhood Watch" sign, which warns, darkly, "We immediately murder all suspicious persons".
Trademark infringement
In 2019, the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club sued Redbubble in the Federal Court of Australia for infringing on its trademark. Another lawsuit was launched in 2021 after evidence was provided that Redbubble had continued to breach the trademark.
Awards
Since 2008, Redbubble has been nominated and won a series of awards including:
May 2015, two Hermes Awards (platinum for Redbubble Blog, gold for Redbubble Website)
December 2013, Pixel Awards, nominee – Art
November 2013, SmartCompany, Web Awards 2013 – Best company website (over 20 employees)
December 2012, Deloitte Technology, Fast 500, Asia Pacific 2012 winner
November 2012, Deloitte Technology, Fast 50, 2012 winner
October 2012, BRW, BRW FAST 100
September 2010, Web Marketing Association, Outstanding Achievement in Web Development
August 2010, Smart Company Award, Best Website Under 20 Employees
March 2010, AIMIA, Finalist Cultural or Lifestyle, Social Media
February 2010, Next Web, Runner-up, Most Likely to Change the World
November 2009, Deloitte Technology Fast 50, Rising Star Runner-up
September 2009, Web Marketing Association, Outstanding Achievement in Web Development
July 2009, Telstra Business Awards, finalist MYOB Small Business
June 2009, Interactive Media Association, finalist Top 10 Sites of 2008
May 2009, The Webby Awards, nominee – Community
August 2008, Interactive Media Association, two Best-in-Class awards
June 2008, BRW, 3rd-ranked Australian 2.0 Website
See also
Accessible publishing
Alternative media
Article processing charge
Author mill
Custom media
Dōjin
Dynamic publishing
Independent music
List of self-publishing companies
Offset printing
Online shopping
Predatory open access publishing
Print on demand
Samizdat
Self Publish, Be Happy
:Category:Self-published books
:Category:Self-publishing companies
:Category:Self-publishing online stores
Self publishing
Small press
Vanity award
Vanity gallery
Vanity label
Vanity press
Vanity publishing
Variable data printing
Web-to-print
Self-printing products
Cafe Press
CustomInk
RushOrderTees
Shopify
Shutterfly
Spreadshirt
TeePublic
Teespring
Vistaprint
Zazzle
References
External links
Australian artist groups and collectives
Companies based in Melbourne
Retail companies established in 2006
Internet properties established in 2006
Retail companies of Australia
Self-publishing online stores
Australian companies established in 2006
Companies listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
Aprophata notha is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Newman in 1842, originally under the genus Abryna. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1842
Charles Frederick DeShane (December 10, 1918 – November 5, 2006) was a professional American football player in the National Football League for the Detroit Lions from 1945 to 1949.
Career
Born in Waukesha, Wisconsin, DeShane was the starting quarterback for the University of Alabama in 1939 and 1940 and was named to the All-Southeastern Conference team their senior season. They coached football from 1942 to 1944 at their alma mater, Creston High School (Grand Rapids, Michigan), before signing with the Lions.
From 1945 to 1946, Deshane played quarterback and linebacker for the Lions. They played guard from 1947 to 1949.
Personal life
DeShane was also a railroad conductor during the offseasons. They were married to their second wife Evelyn for 31 years and had four children with their wife Lorraine, 14 grandchildren and 21 great-grandchildren. They died in Grand Rapids, Michigan. They were preceded in death by their daughter, Pamela Rae and their son, Robert Floyd. Their son Charles Jr and daughter Sandra survive.
External links
Database Football
Detroit Free Press obituary
1918 births
2006 deaths
Sportspeople from Waukesha, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Players of American football from Grand Rapids, Michigan
American football linebackers
American football quarterbacks
American football offensive guards
Alabama Crimson Tide football players
Detroit Lions players
Sportspeople from the Milwaukee metropolitan area
Conductor (rail)
Thatto Heath railway station is located in the Thatto Heath area of St Helens, Merseyside, England. It is situated on the electrified Merseyrail Liverpool to Wigan City Line, northeast of Liverpool. The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Northern Trains, however the station is branded Merseyrail using Merseyrail ticketing. The station opened with the line in 1871.
Facilities
The station has a small wooden ticket office on the northbound platform, which is staffed from beginning to end of service each day (including Sundays). There are also waiting shelters on both platforms, along with customer help points, digital information screens and timetable posters. Step-free access is available on each side, via ramps from the road above.
Services
During Monday to Saturday daytimes, Thatto Heath is served by trains every 30 minutes between Liverpool Lime Street and . Some afternoon peak and late evening trains continue to Preston and Blackpool North. The service frequency also drops to hourly in the evenings.
On Sundays the service is half-hourly in each direction, with some trains extending beyond Wigan to Preston and .
Gallery
References
External links
Railway stations in St Helens, Merseyside
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1871
Northern franchise railway stations
René Ildefonse Dordillon (born in 1808 in Sainte-Maure-de-Touraine) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Taiohae. They were appointed bishop in 1855. They died in 1888.
References
1808 births
1888 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Taiohae
Henry William Herbert (7 April 1807 – 17 May 1858), pen name Frank Forester, was a British-born American novelist, poet, historian, illustrator, journalist and writer on sport. Starr writes that "as a classical scholar they had few equals in the United States . . . their knowledge of English history and literature was extensive; they were a pen-and-ink artist of marked ability; as a sportsman they were unsurpassed; their pupils idolized him."
Biography
The eldest son of William Herbert, Dean of Manchester (himself the son of Henry Herbert, 1st Earl of Carnarvon), Herbert was born in London.
Herbert was educated at Eton College and at Caius College, Cambridge, where they graduated from BA in 1830. Having lost their property through a dishonest agent, they emigrated to the United States in 1831 and for the following eight years taught Latin and Greek at a private school in New York City. In 1833 they started the American Monthly Magazine, which they edited, in conjunction with A. D. Patterson, till 1835 when they withdrew as a result of disagreements with their associate, Charles Fenno Hoffman. Their vanity and arrogance due to their ancestry, their father being the son of the Earl of Carnarvon and their mother, the Hon. Letitia Emily Dorothea Allen, a daughter of Viscount Allen, did not win them many friends. Edgar Allan Poe felt that they were "not unapt to fall into pompous grandiloquence" and sometimes was "woefully turgid", while others saw their novels as "prolix, lacking in imagination and humor."
Herbert was a man of varied accomplishments, translating many of the novels of Eugène Sue and Alexandre Dumas, père into English.  They are listed as a contributor to the first edition of The New American Cyclopedia by way of writing articles on Archery, Armour, Austerlitz, Balaklava, St. Bartholomew Massacre, Carthage, Charles I & II of England, Charles XII of Sweden etc.
In 1839 Herbert married Sarah Barker, of Bangor, Maine. They had one son, William George, and one daughter, Louisa. Sarah died 11 March 1844 and was buried in Newark, New Jersey. Their daughter, Louisa, died on 19 August of the same year. William George, their son, was sent to school in England and remained there. Fifteen years later Herbert married Adela Budlong, who filed for divorce after three months.
Herbert was staying at the Stevens Hotel in Manhattan, New York City and invited several men to dine with them on what would be the last night of their life. Only one gentleman accepted their invention, Philip Hone Anthon, a pupil of Herbert's, who accepted the invitation because, as they testified at the inquest, Herbert "had complained of feeling very lonely because their wife had left him". After this they begged Anthon to spend as much time as possible with him. While talking with Anthon, Herbert dashed into their bedroom and shot himself. They took their own life on 17 May 1858 at 2:00 am.
Publications
In 1834 Herbert published their first novel, The Brothers: a Tale of the Fronde, which was followed by a number of others that achieved popularity including:
The Village Inn; or the Adventures of Bellechassaigne (1843)
Marmaduke Wyvil; or The Maid's Revenge (1843)
The Lord Of The Manor; or, Rose Castleton's Temptation: An Old English Story (1844)
Guarica, the Charib Bride: A Legend of Hispaniola (1844)
The Warwick Woodlands; or Things as They Were There (1845)
The Roman Traitor; or the Days of Cicero, Cato and Cataline [sic], A True Tale of The Republic (1846)
The Deerstalkers; or, Circumstantial Evidence: A Tale of the South-Western Counties (1849)
The Fair Puritan. An historical romance of the Days of Witchcraft
Herbert also wrote a series of historical studies, including:
Cromwell: An Historical Novel (1838)
Dermot O'Brien, or, The taking of Tredagh : a tale of 1649 (1849)
The Captains of the Old World; as Compared with the Great Modern Strategists (1851)
The Cavaliers of England (1852)
The Knights of England, France and Scotland (1852)
The Chevaliers of France (1853)
Memoirs Of Henry The Eighth Of England With The Fortunes And Characters Of Their Six Wives (1855)
Herbert also translated Aeschylus:
The Prometheus and Agamemnon of Aeschylus (1849)
Herbert contributed to one of the early sporting magazines in the United States, the Spirit of the Times, and was well known for their works on sport, published under the pseudonym of Frank Forester. These include:
The Field Sports of the United States and British Provinces (1849)
Frank Forester and their Friends (1849)
The Fish and Fishing of the United States (1850)
The Young Sportsman's Complete Manual (1852)
The Horse and Horsemanship in the United States and British Provinces of North America (1858)
Citations
References
Boase, George Clement, "Henry William Herbert," Dictionary of National Biography, 1885–1900, Volume 26.
External links
1807 births
1858 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Henry William Herbert
19th-century English novelists
Angling writers
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
Suicides by firearm in New York City
English male novelists
19th-century male writers
1850s suicides
The Texas Assessment of Basic Skills or TABS test was a standardized test for public schools in the State of Texas beginning in 1980. It was introduced by statute by the 66th Legislature in 1979. The statute required testing of "basic skills competencies in mathematics, reading, and writing for grades 3, 5, and 9."
See also
Texas Educational Assessment of Minimum Skills - the second standardized test used by Texas from 1984 until 1990.
Texas Assessment of Academic Skills - the third standardized test used by Texas from 1991 until 2002.
Texas Assessment of Knowledge and Skills - the fourth standardized test used by Texas from 2003 until 2011.
State of Texas Assessments of Academic Readiness - the fifth and current standardized test used by Texas since 2011.
References
Public education in Texas
Standardized tests in the United States
Andrew Sartee (born 16 March 1949) is a Liberian sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1949 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Liberian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Liberia
Place of birth missing (living people)
This list of fossil amphibians described in 2018 is a list of new taxa of fossil amphibians that were described during the year 2018, as well as other significant discoveries and events related to amphibian paleontology that occurred in 2018.
New taxa
General research
Evidence from multi-stable isotope data indicating that some Devonian vertebrates, including early tetrapods, were euryhaline and inhabited aquatic environments subject to rapid changes in salinity is presented by Goedert et al. (2018).
A study on the evolution of hindlimb musculature from the lobe-finned fishes to early tetrapods is published online by Molnar et al. (2018).
A partial jaw resembling that of Crassigyrinus is described from the Tournaisian of Scotland by Clack, Porro & Bennett (2018), potentially extending the existence of the genus by approximately 20 million years towards the base of the Carboniferous.
A study on the fossil record of amphibians, aiming to identify traits that influenced the extinction risk of species, and using this data to predict the extinction risk for living amphibian species, is published by Tietje & Rödel (2018).
Description of anamniote tetrapod fossils from the Late Permian Sundyr Tetrapod Assemblage (Mari El, Russia) is published by Golubev & Bulanov (2018).
A study on the relationship between taxonomic and ecological diversity of temnospondyls across the Permian–Triassic boundary in the Karoo Basin of South Africa is published by Tarailo (2018).
A study on the morphology and phylogenetic relationships of Neldasaurus is published by Schoch (2018).
A study on the morphological changes in the skull that have been considered related to size reduction in dissorophoids, evaluating whether these changes are consistent with the consequences of miniaturization according to the studies in extant miniature amphibians, is published by Pérez-Ben, Schoch & Báez (2018).
A study on the phylogenetic relationships of dissorophoid temnospondyls, and on their relationship to modern amphibians, is published by Schoch (2018), who names new taxon Amphibamiformes.
Well-preserved postcranial skeletons of two dissorophids are described from the early Permian karst deposits near Richards Spur (Oklahoma, United States) by Gee & Reisz (2018).
A revision of the fossil material assigned to Fayella chickashaensis is published by Gee, Scott & Reisz (2018), who consider this species to be a nomen dubium.
Redescription of the holotype specimen of the dissorophid species Alegeinosaurus aphthitos is published by Gee (2018), who considers Alegeinosaurus to be a junior synonym of Aspidosaurus.
New skull remains of Cacops morrisi, as well as the first known postcranial remains of the taxon, are described from the Permian of the Richards Spur locality (Oklahoma, United States) by Gee & Reisz (2018).
Two new dissorophid specimens referred to Anakamacops petrolicus are described from the Guadalupian Dashankou Fauna of China by Liu (2018).
A study on the morphology and phylogenetic relationships of Limnogyrinus elegans is published by Schoch & Witzmann (2018).
A study on the diversity of the morphology of the feeding system in stereospondyl temnospondyls is published by Penrice & Deeming (2018).
A study on the anatomy and phylogenetic relationships of Parotosuchus nasutus is published by Schoch (2018).
A study on the morphology of specimens of Rhytidosteus from southeastern European Russia, and on their implications for inferring possible feeding adaptations of this animal, is published by Sennikov & Novikov (2018).
Partial mandible of a large-bodied metoposaurid is described from the Upper Triassic Chinle Formation exposures at Petrified Forest National Park (Arizona, United States) by Gee & Parker (2018).
Morphological description of two new small-bodied metoposaurid specimens from Petrified Forest National Park (Arizona, United States) and a histological analysis of the vertebra of these specimens is published online by Gee & Parker (2018), who argue that their findings support the interpretation of Apachesaurus as a juvenile metoposaurid.
A small metoposaurid specimen interpreted as a juvenile specimen of Apachesaurus gregorii is described from the Petrified Forest National Park (Arizona, United States) by Rinehart & Lucas (2018).
A study on the histology of the humeri of members of the species Metoposaurus krasiejowensis, revealing the occurrence of two different growth patterns (histotypes), is published by Teschner, Sander & Konietzko-Meier (2018).
A study on the feeding mode of Metoposaurus krasiejowensis as indicated by bone microstructure and computational biomechanics is published by Konietzko-Meier et al. (2018).
Description of the ornamentation of clavicles and skull bones of Metoposaurus krasiejowensis is published by Antczak & Bodzioch (2018).
Redescription of Regalerpeton weichangensis based on eight new specimens and a study on the phylogenetic relationships of the species is published by Rong (2018).
An incomplete vertebra of a member of Caudata is described from the Algerian part of the Cretaceous Kem Kem Beds by Alloul et al. (2018).
Description of bone anomalies in specimens of the cryptobranchid Eoscapherpeton asiaticum from the Upper Cretaceous Bissekty Formation (Uzbekistan) and a study on their possible origin is published by Skutschas et al. (2018).
A study on the life history of the cryptobranchid Aviturus exsecratus from the Paleocene of Mongolia is published online by Skutschas et al. (2018).
Description of new specimens of the fossil salamandrids Taricha oligocenica and Taricha lindoei from the Oligocene of Oregon, providing new information on the morphology of these taxa, and a study on the phylogenetic relationships of these species is published by Jacisin & Hopkins (2018).
Cretaceous frog tracks are described from the Saok Island (South Korea) by Park et al. (2018), who name a new ichnotaxon Ranipes saokensis.
Fossils of members of the genus Palaeobatrachus are described from the Miocene (Turolian) localities in Adygea (Russia) by Syromyatnikova (2018).
A redescription and a study of the phylogenetic relationships of Baurubatrachus pricei is published by Báez & Gómez (2018).
A redescription and a study of the phylogenetic relationships of Eorubeta nevadensis is published by Henrici et al. (2018).
Description of new fossil material of Thaumastosaurus from three localities in Switzerland, and a revision of the stratigraphic records of the genus Thaumastosaurus and other ranoid fossils from the Eocene of Europe, is published by Vasilyan (2018).
A study on the skull morphology of Enosuchus breviceps is published by Bulanov & Golubev (2018).
A study on the anatomy of regenerating tails in two specimens of the Carboniferous lepospondyl Microbrachis pelikani, comparing tail regeneration in this taxon and in extant seal salamander and Ocoee salamander, is published by van der Vos, Witzmann & Fröbisch (2018).
A study on the skull ornamentation of a large specimen of Brachydectes newberryi from Linton (Ohio, United States) is published by Mann (2018).
Description of the anatomy of the skeleton of the chroniosuchian species Bystrowiella schumanni and a study on the phylogenetic relationships of chroniosuchians is published by Witzmann & Schoch (2018).
A study on the variation of digit proportions and trackway parameters in diadectomorph tracks with a relatively short pedal digit V, representing ichnogenus Ichniotherium, is published by Buchwitz & Voight (2018).
References
2018 in paleontology
2010s in paleontology
2018 in science
Zagrađe is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 493 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Kitti Sor.Jor.Danrayong (; born August 3, 1999) is a Thai Muay Thai fighter from the Chanthaburi Province in Eastern Thailand. Kitti is known for their emphasis of elbows as part of their fighting style.
They currently compete for Thai Fight, where they have won two titles with the promotion.
Titles and accomplishments
Thai Fight
2019 THAI FIGHT 70 kg Kard Chuek King's Cup Champion
2021 THAI FIGHT 70 kg Kard Chuek King's Cup Champion
MAX Muay Thai
2017 MAX Muay Thai 69 kg Tournament Champion
Fight record
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2022-05-29|| Win || align="left" | Mikaeil Amiri || THAI FIGHT Nakhon Sawan || Nakhon Sawan province, Thailand || KO (Elbow) ||2 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2022-05-08|| Win || align="left" | Lautaro Pereyra || THAI FIGHT Sung Noen || Sung Noen district, Thailand || KO || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2022-03-20|| Win || align="left" | Thiago Teixeira || THAI FIGHT Lampang || Lampang, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2021-12-19 || Win ||align=left| Thiago Teixeira || THAI FIGHT Khao Aor || Phatthalung, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2021-07-04 || Win ||align=left| Vladimir Shuliak || THAI FIGHT Strong || Pattaya, Thailand || TKO (Referee stoppage) || 2 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2021-04-25 || Win ||align=left| Reza Ahmadnezhad || THAI FIGHT DMHTT || Samut Sakhon, Thailand || KO (Left knee to the body) || 2 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2021-04-03 || Win ||align=left| Erik Massion || THAI FIGHT Nan || Nan, Thailand || KO (Elbow & punches) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2020-11-07 || Win ||align=left| Victor Hugo || THAI FIGHT Korat 2020 || Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand || TKO (3 Knockdowns) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2020-10-17 || Win ||align=left| Nata Gomes || THAI FIGHT Begins || Nonthaburi, Thailand || TKO (3 Knockdowns) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2020-09-19 || Win ||align=left| Ruslan Ataev || THAI FIGHT New Normal || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Elbow) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-12-21 || Win ||align=left| Gabriel Mazzetti || THAI FIGHT Patong || Phuket, Thailand || Decision || 3 ||3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-11-23|| Win ||align=left| Hamed Soleimani || THAI FIGHT Mae Sot || Tak, Thailand || KO (Body Kick) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-10-26 || Win ||align=left| Mehdi Jaouadi || THAI FIGHT Bangsaen || Chonburi, Thailand || KO (Elbow) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-08-24 || Win ||align=left| Sergio Mazzetti || THAI FIGHT Kham Chanod || Udon Thani, Thailand || TKO (Doctor Stoppage) || 2 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-06-29 || Win ||align=left| Leonardo Giosi || THAI FIGHT Betong || Betong, Thailand || KO (Elbow) || 2 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-04-27 || Win ||align=left| Nikita Gerasimovich || THAI FIGHT Samui 2019 || Ko Samui, Thailand || TKO || 2 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-03-30 || Win ||align=left| Andi Uustalu || THAI FIGHT Mueang Khon 2019 || Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand || TKO (Knees & Elbows) || 2 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-02-23 || Win ||align=left| Alex Sousa || THAI FIGHT Phuket 2019 || Phuket, Thailand || KO (Elbow) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-12-22 || Win||align=left| Pasquale Amoroso || THAI FIGHT Nakhon Ratchasima 2018 || Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand || TKO (Punches) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-11-24 || Win ||align=left| Anton Tolkmit || THAI FIGHT Saraburi || Saraburi, Thailand || TKO (Punches) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-10-21 || Win ||align=left| Hassan Vahdanirad || Muay Thai Super Champ || Bangkok, Thailand || KO || 2 || 2:55
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-09-23 || Win ||align=left| Thomas Hayden || Muay Thai Super Champ || Bangkok, Thailand || TKO || 2 || 2:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-08-26 || Win ||align=left| Nima Vakilitamougheh || Muay Thai Super Champ || Bangkok, Thailand || KO || 1 || 2:01
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-07-29 || Win||align=left| Sven Van Hof || Muay Thai Super Champ || Bangkok, Thailand || TKO || 2 || 0:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-05-06 || Win||align=left| Thoeun Theara || MAX Muay Thai|| Pattaya, Thailand || KO (Knees) || 2 || 2:58
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-01-05 || Win||align=left| Chokchai Pran26 ||MAX Muay Thai|| Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-11-26 || Win ||align=left| Luke Bar || MAX Muay Thai|| Pattaya, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-07-22 || Win ||align=left| Daomangkorn Kaisansukgym || MAX Muay Thai|| Pattaya, Thailand || TKO || 2 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-07-22 || Win ||align=left| Petmeechai Petcharoen || MAX Muay Thai|| Pattaya, Thailand || TKO (Elbow) || 1 ||
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2017-06-06 || Win ||align=left| Valentin Thibaut || MAX Muay Thai|| Pattaya, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2016-07-31 || Loss||align=left| Phetnarin Gluerare 1T || Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-06-26 || Win||align=left| Phetnarin Gluerare 1T || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2016-01-02 || Win||align=left| Petchsingha Nitipattanaikwam || Omnoi Stadium || Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-11-04 || Win||align=left| Nongbenz Singtaladthai|| Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2015-10-08 || Win||align=left| Lukyod Sitthidanan || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2015-09-16 || Loss ||align=left| Sakmongkol Sor.Sommai || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
References
Kitti Sor.Jor.Danrayong
Kitti Sor.Jor.Danrayong
Welterweight kickboxers
Living people
1999 births
Lainaotabi () or Leinaotabi () is a goddess in ancient Meitei mythology and religion.  They are the youngest wife of God Thongalel of the underworld kingdom (). Thongalel sent them to be the wife of Poireiton, their brother-in-law. Lainaotabi gave birth to a son with Poireiton.
Them legend says they made the first clay pot.
They were worshipped by the people of Ashangbam clan.
Mythology
Journey from Underworld to human world
Lainaotabi was the youngest queen of King Thongaren () of the underworld kingdom (). Queen Laikhurembi was the first wife of the King. Poireiton, Thongalel's younger brother, was about to leave on a journey to Tai Pang Pan. The king asked Laikhurembi to go with Poireiton as their wife because Poireiton's own wife had died. However, Laikhurembi did not want to go. Trees had already been planted to honor them as the King's wife. So, instead of Laikhurembi, Lainaotabi was sent to accompany their brother in law Poireiton as a wife.
Love with a mortal prince
Lainaotabi (Leinaotabi) went with Poireiton, their brother-in-law, on a journey to earth. Later, they became separated from him. They were adopted by King Koubru as their daughter. Afterwards, they came to be known as Koubarol Namoinu () alias Koubru Namoinu (). They fell in love with prince Nongban Pombi Luwaoba of Luwang dynasty. They met the prince for the first time when they visited King Koubru. They and prince Luwaoba married and led a happy life. God Thongalel did not want their own wife spending their days with another man. So, the thread of their life was cut short and their soul recalled. However, the Prince did not give up. They challenged God Thongalel to give back their wife's soul or to fight with him. They guarded the dead body of Koubru Namoinu without performing the funeral ceremony. Thongalel first sent their two younger brothers one by one for the fight. Prince Nongban Pombi Luwaoba defeated their two divine opponents. Finally, Thongalel themselves appeared before him. But this time, the prince realised that they were no match for powerful God. So, they begged mercy and kindness to restore Koubru Namoinu's life so that the Luwang dynasty might have further generation. Thongalel felt pity on him. So, they granted the couple to live for another hundred years with marital pleasure. According to legends, Hongnem Luwang Punshiba was the son of Koubru Namoinu (Lainaotabi) and Nongban Pombi Luwaoba.
Pantheon and worship
The pantheon dedicated to goddess Lainaotabi (Leinaotabi) was mainly maintained by the Ashangbam clan of Meitei ethnicity in Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). It was recorded in the Loyumba Shinyen (1100 AD).
References
Abundance deities
Abundance goddesses
Arts deities
Arts goddesses
Beauty deities
Beauty goddesses
Chthonic beings
Crafts deities
Crafts goddesses
Fertility deities
Fertility goddesses
Fortune deities
Fortune goddesses
Leima
Love and lust deities
Love and lust goddesses
Magic deities
Magic goddesses
Maintenance deities
Maintenance goddesses
Marriage deities
Marriage goddesses
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Oracular deities
Oracular goddesses
Peace deities
Peace goddesses
Underworld deities
Underworld goddesses
Witchcraft in folklore and mythology
Siradiou Diallo (August 25, 1936 in Labé – March 14, 2004 in Paris), a Fulani, was a Guinean journalist and politician of the opposition party Union for Progress and Renewal. They were a candidate during the 1993 Guinean presidential election but only received 11.86% of the vote. They also stood for presidency in the 1998 Guinean presidential election and the 2003 Guinean presidential election.
Early years
Diallo was from Labé, located in Fouta Djallon, a highland region in the centre of the country. Their father, Elhadj lbrahima Gassama Diallo, was a government official, before and after the country's independence. Their mother was Thierno Hadiatou Bah, was the eldest daughter of the reigning family of Dalaba. Diallo was the eldest son of a family that included 21 siblings. Their paternal grandparents was Thierno Cellou Diallo, the leader of Pilimini (a village in Koubia Prefecture) and Bah Assiatou Thierno, the eldest daughter of the venerable Thierno Aliou Bhoubha N'diyan.
Diallo received their initial education at Koranic Kottyou Timbi Touni in Pita Prefecture. They attended elementary school in Labé, graduating in 1951. After attending the 7th World Scout Jamboree in Bad Ischl, Austria, they spent four years studying in the capital of Guinea and in 1955, they entered École normale supérieure William Ponty. The first two years working on their baccalaureate were spent in Sébikotane Arrondissement in Senegal. They completed their baccalaureate in 1958 in Dakar with a Bachelor in philosophy. In 1959, they were enrolled at the University of Dakar Faculty of Arts and Humanities and Faculty of Law and Economics. Later, they studied economics at the University of Poitiers and Paris.
Career
After their graduation in 1967, they worked at Banque Nationale de Paris and the French Ministry of Finance. In the late 1960s, they had a brief stint at the National Institute of Statistics and Economic Studies (INSEE). However, they were primarily a journalist and worked from 1970 for the magazine Jeune Afrique, rising to the position of editor-in-chief.
Parallel to their journalistic activities, they organized the Coalition of Guineans from outside (EGR), a group made up of Guineans exiled and traumatized by the terror regime of Sékou Touré. They held the position of secretary general of the EGR. Diallo founded, among others, the Comité de Réflexion sur la Démocratie en Guinée (CRDG). After Toure's death in 1984, Diallo returned to Guinea. In 1991, they became secretary general of the Parti du Progrès Guinée (PGP) and founded a year later, the Parti du Progrès et du Renouveau (PRP) ("Revival and Progress Party"). The pressure of the growing opposition created the bloodless coup which led to President Lansana Conté coming to power. In the uneasy presidential election in Guinea of 1993, Diallo was a candidate for president and one of Conté's main rivals. They accused the government of electoral fraud. From 1995, Diallo was a deputy in the National Assembly of Guinea.
In the 1998 Guinean presidential election, Diallo's Union pour la Nouvelle Republique (UNR) joined forces with Mamadou Bah and Union pour le Progrès et le Renouveau (UPR) ("Union for Progress and Reform"). Diallo became the leader of the UPR, a Fulani supported party and worked towards engagement with the electoral process. The joint bid in Fulbe by the politicians, however, intensified ethnic conflict. At the same time, this alienated the 1998 planned expulsion of over a hundred thousand people, most of whom were Fulani, from a district of Conakry, the Fulbe from the Conté regime. There were violent protests and clashes between the population, opposition and police.
In the parliamentary elections in 2002, Diallo's UPR was the only opposition party to participate, and it won 20 of the 114 parliamentary seats. They stood again for presidency in the 2003 Guinean presidential election, participating in a national election tour. Among other issues, they opposed the charge finding that the UPR had conducted a secret agreement with the government. The elections, however, were boycotted by all major opposition parties, including the UPR, due to lack of fairness.
Diallo denounced political fatalism. They died on March 14, 2004, in Paris at the age of 68 years from a cardiac arrest.
References
Guinean journalists
1936 births
2004 deaths
People from Labé
Members of the National Assembly (Guinea)
Cheikh Anta Diop University alumni
20th-century journalists
"Octopus" is a song by the British indie rock band Bloc Party, released as the lead single from the band's fourth album Four on 11 July 2012.
Background
"Octopus" was released as the band's first single since "One More Chance", a standalone single released 3 years before in 2009. "Octopus" was also notable as being the band's first single to be released on Frenchkiss Records.
Reception
"Octopus" was well received by critics upon its release. Billboard stated that the track "takes the band back to the earliest days of Silent Alarm" and called the track "pure rock 'n' roll". Metro also noted the band returning to their indie roots, as well as comparing the track's "strong guitar hook and catchy lyrics" to the band's sound on their debut Silent Alarm.
Counteract Magazine wrote that on the song, "Kele's vocals feel freer and less dominating, giving the whole band a chance to loosen up." They also called "Octopus" an "interesting comeback single" and an "exciting preview of what is yet to come."
Pretty Much Amazing blog summed up the song by saying that it "has more pop appeal than it initially lets on. The beguilingly simple call-and-response melody will get stuck in your head with repeat listens."
Music video
Development
The music video for "Octopus" debuted on 10 July 2012 on Bloc Party's official YouTube page and on their website. The music video was directed by Nova Dando, who also directed the video for "What Did I Do?" by the band's lead singer Kele Okereke.
Synopsis
Billboard summarised the music video for "Octopus" as "Bloc Party playing the track in an old warehouse while women dance in black leotards, spinning hula hoops and ribbons of primary colors [...] Bright colors flash across the screen, working with both the primary color theme and the beat of the music." They called the video "a fitting complement for the song's simple, driven indie sound."
Live
The song frequently appears in the band's set, and was played extensively on the 2016 Hymns tour. In the live version, they often add the first verse of "I've been Tired" by Pixies.
Track listing
Digital download
"Octopus" – 3:05
7" single
Octopus
Straight Thru Cru
Digital EP
Octopus
Straight Thru Cru
Octopus (RAC Remix)
Octopus (Koreless Remix)
Four More EP (free CD with Musikexpress magazine)
Octopus
Straight Thru Cru
Lean
Octopus (Them Jeans Mix)
Personnel
Bloc Party
Kele Okereke – lead vocals
Russell Lissack – lead guitar
Gordon Moakes – bass guitar, backing vocals
Matt Tong – drums
Production
Alex Newport – producer
References
External links
"Octopus" music video
2012 singles
Bloc Party songs
2012 songs
Songs written by Kele Okereke
Frenchkiss Records singles
Songs written by Gordon Moakes
Songs written by Russell Lissack
Songs written by Matt Tong
Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood is a realistic, largely autobiographical, novel by George MacDonald. It was first published in 1871. The original edition was illustrated by Arthur Hughes.
Plot introduction
Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood is a story of a young motherless boy growing up with their brothers in a Scottish manse. The list of characters includes: The wicked sneaking, housekeeper, Mrs. Mitchel, Kirsty, an enchanting Highland storyteller, Turkey, the intrepid cowherd, the strange Wandering Willie, the evil Kelpie, the sweet horse Missie, and the lovely Elsie Duff. Throughout the twists and turns of their escapades and adventures, Ranald learns from their father the important lessons of courage and integrity.
Literary significance and criticism
"full of sweetness, full of boy-life and true goodness". (New York Independent, 1871)
"Mr. Macdonald writes of youthful experiences in a way unequaled by any other author of the day, and this volume is in their best style." -Boston Post
References
External links
1871 British novels
Novels by George MacDonald
Novels about orphans
Novels set in Aberdeenshire
British autobiographical novels
The Wachdienst (English: watch service) was a rural home guard organisation raised by the Third Reich in Germany during the last months of World War II, in 1945. The service was created to assist local authorities in rural areas, among other things, and elderly men in Germany, mostly farmers and other rural labourers, were forced into conscription. Members of the Wachdienst were often required to participate in local fire brigades and engage in related tasks. Others were involved in the oversight of farms in their area, and were required to look into pests affecting local crops and produce. In addition to this, and as the name of the unit implies, the Wachdienst were also tasked with home protection for civilians, and undertook militia-like duties in that respect.
The service was one of many civilian organisations created under command of the Third Reich in Germany, in response to an increasing lack of manpower and supplies as the war dragged on and continued its demand for resources, human and not. As the Wehrmacht, the German military forces, were proving ineffective in stopping the advance of the Soviet Union on the Eastern Front due to a lack of units, Adolf Hitler sanctioned the creation of such organisations on the home front, and civilians who were working in areas perceived to be non-essential were often enrolled.
The Wachdienst should not be confused with the Volkssturm, a similar militia "home guard" unit formed in October 1944, whose name is roughly translated into English as "The People's Army".
Notes
1945 in Germany
Military history of Germany during World War II
In enzymology, a glucose-6-phosphate 1-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
alpha-D-glucose 6-phosphate beta-D-glucose 6-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, alpha-D-glucose 6-phosphate, and one product, beta-D-glucose 6-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is D-glucose-6-phosphate 1-epimerase. This enzyme participates in glycolysis / gluconeogenesis.
Structural studies
As of late 2013, 3 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , and .
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
The ICC Women's T20 World Cup Qualifier (until 2018, the ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier) is an international cricket tournament that serves as the final step of the qualification process for the Women's T20 World Cup.
The qualifier was held for the first time in 2013, with the top three teams qualifiying for the World Cup. Each subsequent edition has featured eight teams, determined by a combination of international rankings, previous World Cup results, and regional qualifiers, with the top two teams qualifying for the World Cup. Bangladesh have won the tournament on three occasions, winning consecutively in 2018, 2019 and 2022. The first tournament was shared by Pakistan and Sri Lanka when the final ended in a no result, while Ireland won the 2015 tournament. THailand is the only other team to qualify for a World Cup via the qualifier, having finished runner-up to Bangladesh in 2019.
Results
Performance by team
Legend
– Champions
– Runners-up
– Third place
— Hosts
Q – Qualified for upcoming tournament
§ – Team qualified for tournament, but withdrew or disqualified later
× – Qualified for the World Cup by a different method
Positions that were shared by two teams are underlined
See also
ICC T20 World Cup Qualifier (men's)
ICC Women's World Cup Qualifier
References
Qualifier
Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier
Qualification for cricket competitions
"Reisefieber" (Travel nerves, lit. Travel fever) is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the only single and the fourth track from their debut album Opel-Gang.
The song is about a man who likes to travel a lot and is adventurous, but goes too far to sea and is killed by a wave. A while after the discovery of their body, everything goes on normally for everyone else.
There's also an English version of the song, titled "Seafever".
Music video
The video was directed by Jörg Sonntag. In the video, the band is having a picnic in a stormy weather.
Track listing
"Reisefieber" (Breitkopf, Frege, von Holst, Meurer, Trimpop/Frege) − 3:46
"Niemandsland" (No one's land) (Frege, von Holst/Frege) − 2:41
1982 singles
Songs written by Michael Breitkopf
Die Toten Hosen songs
Songs written by Campino (singer)
Songs written by Andreas von Holst
1982 songs
Andrea Ossoinack (1876-1965) was a business person and politician who became notable in the process of creating the Free State of Fiume.
Biography
Andrea Ossoinack was the son of Luigi Ossoinack, one of the foremost business people in Fiume. They studied economics in England, and then spent time at their father's company branch office in London.
After initially helping Riccardo Zanella and their Autonomist Association, Ossoinack later founded the Autonomist League (Lega autonoma) with the Hungarian loyalist grouping.
In 1916 they were nominated (rather than elected) as the deputy from Fiume in the Hungarian Parliament. On 18 October 1918, at the end of the First World War, Ossoinack claimed the right of self-determination for Fiume in the Hungarian parliament. In this capacity they were also allowed to represent Fiume at the Paris Peace Conference, 1919 on 3 March 1919, being presented as the "last deputy of Fiume at the Hungarian Parliament".
Ossoinack was a local entrepreneur with business and political contacts. They financed all the political organisation of Fiume including the autonomists of Maylender and Zanella. They spoke several languages and, having studied economics in London, was fluent in English.
Ossoinack came to the Conference with a Memorandum from the CNI expressing views similar to those presented in Budapest. The document begins with the statement that a profoundly unjust political system (the Habsburg Monarchy) founded on the principle of divide et impera had finally broken up, leading to the formation of several new states, including Fiume. It was stated that, "The State of Fiume is a living fact: none can deny it, as none can deny existence of a Hungary or of a Yugoslavia. Fiume exercises all the functions of State; this has been communicated to the governments of Europe and America; it freely develops all the functions of administration". On this basis a sovereign political body, a functioning state, had the right to be annexed to Italy, since this was the will of the majority of the population.
Ossoinack met with United States President Woodrow Wilson on 4 April 1919, a day after the meeting of the Council of Four where Wilson resolutely opposed Italian claims to Fiume. Wilson added also new requirements: self-determination in the eastern Adriatic area to produce economically viable outcomes. Ossoinack produced an economic-based argument for the annexation of Fiume to Italy, attempting to show that annexation was the best economic solution for Fiume. Openly they proclaimed that the free port was economically non-viable: they said it could have been made competitive only with lower operating costs. This was not the case; the port of Fiume prospered only because it was generously subsidised by the Hungarian government and this would end if it gained independence. Fiume needed a state prepared to invest in the city economy concerning the port. In their reply to Ossoinack, Wilson proposed that Fiume had to be proclaimed a Free State, as a new solution.
When the British delegate Balfour refused the project of annexing Fiume, the Italian delegation of Orlando and Sonnino left the conference in protest on 24 April 1919.
References
Ossoinack, Andrea. Perché Fiume dev'essere italiana, Fiume, 1919.
Ossoinack, Andrea. Perché Fiume deve essere Porto Franco, Fiume, 1922.
Further reading
1876 births
1965 deaths
Politicians from Rijeka
Hungarian politicians
1/8 or or ⅛ may refer to:
January 8 (month-day date notation)
1 August (day-month date notation)
the Fraction one eighth, 0.125 in decimal, and 12.5% in percentage
1st Battalion, 8th Marines
1s. 8d. i.e. 1 shilling and 8 (old) pence in UK pre-decimal currency = 20d. or 1⁄12 of a Pound sterling
See also
8th
Eighth (disambiguation)
8 (disambiguation)
Okta
Edward Rowe may refer to:
Edward Rowe Mores (1731–1778), English antiquarian and scholar
Edward Rowe (politician) (1902–1971), American senator
Edward Rowe Snow (1902–1982), American author and historian
Edward Rowe (actor) (born 1979), English actor
Edward Rowe (footballer) (born 2003), English footballer
The grey-crowned flatbill or grey-crowned flycatcher (Tolmomyias poliocephalus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in humid forest in the Amazon and Atlantic Forest in South America. It closely resembles the yellow-margined and yellow-olive flatbills, but its lower mandible is dark with a pale base. It is a fairly common bird with a wide range and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated it as "least concern".
Description
Tolmomyias flatbills are robust small birds with broad beaks. The grey-crowned flatbill is about long and has a generally yellowish-green plumage, a grey cap and nape, and a yellowish throat marked with grey. The iris is usually a pale colour and the mandible has a dark tip. Several species of flatbill overlap in their range and are easily confused with each other visually, but their songs are mostly distinctive. The grey-crowned flatbill's song is a series of whistles rising in pitch with the final whistle trembling – "tuee? tuee? TUEE? tuEEuEE? tuEEuEE?". The only other similar song in the genus is that of the yellow-margined flatbill (Tolmomyias assimilis) which has a more rasping quality; flatbills in this genus are difficult to tell apart and the voice is usually the best means of recognition. The stance of this species is more horizontal than other members of the genus, and it sometimes cocks its tail.
Distribution and habitat
The grey-crowned flatbill is native to the Amazon region of South America. Its range includes Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname and Venezuela. Its maximum altitudinal range extends to or locally higher. It generally inhabits the middle and upper canopy of the rainforest as well as forest edges, river valleys and tall secondary forest growth. The nest is shaped like a bag and has a tubular entrance near the base; it is often hung near a wasp nest.
Status
The grey-crowned flatbill has a very wide range in the Amazon rainforest and on the lower slopes on the eastern side of the Andes. It is said to be a fairly common species and its population trend may be declining slightly but not at a rate that would cause concern, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the grey-crowned flatbill
grey-crowned flatbill
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
grey-crowned flatbill
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Valeriana celtica is a species of plant in the family Caprifoliaceae. It is also known as Alpine valerian and valerian spikenard. It is endemic to the Eastern Alps (V. celtica subsp. norica) and to the Graian and Pennine Alps. It grows as a perennial herb tall. Along with Valeriana saxatilis and Valeriana elongata, it forms a clade of dioecious plants. Until the 1930s, it was extensively harvested for export to Asia for use in perfumes. The root has been used as a folk remedy as a nerve tonic.
Gallery
References
External links
celtica
Perfume ingredients
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Dioecious plants
Invisible Children, Inc., founded in 2004, is an organization to increase awareness of the activities of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) in Central Africa, and its leader, Joseph Kony. Specifically, the group seeks to put an end to the practices of the LRA, which include abductions and abuse of children, and forcing them to serve as soldiers. To this end, Invisible Children urges the United States government to take military action in the central region of Africa. Invisible Children also operates as a charitable organization, soliciting donations and selling merchandise to raise money for its cause. The organization promotes its cause by dispensing films on the internet and presenting in high schools and colleges around the United States.
When the organization was founded, the LRA was active in Uganda. The rebel group left Uganda in 2006 and continues to operate in the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Central African Republic, and South Sudan. Invisible Children advocated for the passing of the Lord's Resistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery Act, a piece of legislation which led to the deployment of 100 combat-equipped US soldiers to the region for the purpose of advising the local forces in tracking and capturing Joseph Kony. The United Nations Security Council met in November of that year to discuss the LRA. Internationally, journalists began to seek more information about the conditions in Central Africa at that time.
The group has received both praise and criticism for its methods. While the organization's films have won several awards, its use of funds, projection of facts, and support of the SPLA and the Uganda People's Defence Force have come into question as these two groups have been known to commit similar atrocities to those blamed on the LRA. In March 2012, Invisible Children began an online video campaign called Kony 2012, the purpose being to promote the charity's 'Stop Kony' movement to make indicted Ugandan war criminal Joseph Kony internationally known in order to arrest them in 2012.
Invisible Children underwent restructuring in late 2014. Foreign Policy in 2017 reported that Invisible Children had become closely connected with military operations, including intelligence gathering.
Background
In 1985, Ugandan dictator Apolo Milton Obote (28 December 1925 – 10 October 2005) was overthrown by their own military commanders. Although they were from the Lango ethnic group, the soldiers who made up their army were primarily from the Acholi region, in northern Uganda. They were replaced by Tito Okello (1914–1996), the president of Uganda who was Acholi. Okello was deposed in 1986 and the leader of the National Resistance Army, Yoweri Museveni became president, after questionable elections. The Acholi were resistant to the authority of the new president who "launched a brutal search-and-destroy mission against former government soldiers throughout the north, which swept up many innocent Acholi in its wake.
Several resistance groups emerged and most were put down, but the LRA survived. In the early 2000s, media attention was drawn to the region when thousands of children affected by the LRA activities took refuge in Gulu, Uganda. The government of Uganda forced the Acholi into "what were effectively concentration camps". These camps were ridden with disease and the inhabitants were not able to continue farming.
The attention the conditions in Uganda received revealed that over the previous 20 years the LRA was abducting children and using them as kadogo (child soldiers), a practice in which the Museveni government had also engaged. In 2005, an arrest warrant was issued for Joseph Kony by the International Criminal Court "for crimes against humanity and war crimes".
After failed peace negotiations with the Ugandan government in 2006, the LRA left Uganda retreating to southern Sudan, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and the Central African Republic, where they continued to "wreak havoc". In May 2010, President Barack Obama signed the "Lord's Resistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery Act". This law led to the deployment of US troops in the region in October 2011. Shortly thereafter, the United Nations Security Council met to discuss the LRA. Internationally, journalists set out to inform themselves about the conditions in the region.
History
With the intent to film a documentary about the War in Darfur, college students Jason Russell, Bobby Bailey, and Laren Poole traveled to Africa in 2003. Russell had recently graduated from film school at the University of Southern California, and after witnessing gunmen shoot at the truck in front of them while driving in northern Uganda, they discovered Joseph Kony and the Lord's Resistance Army. After the incident, the group decided instead to focus on the civil war affecting the region. After returning home to the United States, the group created a documentary titled Invisible Children: The Rough Cut, which aims to expose the plight of child soldiers and night commuters of northern Uganda. The film was originally shown to the group's friends and family, but eventually reached millions. The three believed that the world was unaware of the conditions in Uganda and the plight of the children they met there.
The young men set out on a mission to expose what they had witnessed in Uganda, screening their film at hundreds of high schools, colleges, and churches throughout the United States. In 2004 the group founded Invisible Children, Inc. as a non-profit charitable organization. They solicit donations and sell merchandise such as bracelets, T-shirts, and posters to raise money for their cause. The money they raise is used in part, to produce awareness films, and for humanitarian aid to northern Uganda.
In April 2007, the group organized an event called "Displace Me", in which 67,000 activists throughout the United States slept in the streets in makeshift cardboard villages, hoping to raise awareness about those displaced by the Ugandan government. Later in 2007, American rock band Fall Out Boy filmed a music video for the song "I'm Like a Lawyer with the Way I'm Always Trying to Get You Off (Me & You)" in Uganda after hearing of the organization's cause. Fall Out Boy originally intended to create a documentary-style film, but decided to focus on a love story between two Ugandan children, opining that the treatment "seemed a lot more dangerous and compelling. I mean, have you ever seen a love story between Ugandan people—especially with a rock band—on 'TRL'?" Invisible Children co-founder Bobby Bailey referred to the video as "groundbreaking".
Although the LRA left Uganda in 2006 after failed peace negotiations with the government, in March 2012, Invisible Children, Inc. continued to create new awareness programs. In May 2010, President Barack Obama signed the "Lord's Resistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery Act". Invisible Children was one of the advocacy groups that influenced the passing of the bill. Representatives of Invisible Children and other groups were present in the Oval Office when the President Barack Obama signed the law. The President told those in attendance "We have seen your reporting, your websites, your blogs, and your video postcards. You have made the plight of the children visible to us all."
In March 2012, Invisible Children began an internet video campaign called Kony 2012, the premise of which was to heighten awareness of the actions of Kony and the LRA in order to put further pressure on the U.S. government to intervene militarily in Central Africa. The campaign focused on "making Kony famous" in order to awaken people to their crimes and the pressure the government into military actions. The production value of the film was praised and it was suggested that the methodology used would be a trend in activism in the future. The video went viral, reaching more than 40 million views in three days after being tweeted by celebrities such as Rihanna, Oprah Winfrey, and Ryan Seacrest. Immediately following the release and success of the internet films in the Kony 2012 program, criticism of the organization's activities and finances surfaced.
Criticism
In an article analyzing why the Obama administration sent US troops to Central Africa in October, 2011, the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) criticized groups like Invisible Children for "manipulat[ing] facts for strategic purposes, exaggerating the scale of LRA abductions and murders". Resolve, one of Invisible Children's partner organizations, addressed the CFR's accusation as a "serious charge...published with no accompanying substantiation." Jedidiah Jenkins, the director of idea development for Invisible Children, asserted that the numbers of child abductions the charity uses "are often the same numbers as the ones used by Human Rights Watch and the United Nations".
The CFR article went on to say that organizations such as Invisible Children "rarely refer to the Ugandan atrocities or those of Sudan's People's Liberation Army." These ideas were echoed in the Huffington Post by Michael Deibert, author of Democratic Republic of Congo: Between Hope and Despair. Deibert further explained that the Ugandan government itself used child soldiers to gain power. The Washington Post brought up criticism of the organization for its role in the passing of the Lord's Resistance Army Disarmament and Northern Uganda Recovery Act. The law was designed to help bring peace and stability to the region, however, according to the article, "[Critics say] it has strengthened the hand of the Ugandan president, whose security forces have a human rights abuse record of their own". In response, Jenkins said, "If we had the purity to say we will not partner with anyone corrupt, we couldn't partner with anyone."
The organization has been criticized for oversimplifying a complex and multi-faceted issue. Of major concern is that US troops are already deployed in an operation that should be secret. The attention that is being brought the region now may actually do harm. It is assumed that Joseph Kabila, the President of the Congo, would not respond favorably to foreign troops crossing their borders. For this reason, the attention that the Kony 2012 film is bringing could incite violence. "If you want to catch Kony, I can't think of a dumber thing to do", said Africa expert Peter Pham. Following the release of the film Kony 2012, the group asserted that it hoped to explain the conflict in "an easily understandable format", with CEO Ben Keesey adding that "There are few times where problems are black and white. There's lots of complicated stuff in the world, but Joseph Kony and what he's doing is black and white."
Scrutiny of the distribution of the organization's funds have also emerged, specifically due to information reported by charity watch group Charity Navigator. Charity Navigator currently has Invisible Children rated three out of four stars overall (two out of four in the category of "financial" and four out of four in the category of "accountability and transparency"). Other critics claimed that the group spends most of the money they collect from their charity on staff salaries and "making films that attract much publicity, but don't do much to help people on the ground." The organization responded to critiques of its spending by providing a breakdown of its finances on its website, which claimed that 80.46% of its money raised was spent on "its mission", with 16% going to administration and management costs.
Another focus for criticism of the organization has been a photograph of the three founders holding weapons and posing with armed members of the SPLA. Invisible Children responded on their website with founder Jason Russell explaining that it was a joke photo taken at the 2008 Juba peace talks in the Democratic Republic of the Congo that would have been "funny to bring back to our friends and family". Glenna Gordon, the photographer who took the picture, is not associated with the organization and was on assignment for the Associated Press at the time. Gordon explained the context of the photograph as the Invisible Children founders being bored at the stalled peace talks and deciding to have some fun posing with weapons and SPLA members. Gordon later published a story about what they saw as their questionable practices.
A documentary made by Jean-Baptiste Renaud, aired on Arte, claimed multiple issues concerning the aims and methods of Invisible Children. It was alleged that the NGO cooperated with the Army of Uganda by monitoring rebel movements and collecting reconnaissance from remote villages via radio. The filmmakers further alleged that the organization deliberately named a former local supporter as a coup plotter, leading to their arrest and torture at the hand of the state. Additionally, the claim of the organization being a grassroots movement was questioned by the filmmakers by exposing numerous financial links with US evangelical fundamentalists.
Awards
In 2007, Progressive Source Awards, awarded Invisible Children's TRI podcast as the Best Fundraising
In 2008, Invisible Children was awarded the Human Security Award.
In 2008, Invisible Children was awarded the People's Voice Webby Award.
In 2008, Invisible Children received an award from the American Advertising Federation.
In 2008, Invisible Children received one of the Summit Awards, specifically in the category of Summit Creative Award, for its Schools for Schools website and its Displace Me website.
In 2009, in collaboration with Digitaria, Invisible Children received an award for The Rescue website from the Interactive Media Awards.
In 2009, Invisible Children was nominated for the Think Social Award.
In 2010 and 2011, Invisible Children won the Stay Classy Award for Most Effective Awareness Campaign.
In 2011, The LRA Crisis Tracker (a joint project between Invisible Children, Resolve, and Digitaria) was awarded Best in Show at the 2011 MediaPost Creative Media Awards.
In 2013, Kony 2012 was awarded "Digital Campaign of the Year" under Interactive Awards at SXSW.
Filmography
The organization's founding was catalyzed by Invisible Children, the documentary that the founders filmed and edited in 2003.
References
External links
Invisible Children
501(c)(3) organizations
Invisible Children
Non-profit organizations based in San Diego
Organizations established in 2004
2004 establishments in California
Organizations for child soldiers
Nga Sơn is a township () and capital of Nga Sơn District, Thanh Hóa Province, Vietnam.
References
Populated places in Thanh Hóa province
District capitals in Vietnam
Townships in Vietnam
In enzymology, a trans-2-decenoyl-[acyl-carrier protein] isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
trans-dec-2-enoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] cis-dec-3-enoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein]
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, [[trans-dec-2-enoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein]]], and one product, [[cis-dec-3-enoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein]]].
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases transposing C=C bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is decenoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] Delta2-trans-Delta3-cis-isomerase. Other names in common use include beta-hydroxydecanoyl thioester dehydrase, trans-2-cis-3-decenoyl-ACP isomerase, trans-2,cis-3-decenoyl-ACP isomerase, trans-2-decenoyl-ACP isomerase, and FabM.
References
Neidhardt, F.C. (Ed.), Escherichia coli and Salmonella: Cellular and Molecular Biology, 2nd ed., vol. 1, ASM Press, Washington, DC, 1996, p. 612-636.
EC 5.3.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
"No Spare Parts" is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones, featured as a bonus track on the 2011 re-release of their 1978 album Some Girls. It is one of twelve previously unreleased songs that appear on the reissue, and features newly recorded vocals from Mick Jagger. The song reached number 2 on Billboards Hot Singles chart.
A music video for the song was released on 19 December 2011 and was directed by Mat Whitecross.
Personnel
Mick Jagger – vocals, electric piano, percussion
Ronnie Wood – pedal steel guitar
Keith Richards – acoustic guitar, piano, background vocals
Bill Wyman – bass guitar
Charlie Watts – drums
References
1978 songs
The Rolling Stones songs
Songs written by Jagger–Richards
Song recordings produced by Jagger–Richards
2011 singles
Universal Music Group singles
Music videos directed by Mat Whitecross
Iron Jawed Angels is a 2004 American historical drama film directed by Katja von Garnier. The film stars Hilary Swank as suffragist leader Alice Paul, Frances O'Connor as activist Lucy Burns, Julia Ormond as Inez Milholland, and Anjelica Huston as Carrie Chapman Catt. It received critical acclaim after the film premiered at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival.
The film focuses on the American women's suffrage movement during the 1910s and follows women's suffrage leaders Alice Paul and Lucy Burns as they use peaceful and effective nonviolent strategies, tactics, and dialogues to revolutionize the American feminist movement to grant women the right to vote. The film was released in the United States on February 15, 2004.
Plot
Alice Paul and Lucy Burns return from England where they met while participating in the Women's Social and Political Union started by radical suffragette leader Emmeline Pankhurst and led by their daughter Christabel Pankhurst. The pair presents a plan to the National American Woman's Suffrage Association (NAWSA) to campaign directly in Washington D.C. for national voting rights for women. They find that their ideas are too forceful for the established suffragist leaders in the U.S., particularly Carrie Chapman Catt, but they are allowed to lead the NAWSA Congressional Committee in D.C. They start by organizing the 1913 Woman Suffrage Procession on the eve of President Woodrow Wilson's inauguration.
While soliciting donations at an art gallery, Paul convinces labor lawyer Inez Milholland to lead the parade on a white horse. Paul also meets a Washington newspaper political cartoonist, Ben Weissman (a fictional character), and there are hints of romantic overtones. In a fictional scene, Paul tries to explain to Ida B. Wells why they want African American women to march in the back of the parade in order to not anger southern Democrats and activists, but Wells refuses, and they come out of the crowd to join a white group during the middle of the parade. After disagreements over fundraising, Paul and Burns are forced out of the NAWSA, and they found the National Woman's Party (NWP) to support their approach. Alice Paul briefly explores a romantic relationship with Ben Weissman.
Further conflicts within the movement are portrayed as NAWSA leaders criticize NWP tactics, such as protesting against Wilson, and their sustained picketing outside of the White House in the Silent Sentinels action. Relations between the American government and the NWP protesters also intensify, as many women are arrested for their actions and charged with "obstructing traffic."
The arrested women are sent to the Occoquan Workhouse for 60-day terms. Despite abusive and terrorizing treatment, Paul and other women undertake a hunger strike, during which paid guards force-feed them milk and raw eggs. The suffragists are blocked from seeing visitors or lawyers, until (fictional) U.S. Senator Tom Leighton visits their wife Emily, one of the imprisoned women. News of their treatment leaks to the media after Emily secretly passes a letter to their husband during their visit. Paul, Burns, and the other women are released.
Pressure continues to be put on President Wilson as the NAWSA joins in the NWP call for passage of the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. Wilson finally accedes to the pressure rather than be called out in the international press for fighting for democracy in Europe while denying democracy's benefits to half of the U.S. population. During the amendment's ratification, Harry T. Burn, a member of the Tennessee legislature, receives a telegram from their mother at the last minute, changes their vote, and the amendment passes.
Origin of title
The film derives its title from Massachusetts Representative Joseph Walsh, who in 1917 opposed the creation of a committee to deal with women's suffrage. Walsh thought the creation of a committee would be yielding to "the nagging of iron-jawed angels" and referred to the Silent Sentinels as "bewildered, deluded creatures with short skirts and short hair." The use of steel holding open the jaws of the women being force-fed after the Silent Sentinel arrests and hunger strike is also a plot point in the film.
Cast
Fictional characters
The fictional characters in the film are Ben Weissman; their child; Emily Leighton; and Senator Tom Leighton.
Reception
Critical response
Film critic Richard Roeper gave the film a positive review, writing, "Iron Jawed Angels is an important history lesson told in a fresh, and blazing fashion." Scott Faundas of Variety gave the film a negative review, writing, "HBO's starry suffragette drama, Iron Jawed Angels, latches on to a worthy historical subject and then hopes noble intentions will be enough to carry the day. Alas, there's no such luck in this talky, melodramatic overview of the dawn of equal rights for women in America. Gussied up with a comically anachronistic use of period music on the soundtrack and flashy, MTV-style montage sequences, pic misguidedly strives – but ultimately fails – to belie its instincts as an assembly-line movie-of-the-week."
Robert Pardi of TV Guide gave a mixed review, "All the elements for a splendid film about the early days of the women's rights are in place, but director Katja von Garnier's use of distracting cinematic trickery and jarringly modern music meshes poorly with the period setting... Blessed with a flawless physical production, von Garnier distorts their epic tale with music that belongs on a Lilith Fair tour; it sometimes feels as though they and their writers conceived the fight for women's suffrage as a 1912 version of Sex and the City. Only when the anachronisms finally subside in the film's final third is the moving core is allowed to shine."
Historians have been critical about the movie for several reasons. Director Katja von Garnier created a 21st-century soundtrack and remade the early 20th-century suffragists into "third-wave" feminists that would be more familiar to modern audiences. The depiction of Alice Paul's sexuality in the film had no basis in historic fact; Paul was single-minded in their devotion to winning suffrage for women. There is no evidence they had a sexually intimate relationship with anyone, male or female. The movie even creates a fictional character to play a love interest for Paul, cartoonist Ben Weissman. This suggests that Paul needed the assistance of a newspaperman to get publicity for their activist campaign, when in reality, Paul was a highly talented publicist in their own right.
The film was also portrayed Paul welcoming Ida B. Wells-Barnett with a smile when Wells-Barnett joined the procession from the mass of spectators along the route. This never happened in reality, and was perhaps the director's attempt to soften the event's racist aspect. Paul marched in the college section in their cap and gown, not with the Illinois delegation that Wells-Barnett joined. Wells-Barnett marched with two white Illinois women who had supported their right to march with the state delegation: Belle Squire and Virginia Brooks.
Accolades
The film was nominated for five awards at 56th Primetime Emmy Awards, none of which were won; three awards at the 62nd Golden Globe Awards, winning one; and two awards at the 9th Golden Satellite Awards, winning one. Anjelica Huston won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film and the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film for their performance in the film.
See also
Shoulder to Shoulder (1974 series)
Suffragette (2015 film)
Suffs (2022 musical)
Notes
References
External links
2004 films
2000s historical drama films
Films about activists
Films about Quakers
2000s feminist films
HBO Films films
Progressive Era in the United States
National Woman's Party
Alice Paul
Films directed by Katja von Garnier
American historical drama films
Films scored by Reinhold Heil
Films scored by Johnny Klimek
2004 drama films
Films set in the 1910s
American drama television films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Punctum randolphi is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Punctidae, the dot snails.
Shell description
The diameter of the shell of Punctum randolphi is between 1.25 and 1.4 mm wide. The exterior surface has a very faint sculpture of radial striae. The aperture of Punctum randolphi is wide and somewhat oblique. The umbilicus is small and deep.
Distribution
Punctum randolphi is found in North America, in British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, and Idaho.
References
Punctidae
Gastropods described in 1895
Joakim Nyström was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Emilio Sánchez won the title, defeating Ricki Osterthun 6–1, 6–3 in the final.
Seeds
Miloslav Mečíř (quarterfinals)
Heinz Günthardt (first round)
Tomáš Šmíd (second round)
Kent Carlsson (quarterfinals)
Emilio Sánchez (champion)
Broderick Dyke (first round)
Sergio Casal (first round)
Libor Pimek (second round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1986 BMW Open draw
Singles
Coccothrinax orientalis is a palm which is endemic to eastern Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. orientalis to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
orientalis
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
In population genetics, typostrophic variation is the type of genetic variation found in peripherally isolated populations. Variation of this kind is heterogeneous, due to factors such as geographic isolation and inbreeding. In 1954, Ernst Mayr wrote a landmark paper developing the idea that subspecies in typostophic populations lead to formation of incipient species. According to Mayr, species formation rarely occurred in populations which were exemplified by ecotypic variation.
Notes
Population genetics
Kingston This Week is a community advertising flyer that publishes once a week in the Kingston, Ontario region. The tabloid has a circulation of 48,500 every Thursday and is delivered directly to homes.
History
The flyer has been distributed to homes in the community of 132,000 since the early 1970s, when it began as the Kingston News, was renamed the Shoppers News and then, with an expanded editorial department, became Kingston This Week by 1980.
The flyer features local people, events and points of interest; providing news, features and sports coverage as a platform for advertising.
See also
List of newspapers in Canada
External links
The Kingston This Week Official Website
Postmedia Network publications
Weekly newspapers published in Ontario
Newspapers published in Kingston, Ontario
Publications with year of establishment missing
GDJ may refer to:
Gandajika Airport, Democratic Republic of the Congo
Granbury Regional Airport, Texas, United States
Gurdjar language
In ecology, an ideal free distribution (IFD) is a theoretical way in which a population individuals distribute themselves among several patches of resources within their environment, in order to minimize resource competition and maximize fitness. The theory states that the number of individual animals that will aggregate in various patches is proportional to the amount of resources available in each. For example, if patch A contains twice as many resources as patch B, there will be twice as many individuals foraging in patch A as in patch B.
The term "ideal" implies that animals are aware of each patch's quality, and they choose to forage in the patch with the highest quality. The term "free" implies that animals are capable of moving unhindered from one patch to another. Although these assumptions are not always upheld in nature, there are still many experiments that have been performed in support of IFD, even if populations naturally deviate between patches before reaching IFD. IFD theory can still be used to analyze foraging behaviors of animals, whether those behaviors support IFD, or violate it.
Assumptions and predictions
The ideal free distribution theory is based on several assumptions and predictions as indicated below;
Assumptions
1) Each available patch has an individual quality that is determined by the amount of resources available in each patch. Given that there is not yet any competition in each patch, individuals can assess the quality of each patch based merely on the resources available.
2) Individuals are free to move to the highest quality patch. However, this can be violated by dominant individuals within a species who may keep a weaker individual from reaching the ideal patch.
3) Individuals are aware of the value of each patch so that they can choose the ideal patch.
4) Increasing the number of individuals in a given patch reduces the quality of that patch, through either increased scramble competition or increased interference competition.
5) All individuals are competitively equal, so they are all equally able to forage and choose the ideal patch.
Predictions
Once the assumptions are met, IFD theory predicts that a population of individuals will distribute themselves equally among patches with the same intrinsic value. Various deviations may occur initially, but eventually the patches will accommodate the number of individuals that is proportional to the amount of resources they each contain. In this case, patches of equal intrinsic value allow for the same number of individuals in each patch. At this point, the state of the individuals is referred to as Nash equilibrium. Once the individuals are in Nash equilibrium, any migration to a different patch will be disadvantageous since all individuals obtain the same benefits.
For patches with unequal innate values, or intrinsic values, we can still apply the same distribution principle. However, it is predicted that the number of individuals in each patch will differ, as the amount of resources in each patch will be unequal. They will still reach Nash equilibrium despite the fact that there is an unequal number of competitors in each patch. This equilibrium is demonstrated as the red line in Figure 1, where the feeding rate is the same for all individuals even though there are 5 individuals in Patch A and 8 individuals in Patch B. From the figure, we can infer that the first 6 foragers settle in Patch B due to its greater intrinsic quality, but the increased competition causes the lesser quality Patch A to be more beneficial for the seventh individual. This figure is depicting the habitat matching effect, through which the ratio of individuals at the patches corresponds to the ratio of resources available in those patches.
Support
Experimental data
Anelosimus eximius, a species of social spiders, live together cooperatively and build large web communities. Number of insects caught decreases with increasing population due to surface area scaling, but prey mass increased due to larger webs. At intermediate population size of 1000, prey biomass per capita was maximized. The results correspond to observed results of population size and ecological conditions- areas that lack larger insects have smaller spider communities.
Bumblebees distribute themselves systematically so that there was an equalization of gain per flower (the currency) in flowers of different nectar production. Bees were also distributed proportionally based on plant density and differential nectar distribution. In Selous wild dogs, observed pack size did not agree with results of daily per capita food intake. However, when factoring in distance traveled to hunt into the currency, observed pack size was close to optimal.
Unequal competitors
The ideal free distribution hypothesis assumes that all individuals are equal in competitive abilities. However, there is experimental evidence that demonstrates that even when the competitive abilities, or weights, of individuals in a population differ, the ideal free distribution is still mostly upheld as long as these differences are accounted for. In accounting for this variety of competitive weights, animals distribute such that their competitive weights in each habitat match the proportion of resources present there. For example, in one experiment goldfish differing in competitive ability behaved in a way that maximized their intake rate relative to their competitive weight. Since the mean rank of fish in a site varied inversely with the total number of fish in both the high resource density site and the low resource density site, there was no correlation between competitive ability and time spent at the higher resource density site. As expected in an ideally distributed population of goldfish of different competitive abilities, the intake rate of each competitive weight did not differ between the sites.
Additionally, foraging behavior in coho salmon does not uphold ideal free distribution predicted by the equal competitors model, but does uphold ideal free distribution with the inclusion of competitive inequalities. In other words, the distribution of the number of fish was significantly different from the distribution of the competitive weights. When exposed to a poor patch and a good patch, the fish distributed such that the payoffs per unit of competitive weight were the same at both patches. This experiment demonstrates that the incorporation of competitive weights into habitat selection can improve predictions of animal distributions.
In another example, competition between sugarbeet root aphid stem mothers for galling sites on the leaves of Populus angustifolia has also been shown to generally follow the Ideal Free Distribution. After hatching in the spring, female aphids compete with each other for galling sites closest to the stems of the largest leaves. Both settling on a smaller leaf and sharing a leaf with another aphid reduce a stem mother's reproductive success, but the aphids settle in such a way that the average reproductive success for individuals on leaves with one, two, or three galls is the same. However, reproductive success is unequal within the same leaf, and stem mothers that settle closer to the base of the leaf have higher fitness than those that settle distally.
Variations in competitive abilities of individuals in a given population also tend to result in several different possible Nash equilibrium distributions that each maintains ideal free distribution. For example, if good competitors forage twice as well as poor competitors, a possible scenario upholding IFD would be for four good competitors and eight poor competitors to forage at a given site, each gaining the same net payoff per unit of competitive weight. Additional combinations upholding IFD could exist as well. Even when individuals move between patches in a suboptimal fashion, this distribution of possible equilibria is unaffected.
Shortcomings
Though the Ideal Free Distribution can be used to explain the behaviors of several species, it is not a perfect model. There remain many situations in which the IFD does not accurately predict the behavioral outcome.
Deviation from the IFD
As an optimal foraging model, the Ideal Free Distribution predicts that the ratio of individuals between two foraging sites will match the ratio of resources in those two sites. This prediction is similar to the Matching Law of individual choice, which states that an individual's rate of response will be proportional to the positive reinforcement that individual receives for that response. So an animal will go to the patch that provides the most benefits to them.
However, this prediction assumes that each individual will act on its own. It does not hold for situations involving group choice, which is an example of social behavior. In 2001, Kraft et al. performed an experiment that tested the IFD's predictions of group choice using humans. This experiment involved groups of participants choosing between blue and red cards in order to earn points towards prizes. When the groups' choice of cards was graphed in relation to the ratios between the points, the slopes demonstrated some undermatching, which is a deviation from the Matching Law. Undermatching is the situation when the ratio of foragers between two patches (in this case, how many people picked each card) is less than the ratio of resources between the two patches (the points each card is worth). The results show that the IFD could not predict the outcome. However, they also show that it is possible to apply the Ideal Free Distribution to group choice, if that group choice is motivated by the individuals' tendencies to maximize positive reinforcement.
Experimental data not in support of IFD
It is important to keep in mind that IFD does rely on the assumptions previously stated and that all of these qualities are probably not met in the wild. Some believe that tests of IFD are not executed properly and therefore yield results that appear to follow the prediction but in reality do not. This causes animal behaviorists to be split in opinions of whether IFD is a true phenomenon or not.
In experiments that test the predictions of IFD, most often there tends to be more individuals in the least profitable patch and a shortage at the richest patch. This distribution is found across species of insects, fish and birds. However, modifications to the original assumptions have been made and are implemented in experiments involving IFD.
One experiment displayed this violation of IFD in stickleback fish. They saw that the actual observations and the ones stated by IFD were not congruent. More fish tended to disperse in the patch with less daphnia (the sought after food source) and the more abundant patch had a shortage of visitors. Cichlid fish also displayed the same subtle difference in predicted vs. actual dispersal numbers in relation to resources.
Kennedy and Gray utilized the matching law in order to reanalyze IFD experiments. When psychologists perform tests of this law, they use more sensitive measures to account for deviation from strict matching relationships. Kennedy and Gray utilize this method to test the validity of previous IFD experiments. Using this analysis, they can account for under-matching when the distribution is less extreme than the resource rate. When one patch is seen to have more preference over another, bias in the resource ratio is taken into consideration. These two matching relationships are assessed by a regression of the log ratio of the numbers at each site against the log ratio of resources at the site.
The results they found do not support IFD predictions and some take this outcome to mean that the current model is too simple. Animal behaviorists have proposed a modification to the model that denotes an ultimate outcome of a population always having more individuals on the least profitable site and less on the more resource abundant site. Knowledge of the competitive interactions, effects of travel between sites, number of animals in population, perceptual abilities of these animals, and the relative and absolute resource availability on each patch is required to accurately predict the distribution of a foraging population.
See also
Behavioural ecology
Marginal value theorem
Optimal foraging theory
Xylocopa sonorina (organism, bee, that exhibits Ideal Free Distribution)
References
External links
The ideal free distribution when the resource is variable – Introduction
Population Ecology of Individuals chapter on Whitham's 1980 study regarding aphids and the ideal free distribution.
Population ecology
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1534.
Events
July 20 – Cambridge University Press is granted a royal charter by King Henry VIII of England to print "all manner of books" and becomes the first of the privileged presses.
unknown dates
Luther Bible: Martin Luther's Biblia: das ist die gantze Heilige Schrifft Deudsch, a translation of the complete Bible into German is printed by Hans Lufft in Wittenberg, including woodcut illustrations.
Rabbi Asher Anchel's Mirkevet ha-Mishneh (a Tanakh concordance) becomes the first book printed in Yiddish (in Kraków).
New books
Anthony Fitzherbert – La Novelle Natura Brevium
François Rabelais (as Alcofribas Nasier) – Gargantua (La vie très horrifique du grand Gargantua, père de Pantagruel)
Polydore Vergil – Historia Anglica
Juan Luis Vives – De conscribendis epistolis
Syed Shah Israil – Maʿdan al-Fawāʾid in Persian
Poetry
Births
April 18 – William Harrison, clergyman and writer (died 1593)
October 18 – Jean Passerat, poet and satirist (died 1602)
Deaths
November 23 – Otto Brunfels, German botanist and theologian (born 1488)
Unknown dates
Cesare Magni, Italian printer
Wynkyn de Worde, Lotharingian-born English printer
References
1534
1534 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
Roger Diercken (born 9 February 1939) is a Belgian former racing cyclist. They won the Tour de Pologne in 1960. They were born in Tielen, their profession is a postal worker.
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclists from Antwerp Province
People from Kasterlee
The following plants have leaves that are lyrate:
Arabidopsis lyrata
Berlandiera lyrata
Ficus lyrata
Leibnitzia lyrata
Paysonia lyrata
Quercus lyrata
Salvia lyrata
Saussurea costus
Lists of plants
Leaves
The vice-president of Tanzania holds the second-highest political office in the United Republic of Tanzania. The vice president runs on a single ticket with the President of Tanzania, and ranks first in the presidential line of succession.
Per Article 37 of the Constitution of Tanzania, if the president dies, resigns, is permanently incapacitated, or is disqualified, the vice-president ascends to the presidency for the balance of the term. Under Article 40, a vice-president who ascends to the presidency in this manner is eligible to run for two full terms in their own right if there are fewer than three years remaining in the five-year term. If the vice-president ascends with more than three years remaining, they are only eligible for one full term.
For example, when Samia Suluhu became the first vice-president to directly ascend to the presidency, they did so only one year after being reelected as the running mate of their predecessor, John Magufuli. While they would be eligible to run for a full term in 2025, if they won they would have to leave office in 2030.
List of vice-presidents of Tanzania
After the union between Tanganyika and the People's Republic of Zanzibar and Pemba to form the United Republic of Tanzania in 1964, Tanzania had two vice-presidents, First and Second until the creation of a single office in 1995.
See also
President of Tanzania
References
External links
Official website
Politics of Tanzania
Tanzania
1964 establishments in Tanzania
Thomas Davidson (7 July 1838 in Oxnam, near Oxnam Water, a tributary of the River Teviot – 29 April 1870 in Bank End, Jedburgh) was a Scottish poet born to parents from Northumberland, England.
Life
Thomas's education was at a number of village schools then - after showing an early interest in reading and poetry-writing - from 1854 at the Nest Academy at Jedburgh and from 1855 to 1859 at the University of Edinburgh. At university, in 1859, they won second prize in rhetoric for Ariadne at Naxos, a poem sent to William Makepeace Thackeray by one of Thomas's friends and published in the Cornhill Magazine's December issue the following year.
After university, in 1859, Thomas acted on their early callings to the Christian ministry and began the first of the United Presbyterian Church's prescribed five autumnal sessions of the theology course, and was licensed as a preacher on 2 February 1864. They continued to write poetry in this time (working as an assistant schoolmaster at Forres and in Dr Douglas's School, Edinburgh), with some works published in The Scotsman. In accordance with church regulations, they spent the first years of their ministry travelling widely to preach at various Scottish, English and Irish churches, and what they experienced on their travels inspired several more poems. These included the humorous ‘Yang-Tsi-Kiang', which became popular as a student song and was used by Thomas Carlyle's supporters in their bid to become lord rector of the university. However, Davidson caught a cold in June 1866 which had a severe effect on their health and they were forced to retire to Jedburgh in December that year. During their 4-year recuperation they wrote more mournful songs like the love ballad "Myspie's Den" and "Auld Ash Tree", and continued to be published in The Scotsman, but never fully recovered and died of TB on 29 April 1870 at Bank End, Jedburgh. They were buried at Jedburgh's new cemetery.
Reception
James Brown, Minister of St. James' Street Church in Paisley, wrote a memoir of Davidson in 1877, and this included republication of some of Davidson's poems.
Notes
External links
DNB entry for Thomas Davidson
C. Rogers, The modern Scottish minstrel, or, The songs of Scotland of the past half-century, 6 vols. (1855–7)
1838 births
1870 deaths
19th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish Presbyterian ministers
Scottish poets
People from the Scottish Borders
Anglo-Scots
Tuberculosis deaths in Scotland
English male poets
19th-century English poets
19th-century English male writers
The Santuario de la Cueva Santa, also called la cueva del Latonero, is a Roman Catholic cave-chapel in Altura, Spain. It was made into a chapel by shepherds.
References
Caves of Spain
Landforms of the Valencian Community
South Fremantle Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in Fremantle, Western Australia. The club plays in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL) and the WAFL Women's (WAFLW), commonly going by the nickname the Bulldogs. Since its founding, the club has won 14 WAFL premierships, the most recent of them in 2020.
Founded in 1900 after disbanding the successful but debt-burdened Fremantle Football Club (not related to the AFL Dockers entity), the club enjoyed its most successful era in the immediate decade following the end of the Second World War, winning six premierships, including a hat-trick from 1952 to 1954.
South Fremantle has a long-standing rivalry with cross-town WAFL club , a fixture commonly referred to as the Fremantle Derby. The club has played at its home ground, Fremantle Oval, from inception and were co-tenants with East Fremantle until 1952, when the Sharks moved to East Fremantle Oval. From the beginning, Souths adopted the club colours red and white, first adding the iconic front vee to its playing jumper in 1928.
For a club with a history of over 120 years, South Fremantle does not yet boast a footballer who has played 300 or more senior League games in the red and white guernsey. The club is also recognized for its significant contribution of players who hail from Indigenous Australian, Italian and Croatian heritage.
History
The Fremantle Football Club (originally known as Unions and unrelated to either an earlier club and the current AFL club of the same name) had won ten premierships in the fourteen years that they were in the WA Football Association (now known as the West Australian Football League). By 1899, however, the club suffered from financial problems that caused the club to disband. The South Fremantle Football Club was formed to take their place following an application to the league by Griff John, who would be appointed secretary of the new club, with Tom O'Beirne the inaugural president. Most players, however, were from the defunct Fremantle club.
The new club did well in its first year, finishing runners-up. However, over the next three seasons the performance fell away badly and, in April 1904 a Fremantle newspaper confidently reported that South Fremantle would not appear again. However, the club decided to carry on and centreman Harry Hodge took over as skipper, but the season was a disaster. The club won only one game.
They won their first premiership in 1916 and went back-to-back in 1917, both times defeating their local rivals, East Fremantle in the final and challenge final. The 1930s were not as successful, marred by the death of the 23-year-old captain-coach Ron Doig as a result of injuries sustained in a match. After World War II, South experienced their greatest era, with the arrival of future Hall of Fame members Steve Marsh, Bernie Naylor, John Todd and Clive Lewington. Between 1945 and 1956 they would win six premierships, be runners-up three times and make the finals in every season. Since then, however, they have won six more premierships, in 1970, 1980, 1997, 2005, 2009 and 2020.
South Fremantle was the first WAFL club to have won 10 grand finals since World War II. Four of their 14 premierships were won against the club's traditional rivals, East Fremantle. The club completed a rare double in 2009, claiming both the league and reserves premierships.
This was the first time the club had taken the Premiership double since 1954.
In 2020 the club received a license to field a team in the WAFL Women's league.
Fremantle Derby
The Fremantle Derby, is traditionally one of the biggest game of the year on the WAFL calendar. The derbies still have a great following but have decreased in importance compared to the Western Derby, the match between WA's two AFL teams.
The Foundation Day derby on the first Monday in June (a public holiday to mark the Foundation of Western Australia in 1829) is commonly the highest attended game of the home and away season. To the end of the 2006 season the two clubs had met 344 times with South Fremantle winning 156 to East Fremantle's 184 wins, 4 Draws have occurred between the two sides.
The club
Club guernsey & colours
South Fremantle's Guernsey (shown right) used for all WAFL matches is all white with a red V in the centre of the guernsey. During the 1990s they also introduced the reverse of the traditional guernsey with a white V on a red jumper. The South Fremantle colours of red & white stem from the first Fremantle based team who wore red and white in the mid-1880s.
Supporters
South Fremantle are one of the most supported clubs in the WAFL.
South hold three notable WAFL Grand Final attendance records, 1979 v East Fremantle, 52,781, the highest ever attendance at a WAFL Grand Final, 1975 v West Perth, 52,322, the second highest ever Grand Final attendance and 1989 v Claremont, 38,198, the highest ever Grand Final attendance in the post AFL period.
On Foundation Day v East Fremantle at East Fremantle Oval, South played in front of the biggest crowd of the 2009 WAFL home and away season 11,300.
Souths average attendance at home and away fixtures is 3000, which is amongst the highest for the WAFL.
Club song
"We're the Bulldogs" is the theme song of the South Fremantle Football Club, played as the league team comes to the field at home and away games, and after a victory.
We are the mighty bulldogs
Always fighting on
With victory and flag our goal
With guts and determination
We put the rest to shame
Because our fighting spirit wins the game.
We're the bulldogs (yes we are)
And we're the greatest (yes we are)
The mighty red 'v' which stands for victory
The rough tough bulldogs (yes we are)
South Fremantle (yes we are)
The southerners for ever more
Down by the port of Fremantle
We hit them really hard
With true grit and courage we win
So come on Souths let's show them
How to play the game to win
South Fremantle for ever more
We're the bulldogs (yes we are)
And we're the greatest (yes we are)
The mighty red 'v' which stands for victory
The rough tough bulldogs (yes we are)
South Fremantle (yes we are)
The southerners for ever more.
Honours
Club honours
Individual honours
Sandover medallists: (11 total) 1928: Jack Rocchi, 1937: Frank Jenkins, 1947: Clive Lewington, 1952: Steve Marsh, 1955: John Todd, 1980: Stephen Michael, 1981: Stephen Michael, 1986: Mark Bairstow, 1989: Craig Edwards, 2005: Toby McGrath, 2017: Haiden Schloithe
Tassie Medallists: (2 total) 1983: Stephen Michael, 1984: Brad Hardie
All Australians: (6 total) 1953: Steve Marsh, 1956: John Gerovich & Cliff Hillier, 1961: John Todd, 1972: Brian Ciccotosto, 1983: Stephen Michael 1983
Bernie Naylor Medallists: (21 total) Harvey (Duff) Kelly (50) 1905; George (Snowy) Thomas (31) 1910; Bonny Campbell (47) 1922; Sol Lawn (75) 1928 & (96) 1929; Bernie Naylor (131) 1946, (108) 1947, 91 (1948), (147) 1952, (167) 1953, (133) 1954; John Gerovich (74) 1956, (101) 1960 & (74) 1961; Ray Bauskis (108) 1977 & (82) 1978; Craig Edwards (54) 1992; Jon Dorotich (88) 1996 & (114) 1997; Zane Parsons (65) 2002; Ben Saunders (66) 2012 & (59) 2014 & (52) 2016
Records
Highest Score: Round 21, 1981 – 40.18 (258) vs. West Perth at Fremantle Oval
Lowest Score: Round 5, 1904 – 0.4 (4) vs. East Fremantle at Fremantle Oval
Greatest Winning Margin: Round 3, 1999 – 195 points vs. Peel at Fremantle Oval
Greatest Losing Margin: Round 1, 1944 – 256 points vs. East Perth at Perth Oval
Most Games: Marty Atkins 266
Most Goals: Bernie Naylor 1,023 (1941, 1946–1954)
Longest winning streak (league): 17 games from Round 2, 1953 to Round 18, 1953
Longest losing streak (league): 18 games from Round 4, 1987 to Round 21, 1987
Most goals in a season: 167 by Bernie Naylor in 1953
Most goals in a game: 23 by Bernie Naylor vs. Subiaco in 1953
Record Home Attendance: Round 10, 1979 – 23,109 vs. East Fremantle
Record Finals Attendance: 1979 Grand Final – 52,781 vs East Fremantle at Subiaco Oval [ The Highest Ever WAFL Game Attendance Record]
Notable players and coaches
Australian Football Hall of Fame
Ten former South Fremantle players have been inducted in the Australian Football Hall of Fame. Stephen Michael was the first to be inducted in 1999. Steve Marsh and Peter Matera were both in inducted in 2006 followed by Glen Jakovich in 2008, Hassa Mann in 2013, Peter Bell in 2015, Maurice Rioli and Ray Sorrell in 2016 and Bernie Naylor in 2018. John Todd was inducted in the coaches category in 2003.
West Australian Football Hall of Fame
With the exception of Hassa Mann, each of the South Fremantle players in the Australian Football Hall of Fame is also an inductee in the West Australian Football Hall of Fame, with Marsh, Todd and Michael awarded legends status.
Inaugural inductees (2004): Nashy Brentnall, Mal Brown, Bonny Campbell, John Gerovich, Brad Hardie, Ross Hutchinson, Frank Jenkins, Clive Lewington, Steve Marsh, Stephen Michael, Bernie Naylor, Maurice Rioli, Ray Sorrell, John Todd, John Worsfold
2005 Inductee: Peter Sumich
2006 Inductees: Peter Matera, Charlie Tyson
2008 Inductees: Dave Ingraham, Glen Jakovich, George Grljusich
2009 Inductee: Nicky Winmar
2010 Inductees: Mark Bairstow, Frank Treasure
2012 Inductee: Barry White
2013 Inductees: Ray Richards, Peter Bell
2015 Inductees: Tom Grljusich, Paul Hasleby
South Fremantle Football Club Hall of Fame
The South Fremantle Hall of Fame was inaugurated in 2011 with an initial induction of 45 players, coaches, administrators and staff from the club's inception in 1900 to 1979.
The second induction occurred in 2015, mainly covering the years up to and including 1987 (the year West Coast entered the VFL), and eight of the existing members from the inaugural intake were elevated to legend status.
The third intake occurred on 14 August 2021, with a further eight members inducted and two existing members elevated to Legend status.
There are currently 88 members in the club Hall of Fame. The current ten club legends, in alphabetical order by surname, are:
Brian Ciccotosto
John Gerovich
Frank Jenkins
Clive Lewington
Steve Marsh
Stephen Michael
Bernie Naylor
Tony Parentich
John Todd
Frank Treasure
South Fremantle Indigenous Team of the Century
During NAIDOC Week in 2009, South Fremantle celebrated their long and extensive link to Indigenous Australians by naming an Indigenous Team of the century from the 78 Indigenous players that had played for them since Jimmy Melbourne first played in 1902. Selected by former club captain and chief executive Brian Ciccotosto, premiership coach Mal Brown and journalist Ray Wilson. Four of the players selected, Stephen Michael, Maurice Rioli, Nicky Winmar and Peter Matera, were also selected in the Australia-wide Indigenous Team of the Century.
Military service
South Fremantle footballers at VFL/AFL level
Since the expansion of the Victorian Football League to become the national elite league in the late 1980s, numerous players from South Fremantle have represented various teams, especially the two Western Australia-based teams, West Coast and Fremantle. The list below is a summary of South Fremantle players who have achieved the highest individual honours while playing for a VFL/AFL club.
Brownlow Medal: Brad Hardie (1985)
Norm Smith Medal: Maurice Rioli (1982), Peter Matera (1992)
All-Australian team: Bruce Monteath (1979), Maurice Rioli (1983, 1986), Brad Hardie (1986), Mark Bairstow (1987, 1991, 1992), Peter Matera (1991, 1993, 1994, 1996, 1997), Nicky Winmar (1991, 1995), David Hart (1994), Glen Jakovich (1994, 1995), Peter Bell (1999, 2003), Darren Gaspar (2000, 2001), Phil Matera (2003), James Clement (2004, 2005), Tim Kelly (2019)
VFL/AFL Premiership: Colin Beard (1969), Bruce Monteath (1980), Jon Dorotich (1987), Glen Jakovich (1992, 1994), Peter Matera (1992, 1994), Peter Sumich (1992, 1994), John Worsfold (1992, 1994), David Hart (1994), Peter Bell (1996, 1999), Ashley McGrath (2003), Mark Williams (2008), Shai Bolton (2019, 2020), Marlion Pickett (2019, 2020)
References and notes
External links
West Australian Football League – Official WAFL site
West Australian Football League clubs
WAFL Women's
Sport in Fremantle
Australian rules football clubs established in 1900
Australian rules football clubs in Western Australia
1900 establishments in Australia
Sporting clubs in Perth, Western Australia
South Fremantle, Western Australia
The Billboard Hot 100 is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles of the United States. Its data, published by Billboard magazine and compiled by Nielsen SoundScan, is based collectively on each single's weekly physical and digital sales, as well as airplay and streaming. At the end of a year, Billboard will publish an annual list of the 100 most successful songs throughout that year on the Hot 100 chart based on the information. For 2021, the list was published on December 2, calculated with data from November 21, 2020 to November 13, 2021.
Billboard named Olivia Rodrigo the top Hot 100 artist of 2021, the youngest female artist to achieve this honor, and the first female artist since Katy Perry in 2014. Rodrigo placed four songs on the list, all in the top 40; the highest ranked of them, "Good 4 U", placed at number five.
Year-end list
See also
2021 in American music
List of Billboard Hot 100 number ones of 2021
List of Billboard Hot 100 top-ten singles in 2021
References
United States Hot 100 Year end
Billboard charts
2021 in American music
The 2013 season was the Carolina Panthers' 19th in the National Football League and their third under head coach Ron Rivera. NFL.com ranked the Panthers' schedule as the strongest in the league, with opponents having a combined 2012 record of 138–116–2 and a winning percentage of .543.
After starting the season 1–3, the Panthers went 11–1 the rest of the way, including a then-record eight-game winning streak, securing their first winning season and playoff appearance since 2008, the first winning season under Rivera and the fifth in franchise history. During Week 12, they defeated the Miami Dolphins, also a franchise first for the Panthers. They also notched their third NFC South title, their first since 2008 and their fourth division title overall. This was the first of three consecutive NFC South titles for the Panthers. Their season ended in the Divisional round of the playoffs with a 23–10 loss to the San Francisco 49ers.
Draft
Note: The Panthers did not have selections in the third or seventh rounds. The team traded its third-round selection (74th overall) and a 2012 sixth-round selection to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for the 49ers' 2012 fourth-round selection, as well as its seventh-round selection (219th overall) to the Oakland Raiders in exchange for wide receiver Louis Murphy.
Staff
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Regular season
Week 1: vs. Seattle Seahawks
The Panthers opened up the regular season at home in an NFC battle with the Seattle Seahawks. Seattle got on the board first with Steven Hauschka hitting a 27-yard field goal in the second quarter. The Panthers gained the lead when quarterback Cam Newton made a 3-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Steve Smith with 3:13 left in the first half. The Seahawks cut the Panthers lead to one point when Hauschka put through a 40-yard field goal in the third quarter. The Seahawks continued to dominate the second half when quarterback Russell Wilson threw a 43-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jermaine Kearse in the fourth quarter with 10:13 remaining in the game. The Panthers were on the verge of scoring, however running back DeAngelo Williams fumbled the ball at the Seattle 8-yard line with 5:25 left in the game and the Seahawks recovered. Seattle went on to run out the rest of the clock and go to 1–0 while the Panthers fell to 0–1 for the fifth consecutive year. Also, the team dropped to 10–4 when Newton does not have a turnover.
Week 2: at Buffalo Bills
The Panthers came into Buffalo looking to recover from a close loss in Seattle the previous week. In the third quarter Cam Newton bombed a 40-yard touchdown pass to Ted Ginn, giving the Panthers a 14–6 lead. Fred Jackson then ran in a 4-yard touchdown to put the Bills behind 14–12. The Bills converted the two-point conversion, putting the score at 14–14. The Panthers stalled twice in the red zone, forcing them to kick field goals to make the score 20–14. After a Dan Carpenter 48-yard kick, the Panthers got the ball back, marched down the field, but were stuffed on 4th and 1 at the Bills' 22. The Panthers decided to kick the field goal to put them up 23–17. EJ Manuel and the Bills got the ball back and march down the field. With 20 seconds remaining in the game from the Panthers' 31, Manuel threw an interception, but it was called back due to Luke Kuechly, the linebacker, committing pass interference. With 2 seconds remaining from the Panthers' 2-yard line, Manuel hit wide receiver Stevie Johnson in the back of the end zone for the score. With the loss, the Panthers fell to 0–2, and 3–17 when Newton had at least a turnover.
Week 3: vs. New York Giants
At 0–2, the Panthers came onto their home turf desperate for a win. The Panthers romped the Giants (0–3) 38–0 behind seven defensive sacks and the flashy play of offensive weapons like Cam Newton and DeAngelo Williams. This was the largest margin of victory in Panthers history and this gave Giants' head coach Tom Coughlin their largest margin of defeat in their history of coaching the Giants. With the win, the Panthers increased to 1–2 and 4–17 when Newton turns the ball over.
Week 5: at Arizona Cardinals
With the loss, the Panthers dropped to 1–3. The team also dropped to 4–18 when Newton turns the ball over.
Week 6: at Minnesota Vikings
With the win, the Panthers improved to 2–3 and also 11–4 in games where Newton does not commit a turnover.
Week 7: vs. St. Louis Rams
With the win, the Panthers improved to 3–3 and 12–4 when Newton doesn't have a turnover.
Week 8: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers
With the win, the Panthers improved to 4–3, and 13–4 when Newton does not turn the ball over.
Week 9: vs. Atlanta Falcons
For the first time in franchise history the Panthers scored 30 or more points in four consecutive games, routing NFC South rival Atlanta Falcons 34–10. With the win, Carolina increased to a 5–3 record. The team also improved to 5–18 when Newton turns the ball over.
Week 10: at San Francisco 49ers
Putting two of the NFL's best defenses against each other, the game indeed proved to be a defensive battle. The reigning NFC champions San Francisco, coming off a bye, only managed three field goals, partly due to the absence of start wide receiver Michael Crabtree and an early injury to tight end Vernon Davis. The 49ers received the opening kickoff and drove to the Carolina 33, where, on 3rd-and-2, Frank Gore was tackled for a 1-yard loss. Phil Dawson kicked a 52-yard field goal for the early 3–0 lead. Punts filled the rest of the quarter, with less than a minute left in the first quarter, Drayton Florence muffed the punt with Eric Reid recovering for San Francisco. The 49ers converted that into a 43-yard field goal for a 6–0 lead. After both teams swapped punts, Cam Newton was intercepted by Tramaine Brock at the 49ers 35 who returned it 41 yards to the Panthers 24. The 49ers drove to the Panthers 7 and Dawson kicked their third field goal, connecting from 25 yards. The Panthers finally responded on their next drive, storming 80 yards in just 8 plays with DeAngelo Williams bursting through for a 27-yard touchdown run, trimming the score to 9–7 at halftime. On the Panthers second drive of half they drove, 59 yards taking 5:44 off the clock, but Graham Gano missed a 48-yard field goal. The 49ers responded by driving to the Panthers 39, but Kendall Hunter was stripped by linebacker Thomas Davis and Quintin Mikell recovered for Carolina. After both teams swapped punts again, Gano drilled a 53-yard field goal for a 10–9 Panthers lead, their first of the game. After both teams punted on their next two drives, Drayton Florence made up for their earlier mistake with an interception with 0:37 left to seal the 10–9 Carolina statement victory. The Panthers snapped the 49ers' five-game winning streak, extended their own winning streak to five, and further increased their record to 6–3. Also, the team's record when Newton commits at least one turnover increased to 6–18.
Week 11: vs. New England Patriots
With Monday Night Football back in Charlotte for the first time since 2008, it pitted the Panthers against the 7–2 New England Patriots, who were coming back from a bye. Down 17–20 with less than a minute left, Panthers quarterback Cam Newton threw a 25-yard touchdown to wide receiver Ted Ginn Jr., bringing Carolina up 24–20. The Patriots received the ball back, and with only three seconds remaining, Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was intercepted by Panthers safety Robert Lester in the endzone. However, a flag was thrown by back judge Terrence Miles just after the ball was intercepted because Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski, the intended target, was wrapped up by Panthers linebacker Luke Kuechly. The officials initially called pass interference on Kuechly. With no time left, this would have resulted in an untimed first-and-goal from the one-yard line. However, after the officials talked it over, they picked up the flag and ruled that the pass was uncatchable due to it being underthrown, and the game ended in a Panthers win. The prime time victory, before one of the largest crowds in franchise and Bank of America Stadium history, extended the Panthers' winning streak to six, increased their record to 7–3 and improved to 14–4 when Newton does not turn the ball over.
Both teams ended the game with identical records of 7–3.
Week 12: at Miami Dolphins
For the first time during the season, the Panthers allowed a touchdown drive in the first quarter, and were down 16–6 at halftime to the 5–5 Miami Dolphins. However, Carolina came back in the second half and ultimately held the Dolphins scoreless. Trailing 13–16 with two minutes remaining, quarterback Cam Newton converted a fourth-and-10 from the Panthers' own 20 with a completion to wide receiver Steve Smith, and a touchdown pass to tight end Greg Olsen with 43 seconds left won the game for the Panthers, 20–16. Carolina extended their winning streak to seven (tying the franchise record), extended their record to 8–3 and also improved 7–18 when Newton turns the ball over. It was also the first time in their franchise history the Panthers defeated the Dolphins.
Week 13: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers
With the win, the Panthers broke their franchise record winning their 8th straight game improving to 9–3 in the process giving the team their first winning season since 2008 and also improving to 8–18 when Newton turns the ball over.
Week 14: at New Orleans Saints
With the loss, the Panthers fell to 2nd place in the NFC South sitting at 9–4 as they also dropped to 14–5 when Newton doesn't turn the ball over.
Week 15: vs. New York Jets
With the win, the Panthers improved to 10–4 and also came out to 15–5 when Newton doesn't turn the ball over.
Week 16: vs. New Orleans Saints
The Panthers came into the game hoping to avenge their loss to the Saints two weeks prior, with the winner taking first place in the NFC South. In the second quarter, a strong rain blanketed the stadium, reminiscent of a similar storm in 2011 against Jacksonville. New Orleans scored late to go up 13–10 with less than two minutes to play. Cam Newton led the offense down the field and into the red zone on the following possession. With under a minute to play, Newton threw the game-winning touchdown pass to receiver Domenik Hixon, who was replacing an injured Steve Smith. It was later reported the stadium's press box shook when Hixon caught the touchdown. Carolina's defense was able to prevent the Saints from completing a last-second Hail Mary. With the win, the Panthers clinched a playoff spot and improved to 11–4. The team also improved to 9–18 when Newton turns the ball over.
Week 17: at Atlanta Falcons
Despite sacking Matt Ryan nine times—a single-game franchise record—the Panthers were not assured of a win until the final seconds. With 31 seconds to go and trailing 21–20, the Falcons were driving in hopes of setting up a game-winning field goal. However, center Joe Hawley snapped the ball before Ryan was ready. The ball sailed back 16 yards to the Atlanta 27. Hawley later said that they were distracted by the noise from a large number of Panther fans who made the five-hour drive to Atlanta, and thought Ryan was calling for the ball. With the win, the Panthers clinched the NFC South, the #2 seed and a first-round bye, finishing 12–4 in the progress while going 10–18 when Newton turned the ball over. They swept the Falcons for the first time since 2005.
Standings
Division
Conference
Postseason
NFC Divisional Playoff Game: vs. #5 San Francisco 49ers
The Panthers played at home against the #5 seed 49ers. The 49ers led for most of the game and eventually won, ending the Panthers' season and dropping them to a 12–5 total. Also, Cam Newton went 0–1 as a starter for the Panthers in the playoffs while the team went 10–19 when they turned the ball over.
References
External links
Carolina
Carolina Panthers seasons
NFC South championship seasons
Carolina
Everything You Know Is Wrong may refer to:
Audio
Everything You Know Is Wrong, a 1974 comedy album by The Firesign Theatre
Everything You Know Is Wrong, a song on the 1996 Bad Hair Day album by "Weird Al" Yankovic
Everything You Know Is Wrong, a song on the 2004 Un album by Chumbawamba
Everything You Know is Wrong, a song on the 2016 Adult Swim album by Prurient
Everything You Know is Wrong, a song on the 2017 Pop Voodoo album by Black Grape
Literature
Everything You Know Is Wrong, a 1995 book by Paul Kirchner
Everything You Know Is Wrong, a 1997 book by Lloyd Pye
Everything You Know Is Wrong, a 2002 book by Russ Kick
1215: The Year of Magna Carta is a historical documentation of life in Medieval England written by author and journalist Danny Danziger and emeritus professor of history at the London School of Economics John Gillingham. It was originally published in 2003 by Hodder & Stoughton, a division of Hodder Headline. In 2004, it was published in the United States by Touchstone. This book is a sequel to Danziger's previous work, The Year 1000, which they co-authored with author Robert Lacey.
Content
Overview
1215: The Year of Magna Carta is a rare documentation because it is a work of creative non-fiction, a method of writing which is rarely used in writing a historical text. Based on the title, one may expect to read a book entirely about Magna Carta, the document that changed the course of England's history. However, the book goes into detail about life in the Middle Ages, specifically in the year 1215. The book begins by explaining the everyday life of someone of royalty, then of the average peasant. It explains school, the countryside, hunting, tournaments, battles and the church. Throughout the book, several references to Magna Carta are intertwined with everyday events. For example, the chapter entitled "Family Strife" begins with the quotation from clause 62 of Magna Carta: "We have completely remitted and pardoned to all any ill will, grudge and rancor that have arisen between us and our subjects."
1215: The Year of Magna Carta continues to describe the life of a common scholar, where studies in the medical field were greatly encouraged to students who had failed at studying philosophy. While Oxford and Cambridge were the ideal universities to study, smaller schools became established in Salerno and Montpellier. This section goes on to explain women's education, which ended for them at age fifteen. After Danziger and Gillingham go at length explaining life in the Middle Ages, they begin to speak of how Magna Carta came to be, starting with King John.
King John and Magna Carta
The story of King John is told from their birth to their death, in between being their struggle in accepting to sign Magna Carta. Danziger and Gilingham go at length to explain the reasons that caused them to be spoiled as a child, that is, being neglected as a child. This led to their tyrannous rule as King of England after the death of their brother, Richard I. They had several mistresses, was unfaithful to their wife, and raised the taxes in England which made it impossible for the peasants to live. Thus, Magna Carta was written by the Barons of England to give the country a guideline.
The book ends with the reasons for the writing of Magna Carta. This includes the problems faced by the women and children of Medieval England who had hardly any rights, and how knights were duty-bound to protect them. There is an entire section that explains the myths regarding the writing and signing of Magna Carta. Some of the myths include: Magna Carta having no meaning after Prince Louis was crowned king and that it would not be an influential document for the rest of the world.
Critical reception
1215: The Year of Magna Carta has received positive reviews from several critics and historians. It has been noted as a historical document that has "bestseller written all over it." The one aspect every critic seems to enjoy is how the book tells of every fine detail that occurred during the Medieval era. Journalist Christina Hardyment was surprised to learn that King John used glasses to read and sign Magna Carta properly.
However, there are some negative reviews. An anonymous reviewer from Brown University states, "I learned more from reading Magna Carta reproduced at the back of this book than I did from the book itself. There's a lesson there, somewhere, about the value of source documents." They continued to state that 1215 was merely a book on life in Medieval England, and gave hardly any information about Magna Carta itself.
Other critics have similar opinions of the book. Critic Robert Heydt states that the book is deceiving (deceptive) in its title and only, "the final two chapters deal at length with the history and myth of the Great Charter, and the book includes the complete text of the document." Another critic, Wesley Burnett thinks that the book is a clever historical documentation and is well written. However, they state, "1215: The Year of Magna Carta doesn't follow the formula and won't win anyone tenure anywhere." Thus, while critics enjoyed the book, most wanted there to be more information about Magna Carta itself.
References
21st-century history books
History books about England
History books about the Middle Ages
Magna Carta
2003 non-fiction books
Hodder & Stoughton books
Noizegarden, stylized nOiZeGaRdEn, was a rock band from Hondae, Seoul, in South Korea, active in the 1990s.
Former band members
Bak Geon (Vocals) (died 2016)
Yoon Byeong-Ju (Guitars)
Yeom Je-Min (Bass)
Bak Gyeong-Weon (Drums)
Lee Sang-Moon (Bass)
Bak Yeong-Joong (Drums)
Discography
nOiZeGaRdEn (1996)
...But Not Least (1999)
1992 establishments in South Korea
South Korean rock music groups
South Korean heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups from Seoul
The 1914 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on November 3, 1914. Incumbent Republican governor John K. Tener was not a candidate for re-election. Republican candidate Martin Grove Brumbaugh defeated Democratic candidate Vance C. McCormick to become Governor of Pennsylvania.
Results
References
1914
Gubernatorial
Pennsylvania
November 1914 events
Ereymentau District (, ) is a district of Aqmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Ereymentau. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Lambton originally Wellington railway station in Featherston Street, Wellington, New Zealand was the southern passenger terminus for the Hutt Line and the Wairarapa Line from 1885 to 1936 and for lines further north until December 1908. Wellington's third railway station it had been preceded by station buildings temporarily at Pipitea Point and a site further south on Featherston Street beside Wellington's rail freight depot and its Railway Wharf.
The Manawatu line Thorndon station was built hastily in the spring of 1885 after the Manawatu line company and the Government failed to agree to share Lambton station.
Lambton station's platform closed in July 1936. Wairarapa and Hutt passengers continued to use the building's facilities and its temporary access to the new platforms until the unfinished Bunny Street building opened. The ticket office stayed open until 11:15pm on 19 June 1937, which was Bunny Street's official opening day, then this building was demolished.
Extension of the Hutt and Wairarapa lines towards the city
The 1855 earthquake raised dry land along the side of Wellington Harbour from the north end of Thorndon to Petone. Railway lines were laid there in the 1870s and on the beach in front of Thorndon Quay towards Wellington as far as Pipitea Point which was as close as the lines could get to the city. Pipitea Point was the first Wellington railway station. Wellington's Hutt Line opened in 1874. The Manawatu station or Thorndon railway station was opened nearby just to the north of Pipitea Point but not until the spring of 1885.
Reclamation continued during the 1870s and the line was extended to Wellington's business area terminating at Ballance Street beyond the new Government Buildings completed in 1876.
The Hutt Road was only 24 feet or just over 7 metres wide. Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company had made a new reclamation for their own line and an arrangement was made between NZR and WMR for an exchange of land so that NZR lines were moved and ran nearest the harbour. The Hutt Road could then be brought to the full chain or 66 feet or 20 metres. As a consequence the Government lines were moved from beside Thorndon Quay and re-aligned to run near Thorndon Esplanade now Aotea Quay and the Pipitea Point stop was eliminated. At the same time it was revealed that to ease congestion around the Railway Wharf Wellington Railway Station would move north along Featherston Street to a location opposite the junction of Mulgrave Street and Sydney Street – now Kate Sheppard Place.
The line was further extended in 1893 to the Te Aro industrial and commercial area terminating at Te Aro railway station but that extension closed in 1917.
75 Featherston Street
The second Wellington railway station was built just before Ballance Street on a site fronting Featherston Street between Whitmore and Bunny Streets. It was opened on 1 November 1880.
The Wairarapa Line over the Rimutaka Incline was opened right through to Masterton the same day.
Railway Wharf, with three separate lines on the wharf, was finished in April 1880. A revised layout of the adjoining yard was announced
Passenger terminal
Plans were issued and tenders for construction called in March 1880. The front was to face Waterloo Quay.(a few weeks later this was changed to Featherston Street) The Evening Post described it as "a plain and unpretending" building, of one storey, 150 feet long, 20 feet high and 16 feet wide (or 45 metres long, 6 metres high and 5 metres wide). The main platform was to be of asphalt and extend 400 feet (120 metres) to the rear of the station covered by an overhanging verandah. A second platform for arrivals would have no cover. The materials were principally tōtara and kauri. "The result will not be an imposing addition to the architectural features of Wellington" said the Evening Post. The station cost £2,294.
A letter to The Evening Post noted that though Municipal building regulations were not binding on the Crown in England the Crown always observes them. The Government chose to ignore the city's by-law prohibiting building in combustible materials in that locality.
New Zealand Railways headquarters
This same site was used for the New Zealand Railways Department headquarters building begun in 1901 and completed in 1905. In 1937 it was vacated by NZR and taken over by the Defence Department. It was demolished and in the 21st century, its former frontage on Featherston Street is occupied by Rydges Hotel.
Featherston Street opposite Mulgrave Street
The building at 75 Featherston Street was picked up, put on rollers and taken further north up Featherston Street to the far side of Bunny Street.
It was placed opposite the foot of Mulgrave Street and its junction with Sydney Street now Kate Sheppard Place.
It opened to passengers in late February 1885.
This building's name was changed from Wellington railway station to Lambton railway station in December 1908 after the Government acquired the Thorndon railway station along with Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company. By that time, 1908, the building was considered well beneath the required standard but it remained in use almost another thirty years until it was demolished in 1937. When Lambton station was eventually demolished it was noted by the local newspaper that the building had been vilified for more than twenty years and had been plainly rotten long before its demolition.
Wairarapa and Hutt passengers were moved to the new suburban platforms of the unfinished new Bunny Street building. The first Hutt Valley trains ran from the new platforms on 20 July 1936.
Lambton station's building was demolished shortly after the Bunny Street building opened.
References
Hoy, D.G. Rails out of the Capital (NZRLS, 1970)
External links
Lambton Station c1927
Lambton Station scene c1927
History of Wellington stations (1937 article)
Rail transport in Wellington
Defunct railway stations in New Zealand
Railway stations opened in 1885
Railway stations closed in 1937
Buildings and structures in Wellington City
The following lists events that happened during 1920 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Amanullah Khan
Spring 1920
As relations with Britain have remained strained, a conference between British and Afghan representatives takes place at Mussoorie, which results in steps being taken to reestablish more normal relations and to settle outstanding questions. No further hostilities occur, though there is some fear on the British side that Russian influence is penetrating the country to some extent.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Irma Suarez Ruiz (born 1959) is an American dancer, educator, choreographer, director, and costume designer.  They are the Artistic Director for the Ensemble Español Spanish Dance Theater at Northeastern Illinois University in Chicago, Illinois.
Early life and education
Born in Chicago, Ruiz (of Mexican and Puerto Rican descent) moved to Mexico City to live with their family for a period before moving back to Chicago. Graduating from Senn High School in Chicago, they saw a performance of Ensemble Español as a first-year student at Northeastern Illinois University. With a new aspiration to become a Spanish dancer, they began taking dance classes as well as the evening community workshops offered by Ensemble Español. In 1979, Ruiz began official dance training in Spanish dance and classical ballet with Dame Libby Komaiko. Ruiz received a scholarship apprenticeship to the Ensemble Español Spanish Dance Theater that same year.
In 1983, Ruiz graduated from Northeastern Illinois University with a B.A. in Foreign Languages and Literature and a minor in Dance.
Ruiz is married to Antonio Ruiz.  They are the mother of Crystal, Tiffany, Brandon, Tyler, and Collin.  They are also grandmother to Manolo and Emily.
Career
Making a career out of Spanish dancing, over the next four decades, Ruiz climbed from company dancer in 1980 to Soloist, First dancer in 1986, Instructor, Associate Artistic Director, and currently Artistic Director with Ensemble Español Spanish Dance Theater.
At the Amor de Dios Flamenco Dance Academy in Spain, Ruiz studied with Spanish dancers Candela Soto and Paco Romero. They also trained in Spain with El Guito, Belen Maya, Cristian Almodovar, La China, and Aida Gomez. Other Spanish dancers and choreographers they worked with include Paco Alonso, Maria Alba, Juanjo Linares, Roberto Lorca, Manolete, Edo, and Carmela Grec. For ballet, Ruiz worked with Anna Czajun, and National Ballet of Spain founding members, Juan Mata and Ana González.
Ruiz became a member of the dance faculty of the Department of Music and Dance Programs at Northeastern Illinois University in 2006, teaching Spanish dance.
As a choreographer, Ruiz has completed multiple works for the Ensemble Español's arts education program and Youth Company, as well as five full ballets for the company. As the Artistic Director of Ensemble Español Spanish Dance Theater, they train Spanish dancers, designs costumes, sets and maintains structure in rehearsals, organizes programming for events, and manages casting and new choreographies. During the season, they also coordinate with global guest artists to add new choreography works to the company's repertoire.
Ruiz continues to perform with the Ensemble Español Company throughout the season and at the annual American Spanish Dance and Music Festival. They have toured internationally with the company to Australia, Poland, Costa Rica, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Spain, and China.
Honors
Chicago Council on Fine Arts, Neighborhood Arts Project Grant
Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs, Viva Latina Dance Master Award (1993)
Ruth Page Foundation and Northeastern Illinois University, Artistic Ambassador Award
St. Louis Cultural Flamenco Society, Twentieth Anniversary Award (2004)
Northeastern Illinois University Excellence in Fine Arts Award (2007)
External links
Ensemble Español Spanish Dance Theater official website
References
Living people
American female dancers
American dancers
Modern dancers
Northeastern Illinois University faculty
Dance companies in Chicago
Performing groups established in 1975
Dance in Illinois
Northeastern Illinois University
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women academics
21st-century American women
Facelina annulata is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae.
Distribution
This species was described from a specimen found on the shore one mile SW of the mouth of the Kowie River, Port Alfred, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
References
Facelinidae
Gastropods described in 1954
Leo Edward Larrivee (November 23, 1903, in Fall River, Massachusetts – October 7, 1928, in Chicago, Illinois) was an American track and field athlete. Larrivee won a bronze medal at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris. They were a middle distance runner at the College of the Holy Cross. They died in a traffic collision in 1928.
References
External links
1903 births
1928 deaths
American male long-distance runners
American male middle-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in track and field
Sportspeople from Fall River, Massachusetts
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Road incident deaths in Illinois
Phosphorus trichloride is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula PCl3. A colorless liquid when pure, it is an important industrial chemical, being used for the manufacture of phosphites and other organophosphorus compounds. It is toxic and reacts readily with water to release hydrogen chloride.
History
Phosphorus trichloride was first prepared in 1808 by the French chemists Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac and Louis Jacques Thénard by heating calomel (Hg2Cl2) with phosphorus. Later during the same year, the English chemist Humphry Davy produced phosphorus trichloride by burning phosphorus in chlorine gas.
Preparation
World production exceeds one-third of a million tonnes. Phosphorus trichloride is prepared industrially by the reaction of chlorine with white phosphorus, using phosphorus trichloride as the solvent. In this continuous process PCl3 is removed as it is formed in order to avoid the formation of PCl5.
P4 + 6 Cl2 → 4 PCl3
Structure and spectroscopy
It has a trigonal pyramidal shape. Its 31P NMR spectrum exhibits a singlet around +220 ppm with reference to a phosphoric acid standard.
Reactions
The phosphorus in PCl3 is often considered to have the +3 oxidation state and the chlorine atoms are considered to be in the −1 oxidation state. Most of its reactivity is consistent with this description.
Oxidation
PCl3 is a precursor to other phosphorus compounds, undergoing oxidation to phosphorus pentachloride (PCl5), thiophosphoryl chloride (PSCl3), or phosphorus oxychloride (POCl3).
PCl3 as an electrophile
Phosphorus trichloride is the precursor to organophosphorus compounds that contain one or more P(III) atoms, most notably phosphites and phosphonates. These compounds do not usually contain the chlorine atoms found in PCl3.
PCl3 reacts vigorously with water to form phosphorous acid (H3PO3) and hydrochloric acid:
PCl3 + 3 H2O → H3PO3 + 3 HCl
A large number of similar substitution reactions are known, the most important of which is the formation of phosphites by reaction with alcohols and phenols. For example, with phenol, triphenyl phosphite is formed:
3 PhOH + PCl3 → P(OPh)3 + 3 HCl
where "Ph" stands for the phenyl group, -C6H5. Alcohols such as ethanol react similarly in the presence of a base such as a tertiary amine:
PCl3 + 3 EtOH + 3 R3N → P(OEt)3 + 3 R3NH+Cl−
In the absence of base, however, the reaction proceeds with the following stoichiometry to give diethylphosphite:
PCl3 + 3 EtOH → (EtO)2P(O)H + 2 HCl + EtCl
Secondary amines (R2NH) form aminophosphines. For example, bis(diethylamino)chlorophosphine, (Et2N)2PCl, is obtained from diethylamine and PCl3. Thiols (RSH) form P(SR)3. An industrially relevant reaction of PCl3 with amines is phosphonomethylation, which employs formaldehyde:
R2NH + PCl3 + CH2O → (HO)2P(O)CH2NR2 + 3 HCl
Aminophosphonates are widely used as sequestering and antiscale agents in water treatment. The large volume herbicide glyphosate is also produced this way. The reaction of PCl3 with Grignard reagents and organolithium reagents is a useful method for the preparation of organic phosphines with the formula R3P (sometimes called phosphanes) such as triphenylphosphine, Ph3P.
3 PhMgBr + PCl3 → Ph3P + 3 MgBrCl
Under controlled conditions or especially with bulky organic groups, similar reactions afford less substituted derivatives such as chlorodiisopropylphosphine.
PCl3 as a nucleophile
Phosphorus trichloride has a lone pair, and therefore can act as a Lewis base, e.g., forming a 1:1 adduct Br3B-PCl3. Metal complexes such as Ni(PCl3)4 are known, again demonstrating the ligand properties of PCl3.
This Lewis basicity is exploited in the Kinnear–Perren reaction to prepare alkylphosphonyl dichlorides (RP(O)Cl2) and alkylphosphonate esters (RP(O)(OR')2). Alkylation of phosphorus trichloride is effected in the presence of aluminium trichloride give the alkyltrichlorophosphonium salts, which are versatile intermediates:
PCl3 + RCl + AlCl3 → RPCl + AlCl
The RPCl product can then be decomposed with water to produce an alkylphosphonic dichloride RP(=O)Cl2.
PCl3 as a ligand
PCl3, like the more popular phosphorus trifluoride, is a ligand in coordination chemistry. One example is Mo(CO)5PCl3.
Uses
PCl3 is important indirectly as a precursor to PCl5, POCl3 and PSCl3, which are used in many applications, including herbicides, insecticides, plasticisers, oil additives, and flame retardants.
For example, oxidation of PCl3 gives POCl3, which is used for the manufacture of triphenyl phosphate and tricresyl phosphate, which find application as flame retardants and plasticisers for PVC. They are also used to make insecticides such as diazinon. Phosphonates include the herbicide glyphosate.
PCl3 is the precursor to triphenylphosphine for the Wittig reaction, and phosphite esters which may be used as industrial intermediates, or used in the Horner-Wadsworth-Emmons reaction, both important methods for making alkenes. It can be used to make trioctylphosphine oxide (TOPO), used as an extraction agent, although TOPO is usually made via the corresponding phosphine.
PCl3 is also used directly as a reagent in organic synthesis. It is used to convert primary and secondary alcohols into alkyl chlorides, or carboxylic acids into acyl chlorides, although thionyl chloride generally gives better yields than PCl3.
Safety
600 ppm is lethal in just a few minutes.
25 ppm is the US NIOSH "Immediately Dangerous to Life and Health" level
0.5 ppm is the US OSHA "permissible exposure limit" over a time-weighted average of 8 hours.
0.2 ppm is the US NIOSH "recommended exposure limit" over a time-weighted average of 8 hours.
Under EU Directive 67/548/EEC, PCl3 is classified as very toxic and corrosive , and the risk phrases R14, R26/28, R35 and R48/20 are obligatory.
Industrial production of phosphorus trichloride is controlled under the Chemical Weapons Convention, where it is listed in schedule 3, as it can be used to produce mustard agents.
See also
Phosphorus pentachloride
Phosphoryl chloride
Phosphorus trifluorodichloride
References
Inorganic phosphorus compounds
Phosphorus halides
Chlorides
Phosphorus(III) compounds
Pulmonary agents
Mismatch (stylized as Mis(s)match) is a 2019 Telugu-language romantic sports film directed by N. V. Nirmal Kumar. The film stars Uday Shankar and Aishwarya Rajesh in the lead roles.
Cast
Uday Shankar as Siddharth
Aishwarya Rajesh as Mahalakshmi
Pradeep Rawat as Mahalakshmi's father
Sanjay Swaroop as Siddharth's Father
Master Adhiroh
Naga Mahesh
Ravulapati Venkata Ramarao
Malakpet Shailaja
Badhram
Roopa Laxmi
Sandhya Janak
Sharanya Pradeep
Padma Jayanthi
Laxman
Munna
Production
Uday Shanker, who was last seen in the film Aatagadharaa Siva, wanted to do a film with a message. N. V. Nirmal Kumar, who had previously directed Salim, was chosen to direct the film.
Soundtrack
The songs were composed by Gifton Elias. The first single, "Arere Arere", was launched by Trivikram Srinivas on 25 November 2019. The song "Ee Manase" from Tholi Prema was remixed and used in the film.
Release
The film released on 6 December.
Critical reception
This film received positive reviews from fans and polarized reviews from critics.
The Hans India gave 3.5 of 5 stars and stated that "On the whole, 'Mismatch' is a decent entertainer".
The Times of India gave 2 of 5 stars and praised the performances of Rajesh and Rawat, but stated how "there's only so much they can do to save the film from a routine script and terrible narration".
References
2019 films
2010s Telugu-language films
Indian sports drama films
Films shot in Andhra Pradesh
2019 romantic drama films
Indian romantic drama films
2010s sports drama films
EDC Paris Business School, also called Ecole des Dirigeants et des Créateurs d'entreprise,
is a French business School in the city of Paris located in the business district La Défense. It offers four complete programs in English at undergraduate, graduate and post graduate levels (luxury brand management)
Its MBA Luxury Brand Marketing and International Management is ranked 9th worldwide by Eduniversal. In partnership with the jewellery house Cartier, EDC created Sup de Luxe, a school offering programmes in luxury management.
Established in 1950, EDC Paris Business School provides business and management courses to 1300 students, both in French and in English.
The school is ranked among the best 20 Business Schools in France by Le figaro.
Admissions
French students, unless they have studied abroad, must succeed at a competitive entrance examination, known as the concours. There are two concourses, depending on undergraduate studies:Concours Link (2450 candidates in 2014 for 250 selected)
250 places are offered to the best student after the Baccalauréat (High school diploma)
Concours Passerelle (7400 candidates in 2014 for 2 800 selected)
60 places for 1 500 selected are offered to the best students holding a BTS, DUT or classes préparatoires aux grandes écoles for 3 years.
40 places for 1 300 selected are offered to the best students holding a bachelor's degree or a Licence program for 2 years.
Their curriculum includes a written examination with 4 test: literary essay on an economic subject, test arpeggio (general knowledge, memorization, algebra, logic), English test and Test in the choice (Mathematics, management, law, economy, management, marketing, philosophy) and then an oral examination: English Test, interview in Spanish or in German and then an important interview in every school of the concours in front of professional's jury (ex: CEO).
World Partner universities
San Diego Alliant International University (US) Dual degrees
Santa Barbara College (US) Dual degrees
Curtin University (Australia) Dual degrees
West Saxon University (Netherlands) Dual degrees
Bucharest Academy of Economic Studies (Romania) Dual degrees
Montesquieu University (France) Dual degrees
Paris West University Nanterre (France) Dual degrees
Sup De Luxe
The Institut Supérieur de Marketing du Luxe was founded by Alain-Dominique Perrin, in collaboration with Cartier in 1990. By creating the Institut Supérieur de Marketing du Luxe, Cartier first trained a large number of its managers and then offered other brands creative profiles with the values of the sector.
Sup de luxe was the first educational institute in France specialising in the luxury management. The absence of luxury management schools is what gave Perrin their initial idea of founding the school. Its initial aim was to produce young managers and experts in the luxury field and to stimulate research into luxury on a global scale.
Notable EDC Paris Business School faculty, staff and owner
Some names of the list:
Alain-Dominique Perrin, ex President of Richemont and President of EDC Paris Business School.
Robert Louis-Dreyfus, Businessman and CEO of Adidas-Salomon
Jean Todt, motor sport executive
Jean Marcel Jammet, Director of EDC Paris Business School
Michel Trollé, founder of Century 21
Antoine Hébrard, CEO of Who's Who in France
Didier Vuchot, Président of Europe de Kornferry
Bertrand Delamarre, CEO of Call Expert
Didier Rosenberg, Founding partner of Datawords
History
Founded in 1950, EDC PARIS is one of the oldest business schools in France.
Accreditations and associations
Sourced from EDC Paris Business School Programme
Fully accredited by the French Ministry of Education and Research, it delivers a state-approved Master's degree in business studies.
Accredited by European Foundation for Management Development (EFMD)Member of the Conférence des Grandes Écoles
Member of the Fondation Nationale pour l'Enseignement de la Gestion des Entreprises (FNEGE)
Member of the NAFSA Association of International Educators
Member of the EAIE (European Association for International Education)
Member of ERASMUS
Member of Campus France
Member of the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB International)
Partnership of Incubateur de l'École Nationale Supérieure des Arts et Métiers (ENSAM) (Produced in Brittany)
Member of Campus responsables
References
Business schools in France
Universities in Paris
Line 1 is a north-south line of the Shanghai Metro. It runs from in the north, via to in the south. The first line to open in the Shanghai Metro system, line 1 serves many important points in Shanghai, including and Xujiahui. Due to the large number of important locations served, this line is extremely busy, with a daily ridership of over 1,000,000 passengers. Generally, the line runs at grade beside the Shanghai–Hangzhou railway in the south, underground in the city center and elevated on the second deck of the North–South Elevated Road in the North. The line is colored red on system maps.
History
The required investment for the project was US$620 million (including domestic supporting RMB investment). In August 1988 and May 1989, the program of loans to the Federal Republic of Germany, France and the United States was approved by the State Planning Commission.
The Federal Government of Germany has a loan of 460 million marks, an annual interest rate of 0.75%, a committed rate of 0.25%, a repayment period of 30 years, and a grace period of 10 years.
French mixed loan of 132 million francs, of which 54% of government soft loans, annual interest rate of 2%, loan repayment period of 19 years, grace period of 11 years; export credit 46%, annual interest rate of 8.3%, loan repayment period of 10 years, grace period of 22 months.
The US loaned USD 23.18 million, of which 45% were government grants and 55% were commercial loans. The annual interest rate fluctuates, the loan repayment period is 10 years, and the grace period is 5 years.
With the start of construction of the project, the cost has also increased. In August 1993, the budgetary estimate was adjusted to 3.974 billion yuan, of which domestic supporting funds increased by 1.086 billion yuan. In January 1995, the total budget was adjusted for the second time to 5.39 billion yuan, of which 3.961 billion yuan was domestic supporting funds.
May 28, 1993 - The first long section of the line, from Xujiahui to Shanghai South Railway Station (formerly known as Xinlonghua), opens.
April 10, 1995 - The entire long original line, from Shanghai Railway Station to Jinjiang Park, opens.
December 28, 1996 - Separate southern section from Jinjiang Park (formerly known as Hongmei Road South) to Xinzhuang opens. Northern extension continues to operate to Shanghai Railway Station.
July 1, 1997 - The northern and southern sections are connected, forming one complete line from Shanghai Railway Station - Xinzhuang.
December 28, 2004 - Line runs from Gongfu Xincun - Xinzhuang after northern extension opens.
December 29, 2007 - Second northern extension opens; full line runs from Fujin Road - Xinzhuang.
Stations
Service routes
Important stations
- Connects the metro with the main railway station in the city, allowing rail transport to and from other provinces. Virtual Interchange with lines 3 and 4.
- This station serves a business and shopping area, and is also close to multiple tourist attractions making the station busy all day long. Interchange with lines 2 and 8.
- This is a business and commercial area, also with tourist attractions such as the Xujiahui Cathedral. Interchange with lines 9 and 11.
- This station is located at the sports stadium of the same name and the biggest regional and long distance bus station in the city. Interchange with line 4.
- This station serves the second railway station of the city, which accommodates trains serving cities mainly to the south. Interchange with lines 3 and 15.
- The southern terminus of line 1; interchange with line 5.
Future expansion
West extension of line 1
A 1.2 km extension to Humin road (North Xinzhuang Station) has been approved as part of the National Development and Reform Commission has approved the 2018-2023 construction planning of the city's Metro network. Work is expected to begin before 2023 and will take 4 years at acost of US$518. The extension will connect to the under construction Jiamin line.
South extension of line 1
There were plans to extend line 1 south to Jinshan to connect to Jinshan line. The route would include on line 5 and and on the Jinshan line.
North extension of line 1
There were plans to extend line 1 north to Chongming Island to connect Chengqiao town. The line would connect to the Chongming line which would further extend east to connect with line 1. Currently, there is no plan to extend it northwards.
Headways
Technology
Signalling
As the first line in the system, Shanghai Metro was conceived and designed during the 1980s, when fixed block signalling and track circuit based train control (TBTC) was still considered a state-of-art approach to automatic train operation. The signalling system was designed by CASCO, a signalling manufacturer owned jointly by China Railway Signal & Communication Group Corporation (CRSC) and General Railway Signal (GRS), and was largely based on the system designed by GRS for the Washington Metro. Coded audio-frequency (AF) track circuits are used for both train detection and transmission of speed commands, as well as limited train-to-wayside communication (TWC) for automatic train supervision (ATS). Train operation between stations and station stop can be automatic, while doors are controlled manually by train operators.
From 2013 to 2019, the system was completely renewed, with obsolete components such as relay interlockings replaced by modern microprocessor-based ones, but the general operation of the signaling system remained unchanged. As of 2020, the original design is expected to serve two additional decades.
Rolling Stock
In the summer of 2006 after poor cooling effect of the 16 subway DC trains on Line 1 in summer and the high temperature of the carriages had long been a problem, 96 ice cubes have been put into a one-meter-high waste container to alleviate the high temperature of the 16 subway DC trains on Line 1. In order to make up for the defects in the refrigeration power and design of the 16 DC trains, emergency measures must be taken whenever the temperature reaches 33 °C or more. With the transformation between 2006 and 2008 from 6 carriages to 8 carriages the of the air-conditioning system was improvement, making the ice waste containers something of the past.
The line was initially operated by trains built by the German Shanghai Metro Group which included Adtranz (now Bombardier) and Siemens together with AEG Westinghouse and Düwag.
Former Rolling Stock
References
Shanghai Metro lines
Railway lines opened in 1993
1993 establishments in China
Hammack is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bobby Hammack (1922-1990), American musician
Craig Hammack, American special effects supervisor
Katherine Hammack, American government official
Mal Hammack (1933–2004), American college and professional football player
William S. Hammack (born 1961), American chemical engineer
is a Japanese former professional baseball pitcher in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). They played for the Taiyo Whales / Yokohama Taiyo Whales from 1967 to 1984. They won the Eiji Sawamura Award in 1970.
References
1947 births
Living people
Baseball people from Okayama Prefecture
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Japanese baseball players
Taiyō Whales players
Yokohama Taiyō Whales players
Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame inductees
Villarroel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antoni de Villarroel (1656–1726), Spanish military commander, general commander of the Army of Catalonia in the War of the Spanish Succession
Catherine Villarroel, fashion model and beauty queen from Bolivia
Diego de Torres Villarroel (1693–1770), Spanish writer, poet, dramatist, doctor, mathematician, priest, professor of the University of Salamanca
Gualberto Villarroel (1908–1946), head of state of Bolivia from December 20, 1943, to July 21, 1946
Luis Villarroel (born 1981), Venezuelan diver
Mario Enrique Villarroel Lander (born 1947), Venezuelan lawyer
Moisés Villarroel (born 1976), Chilean football midfielder
Néstor Guzmán Villarroel (born 1964), Bolivian politician and trade unionist
Verónica Villarroel, Chilean soprano
See also
Gualberto Villarroel Province, province in the La Paz Department, Bolivia
Puerto Villarroel, locality in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia
The Power of Love Tour was the debut headlining concert tour by English singer Sam Bailey in early 2015. The tour supported Bailey's debut album The Power of Love (2014), which was released after their win on the tenth series of The X Factor in 2013.
Background
Bailey promoted The Power of Love on their first tour, The Power of Love Tour, which visited 17 cities in the United Kingdom with 4 sold out dates and grossed £760,000 with 19,409 attending. The tour was announced on their website and other official outlets. An official announcement stated that Bailey would perform two pre-shows a few days before the official tour start date on 29 January 2015. The tour officially commenced on 29 January with two sold out dates at the De Montford Hall in Leicester, England and ended on 18 February in London.
Set list
This set list is representative of the show on 29 January 2015 in Leicester.
"Ain't No Mountain High Enough"
"Sunshine on a Rainy Day"
"The Power of Love"
"No More Tears (Enough Is Enough)"
"Superwoman"
"Get Here"
"From This Moment On" (Shania Twain cover)
"How Will I Know"
"Through the Fire"
"Listen"
"Lord Is It Mine"
"Clown"
"Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours"
"Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves"
"Somebody to Love"
"We Close Our Eyes"
"To Love You More"
"Declaration of Love"
"And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going"
"Skyscraper"
Shows
References
2015 concert tours
Dryophthorini is a tribe of weevil and typical of the subfamily Dryophthorinae.
Genera
Wikispecies lists the following confirmed genera:
Dryophthorus
Psilodryophthorus
Stenommatus
†Lithophthorus
References
External links
Curculionidae genera
Dryophthorinae
Polyphaga tribes
Pranjani is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. In 1944, Pranjani was the site of Operation Halyard.
In 2019, a small wooden guest house was transfer by truck to a new location, in the churchyard, where it is planned to be reconstructed as part of traditional folk architecture. This was a big event for the local inhabitants, especially for the youngest. During 2020, the wooden church and a small guest house were reconstructed and conserved.
Gallery
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Glory Days is a musical with music and lyrics by Nick Blaemire and a book by James Gardiner about four high school friends reuniting a year after graduation. The musical opened at the Signature Theatre in 2008 and was then produced on Broadway in 2008 but closed after one regular performance. Since 2008, it has had over 50 productions mounted around the world.
Productions
The musical premiered at the Signature Theatre, a professional regional theatre in Arlington, Virginia, from January 15 through February 17, 2008, where it was directed by Eric D. Schaeffer, the artistic director of the theatre, with musical staging by assistant director Matthew Gardiner. Musical accompaniment consisted of a four-piece band. The show earned generally good notices at the Signature Theatre, including a rave review from The Washington Post.
Glory Days began previews on Broadway at the Circle in the Square Theatre on April 22, 2008, with an official opening on May 6, 2008. Schaeffer again directed, and the Broadway production featured the same actors who starred in the Signature Theatre production. The Broadway engagement was produced by John O'Boyle, Ricky Stevens, Richard E. Leopold and Lizzie Leopold, and Max Productions in association with Signature Theatre. The production featured sets by James Kronzer, costumes by Sasha Ludwig-Siegel and lighting by Mark Lanks.
The musical closed on May 6, 2008, after only 17 previews and one official performance on Broadway. The producers cited "low advance sales" in announcing the show's closing.
In June 2010, licensing house Playscripts, Inc. published Glory Days. It is now available to be licensed through Broadway Licensing.
In 2009, Takahiro Nishijima, a.k.a. Nissy, lead singer of the Tokyo band Attack All Around, appeared in the international premiere in Tokyo, Japan. In 2021,Glory Days returned to Tokyo for a brand-new production. Since 2008, the musical has been in Tokyo, London, Sydney, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia and several other cities across the United States. Sarah Taylor Ellis, writing for Stage and Cinema, noted that "the flop wasn't really a flop after all" about the 2011 Los Angeles production starring Derek Klena.
Background
The summer after their first-year student year of college, actor-songwriter Nick Blaemire, who would go on to make their broadway debut in the same season Glory Days premiered, in Cry-Baby (musical), approached their high school friend, James Gardiner (both grew up near Washington, D.C.), also an actor, with an idea for an original new musical. Gardiner joined in the project after hearing Blaemire's song "Open Road". After working on the show for about two years, the two brought the show to Eric Schaeffer, the artistic director of the Signature Theatre, who agreed to produce the musical. Like several recent Broadway musicals, the show is performed in one act of 90 minutes.
Peter Marks, in their Washington Post review of the Signature Theatre production, wrote that it is a "fresh and vivacious one-act musical... real and surprisingly moving.... The buoyant product of the talented young team..., Glory Days swiftly, tunefully and yes, authentically latches onto the rhythms of late adolescence and plays them back to us as the music of wrenching transitions."
James Howard, in their BroadwayWorld review wrote "It's about that elusive thing – real emotion between grown men. Perhaps that is the greatest glory of this terrific new musical."
Synopsis
Four high school friends meet one night, a year after graduation, on the high school football field's bleachers. Will introduces the background of the four friends ("My Three Best Friends"). Will has invited the three of their friends, Andy (Will's college roommate), Skip (who went to an Ivy league school), and Jack (similarly separated from Will, Andy, and Skip, though where is not specified) to meet with him. As the friends arrive ("Are You Ready For Tonight?"), Will begins to catch up with their friends and in the process gets caught up in a traditional match of male-bonding/one-upsmanship with Andy over their College sexual exploits ("We've Got Girls"). Will also mentions the purpose of the midnight meeting: to play a prank on the friends' high school rivals/oppressors/classmates, and though all four are not right off the bat on board for the prank Will manages to convince them ("Right Here").
The first plot twist arrives when Jack reveals that they are gay ("Open Road"), after which Andy privately airs their misgivings and their feelings of betrayal to Will ("Things Are Different"), whereat Will convinces Andy to stay despite how uncomfortable Andy is being around Jack. Skip proceeds to expound on their recent intuitions about life and the generation to which the four friends belong ("Generation Apathy"). After hearing about how their friends have changed, Will sits back and reflects on the difference between the reality of the get together and what they assumed it would be like ("After All"). After reading Will's Journal, the four friends compare notes about high school and recount the "glory days" of the past ("The Good Old Glory Type Days"). Jack then takes Will aside to ask them about what they think about Jack's revelation, and asks Will what Will thinks Andy thinks, where Will betrays Andy's confidence and half-lies to Jack to cushion the blow of Andy's misgivings, going on to "explain" Andy to Jack ("The Thing About Andy").
Further complications arise in the direct aftermath of Will and Jack's conference when Jack expresses some feelings for Will whereupon they and Will are caught by Andy and Skip. An altercation brews when Andy interprets this as a further betrayal and explodes at Will, who is then defended by Jack (who unintentionally validates Andy's assumption). The argument grows more heated and more confusing as Skip leaps to Jack's defense and Will attempts to make peace between the four friends ("Forget About It"). During the argument Andy throws an angry epithet at Will, and Jack and Andy then vent their mutual feelings of betrayal and anger at a new level of emotional violence ("Other Human Beings") after which Jack departs. Skip then turns on Andy, who vents their ire, exposes the lies Will had told, and demands their due from the two remaining friends ("My Turn"), after which Andy storms off. Learning what truly happened from Will, Skip then talks Will into accepting their mistakes ("Boys"), and Skip leaves Will alone on the field. Will reexamines their life and decides to stop living in the past and move forward like their friends have ("My Next Story").
Roles and original cast
Will — Steven Booth
Andy — Andrew C. Call
Jack — Jesse JP Johnson
Skip — Adam Halpin
Swing - Alex Brightman
Swing - Jermey Woodard
Musical numbers
"My Three Best Friends" – Will
"Are You Ready for Tonight?" – All
"We've Got Girls" – Will and Andy
"Right Here" – All
"Open Road" – Jack
"Things Are Different" – Will and Andy
"Generation Apathy" – Skip
"After All" – Will
"The Good Old Glory Type Days" – All
"The Thing About Andy" - Will and Jack
"Forget About It" - All
"Other Human Beings" - Jack and Andy
"My Turn" - Andy
"Boys" - Will and Skip
"My Next Story" - Will
References
External links
Review of regional production from Talkin' Broadway
Interview with Gardiner and Blaemire
"Variety" review, Jan. 22, 2008
West Coast Premiere Production, Fall 2010
Broadway musicals
2008 musicals
The original Tiger Park was a softball stadium located on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The stadium was located on the southwest corner of West Chimes Street and Alaska Street. It served as the home field of the LSU Tigers softball team from 1997 to 2008. The official capacity of the stadium was 1,000 people, however, the stadium held more than that when important rivals came to town or during post-season tournaments. The largest crowd to see a game in the original Tiger Park was on April 28, 2007, when LSU hosted Tennessee before a crowd of 2,326.
The stadium was opened prior to the 1997 college softball season and played host to four NCAA Regionals in 1999, 2000, 2001, and 2006 and hosted the 2008 SEC Softball Tournament. The 2008 season was the twelfth and final season in the original Tiger Park. LSU closed out the original Tiger Park with a home record of 331–51, including 140–34 in the SEC and 1–1 in the SEC Tournament.
See also
Tiger Park
LSU Lady Tigers softball
LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers
References
Defunct college softball venues in the United States
Demolished sports venues in Louisiana
LSU Tigers softball venues
Softball venues in Louisiana
1997 establishments in Louisiana
Sports venues completed in 1997
2008 disestablishments in Louisiana
2012 disestablishments in Louisiana
Sports venues demolished in 2012
Birch Island Provincial Park is a remote provincial park located on Lake Winnipegosis in Manitoba, Canada. The park is bordered on its western boundary by the Swan-Pelican Provincial Forest and on its eastern side by Chitek Lake Anishinaabe Provincial Park.
Surface bedrock on Birch Island is Devonian limestone and dolomite. The Keewatin Glacier contributed a 4 foot layer of ground moraine. Post-glacial Lake Agassiz gradually drained away leaving the modern group of lakes, Lake Winnipeg, Lake Winnipegosis and Lake Manitoba. Soils on the island are classified as eutric brunisol.
Birch Island supports coniferous forest of jack pine and black spruce. Black spruce muskeg is found in the poorly drained areas.
Moose, black bear, wolf, lynx, snowshoe hares and white-tailed deer are residential mammals of this park. Herons, terns and double-crested cormorants use Birch Island and the nearby small islands and shallows as nesting habitat.
The area was first set aside as a park reserve in May 2000 to prepare for the park designation. The area was designated a provincial park by the Government of Manitoba on November 1, 2010. The park is in size. It is considered to be a Class II protected area under the IUCN protected area management categories. The park is located within the Pelican Lake Ecodistrict in the Mid-Boreal Lowland Ecoregion within the Boreal Plains Ecozone.
Hunting, fishing and other gathering activities are permitted but the park designation as backcountry prevents other types of development including logging, mining and hydroelectric development. There are no services within the park.
See also
List of protected areas of Manitoba
External links
References
Provincial parks of Manitoba
Parks in Parkland Region, Manitoba
Protected areas of Manitoba
Sigurd Syr (Old Norse: Sigurðr Sýr) (died c. 1018) was a Norwegian petty king of Ringerike, a region in Buskerud. They were notable in Norwegian history largely through their association with Kings Harald Hardrada and Olaf II of Norway. By their marriage with Åsta Gudbrandsdatter after their first husband Harald Grenske had died, Sigurd Syr was stepfather of King Olaf II and the father of King Harald III.
Biography
The traditional view of Sigurd Halvdansson Syr's pedigree, as presented in various Icelandic poems and historical sagas culminating in Snorri Sturluson's Heimskringla, is that they were a great-grandson of King Harald Fairhair, through Harald's son Sigurd Rise. Doubt has been cast on their connection with Sigurd Rise, a relatively obscure son of Harald Fairhair by a Sami girl named Snæfrithr Svásadottir. Sigurd Syr's father Halfdan may not have been King Harald's grandson Halfdan of Hadafylke. There are no contemporary attestations of such a Halfdan. It is not very likely that this lineage represents historical realities. Many modern historians regard the Fairhair genealogy as in large part invented.
According to Heimskringla, Sigurd Syr was a prudent man, taciturn and generally modest, although very wealthy. They were known as a good caretaker of their property, personally involved in managing it, and wise and peaceful. They may well have owned several large farms. Their nickname "Syr" can be translated as meaning "sow or swine" (related to Old Norse svīn). The reason for this is unknown; P.A. Munch suggested that it was because their attention was so focused on farming and that their nickname meant "One who digs or roots in the soil of the field". Since Sigurd was a respected man of high birth, the epithet was most probably an honorable title. They were also promised the throne of England and their son Harald went to get it for them when they died.
Sigurd Syr was baptized into the Christian faith in 998. According to the Heimskringla, "King Olaf Tryggvason came to Ringerike to spread Christianity, Sigurd Syr and their wife allowed themselves to be baptized".
Sigurd Syr was not personally politically ambitious. They were not fond of the pomp and ceremony of nobility, but played their expected part. They fully supported their stepson Olaf's ambitions to leadership and command. In 1014, they successfully petitioned their peers, the other Norwegian local kings, for their support in their stepson's cause when Olav wanted to build an army in Norway.
Family
According to the sagas, Sigurd Syr and their wife Åsta Gudbrandsdatter were good and noble rulers and had the following children together:
Guttorm
Gunnhild - married Ketil Kalv of Ringnes in Stange
Halfdan
Ingerid - married Nevstein, mother of Tore, foster-father of King Magnus Barefoot
Harald Hardrada - King of Norway from 1046 to 1066, sometimes called 'the last great Viking'
References
Norwegian petty kings
1018 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Shawn Vernon Miller (born March 14, 1961 in Ogden, Utah) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. They were signed by the Los Angeles Rams as an undrafted free agent in 1984. They played college football at Utah State.
References
1961 births
Living people
American football defensive ends
American football defensive tackles
Utah State Aggies football players
Los Angeles Rams players
National Football League replacement players
Pharr-San Juan-Alamo (PSJA) Southwest High School is a public school in Pharr, Texas (United States). It is part of the Pharr-San Juan-Alamo Independent School District and is one of the district's six high schools.
Student demographics
As of the 2010–2011 school year, Southwest High School had a total of 351 students. 89.5% of the students are considered economically disadvantaged.
Attendance area and feeder patterns
The school's attendance boundary includes much of southern Pharr, including the Las Milpas area.
Feeder elementary schools include C. Anaya, Cesar Chavez, Escobar, Garcia, Kelly-Pharr, Palmer, and B. Palacios. The two feeder middle schools are John F., Robert F., and Edward M. Kennedy and Jaime Escalante.
References
External links
Pharr-San Juan-Alamo ISD
Pharr, Texas
Pharr-San Juan-Alamo Independent School District high schools
The Heiresses () is a 1980 Hungarian drama film directed by Márta Mészáros and starring Isabelle Huppert. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.
Cast
Isabelle Huppert - Irène
Erzsébet Kútvölgyi - Iréne (voice)
Lili Monori - Szilvia
Jan Nowicki - Ákos
Sándor Oszter - Ákos (voice)
Juci Komlós - Teréz (voice)
Zita Perczel - Teréz
Sándor Szabó - Komáromi
Zsolt Körtvélyessy
Witold Holtz
Éva Gyulányi
Zoltán Jancsó
Piotr Skrzynecki - Fülöp bácsi (as Piotr Skrzinecki)
Kati Sír
Károly Mécs
See also
Isabelle Huppert on screen and stage
References
External links
1980 films
1980s Hungarian-language films
1980 drama films
Films directed by Márta Mészáros
Hungarian drama films
Luigi Piccinato (30 October 1899 – 29 July 1983) was an Italian architect and town planner.
Works
Urbanistica medioevale, Florence, 1943
Napoli Centrale railway station, Naples, 1954
Stadio Adriatico, Pescara, 1955
A-Block Apartment Buildings in the First Section of Ataköy, Istanbul, 1957
La strada come strumento di progettazione urbanistica, Rome, 1960
Bibliography
Cesare de Sessa, Luigi Piccinato, architetto, Dedalo libri, Bari 1985
Federico Malusardi, Luigi Piccinato e l'urbanistica moderna, Officina, Roma 1993
Elio Franzin, Luigi Piccinato e l'antiurbanistica a Padova 1927-1974 con alcuni scritti padovani di Luigi Piccinato, Ed. Il prato, Saonara (PD), 2005
Luigi Piccinato: Il "Momento Urbanistico" alla Prima Mostra Nazionale dei Piani Regolatori, con 51 illustrazioni, in "Architettura e Arti Decorative" Anno IX, Fascicolo V e VI gennaio-febbraio 1930 Leggere l'articolo
Luigi Piccinato (1899-1983) et Nikolaus Pevsner (1902-1983), in "Architettura, cronache e storia" vol. 29, no. 11 (337), 1983 Nov, p. 761
References
Arch. Piccinato Luigi. Fascismo - Architettura - Arte / Arte fascista web site
1899 births
1983 deaths
People from Legnago
20th-century Italian architects
Italian fascist architecture
Italian urban planners
The Shacha () is a river in Kostroma Oblast, Russia. It is a left tributary of the Kostroma River. It is long, and has a drainage basin of .
References
Rivers of Kostroma Oblast
Musa Agha al-Hasi was an Ottoman commander of Arab irregulars in the Galilee under governors Sulayperson Pasha al-Adil and Abdullah Pasha.
Biography
Musa Agha came from Faiyum in Upper Egypt. They hailed from the Bedouin Hanadi tribe. When the Ottoman commander Jezzar Pasha stayed in Egypt in the late 18th century, they developed a close association with the Ainawiyeh tribe of the Damanhur region near the Nile Delta. On Jezzar's return to Palestine to end the autonomous rule of Zahir al-Umar and their sons on behalf of the Sublime Porte, they took with them a contingent of Ainawiyeh tribesmen and gave them the honorary name of 'Arab al-Hawwara, which was meant to associate them with the well-known, but unrelated, Upper Egyptian tribe, who were "distinguished ... in bravery, horsemanship and equipments", according to Macalister and Masterman.
Following their death in 1804, Jezzar, who had become the Acre-based governor of Sidon Eyalet, was succeeded by Suleiman Pasha al-Adil. In 1811, Musa moved to Gaza in Palestine. Musa sought to enjoy the favor Suleiman and their predecessor gave to the Hawwara tribesmen and requested military service. Suleiman made them a commander of the Hawwara horsemen and their successor Abdullah Pasha promoted Musa to be in charge of an even larger Hawwara contingent. Along with their co-commander, Ali Abu Zayd Agha, Musa was in charge of 400 horsemen. According to the Macalister and Masterman, Musa "was famed for their bravery and generosity."
According to Macalister and Masterman, Musa died during Abdullah Pasha's siege of Sanur. However, according to historian Alexander Schölch, they died in Gaza in 1830. Musa left three sons, Ali, Aqil, and Salih. Aqil succeeded their father as the Hawwara's commander.
References
Bibliography
1830 deaths
19th-century Egyptian people
19th-century Ottoman military personnel
Arabs in Ottoman Palestine
People from Faiyum
People from Gaza City
Ford Racing is a racing video game series consisting of seven titles released for various platforms, including the PlayStation, PlayStation 2, personal computer (PC) and Xbox. The games in the Ford Racing series center around racing modern and vintage Ford cars and trucks through specifically designed tracks, while competing against computer-driven (and sometimes player-driven) opponents. The series began with the release of Ford Racing in 2000. The latest game, titled Ford Racing Off Road, was released in 2008; the game featured the addition of vehicles from Land Rover, which was owned by Ford at the time.
Video games
Ford Racing (2000)
Ford Racing was released for the PC in November 2000, followed by a PlayStation version released in January 2001. Elite Systems developed the PC version, while Toolbox Design developed the PlayStation version. Both versions were published by Empire Interactive. The game features 12 Ford cars from both the United States and Europe lines and 9 tracks on which to race. The game features a career mode with several different types of races and the ability to upgrade the cars with various upgrades.
On Metacritic, the PlayStation version has a score of 53, while the PC version has a score of 51, both indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Ford Racing 2 (2003)
Ford Racing 2 was released on October 28, 2003 for the PlayStation 2 (PS2), followed by releases for the PC and Xbox later that year. Gotham Games and Razorworks developed the game, which was published by Empire Interactive and Take-Two Interactive. It was released for the Mac OS X in October 2004 by Feral Interactive. The sequel includes 30 Ford cars, 16 racing tracks, the ability to race head-to-head, over 30 challenges and other features.
On Metacritic, the PS2 version has a score of 51, while the Xbox version has a score of 62, both indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Ford Racing 3 (2004)
Ford Racing 3 was released in Europe on October 29, 2004, followed by a U.S. release the following year. The game was released for PC, PS2, Xbox, Game Boy Advance (GBA), and Nintendo DS. Visual Impact Productions developed the GBA and DS versions, while Razorworks developed the other versions. Empire Interactive and Global Star Software published the game, which includes 55 different types of Ford vehicles and 14 different tracks.
On Metacritic, the PS2 and Xbox versions have a score of 50 and 58 respectively, each indicating "mixed or average reviews", while the DS version has a score of 49, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
Ford Mustang: The Legend Lives (2005)
Ford Mustang: The Legend Lives, featuring only Ford Mustangs, was the next game in the series. It was developed by Eutechnyx and published by 2K Games, and released for the PS2 and Xbox in April 2005. The game features 40 Mustang vehicles dating to 1964. The game features three single-player game modes, and includes 22 race tracks set in seven U.S. cities.
On Metacritic, the PS2 version has a score of 58, while the Xbox version has a score of 55, both indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Ford Racing Full Blown (2006)
In 2006, Empire Interactive partnered with Sega Amusements Europe to develop an arcade game based on the series, titled Ford Racing Full Blown. The game was released in Europe in March 2006.
Ford Street Racing (2006)
Ford Street Racing, developed by Razorworks, was released in 2006, for PC, PS2, PlayStation Portable (PSP), and Xbox. The PSP version was published by Eidos Interactive, while the other versions were published by Empire Interactive.
Ford Racing Off Road (2008)
Ford Racing Off Road, released outside of the U.S. as Off Road, is the latest game in the series, released in 2008 for the PC, PS2, PSP and Wii. Off Road was developed by Razorworks and published by Empire Interactive. The game features 18 officially licensed Land Rover and Ford vehicles, 12 detailed tracks and 3 different off-road environments (Desert, Water and Ice).
According to Metacritic, the game received "generally unfavorable reviews".
See also
Ford Simulator
Ford Supercar Challenge
Ford vs. Chevy
References
Game Boy Advance games
PlayStation (console) games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation Network games
PlayStation Portable games
Classic macOS games
Nintendo DS games
Wii games
Windows games
Xbox games
Feral Interactive games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
In enzymology, an UDP-arabinose 4-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
UDP-L-arabinose UDP-D-xylose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, UDP-L-arabinose, and one product, UDP-D-xylose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is UDP-L-arabinose 4-epimerase. Other names in common use include uridine diphosphoarabinose epimerase, UDP arabinose epimerase, uridine 5'-diphosphate-D-xylose 4-epimerase, and UDP-D-xylose 4-epimerase. This enzyme participates in nucleotide sugars metabolism.
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
Lilla Essingen is a small island in central Stockholm, Sweden.
It is located on Lake Mälaren next to the larger neighbouring island of Stora Essingen.
Both Essingen Islands (Essingeöarna) are mainly residential areas, the smaller densely packed with apartment buildings while the larger is scattered with private houses and, to a lesser extent, apartment buildings. The Essingeleden motorway, part of the European routes E4 and E20, passing over both islands is named after them.
Bus route 1 (Stora Essingen - Frihamnen) stops at two places on Lilla Essingen, providing transport to central parts of town and connections to the underground network. Bus route 49 stops at five places, connecting the Essinge islands with Kristineberg and adjacent suburbs.
Bridges of Lilla Essingen:
From Kungsholmen:
Mariebergsbron
Fredhällsbron (part of the Essingeleden motorway.)
From Stora Essingen
Essingebron (two bridges, one part of Essingeleden.)
History
Lilla Essingen lies at the edge of what is generally considered central Stockholm, wedged in between Kungsholmen and the outer suburbs. Most of the island was initially an industrial area; at the time, most industrial transport was waterbound and thus the coastal plots were usually rimmed with industries. In 1908, the manufacturing facilities of Lux, a company manufacturing lamps for lighthouses, were moved to Lilla Essingen. The initial complex was composed of a workshop and an office building, the latter still present at the edge of the newly built flats. In 1912, the manufacturing was extended to include vacuum cleaners thanks to a contract with Axel Wenner-Gren. In 1919, the company was merged with AB Elektro-Mekaniska, creating today's Electrolux.
The facilities built on Lilla Essingen kept growing, and when the main workshop was destroyed by fire in 1936, the renovation included a lot of expansion. Quite a lot of ground was filled up on the edge of the water to allow for more construction.
A lot of Electroluxs main production facilities in Sweden was composed of the factory on Lilla Essingen. Almost the entire complex dating from the late 1930s was built in the by then modern architecture composed of a lot of red brick. A few of those facades are still present, incorporated in the modern architecture of today.
In the 1990s, Electrolux stirred quite a bit of a debate when it filed a request to rebuild a lot of its industrial areas. Considering the immense changes in mechanics and industry since the 1940s, the workshops were obviously outdated. The Stockholm City Museum, however, had a special interest in the facilities on Lilla Essingen and required certain insight into the renovation of the area. At this point, Electrolux decided to completely remove its operations on the island and the facilities were bought by the estate development company JM, with the intent to construct apartment blocks.
References
External links
Maps and aerial photos
Islands of Stockholm
Districts of Stockholm
Islands of Mälaren
Redeveloped ports and waterfronts in Sweden
Chrysophyllum wilsonii is a tree in the family Sapotaceae, native to Brazil.
Description
Chrysophyllum wilsonii grows up to tall, with a trunk diameter of up to . It has buttresses up to high. The elliptic or oblanceolate leaves measure up to long. Fascicles feature up to ten yellow-green flowers. The roundish fruits ripen to yellow and measure up to in diameter.
Distribution and habitat
Chrysophyllum wilsonii is endemic to Brazil, where it is confined to the forest reserves of the Biological Dynamics of Forest Fragments Project near Manaus, in Amazonas state. Its habitat is in terra firme forest (not subject to river flooding), at altitudes of .
Conservation
Chrysophyllum wilsonii has been assessed as endangered on the IUCN Red List. It is threatened by population growth in the area, leading to residential development in its habitat. It is also threatened by deforestation for cattle farming. Water pollution by heavy metals from urban landfills poses a threat to the species.
References
wilsonii
Flora of North Brazil
Plants described in 2006
Dhuan Kalan is a village near Deoli city, in the Tonk district of Rajasthan, India. Khurd and Kalan Persian language word which means small and Big respectively when two villages have same name then it is distinguished as Kalan means Big and Khurd means Small with Village Name.
The famous saint and social reformer Dhanna Bhagat was born in village Chauru in Tonk district but their father moved to this village and settled here. This village was earlier known as Abhaynagar. There is a Gurudwara of Saint Dhanna Bhagat in village Duan Kala. There was a grand 'Gurumat chetna yatra' started from this Gurudwara in 2004 in memory of completion of 400 years of Gurugranth sahib.
References
Villages in Tonk district
Klobučar is a Croatian and Slovenian surname (from klobučar, "hatter") and toponym, which may refer to:
People with the surname
Anđelko Klobučar (1931–2016), Croatian composer, organist and professor
Berislav Klobučar (1924–2014), Croatian opera conductor
Jaka Klobučar (born 1987), Slovenian professional basketball player
Jan Klobučar (born 1992), Slovenian volleyball player
Mira Klobučar (1888–1956), Croatian painter
Geography
Klobučar (island), uninhabited island in Croatia
See also
Klobuchar (surname)
Croatian surnames
Slovene-language surnames
Kamila Gradus (born 19 March 1967 in Warsaw, Mazowieckie) is a retired Polish marathon runner, who represented their native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
Achievements
All results regarding marathon, unless stated otherwise
See also
Polish records in athletics
References
1967 births
Living people
Polish female long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Poland
Athletes from Warsaw
Legia Warsaw athletes
20th-century Polish women
21st-century Polish women
Araizawa Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.3 km2. The dam impounds about 1 ha of land when full and can store 60 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1952.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1952 establishments in Japan
The music of Genoa includes a number of important musical venues. Genoa, a major port, is the capital of the region of Liguria and in the 19th century aspired to recognition as a cultural center more in keeping with its role as a major city in the history of the Risorgimento, the political, social, and military movement that eventually led to the unification of the modern nation state of Italy.
Venues
The Teatro Carlo Felice was built in 1828 and named for the monarch of the then kingdom of Sardinia (which included the present regions of Sardinia, Piedmont, Savoy, and Liguria). The theater was the center of music and social life in the 1800s. On various occasions in the history of the theatre, presentations have been conducted by Mascagni, Richard Strauss, Hindemith and Stravinsky.
On the occasion of the Christopher Columbus celebration in 1992, new musical life was given to the area around the old port, including the restoration of the house of Niccolò Paganini. Additionally, the city is the site of the Teatro Gustavo Modena, the only theatre to have survived the bombings of World War II relatively intact. The city is the site of the Niccolò Paganini music conservatory. In the town of Santa Margherita Ligure, the ancient Abbey of Cervara is often the site of chamber music concerts.
Giovine Orchestra Genovese, one of the oldest concert societies in Italy, was founded in Genoa in 1912 and has been organizing its concerts at the Teatro Carlo Felice since 1991.
Folk tradition
The city has also produced a well-known form of folk music in trallalero, a polyphonic vocal music, performed by five men, the tenor, baritone, alto, chitarra and bass. Trallalero thrived in Genoa in the early 20th century, especially the 1920s, when there were many clubs like Tugini's in the city.
External links
Genoa music conservatory
Concerts today in Genoa
References
Surian, Alessio. "Tenores and Tarantellas". 2000. In Broughton, Simon and Ellingham, Mark with McConnachie, James and Duane, Orla (Ed.), World Music, Vol. 1: Africa, Europe and the Middle East, pp. 189 – 201
Genoa
Culture in Genoa
Thomas Pledl (born 23 May 1994) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career
Pledl went through the renowned youth ranks of TSV 1860 Munich before leaving the club in 2012 to join Greuther Fürth. For Greuther Fürth they made their Bundesliga debut in November of the same year, as a substitute for Felix Klaus in a 2–0 defeat to Hannover 96.
In January 2015, after two and half years with Fürth, they moved to fellow 2. Bundesliga club FC Ingolstadt 04 who were battling for promotion to the Bundesliga at that time. They signed a contract for four and half years until 2020. They were loaned to SV Sandhausen on 16 January 2016.
On 10 April 2019, Fortuna Düsseldorf confirmed that Pledl would join the club from the 2019–20 season. They penned a two-year contract.
References
External links
1994 births
Footballers from Bavaria
People from Regen (district)
Sportspeople from Lower Bavaria
Living people
German footballers
Germany youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
FC Ingolstadt 04 players
SV Sandhausen players
FC Ingolstadt 04 II players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
Fortuna Düsseldorf II players
Regionalliga players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
The Kaumajet Mountains are a dramatic compact mountain range rising directly out of the sea on the northern Labrador coast. The mountain range has one peak, the highest island peak on the east coast of North America between the Caribbean and Hudson Strait, and several peaks with very high prominence. The highest mountain in the Kaumajet Mountains is Brave Mountain at .
See also
List of mountain ranges
External links
Labrador
Mountain ranges of Newfoundland and Labrador
David Yu (born 6 November 1967) is the former chief executive officer of Internet betting exchange Betfair and a tech investor.
Education and early career
Yu studied computer science at UC Berkeley and Stanford. They moved to London from California in 2000 at the behest of their employer Alta Vista.
Betfair
They became chief technology officer of Betfair in 2001. They were promoted to the position of CEO in January 2006 during a turbulent time for the company that saw the shakeup of the positions of CEO and Chairman with Sir Robert Horton being forced out as Chairman. As an IT guy, Yu's promotion to the helm was unusual. They took the company public on the London Stock Exchange in October 2010. David Yu stood down as CEO and from the Board on 31 December 2011 after a 60% drop in share value in the year after listing and the subsequent appointment of Breon Corcoran as their replacement.
Tech investor
 They are an early stage tech investor. They were among a group of individual investors and firms that invested seed money in TransferWise, a payment transfer company.
References
External links
Interview with Silicon.com
Video of TechCrunch interview
Succession process for CEO of Betfair to begin
1967 births
American computer businesspeople
British chief executives
American people of Chinese descent
American technology chief executives
American expatriates in the United Kingdom
Gambling in the United Kingdom
Living people
American chief technology officers
UC Berkeley College of Engineering alumni
Stanford University alumni
Malik-Shah III (died 1160) ruled as Sultan of Great Seljuq from 1152–53. They were the son of Mahmud II of Great Seljuq. In 1153, they were deposed and was succeeded by their brother, Muhammad. Following their death in 1160, their son Mahmud was held in Istakhr by the Salghurids as a rival claimant to the Seljuq throne.
References
Seljuk rulers
1160 deaths
Year of birth unknown
2008–09 Eerste Klasse was a Dutch association football season of the Eerste Klasse.
Saturday champions were:
A: ODIN '59
B: TOGR
C: LRC Leerdam
D: CSV Apeldoorn
E: ACV Assen
Sunday champions were:
A: FC Chabab
B: SC Feyenoord
C: SV OSS '20
D: UDI '19
E: Juliana '31
F: VV Nieuw Buinen
References
Eerste Klasse seasons
4
Giovanni Migliara (Alessandria, October 15, 1785 – Milan, April 18, 1837), was a nobleman and Italian painter active at the beginning of the 19th century, painting vedute and history paintings.
Biography
Born to artisan parents of limited means, they were apprenticed to the sculptor Giuseppe Maria Bonzanigo. They also studied at the Brera Academy with Giocondo Albertolli and began their career as a set designer in the Teatro Carcano (1804) and La Scala (1805 - 1809), under the direction of Alessandro Sanquirico.
Due to a serious lung disorder, they stopped working for a time. Then, from 1810, they began painting again (mostly miniatures) in watercolours and oils on different media, (canvas, silk, and ivory). They made their return to the art world with an exhibition of four cityscapes at the Brera Academy in 1812.
While the Milanese painting scene was dominated by neoclassic painters Andrea Appiani and Luigi Sabatelli, Giovanni Migliara stayed with the historical themes and medieval subtlety of romanticism. With their improved technique, their choice of subjects, and the quality of their work, they became a favorite of the Milanese aristocracy. In 1822, they were named Professor at the Brera Academy and, in 1833, they were named court painter for King Charles Albert of Sardinia, after being presented with the Civil Order of Savoy.
As well as their historical canvases, they produced a number of church interiors in a topographical style. They were also the author of Trattato di geometria descrittiva, published in 1813.
Among their pupils were Giovanni Renica of Brescia, Luigi Bisi, and Federico Moja.
Selected paintings
Works
View of Campo San Giovanni e Paolo with the facade of the School of San Marco,
Vedute from Rialto Bridge in Venice.
Interior of the Church of San Lorenzo, Milan Museum.
Via Fatabene Fratelli (1830), Milan.
Portico of the Church of San Lorenzo (v.1814), Milan.
Vestibule of a Convent (1833), Alexandria Art Gallery.
Entrance to the Château de Plessis de la Tour (1833), Civic Modern Art Gallery, Turin.
Confalonieri e Pellico alla applicazione del metodo Lancaster-Bell di mutuo insegnament, Museum of the Risorgimento (Turin)
Bibliography
Elena Lissoni, Giovanni Migliara, online catalogue Artgate by Fondazione Cariplo, 2010, CC BY-SA.
References
External links
People from Alessandria
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
19th-century Italian painters
Painters from Milan
1785 births
1837 deaths
Brera Academy faculty
Italian vedutisti
19th-century Italian male artists
"Rise up, Ukraine!" () was a nationwide series of political protests by opposition parties All-Ukrainian Union "Fatherland", UDAR and All-Ukrainian Union "Svoboda" against the government of the president of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych in Ukraine that kicked off on 14 March 2013. It was intended as a two-month campaign to end on 18 May 2013 in Kyiv. But the provisional final date was initially from May 2013 postponed to 24 August 2013, Independence Day of Ukraine. In June 2013 the organisers claimed that no final end of the protest had been set.
Kyiv protest
A campaign against the government of president of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych took place on May 18, 2013. The event was initially prepared by the country's political opposition parties and number of civil movements as a culmination point to depose the president of Ukraine. Since then the protest in Kyiv however transformed into a preliminary final, while the new provisional final date was postponed to August 24, 2013, the Independence Day.
The Kyiv protest grew into a mass national scandal between a number of journalists and the parliamentary opposition deputies who tried to prove that authorities provoked disorder in the capital using armored military vehicles and sports athletes and the country's ruling party that denied any allegations and blaming everything on the opposition.
The marches were estimated to have 20,000 to 30,000 participants.
Preparations
The Kyiv events of May 18, the Europe Day in Ukraine, should have been a conclusion of the ongoing national campaign "Rise up, Ukraine!" that started on March 14, 2013. During the demonstrations the parliamentary opposition was supposed to announce the joint candidate to the 2015 presidential elections.
On May 16, 2013 the Kyiv City State Administration approved to hold both rallies, one led by the Party of Regions as "Into Europe without fascism" and another led by a coalition of opposition parliamentary parties as part of "Rise up, Ukraine!" campaign. As the start of the event drew close the members of parliamentary opposition were complaining that the authorities were impeding arrival of the event willing participants that were coming to Kyiv.
Along with the main political demonstrations that day in Kyiv were scheduled a lot of other public events. For example, the Social-Patriotic Assembly of Slavs planned to conduct a march "Ukraine - above all else" before noon, the Kyiv City State Administration authorities planned the opening of the European Village with participation of the Ambassador of the European Union Jan Tombiński and Minister of Foreign Affairs Leonid Kozhara. Also that day were supposed to take place Ice Cream Festival, cycling and motor trials with participation of sports vehicles, the International football festival "Great Ball" and many more.
"Rise up, Ukraine!" route
The demonstration "Rise up, Ukraine!" was scheduled to take place from 10:00 in the morning to 19:00 in the evening starting at the European Square. The Kyiv City Administration managed to find agreement with the All-Ukrainian Union Fatherland to leave the European Square by 12:15 in the afternoon and asked the Party of Regions not to start any events at the same square before 13:00.
"A group of athletic men in tracksuits" assaulted attendees of the "Rise up, Ukraine!" march and journalists.
"In Europe without fascism" route
The demonstration of Party of Regions which the party had called "anti-fascist demonstration" was planned to take place from 9:00 to 15:00 o'clock starting at the Memorial Complex "Museum of the Great Patriotic War 1941-1945" and finishing at the European Square. Participants of the rally ‘To Europe Without Fascists' received compensation from Party of Regions "for the bus and daily expenses".
Earlier that spring more "Joining Europe without Fascists!" marches and "gathering" under the auspices of the Party of Regions were held. The 18 May 2013 march was meant as "final anti-fascist rally" of a "nationwide four-day meeting". According to press reports public employees had been ordered to attend the marches and gatherings.
The Jewish organisations Congress of the National Communities of Ukraine and the Association of Jewish Organizations and Communities have spoken out against the "Joining Europe without Fascists!" marches; calling them "aimed primarily to discredit the political opposition".
Demonstrations and rallies
Both rallies started to gather at the European Square on 18 May 2013 at 11:30. The rally of opposition eventually was supposed to march onto the Sofia Square (Sofiiska Ploshcha).
Highlights
Military vehicle blocked
Participation of hostile civilians (athletes) in cooperation with militsiya
Passive actions from militsiya on demands of demonstrators to stop violence, allowing a civil disorder
Legacy
The term Titushky (unofficial pro-government mercenaries), much used during the 2013-2014 Euromaidan, derived from an attack by Vadym Titushko on Channel Five journalists in Kyiv on 18 May 2013.
See also
Ukraine without Kuchma
Orange Revolution
Euromaidan
List of protests in the 21st century
References
External links
Photos from both the demonstrations. Ministry of Interior website. May 18, 2013
2010s in Kyiv
Social movements in Ukraine
Protests in Ukraine
Politics of Ukraine
2013 in Ukraine
Political scandals in Ukraine
2013 protests
Ukrainian democracy movements
Riots and civil disorder in Ukraine
Viktor Yanukovych
Klitschko brothers
Sir Philip Rogers, CBE, (19 September 1908 – 16 April 1994) was a British business person closely associated with Nigeria and Kenya, in both countries making valuable contributions to their progress towards independence.
Rogers was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1952 for their services to Nigeria and was knighted in 1961.
Early life and career
Rogers was educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton before joining British American Tobacco.
Their later positions included:
President, Nigeria Chamber of Commerce, 1948 and 1950;
Chairman, East African Tobacco Co Ltd, 1951–63;
Chairman, Rift Valley Cigarette Co Ltd, 1956–63;
President, Nairobi Chamber of Commerce, 1957;
Chairman, Governing Council, Royal Technical College of East Africa 1958-60 (and served on the board of governors of the College of Social Studies, and was a founder of the University of Kenya);
Chairman, Tobacco Research Council.
Wartime service
During the Second World War, Rogers served with the Royal West African Frontier Force and Intelligence Corps.
Sources
Obituary of Sir Philip Rogers, The Independent, 21 April 1994
1908 births
1994 deaths
People educated at Blundell's School
Knights Bachelor
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal West African Frontier Force officers
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British expatriates in Nigeria
People of colonial Nigeria
British expatriates in Kenya
In the mathematical field of representation theory, a Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomial is a member of a family of integral polynomials introduced by . They are indexed by pairs of elements y, w of a Coxeter group W, which can in particular be the Weyl group of a Lie group.
Motivation and history
In the spring of 1978 Kazhdan and Lusztig were studying Springer representations of the Weyl group of an algebraic group on -adic cohomology groups related to unipotent conjugacy classes. They found a new construction of these representations over the complex numbers . The representation had two natural bases, and the transition matrix between these two bases is essentially given by the Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials. The actual Kazhdan–Lusztig construction of their polynomials is more elementary. Kazhdan and Lusztig used this to construct a canonical basis in the Hecke algebra of the Coxeter group and its representations.
In their first paper Kazhdan and Lusztig mentioned that their polynomials were related to the failure of local Poincaré duality for Schubert varieties. In they reinterpreted this in terms of the intersection cohomology of Mark Goresky and Robert MacPherson, and gave another definition of such a basis in terms of the dimensions of certain intersection cohomology groups.
The two bases for the Springer representation reminded Kazhdan and Lusztig of the two bases for the Grothendieck group of certain infinite dimensional representations of semisimple Lie algebras, given by Verma modules and simple modules. This analogy, and the work of Jens Carsten Jantzen and Anthony Joseph relating primitive ideals of enveloping algebras to representations of Weyl groups, led to the Kazhdan–Lusztig conjectures.
Definition
Fix a Coxeter group W with generating set S, and write for the length of an element w (the smallest length of an expression for w as a product of elements of S). The Hecke algebra of W has a basis of elements for over the ring , with multiplication defined by
The quadratic second relation implies that each generator is invertible in the Hecke algebra, with inverse . These inverses satisfy the relation (obtained by multiplying the quadratic relation for by −2q−1), and also the braid relations. From this it follows that the Hecke algebra has an automorphism D that sends q1/2 to q−1/2 and each to . More generally one has ; also D can be seen to be an involution.
The Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials Pyw(q) are indexed by a pair of elements y, w of W, and uniquely determined by the following properties.
They are 0 unless y ≤ w (in the Bruhat order of W), 1 if y = w, and for y < w their degree is at most (ℓ(w) − ℓ(y) − 1)/2.
The elements
are invariant under the involution D of the Hecke algebra. The elements form a basis of the Hecke algebra as a -module, called the Kazhdan–Lusztig basis.
To establish existence of the Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials, Kazhdan and Lusztig gave a simple recursive procedure for computing the polynomials Pyw(q) in terms of more elementary polynomials denoted Ryw(q). defined by
They can be computed using the recursion relations
The Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials can then be computed recursively using the relation
using the fact that the two terms on the left are polynomials in q1/2 and q−1/2 without constant terms. These formulas are tiresome to use by hand for rank greater than about 3, but are well adapted for computers, and the only limit on computing Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials with them is that for large rank the number of such polynomials exceeds the storage capacity of computers.
Examples
If y ≤ w then Py,w has constant term 1.
If y ≤ w and then Py,w = 1.
If w = w0 is the longest element of a finite Coxeter group then Py,w = 1 for all y.
If W is the Coxeter group A1 or A2 (or more generally any Coxeter group of rank at most 2) then Py,w is 1 if y≤w and 0 otherwise.
If W is the Coxeter group A3 with generating set S = {a, b, c} with a and c commuting then Pb,bacb = 1 + q and Pac,acbca = 1 + q, giving examples of non-constant polynomials.
The simple values of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials for low rank groups are not typical of higher rank groups. For example, for the split form of E8 the most complicated Lusztig–Vogan polynomial (a variation of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials: see below) is
showed that any polynomial with constant term 1 and non-negative integer coefficients is the Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomial for some pair of elements of some symmetric group.
Kazhdan–Lusztig conjectures
The Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials arise as transition coefficients between their canonical basis and the natural basis of the Hecke algebra. The Inventiones paper also put forth two equivalent conjectures, known now as Kazhdan–Lusztig conjectures, which related the values of their polynomials at 1 with representations of complex semisimple Lie groups and Lie algebras, addressing a long-standing problem in representation theory.
Let W be a finite Weyl group. For each w ∈ W denote by be the Verma module of the highest weight where ρ is the half-sum of positive roots (or Weyl vector), and let be its irreducible quotient, the simple highest weight module of the highest weight . Both and are locally-finite weight modules over the complex semisimple Lie algebra g with the Weyl group W, and therefore admit an algebraic character. Let us write ch(X) for the character of a g-module X. The Kazhdan–Lusztig conjectures state:
where is the element of maximal length of the Weyl group.
These conjectures were proved over characteristic 0 algebraically closed fields independently by and by . The methods introduced in the course of the proof have guided development of representation theory throughout the 1980s and 1990s, under the name geometric representation theory.
Remarks
1. The two conjectures are known to be equivalent. Moreover, Borho–Jantzen's translation principle implies that can be replaced by for any dominant integral weight . Thus, the Kazhdan–Lusztig conjectures describe the Jordan–Hölder multiplicities of Verma modules in any regular integral block of Bernstein–Gelfand–Gelfand category O.
2. A similar interpretation of all coefficients of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials follows from the Jantzen conjecture, which roughly says that individual coefficients of are multiplicities of in certain subquotient of the Verma module determined by a canonical filtration, the Jantzen filtration. The Jantzen conjecture in regular integral case was proved in a later paper of .
3. David Vogan showed as a consequence of the conjectures that
and that vanishes if it is odd, so the dimensions of all such Ext groups in category O are determined in terms of coefficients of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials. This result demonstrates that all coefficients of the Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials of a finite Weyl group are non-negative integers. However, positivity for the case of a finite Weyl group W was already known from the interpretation of coefficients of the Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials as the dimensions of intersection cohomology groups, irrespective of the conjectures. Conversely, the relation between Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials and the Ext groups theoretically can be used to prove the conjectures, although this approach to proving them turned out to be more difficult to carry out.
4. Some special cases of the Kazhdan–Lusztig conjectures are easy to verify. For example, M1 is the antidominant Verma module, which is known to be simple. This means that M1 = L1, establishing the second conjecture for w = 1, since the sum reduces to a single term. On the other hand, the first conjecture for w = w0 follows from the Weyl character formula and the formula for the character of a Verma module, together with the fact that all Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials are equal to 1.
5. Kashiwara (1990) proved a generalization of the Kazhdan–Lusztig conjectures to symmetrizable Kac–Moody algebras.
Alexander Grothendieck is their book récoltes et semailles said :" Cher Mebkhout,
J'ai envoyé à Bernstein et Beilinson mon exemplaire de ta thèse : ils ont besoin de tes résultats
pour leur preuve de la conjecture de Kashdan-Lusztig (j'ai un résumé, en russe, de leur travail,
que je te ferai parvenir si tu veux). Pourrais-tu m'en envoyer un autre ?
Merci.
P. Deligne"
I presume, from this letter, that Deligne must have informed the two Soviet mathematicians about the good Lord's theorem, perhaps by suggesting to them that it might serve to prove the conjecture in question; either they realized it for himself, or it was already rumored that Brylinski had some ideas about it. The account by Mebkhout that "sparked" Brylinsky was already from January 1980. The papers by Brylinski-Kashiwara on the one hand, and by Beilinson-Bernstein on the other, proving the famous conjecture using the unnamed theorem of an even less named unknown, were received, one on December 19, 1980, the other on December 8, 1980, so eleven days apart. Simple coincidence?
Relation to intersection cohomology of Schubert varieties
By the Bruhat decomposition the space G/B of the algebraic group G with Weyl group W is a disjoint union of affine spaces Xw parameterized by elements w of W. The closures of these spaces are called Schubert varieties, and Kazhdan and Lusztig, following a suggestion of Deligne, showed how to express Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials in terms of intersection cohomology groups of Schubert varieties.
More precisely, the Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomial Py,w(q) is equal to
where each term on the right means: take the complex IC of sheaves whose hyperhomology is the intersection homology of the Schubert variety of w (the closure of the cell ), take its cohomology of degree , and then take the dimension of the stalk of this sheaf at any point of the cell whose closure is the Schubert variety of y. The odd-dimensional cohomology groups do not appear in the sum because they are all zero.
This gave the first proof that all coefficients of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials for finite Weyl groups are non-negative integers.
Generalization to real groups
Lusztig–Vogan polynomials (also called Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials or Kazhdan–Lusztig–Vogan polynomials) were introduced in . They are analogous to Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials, but are tailored to representations of real semisimple Lie groups, and play major role in the conjectural description of their unitary duals. Their definition is more complicated, reflecting relative complexity of representations of real groups compared to complex groups.
The distinction, in the cases directly connection to representation theory, is explained on the level of double cosets; or in other terms of actions on analogues of complex flag manifolds G/B where G is a complex Lie group and B a Borel subgroup. The original (K-L) case is then about the details of decomposing
,
a classical theme of the Bruhat decomposition, and before that of Schubert cells in a Grassmannian. The L-V case takes a real form of G, a maximal compact subgroup in that semisimple group , and makes the complexification K of . Then the relevant object of study is
.
In March 2007, it was announced that the L–V polynomials had been calculated for the split form of E8.
Generalization to other objects in representation theory
The second paper of Kazhdan and Lusztig established a geometric setting for definition of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials, namely, the geometry of singularities of Schubert varieties in the flag variety. Much of the later work of Lusztig explored analogues of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials in the context of other natural singular algebraic varieties arising in representation theory, in particular, closures of nilpotent orbits and quiver varieties. It turned out that the representation theory of quantum groups, modular Lie algebras and affine Hecke algebras are all tightly controlled by appropriate analogues of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials. They admit an elementary description, but the deeper properties of these polynomials necessary for representation theory follow from sophisticated techniques of modern algebraic geometry and homological algebra, such as the use of intersection cohomology, perverse sheaves and Beilinson–Bernstein–Deligne decomposition.
The coefficients of the Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials are conjectured to be the dimensions of some homomorphism spaces in Soergel's bimodule category. This is the only known positive interpretation of these coefficients for arbitrary Coxeter groups.
Combinatorial theory
Combinatorial properties of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials and their generalizations are a topic of active current research. Given their significance in representation theory and algebraic geometry, attempts have been undertaken to develop the theory of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials in purely combinatorial fashion, relying to some extent on geometry, but without reference to intersection cohomology and other advanced techniques. This has led to exciting developments in algebraic combinatorics, such as pattern-avoidance phenomenon. Some references are given in the textbook of . A research monograph on the subject is .
, there is no known combinatorial interpretation of all the coefficients of the Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials (as the cardinalities of some natural sets) even for the symmetric groups, though explicit formulas exist in many special cases.
Inequality
Kobayashi (2013) proved that values of Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials at for crystallographic Coxeter groups satisfy certain strict inequality:
Let be a crystallographic Coxeter system
and its Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials.
If and , then there exists a reflection such that .
References
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
External links
Readings from Spring 2005 course on Kazhdan–Lusztig Theory at U.C. Davis by Monica Vazirani
The GAP programs for computing Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials.
Fokko du Cloux's Coxeter software for computing Kazhdan–Lusztig polynomials for any Coxeter group
Atlas software for computing Kazhdan–Lusztig-Vogan polynomials.
Polynomials
Representation theory of Lie groups
Representation theory of Lie algebras
Algebraic combinatorics
The 2010 Hungarian GP2 round was a GP2 Series motor race held on July 31 and August 1, 2010, at Hungaroring in Mogyoród, Pest, Hungary. It was the seventh round of the 2010 GP2 Season. The race was used to support the 2010 Hungarian Grand Prix.
Report
Feature Race
Pastor Maldonado took the GP2 Series feature race win at the Hungaroring to take their fifth feature race victory in succession, extending their record. Maldonado crossed the line 5.8s clear of Racing Engineering rookie Christian Vietoris, but a lot of the hard work was done for them at the start when both of the front-row qualifiers failed to get away from the grid. iSport's Davide Valsecchi was the first victim when their car stopped on the dummy grid, prompting a formation lap. The cars had barely finished forming up for the second time when pole-sitter Sam Bird waved their arms in the air, forcing them to join Valsecchi and fellow grid-staller Adrian Zaugg of Trident in starting from the pit exit. That effectively gave iSport's Oliver Turvey and Maldonado a front-row start, and when Turvey made a poor getaway Maldonado had a virtually unchallenged run into the first corner. The race was interrupted yet again when ART's Jules Bianchi went wide on the exit of Turn 2, lost control, and spun back into the pack. They tagged Racing Engineering's Dani Clos, who was able to continue, but was then flicked around and was hit head-on by DAMS' Ho-Pin Tung, who in turn was rear-ended by Arden's Rodolfo González. The accident triggered a lengthy red flag period while Tung was extracted from their car and airlifted to hospital, while Bianchi was taken to the circuit medical centre. Initial reports were that neither driver was seriously hurt, yet Bianchi was later said to have back pains, making them doubtful for the Belgian round. Maldonado was again swiftly in control when the race restarted and had built up a substantial gap when the safety car was brought out following a clash between Coloni's Alberto Valerio and Rapax's Luiz Razia that ended with Valerio stranded at the final corner. Luck was on Maldonado's side though, as they had the lapped car of Vladimir Arabadzhiev between them and Vietoris, and an awful restart from the Bulgarian allowed Maldonado to pull out more than 3.0s on the first lap back under greens. From there, the win was a formality. Vietoris had to work hard for second, the German spending virtually the entire race under pressure from Addax's Sergio Pérez, with Turvey also joining the fight in the final laps. Pérez's team-mate Giedo van der Garde took fifth ahead of DAMS's Jérôme d'Ambrosio, the Belgian back in the car after missing the Hockenheim round, while DPR locked out the front row for the sprint race with Michael Herck and Giacomo Ricci taking seventh and eighth respectively.
Sprint Race
DPR's Giacomo Ricci took their first victory in the GP2 main series in the sprint race at the Hungaroring. The Italian started from pole and had the front row to themselves after team-mate Michael Herck stalled on the dummy grid. They were challenged into the first corner by DAMS' Jerome d'Ambrosio, but once they had seen that off they were able to cruise to the flag to secure DPR's first main series win since Oliver Pla's victory in Germany in 2005. D'Ambrosio had no answer to Ricci's pace, but the Belgian still looked good for second until their car developed a problem and they were forced to retire midway through the race. That opened the door for Racing Engineering's Christian Vietoris to claim second place, the German having done a great job after starting from seventh on the grid, while iSport's Davide Valsecchi made a nice move down the inside of Giedo van der Garde (Addax) to secure third with three laps to go. Oliver Turvey finished fifth for iSport ahead of Super Nova's Luca Filippi, the Italian taking their first point since returning to the series at Silverstone. It was a tough race for the main title protagonists. Pastor Maldonado (Rapax) was black-flagged on lap seven for ignoring a black and orange warning flag after breaking their front wing, while Addax's Sergio Pérez eliminated themselves when an attempt to pass Valsecchi for fifth on the second lap resulted in contact.
See also
2010 Hungarian Grand Prix
2010 Hungaroring GP3 Series round
References
Hungary
Hungarian GP2 round
Auto races in Hungary
Cervicocranial syndrome or (Craniocervical Junction Syndrome: CCJ syndrome) is a neurological illness. It is a combination of symptoms that are caused by an abnormality in the neck. The bones of the neck that are affected are cervical vertebrae (C1 - C7). This syndrome can be identified by confirming cervical bone shifts, collapsed cervical bones or misalignment of the cervical bone leading to improper functioning of cervical spinal nerves. Cervicocranial syndrome is either congenital or acquired (as a result of injury or disease). Some examples of diseases that could result in cervicocranial syndrome are Chiari disease, Klippel-Feil malformation osteoarthritis, and trauma. Treatment options include neck braces, pain medication and surgery. The quality of life for individuals suffering from CCJ syndrome can improve through surgery.
Signs and Symptoms
Cervicocranial syndrome has a wide range of symptoms. These symptoms often include:
Vertigo
Chronic Headache aka Cephalea
Tinnitus
Facial Pain
Ear Pain
Dysphagia
Carotidynia
Neck Pain (ex: during movement such extension and flexion)
Syncope
Sinus congestion
Neck Crepitus Sound
Loss of vision
Involuntary eye-movement
Severe Fatigue
Chest Pain
Brain Fog
Cause
The cause of cervicocranial syndrome is either due to a defect (genetic mutation or development of diseases later in life) or an injury pertaining to the neck: cervical area, that damages the spinal nerves traveling through the cervical region resulting in ventral subluxation. Examples of cases that can result in cervicocranial syndrome are: car accidents, trauma, osteoarthritis, tumor, degenerative pathology and other numerous causes of vertebral instability. There is no single because that can mainly cause cervicocranial syndrome.
Genetic
The genes GDF6, GDF3, MEOX1 used as examples, encode for making proteins that help with development. For example GDF6 gene plays an important role in bone development and joint formation. The mutation in these genes can result in Klippel-Feil syndrome. As a result of having congenital Klippel-Feil syndrome, the spinal anatomy of the individual will present abnormal fusion of any two of the seven cervical bones in the neck. This is considered to be an anomaly of cervical bones. It affects the functioning of cervical spinal nerves (C1 - C8) because of compression on the spinal cord. Spinal stenosis also adds damage to the spinal cord resulting in symptoms that are caused by cervicocranial syndrome.
Trauma
Traumatic injuries are caused when external forces damage the cervical spine, giving rise to various symptoms. In a motor vehicle accident, the vehicle jerks the neck forward and backward resulting in cervical spine damage. This is called whiplash. The neurological and biological symptoms resulting from neck trauma emerge as a culmination of clinically isolated or combined symptoms caused by cervicocranial syndrome.
Pathophysiology
The body is innervated by spinal nerves that branch off from the spinal cord. This innervation enables the brain to receive sensory inputs and send motor outputs. There are 8 cervical spinal nerves of the peripheral nervous system. Cervical spinal nerves C1, C2 and C3 help control the movements of the head and neck. Cervical spinal nerve C4 helps control upward shoulder movements. Cervical spinal nerve C3, C4 and C5 help power the diaphragm and aid in breathing. Cervical spinal nerve C6 helps in wrist extension and some functioning of biceps. Cervical spinal nerve C7 controls triceps and wrist extension. Cervical spinal nerve C8 helps control the hand. The cervicocranial syndrome occurs when symptoms arise due to cervical vertebrae damage (misalignment, collapse, shift or disease, such as tumor) resulting in the improper functioning of the cervical spinal nerves.
Examples of Cervicocranial Syndrome Pathophysiology
Chordoma
The craniocervical junction region comprises C1 (Atlas), C2 (Axis) and the lower part of the skull: occipital bone. In case of tumor: chordoma, in the craniocervical junction region, this leads to pressure on the cervical spinal nerves, which results in their improper functioning of the cervical spinal nerves. Hence, leading to symptoms of cervicocranial syndrome. To decompress the pressure on the nerves, the tumor is removed and the foramen through which the spinal nerve roots travel through is enlarged to allow the nerves to pass through so that symptoms of cervicocranial syndrome can be reduced and the nerves are sending signals.
Atlanto-Occipital Assimilation
When the occipital bone and the atlas (C1) are fused together in a condition called atlanto-occipital assimilation, it causes improper functioning of the cervical spinal nerves due to the vascular compression. Surgical procedure can decompress the nerves and reduce symptoms.
Trauma
Traumatic injuries are caused when external forces damage the cervical spine, giving rise to various symptoms. In a car accident, the vehicle jerks the neck forward and backward resulting in cervical spine damage resulting in a whiplash. As a result, the cervical spine become misaligned and produces direct spinal cord irritation creating tighter muscles on one side of the body Neck braces can help temporarily. Surgery is required if needed. Non-surgical treatment, to realign spinal misalignment, is corrected by a chiropractor.
Diagnosis
Once there is an onset of the symptoms in the patient, the patients are screened through cervical-spinal imaging techniques: X-ray, CT, MRI. The scanning technique points out any cervical vertebrae defects and misalignments. (Image 1. and 2.) When cervicocranial syndrome is caused as a result of a genetic disease, then family history and genetic testing aid in making an accurate diagnosis of cervicocranial syndrome.
Prevention/Treatment
The treatment options vary since there are numerous causes of cervicocranial syndrome. General treatments include:
Pressure release via realignment of the vertebrae
Pain medication: acetominophen, aspirin, or ibuprofen
Manipulation of neck by Chiropractor : For example, vertigo symptoms can be relieved
Neck braces to avoid movement of neck and provide stability
Physical therapy
Injection: Combination (anesthetic and cortisone) drug to help alleviate the pain
Surgery to restore function and form of the spine
Cervical spinal cord stimulation (cSCS)
When cervicocranical syndrome is caused by a mutation in genes and it runs in the family due to other co-morbidities, genetic counseling helps patients cover risks, prevention and expectations of caring and passing genes to a newborn.
Prognosis
The prognosis of an individual living with cervicocranial syndrome varies because of the multiple causes such as co-morbidities and varied trauma. Instability of the cervical spine can cause endangerment of patients and their neurological integrity. Correction and decompression cervical spinal surgeries significantly increase quality of life and reduce symptoms. Post-surgery, 93 to 100 percent patients report reduced cervicocranical syndrome symptoms such as neck pain.
Epidemiology
Cervicocranial syndrome significantly affects the aging world population and is associated with significant morbidity. It affects men and women equally when occurring due to atlanto-occipital assimilation. Increased incidences among low-socioeconomic groups and among groups that do not have access to healthcare show subsequently higher rates of morbidity and mortality.
Research Directions
Cervicocranial syndrome can be caused with or as a result of numerous neurological problems so not one single disease can be pinpointed. Further research can explore the common neurological problems causing cervicocranial syndrome and look at various treatments including therapeutic ones.
For example, a study, "The influence of cranio-cervical rehabilitation in patients with myofascial temporomandibular pain disorders," explored the therapeutic options of physical therapy and concluded that 88% from a total of 98 patients (79 female and 19 male), felt reduced pain. On the contrary another study, "The efficacy of manual therapy and therapeutic exercise in patients with chronic neck pain: A narrative review" conducted in 2018, concluded that there is a lack of evidence that support therapeutic exercise to reduce neck pain via manipulation.
References
External links
Human head and neck
Syndromes
The Invader 36 is a Canadian sailboat, that was designed by C&C Design specifically for Hinterhoeller Yachts and first built in 1965.
The Invader 36 design was developed into the Frigate 36 in 1968, by shortening the long keel into a stub long keel, adding a centreboard and increasing the sail area.
Production
The Invader 36 design was built by Hinterhoeller Yachts in Canada, but the majority were constructed at Belleville Marine Yard, both of which became part of C&C Yachts. Production ran from 1965 to 1969, but it is now out of production.
Design
The Invader 36 is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a masthead sloop rig, a raked stem, a raised counter transom, a keel-mounted rudder controlled by a wheel and a fixed long keel. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of and was factory-fitted with a Universal Atomic 4 gasoline engine.
The design has a hull speed of .
See also
List of sailing boat types
Related development
Frigate 36
Similar sailboats
Bayfield 36
C&C 36-1
C&C 36R
C&C 110
Catalina 36
Columbia 36
Coronado 35
CS 36
Ericson 36
Hinterhoeller F3
Hunter 36
Hunter 36-2
Hunter 36 Legend
Hunter 36 Vision
Nonsuch 36
Portman 36
S2 11.0
Seidelmann 37
Vancouver 36 (Harris)
Watkins 36
Watkins 36C
References
Keelboats
1960s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by C&C Design
Sailboat types built by Hinterhoeller Yachts
Sailboat types built by C&C Yachts
8th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1799, the 8th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 8th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1894 Nova Scotia general election, the 30th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 31st Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 8th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
Frazer William Down McLaren (born October 29, 1987) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played in National Hockey League (NHL) for the San Jose Sharks and the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Playing career
McLaren played five seasons of junior hockey in the Western Hockey League, mostly for the Portland Winter Hawks, but playing 48 of their 318 games for the Moose Jaw Warriors following a mid-season trade during the 2007–08 season. They were drafted after their fourth year of junior hockey, being taken in the seventh round of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, 203rd overall.
McLaren played a full season for the Worcester Sharks of the American Hockey League in the 2008–09 season, collecting 181 penalty minutes while being used as an enforcer. Despite missing the cut to make the NHL squad at the beginning of the 2009–10 season, McLaren was recalled to play in the San Jose Sharks' second game, making their NHL debut on October 3, 2009. They also scored their first NHL point, coming on a secondary assist of Benn Ferriero's first NHL goal.
On November 29, 2009, McLaren scored their first NHL goal against Roberto Luongo of the Vancouver Canucks. On June 30, 2011, McLaren signed a one-year contract extension with the San Jose Sharks.
During the 2012–13 season, on January 31, 2013, McLaren was claimed off waivers from the Sharks by the Toronto Maple Leafs.
In July 2013, McLaren signed a two-year contract with the Leafs.
During the 2013–14 season, on March 3, 2014, McLaren was placed on waivers by the Toronto Maple Leafs, well into the first season of their new contract with the Leafs. This move was widely seen as an attempt to free up cap space for the return of Dave Bolland, with the hopes that McLaren will clear waivers and join the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League.
On August 24, 2015, McLaren signed a one-year contract with the San Jose Sharks, marking their second tenure with the organization.
Career statistics
References
External links
Hockey's Future prospect profile
1987 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Moose Jaw Warriors players
Portland Winterhawks players
San Jose Barracuda players
San Jose Sharks draft picks
San Jose Sharks players
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Toronto Marlies players
Worcester Sharks players
Suva Grammar School (or SGS) is a secondary school in Suva, Fiji. The school caters 6 streams for Forms 3 to 6 and 4 streams for Form 7. Suva Grammar has a school population of approximately 1300 students. The school is in a location near the heart of the city and by the seaside. They are known to be very competitive in sports particularly in athletics at secondary school level during the annual Coca-Cola games & in the local secondary school's rugby union competition, the annual Dean's Trophy, against rival competitors Marist Brothers High School, QVS, Lelean Memorial School and RKS
History
In 1918, the British colonial government established its first school in Suva.
In 2004 the school, in cooperation with police, launched a pilot "Scholastic Crime Stoppers" programme targeting drug use, truancy and other problems.
In 2008, members of the Suva Grammar Old Students Association made a request to the Fijian Minister for Education for school principal Ilikimi Kunagogo to be removed.
In 2011, in conjunction with the Ministry of Health, Grammar heads signed a partition in which Suva Grammar School was declared the 1st drug-free secondary institution in the country.
Sports
Grammar Athletics & Grammar Ruggers
Suva Grammar has won the coveted prize of school boys' rugby, the Deans Trophy on one occasion and played to a draw with Ratu Kadavulevu School in 2005.
Grammar Athletics were the reigning Coca-Cola Games champions in the boys division of the Fiji Secondary School's athletics competitions from 2007–2011, having successfully defended their title for 5 straight years before losing the reigns to rival competitors Marist Brothers High School in 2012. Suva Grammar School have yet to win another title (boys division) since their loss in 2012.
Lions Cheerleaders
Suva Grammar is also noted for their renowned pom pom girls, who have been a fixture at the Annual Coca-Cola Games since 2002, revamping the 'Fiji style' of cheerleading in 2009 before introducing co-ed cheerleading at the 2010 Coca-Cola Games, a testament to the Grammarian trailblazing spirit of innovation and ingenuity in the lead-up to the school's Golden Jubilee celebrations later in July.
Grammar's influence in this aspect of secondary school life remains prevalent today with 2017 Coke Games Girls division champions ACS, revamping their own iconic cheerleading squad and other schools starting cheerleading squads as well such as Ballantine Memorial School, western prominent schools Saint Thomas High School, 2015 & 2017 Coke Games Boys division champions Natabua High School and 2014–2016 Coke Games Girls division champions Jasper Williams High School, and even Saint John's College Cawaci from Ovalau.
Notable alumni
Politics, business and academia
Mick Beddoes, MP and Leader of the Opposition
Krishna Datt, government minister
Tupou Draunidalo, lawyer
Jone Madraiwiwi, vice president of Fiji
John Maynard Hedstrom, Legislative Council member
Laisenia Qarase, prime minister of Fiji
Richard Naidu, lawyer
Nazhat Shameem, High Court judge and Permanent Representative to the UN
Sree Sreenivasan, journalism professor and chief digital officer
Samisoni Tikoinasau, government minister
Sport
Makelesi Bulikiobo - National Sprint-Queen who won the 200m event at the 2007 South Pacific Games.
Jone Delai - Former national sprint-king, now Head-Coach of the Suva Grammar athletics squad.
Sakiusa Matadigo - Suva Rugby, also a Flying Fijian,
Wame Lewaravu - Suva Rugby, Sale Sharks (England) and also a Flying Fijian
Manoa Vosawai - Treviso (Italy)
Akapusi Qera - Nadroga Rugby, Gloucester Rugby (England), Fiji Rugby
Nikola Matawalu - Fiji Seven's, Flying Fijians
Henry Seniloli - Flying Fijians
Niko Verekauta - Wardens Rugby, Fiji Seven's
Saimoni Vaka - Agen (France)
Taqele Naiyaravoro - Glasgow Warriors (Scotland), currently New South Wales Waratahs (Australia) & occasional Wallabies Winger
Samuela Vunisa - Azzurri Rugby
Jerry Yanuyanutawa - Flying Fijians, Glasgow Warriors (Scotland). They grew up in Fiji, where they represented their Under-21 side.
Viliame Mata - Fiji Seven's, Nadroga
Sekonaia Kalou - Flying Fijians
Matila Vocea - National Rep Netball
Viliame Takayawa - National Rep Judoka, Japan Based
Bill Gadolo - National rep Rugby, Coach and Teacher
Arts
Robin Lovejoy - Australian actor and director. They grew up in Fiji.
References
Schools in Fiji
The following lists events that happened during 1923 in Afghanistan.
The course of Afghan history though not eventful is far from smooth. Friction between the amir Amanullah and a large part of their subjects is one of the outstanding features of the year, and the other is the straining of Afghan-British relations which takes place towards its close. The chief causes of disaffection against the amir have been their attempts to purify the administration and to impose conscription on the people. The levying of taxes has also, as was to be expected, proved a most difficult matter, and want of money has not allowed the amir to proceed very far on their path of reform. Nevertheless, in some lines substantial progress has been made. Most notable is the spread of education among the people. There are now thousands of Afghan boys receiving schooling, and 200 are being educated abroad; and these are expected in course of time to provide an efficient civil service and judiciary.
Incumbents
Monarch – Amanullah Khan
First half of 1923
In interfering with the local hakims, who though notoriously corrupt have maintained some semblance of law and order in their respective districts, the amir tries to introduce more civilized methods for which the population is not yet ripe, and consequently lawlessness and unrest increase considerably, culminating in the revolt of the formidable Alizai tribe.
January 1923
The amir sends a message to King George V on the Lausanne conference, and the king's reply, expressing their earnest desire for an equitable solution of the Turkish problem, creates a favourable impression in Afghanistan.
March 1923
Telegraphic communication between Afghanistan and Britain started. An exchange of messages still more friendly than in January takes place on the occasion. The amir thanks the king for the services rendered by British officials in the progress of the work, and expresses a hope for the continuance of good relations between the two nations, at the same time appealing to Britain for fair dealing with the Muslim world. The king reciprocates the amirs good wishes, and emphasizes the desire of Britain to live in peaceful and neighbourly cooperation with the Muslim world. Despite this great step forward towards removing the isolation of Afghanistan, in the all-important matter of internal communications little advance is made during the year. No railways are commenced, and small progress is made with the new roads planned for motor traffic, while the existing roads from Kabul to Peshawar and Kandahar have if anything deteriorated. In the absence of good communications there can be little chance of developing the natural resources of the country.
April 1923
The amirs passion for justice is shown by theirs passing a sentence of imprisonment on the stepfather of their own mother, Shah Ghazi Mohammad Sarwar Khan, for misappropriation of public funds.
Two murders of British subjects are perpetrated by tribesmen on the North-West Indian frontier at Kohat and Landi Kotal, and the murderers flee to Afghanistan. On June 4 the Afghan government informs the British minister at Kabul that orders have been issued for their immediate arrest, but several weeks pass before the arrest is effected. The British suspect that the amir is acting under Bolshevik influence and purposely flouting England. When the murderers actually are arrested, they manage to escape from prison before trial, and though there is no proof of connivance on the part of the authorities, the incident makes a bad impression. In order to remove this the Afghan government for a time adopts more energetic measures against the outlaws on the border, and in October a joint Afghan and British commission meets at Karachi on the frontier to investigate a number of incidents that have occurred. From this point, however, matters instead of improving seem to grow rapidly worse. The Afghans become suspicious that England is once more harbouring imperialistic designs and seeking to regain their exclusive domination over their country. These feelings are strongly expressed by the Afghan minister in Paris, Sardar Tarzi Khan, in an interview which they give to the Nation on December 16. They charge the British in particular with having three months earlier held up at Bombay a quantity of arms for the Afghan police, in breach of the treaty between Afghanistan and Britain made in 1921, and of the trade convention of June 5 of the current year which among other things confirmed the obligation then accepted by the British government to allow the transit of arms to Afghanistan through India. The British defense is that according to the treaty the importation is to be permitted only so long as the intentions of the Afghan government are friendly, and no immediate danger to India is involved. By the end of the year the situation as between the two countries is generally regarded as serious. The Afghan suspicions of Britain's intentions are believed to be fostered by other countries, notably Russia and France, as shown by a striking article in L'Ere Nouvelle of December 26, which suggests that it is the independent policy of Afghanistan rather than the activity of brigands which disquiets Britain. Britain's last act during the year is to demand the removal of the Bolshevik representative from Kabul, a step which is characterized in Russian quarters as an "ultimatum."
May 1923
The amir having given to France exclusive rights of archaeological research in Afghanistan, excavations near Kabul are commenced by Alfred Foucher, a professor at the Sorbonne, and a leading authority on Buddhism. On representations being made by the British government Foucher declares their intention of inviting the distinguished British authority Sir Aurel Stein to take a share in the investigations in Afghanistan. For one reason or other, however, the invitation is not extended, and in December Foucher, instead of commencing excavations near Jalalabad, as was their original intention, leaves, under instructions from Paris, for Balkh, 350 miles north of Kabul in the neighbourhood of the Hindu Kush, which has been regarded as the special archaeological province of Sir Aurel Stein.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
William or Willi Ziegler may refer to:
William Ziegler (industrialist) (1843–1905), American industrialist
William Ziegler Jr. (1891–1958), adopted son
William Ziegler III (ca 1929–2008), owner of Swisher International Group and son of Ziegler Jr.
William Ziegler (film editor) (1909–1977), American film editor
Willi Ziegler (1929–2002), German paleontologist
See also
William Ziegler House, mansion of Ziegler Jr.
William and Helen Ziegler House, second mansion of Ziegler Jr.
The Minnesota Golden Gophers are a Division I college wrestling team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They are a member of the Big Ten Conference and NCAA. Wrestling began at the University of Minnesota in 1910, but the first formal dual meet was not until 1921 when coach Frank Gilman led the team to a victory over Wisconsin. The Gophers have won the NCAA Division I Wrestling Championships team title three times, in 2001, 2002, and 2007.
J Robinson served as head coach for the team for thirty years, leading the Golden Gophers to three national championships until they were fired in 2016 over their handling of a prescription drug scandal involving their wrestlers. Three-time Golden Gopher wrestling All-American Brandon Eggum was named as head coach following Robinson's departure.
Home meets
Home meets are held in the 5,700-seat Maturi Pavilion in Minneapolis. When large crowds are expected, meets are held in Williams Arena, capacity 14,321. This often happens for matches against archrivals Iowa and Oklahoma State. Several home matches each year are televised by the Big Ten Network. The school has also used Target Center in downtown Minneapolis for some matches.
Team championships
NCAA Division I: 2001, 2002, 2007
Big Ten Conference: 1910, 1912, 1913, 1941, 1957, 1959, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2006, 2007
The 2001 team has two unique distinctions: All ten wrestlers in each weight class earned All-American (top eight) status and the school won the national team championship despite not having a single finalist.
NCAA individual champions
The Gophers have had eighteen NCAA individual champions. Five of those were two-time champions.
John Whitaker: 1937
Dale Hanson: 1939 (Most Valuable Wrestler)
Leonard Levy: 1941
Verne Gagne: 1948, 1949
Dick Mueller: 1953
Evan Johnson: 1976
Pat Neu: 1977
Marty Morgan: 1991
Tim Hartung: 1998, 1999
Brock Lesnar: 2000
Luke Becker: 2002
Jared Lawrence: 2002
Damion Hahn: 2003, 2004
Dustin Schlatter: 2006
Cole Konrad: 2006, 2007
Jayson Ness: 2010
Tony Nelson: 2012, 2013
Gable Steveson: 2021, 2022
Dan Hodge Trophy
2010 – Jayson Ness
2021 – Gable Steveson
Olympians
Verne Gagne, 1948
Alan Rice, 1956
Dan Chandler, 1976, 1980, 1984
J Evan Johnson, 1976
Jim Martinez, Bronze medalist 1984
Evan Bernstein, 1988 for Israel
Brandon Paulson, Silver medalist 1996
Gordy Morgan, 9th place 1996
Garrett Lowney, Bronze medalist 2000
Jacob Deitchler, 12th place Beijing 2008
Gable Steveson, Gold medalist 2020
Notable Golden Gopher wrestlers
Evan Bernstein – Olympian in Greco-Roman wrestling at 1988 Summer Olympics
Dan Chandler – Olympian in Greco-Roman wrestling at 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics
Jake Deitchler – Olympian in Greco-Roman wrestling at 2008 Summer Olympics
Verne Gagne – two-time NCAA Champion
Cole Konrad – MMA fighter, first Bellator Heavyweight World Champion, two-time NCAA Champion and three-time finalist
Nik Lentz – UFC fighter
Brock Lesnar – UFC Heavyweight Champion, professional wrestler, NCAA Champion and two-time finalist
Leonard Levy – National Football League player, professional wrestler, NCAA Champion
Garrett Lowney – Olympic bronze medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling at 2000 Summer Olympics
James Martinez – Olympic bronze medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling at 1984 Summer Olympics, NCAA All-American
Gordy Morgan – Olympian in Greco-Roman wrestling at 1996 Summer Olympics, NCAA All-American
Marty Morgan – NCAA Champion at Minnesota
Brandon Paulson – Olympic silver medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling at 1996 Summer Olympics, NCAA All-American
Alan Rice – Olympian in Greco-Roman wrestling at 1956 Summer Olympics
Dustin Schlatter – NCAA Champion and three-time All-American
Gable Stevenson – Olympic gold medalist in freestyle wrestling at 2020 Summer Olympics, professional wrestler, two-time NCAA Champion and three-time All-American
Jacob Volkmann – UFC fighter, three-time NCAA All-American
References
External links
1910 establishments in Minnesota
Sport clubs established in 1910
Hendrikus Rutgerus Bernardus Maria (Henk) Kummeling (born 10 January 1961 in Pannerden) is a Dutch professor of law. From 2005 until 2016 they were chair of the Dutch National Electoral Council. Since 2018 they are rector of Utrecht University.
Kummeling studied law at the Radboud University Nijmegen where they obtained a PhD in 1988 under the supervision of Constantijn Kortmann. They worked as a scientist at the Radboud University Nijmegen and Utrecht University. In 1994 they were appointed parttime professor of Constitutional Law and Administrative Law at Tilburg University. In 1995 they were appointed full professor of Constitutional Law and Comparative Constitutional Law at Utrecht University, where they were dean of the Faculty of Law, Economics and Governance from 2008 until 2014. In 2015 they were appointed distinguished professor of Utrecht University (Dutch: universiteitshoogleraar), which is a Dutch honorary university function. Since 1 June 2018 Kummeling is rector of Utrecht University.
From 2005 until 2016 they were chair of the Dutch National Electoral Council (Dutch: kiesraad), the highest electoral authority in the Netherlands.
References
Utrecht University faculty
Dutch legal scholars
Rectors of universities in the Netherlands
1961 births
Living people
In spectroscopy, spectral flux density is the quantity that describes the rate at which energy is transferred by electromagnetic radiation through a real or virtual surface, per unit surface area and per unit wavelength (or, equivalently, per unit frequency). It is a radiometric rather than a photometric measure. In SI units it is measured in W m−3, although it can be more practical to use W m−2 nm−1 (1 W m−2 nm−1 = 1 GW m−3 = 1 W mm−3) or W m−2 μm−1 (1 W m−2 μm−1 = 1 MW m−3), and respectively by W·m−2·Hz−1, Jansky or solar flux units. The terms irradiance, radiant exitance, radiant emittance, and radiosity are closely related to spectral flux density.
The terms used to describe spectral flux density vary between fields, sometimes including adjectives such as "electromagnetic" or "radiative", and sometimes dropping the word "density". Applications include:
Characterizing remote telescopically unresolved sources such as stars, observed from a specified observation point such as an observatory on earth.
Characterizing a natural electromagnetic radiative field at a point, measured there with an instrument that collects radiation from a whole sphere or hemisphere of remote sources.
Characterizing an artificial collimated electromagnetic radiative beam.
Flux density received from an unresolvable "point source"
For the flux density received from a remote unresolvable "point source", the measuring instrument, usually telescopic, though not able to resolve any detail of the source itself, must be able to optically resolve enough details of the sky around the point source, so as to record radiation coming from it only, uncontaminated by radiation from other sources. In this case, spectral flux density is the quantity that describes the rate at which energy transferred by electromagnetic radiation is received from that unresolved point source, per unit receiving area facing the source, per unit wavelength range.
At any given wavelength λ, the spectral flux density, Fλ, can be determined by the following procedure:
An appropriate detector of cross-sectional area 1 m2 is pointed directly at the source of the radiation.
A narrow band-pass filter is placed in front of the detector so that only radiation whose wavelength lies within a very narrow range, Δλ, centred on λ, reaches the detector.
The rate at which EM energy is detected by the detector is measured.
This measured rate is then divided by Δλ to obtain the detected power per square metre per unit wavelength range.
Spectral flux density is often used as the quantity on the y-axis of a graph representing the spectrum of a light-source, such as a star.
Flux density of the radiative field at a measuring point
There are two main approaches to definition of the spectral flux density at a measuring point in an electromagnetic radiative field. One may be conveniently here labelled the 'vector approach', the other the 'scalar approach'. The vector definition refers to the full spherical integral of the spectral radiance (also known as the specific radiative intensity or specific intensity) at the point, while the scalar definition refers to the many possible hemispheric integrals of the spectral radiance (or specific intensity) at the point. The vector definition seems to be preferred for theoretical investigations of the physics of the radiative field. The scalar definition seems to be preferred for practical applications.
Vector definition of flux density - 'full spherical flux density'
The vector approach defines flux density as a vector at a point of space and time prescribed by the investigator. To distinguish this approach, one might speak of the 'full spherical flux density'. In this case, nature tells the investigator what is the magnitude, direction, and sense of the flux density at the prescribed point. For the flux density vector, one may write
where denotes the spectral radiance (or specific intensity) at the point at time and frequency , denotes a variable unit vector with origin at the point , denotes an element of solid angle around , and indicates that the integration extends over the full range of solid angles of a sphere.
Mathematically, defined as an unweighted integral over the solid angle of a full sphere, the flux density is the first moment of the spectral radiance (or specific intensity) with respect to solid angle. It is not common practice to make the full spherical range of measurements of the spectral radiance (or specific intensity) at the point of interest, as is needed for the mathematical spherical integration specified in the strict definition; the concept is nevertheless used in theoretical analysis of radiative transfer.
As described below, if the direction of the flux density vector is known in advance because of a symmetry, namely that the radiative field is uniformly layered and flat, then the vector flux density can be measured as the 'net flux', by algebraic summation of two oppositely sensed scalar readings in the known direction, perpendicular to the layers.
At a given point in space, in a steady-state field, the vector flux density, a radiometric quantity, is equal to the time-averaged Poynting vector, an electromagnetic field quantity.
Within the vector approach to the definition, however, there are several specialized sub-definitions. Sometimes the investigator is interested only in a specific direction, for example the vertical direction referred to a point in a planetary or stellar atmosphere, because the atmosphere there is considered to be the same in every horizontal direction, so that only the vertical component of the flux is of interest. Then the horizontal components of flux are considered to cancel each other by symmetry, leaving only the vertical component of the flux as non-zero. In this case some astrophysicists think in terms of the astrophysical flux (density), which they define as the vertical component of the flux (of the above general definition) divided by the number . And sometimes the astrophysicist uses the term Eddington fluxes to refer to the vertical component of the flux (of the above general definition) divided by the number .
Scalar definition of flux density - 'hemispheric flux density'
The scalar approach defines flux density as a scalar-valued function of a direction and sense in space prescribed by the investigator at a point prescribed by the investigator. Sometimes this approach is indicated by the use of the term 'hemispheric flux'. For example, an investigator of thermal radiation, emitted from the material substance of the atmosphere, received at the surface of the earth, is interested in the vertical direction, and the downward sense in that direction. This investigator thinks of a unit area in a horizontal plane, surrounding the prescribed point. The investigator wants to know the total power of all the radiation from the atmosphere above in every direction, propagating with a downward sense, received by that unit area. For the flux density scalar for the prescribed direction and sense, we may write
where with the notation above, indicates that the integration extends only over the solid angles of the relevant hemisphere, and denotes the angle between and the prescribed direction. The term is needed on account of Lambert's law. Mathematically, the quantity is not a vector because it is a positive scalar-valued function of the prescribed direction and sense, in this example, of the downward vertical. In this example, when the collected radiation is propagating in the downward sense, the detector is said to be "looking upwards". The measurement can be made directly with an instrument (such as a pyrgeometer) that collects the measured radiation all at once from all the directions of the imaginary hemisphere; in this case, Lambert-cosine-weighted integration of the spectral radiance (or specific intensity) is not performed mathematically after the measurement; the Lambert-cosine-weighted integration has been performed by the physical process of measurement itself.
Net flux
In a flat horizontal uniformly layered radiative field, the hemispheric fluxes, upwards and downwards, at a point, can be subtracted to yield what is often called the net flux. The net flux then has a value equal to the magnitude of the full spherical flux vector at that point, as described above.
Comparison between vector and scalar definitions of flux density
The radiometric description of the electromagnetic radiative field at a point in space and time is completely represented by the spectral radiance (or specific intensity) at that point. In a region in which the material is uniform and the radiative field is isotropic and homogeneous, let the spectral radiance (or specific intensity) be denoted by , a scalar-valued function of its arguments , , , and , where denotes a unit vector with the direction and sense of the geometrical vector from the source point to the detection point , where denotes the coordinates of , at time and wave frequency . Then, in the region, takes a constant scalar value, which we here denote by . In this case, the value of the vector flux density at is the zero vector, while the scalar or hemispheric flux density at in every direction in both senses takes the constant scalar value . The reason for the value is that the hemispheric integral is half the full spherical integral, and the integrated effect of the angles of incidence of the radiation on the detector requires a halving of the energy flux according to Lambert's cosine law; the solid angle of a sphere is .
The vector definition is suitable for the study of general radiative fields. The scalar or hemispheric spectral flux density is convenient for discussions in terms of the two-stream model of the radiative field, which is reasonable for a field that is uniformly stratified in flat layers, when the base of the hemisphere is chosen to be parallel to the layers, and one or other sense (up or down) is specified. In an inhomogeneous non-isotropic radiative field, the spectral flux density defined as a scalar-valued function of direction and sense contains much more directional information than does the spectral flux density defined as a vector, but the full radiometric information is customarily stated as the spectral radiance (or specific intensity).
Collimated beam
For the present purposes, the light from a star, and for some particular purposes, the light of the sun, can be treated as a practically collimated beam, but apart from this, a collimated beam is rarely if ever found in nature, though artificially produced beams can be very nearly collimated. The spectral radiance (or specific intensity) is suitable for the description of an uncollimated radiative field. The integrals of spectral radiance (or specific intensity) with respect to solid angle, used above, are singular for exactly collimated beams, or may be viewed as Dirac delta functions. Therefore, the specific radiative intensity is unsuitable for the description of a collimated beam, while spectral flux density is suitable for that purpose. At a point within a collimated beam, the spectral flux density vector has a value equal to the Poynting vector, a quantity defined in the classical Maxwell theory of electromagnetic radiation.
Relative spectral flux density
Sometimes it is more convenient to display graphical spectra with vertical axes that show the relative spectral flux density. In this case, the spectral flux density at a given wavelength is expressed as a fraction of some arbitrarily chosen reference value. Relative spectral flux densities are expressed as pure numbers without any units.
Spectra showing the relative spectral flux density are used when we are interested in comparing the spectral flux densities of different sources; for example, if we want to show how the spectra of blackbody sources vary with absolute temperature, it is not necessary to show the absolute values. The relative spectral flux density is also useful if we wish to compare a source's flux density at one wavelength with the same source's flux density at another wavelength; for example, if we wish to demonstrate how the Sun's spectrum peaks in the visible part of the EM spectrum, a graph of the Sun's relative spectral flux density will suffice.
See also
Radiative flux
References
Electromagnetic radiation
Spectroscopy
The 2009 Copa de España de Fútbol Sala is the 20th staging of the Copa de España de Fútbol Sala. It was held in the Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Granada, in Granada, Spain, between 26 February and 1 March 2009.
Qualified teams
Final tournament
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Top goalscorers
References
External links
LNFS website
Copa de España de Futsal seasons
Espana
Futsal
Coryanthes macrantha commonly called the Bucket Orchid, or Monkey's Throat Orchid is an epiphytic orchid from the genus Coryanthes. It is native to Trinidad and to South America (Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia, Peru, Suriname, Guyana, French Guiana). The fragrant plant is pollinated by the typical Euglossini bees (an Eulaema species) These bees are part of what is probably the most complicated pollination scheme presently known in nature. and has one of the largest orchid blooms, sometimes weighing up to 100 grams (3.5 ounces) and measuring up to five inches (12.5 centimeters) in width and height. In Trinidad and Tobago the flower has reached a width and height of six Inches (fifteen centimeters) The color is usually yellow to orange with small freckles along some parts of the flower, mainly inside the "bucket". But of course there are many different forms so it is not a rule.
References
External links
Photos.
macrantha
Orchids of South America
Plants described in 1831
Frederick Michael Cole (June 14, 1937 – October 11, 2013) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1959. They played college football with the University of Maryland Terrapins. Cole was also drafted in the 1959 NFL draft by the Chicago Bears (Round 6, #68 overall). After playing with Winnipeg, they also played a single season with the Los Angeles Chargers of the American Football League. They died in their native state of New Jersey in 2013.
References
1937 births
2013 deaths
American football guards
Maryland Terrapins football players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Los Angeles Chargers players
Players of American football from Newark, New Jersey
Players of Canadian football from Newark, New Jersey
Catocala adultera is a moth in the family Erebidae first described by Édouard Ménétries in 1856. It is found in northern Europe, from Siberia to the Russian Far East (Altai, Ussuri, Amur) and Mongolia.
Its wingspan is .
The larvae feed on Populus tremula.
References
adultera
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1856
"First" is a song recorded by American actor and singer Lindsay Lohan for their debut studio album Speak (2004). It was released as the album's third and final single on May 9, 2005. "First" was also released to help promote the Disney film Herbie: Fully Loaded, in which it appears on the soundtrack. Lohan played the lead on Herbie: Fully Loaded.
The song is about wanting to come first in their boyfriend's life. "First" failed to chart in the United States, but it performed well in Taiwan. "First" was the least successful single from Speak.
Background and recording
"First" was written and produced by Kara DioGuardi and John Shanks, who would later produce Lohan's second album A Little More Personal (Raw). The song was recorded in 2004 at Henson Recording Studios in Hollywood. They had been recording and filming the movie back-to-back. DioGuardi and Cory Rooney, who wrote and produced Lohan's first single "Rumors", provided background vocals for the song.
"Speak", the title track from the album, was originally going to be released as the third single. Angela Robinson, director of Herbie: Fully Loaded, looked at Lohan's album to see if they could find a track that could be incorporated in the film. They enjoyed listening to "First" and approached Lohan about it being released as the next single. Even though the song is about wanting to be the first person in a boyfriend's life, in the context of the film, however, it is taken as wanting to finish first in a car race.
Critical reception
Stylus Magazine called the song and the second ("Nobody 'Til You") track "promising", while criticizing the other songs on the album.
Chart performance
"First" failed to chart on the US Billboard Hot 100 or the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. It was, however, successful in many other countries. The single charted within the top-ten in Taiwan and Indonesia. The single charted at number 31 in Australia, just missing out by one spot on the ARIA Charts.
It also charted at number 41 in Switzerland and at number 74 in Germany.
Music video
The accompanying music video for "First" began shooting in May 2005, after Lohan had recently bleached their auburn hair blonde. The music video was directed by Jake Nava, who directed their previous singles "Rumors" and "Over". The music video takes place in a garage-like arena in the middle of a race. Lohan and their band sing the song from a stage right next to the track, while clips from Herbie: Fully Loaded play. Lohan also sings and dances beside Herbie, the anthropomorphic Volkswagen Beetle.
Live performance
Lohan performed "First" at KIIS-FM 102.7 Wango Tango event in 2005. They also performed "Speak", the album's title track.
Track listing and formats
CD single
"First" – 3:29
"Symptoms of You" – 2:55
Maxi single
"First" – 3:29
"Symptoms of You" – 2:55
"Rumors" (The Sharp Boys Club Gossip Vocal Remix) – 7:23
"First" (Instrumental) – 3:28
Japanese CD single
"First" – 3:29
"First" (Instrumental) – 3:28
Charts
Release history
References
2005 singles
Lindsay Lohan songs
Song recordings produced by John Shanks
Songs written by Kara DioGuardi
Music videos directed by Jake Nava
Songs written by John Shanks
2004 songs
Casablanca Records singles
Hollywood Records singles
"The Big Heat" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Stan Ridgway and is the first single released in support of their 1986 debut album The Big Heat. The song dates back to their time in Wall of Voodoo, and was performed live by the group in 1982.
Formats and track listing
All songs written by Stan Ridgway, except where noted.
European 7" single (ILSA 6296)
"The Big Heat" – 4:32
"Drive, They Said" – 4:35
Australian 7" single (ILSA 12.6588)
"The Big Heat" – 4:32
"Pick It Up (And Put It in Your Pocket)" – 4:32
Netherlands 12" single (ILSA 12.7025)
"The Big Heat" – 4:33
"Stormy Side of Town" – 5:01
"Salesman" – 5:28
UK 7" single (IRM 123)
"The Big Heat" – 3:49 (remix)
"Foggy River" (Fred Rose) – 4:20
UK 12" single (IRMT 123)
"The Big Heat" – 3:52 (remix)
"Foggy River" (Fred Rose) – 4:20
"Salesman" – 5:26
Charts
References
External links
1985 songs
1985 singles
1986 singles
I.R.S. Records singles
Stan Ridgway songs
Songs written by Stan Ridgway
Song recordings produced by Hugh Jones (producer)
Category 4 the second-highest classification on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale which is used to classify tropical cyclones, that have 10-minute sustained winds of at least wind speeds of . 47 tropical cyclones have peaked Category 4 severe tropical cyclones in the Australian tropical cyclone basin, which is denoted as a part of the Indian and Pacific Oceans to the south of the equator and between 90°E - 160°E. The earliest tropical cyclone to be classified as a Category 4 severe tropical cyclone was Gyan which was classified as a Category 4 during December 22, 1981, as it impacted New Caledonia. The latest was Pola as it passed between Fiji and Tonga. This list does include any tropical cyclones that peaked as a Category 5 severe tropical cyclone, while in the Australian region.
Background
The Australian region tropical cyclone basin is located to the south of the Equator between 90°E and 160°E. The basin is officially monitored by the Australian Bureau of Meteorology as well as the Indonesian Agency for Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics (BMKG), and the Papua New Guinea National Weather Service. The United States Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) and other national meteorological services such as New Zealand's MetService, Météo-France and the Fiji Meteorological Service, also monitor parts of the basin in an unofficial capacity. Within the basin a Category 4 severe tropical cyclone is a tropical cyclone that has 10-minute mean maximum sustained wind speeds of on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale. A named storm could also be classified as a Category 4 tropical cyclone if it is estimated, to have 1-minute mean maximum sustained wind speeds of between on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale. This scale is not officially used by any of the warning centres for the region, however, tropical cyclones are compared to it by various agencies including NASA. On both scales Category 5 tropical cyclones are expected to cause widespread devastation, if it significantly impacts land at or near its peak intensity.
Systems
|-
| Kerry || || || || Wesrern Australia || || ||
|-
| Madge || || || || Northern Territory, Queensland || || ||
|-
| Pam || || || || Wallis and Futuna, VanuatuNew Caledonia, Queensland || Significant || Unknown ||
|-
| Tracy || || || || Northern Territory || || ||
|-
| Vanessa (1976) || January 1976 || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Watorea || || || || || || ||
|-
| Ted || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Leo (1977) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Trudy (1978) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Winnie (1978) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Kerry (1979) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Hazel (1979) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Idylle (1979) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Brian (1980) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Fred (1980) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Simon || || || || Queensland, New Zealand || || ||
|-
| Doris-Gloria (1980) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Alice-Adelaide (1980) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Felix (1980) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Neil (1981) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Olga (1981) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Chris-Damia (1982) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Bernie (1982) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Jane || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Elinor || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Quenton (1983) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Bobby (1984) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Chloe (1984) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Daryl (1984) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Odette (1985) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Sandy || || || || Northern Territory, Western Australia || N/A || ||
|-
| Victor (1986) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Billy – Lila || || || || Western Australia || None || None ||
|-
| Elsie || || || || Western Australia || N/A || ||
|-
| Gwenda-Ezenina (1988) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Ned || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Ivor || || || || Cape York Peninsula || || ||
|-
| Joy || || || || Solomon Islands, Queensland || || ||
|-
| Errol (1991) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Marian (1991) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Betsy || || || || Solomon Islands, Vanuatu, New Caledonia, New Zealand || || ||
|-
| Harriet-Heather (1992) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Ian || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Esau || || || || Vanuatu || Minimal || ||
|-
| Jane-Irna (1992) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Nina || || || || Queensland, Tonga, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Wallis and Futuna || || ||
|-
| Oliver || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Sharon || || || || Indonesia, Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Annette || || || || Western Australia, South Australia || || ||
|-
| Bobby || || || || Northern Territory, Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Agnes || || || || || || ||
|-
| Frank || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Barry || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Kirsty || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Olivia || || || || Western Australia, South Australia || || ||
|-
| Drena (1997) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Rhonda || || || || Cocos Islands, Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Katrina || || || || Solomon Islands, Vanuatu, Queensland || || ||
|-
| Tiffany (1998) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Elaine || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Frederic-Evrina (1999) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Norman (2000) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Fiona (2003) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Monty || || || || Western Australia || ||
|-
| Oscar-Itseng (2004) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Bertie-Alvin (2005) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Larry || || || || Queensland || || ||
|-
| Floyd (2006) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Pancho (2008) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Billy (2008) || || || || || || ||
|-
| Ilsa (2009) || || || || || || ||
|}
2010's
|-
| Ului || || || || Vanuatu, Solomon Islands, Queensland || || ||
|-
| Zelia || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Bianca || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Narelle || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Rusty || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Christine || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Lam || || || || Northern Australia || || ||
|-
| Nathan || || || || Northern Australia || || ||
|-
| Ikola || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Quang || || || || Western Australia || || ||
|-
| Debbie || || || || Queensland, New South Wales || || ||
|-
| Savannah || || || || Cocos Islands || || ||
|-
| Trevor || || || || Papua New Guinea, Queensland, Northern Territory || || ||
|-
| Vernon || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Charlotte || || || || Timor-Leste, Western Australia || || ||
|}
Other systems
Chris-Damia - Cat 4 in SWIO.
Walter-Gregoara - Cat 4 in SWIO.
Harriet-Heather - Cat 4 in SWIO.
Uriah - Cat 4 in SWIO.
Over the years, the intensity estimates of tropical cyclones have been reanalysed for various reasons and were found to have been underestimated by the various warning centres. In particular, during a database repair project that took place between 2005 and 2007, the BoM discovered that Severe Tropical Cyclone Pam of 1974, had been reanalysed at some point after 1979. This reanalysis showed that Pam had moved out of the South Pacific region and into the Australian region, as a category 5 severe tropical cyclone. However, a later reanalysis by the BoM during 2021 downgraded it to a category 4 severe tropical cyclone, as it was thought that the width of the southern eyewall was too narrow for a category 5 severe tropical cyclone.
Impacts
Records and statistics
See also
List of Category 5 Atlantic hurricanes
List of Category 5 Pacific hurricanes
References
External links
Australian
Bang Mae Nang (, ) is one of the six subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Yai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Bang Khu Rat, Bang Rak Phatthana, Sao Thong Hin, Bang Muang, Bang Yai and Ban Mai. In 2020 it had a total population of 50,798 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 18 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The area of the subdistrict is shared by two local administrative organizations.
Bang Mae Nang Town Municipality ()
Bang Yai Subdistrict Municipality ()
References
External links
Website of Bang Mae Nang Town Municipality
Website of Bang Yai Subdistrict Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Summerville Historic District is a national historic district located at Summerville, Dorchester County, South Carolina. The district encompasses 700 contributing buildings in the village of Summerville. About 70 percent of the buildings predate World War I. The buildings include raised cottages, Greek Revival influenced, and Victorian / Queen Anne and other turn of the 20th century structures are found throughout. In addition to residential structures, the district includes churches and commercial buildings—most dating from around 1900. Notable buildings include Tupper's Drug Store, O. J. Sire's Commercial Building, White Gables, Pettigru-Lebby House Gazebo, Summerville Presbyterian Church, Wesley United Methodist Church, and the Squirrel Inn.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Greek Revival architecture in South Carolina
Queen Anne architecture in South Carolina
Buildings and structures in Dorchester County, South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Dorchester County, South Carolina
Summerville, South Carolina
The Datta dynasty is a dynasty of ruler who flourished in the northern India in the areas of Mathura and Ayodhya around the 1st century BCE – 1st century CE. They are named after the "-datta" ending of their name, and essentially only known through they coin. It is thought that they replaced the Deva dynasty, which had originated with the rise of Sunga Empire Pushyamitra, and that they were in turn replaced by the Mitra dynasty.
The known Datta rulers are:
Seshadatta
Ramadatta
Sisuchandradatta
Sivadatta.
The coins of Ramadatta usually represent a Lakshmi standing, and facing elephants. In the archaeological excavations of Sonkh, near Mathura, the earliest coins of the Northern Satraps level were those of Hagamasha and Ramadatta.
The Datta rulers are never mentioned as "king" or Raja on their coins, suggesting that they may only have been local rulers subservient to another king. Since the Indo-Greeks were in control of Mathura around the same time frame (150–50 BCE) according to the Yavanarajya inscription, it is thought that there may have been a sort of tributary relationship between the local Datta or Mitra dynasty and the Indo-Greek kings. Alternatively, the Datta and Mitra dynasties of rulers may simply have replaced Indo-Greek rule in the region, before the advent of the Indo-Scythian Northern Satraps and then the Kushans.
References
Mathura
Dynasties of India
Elections were held in Illinois on November 7, 2000.
Primaries were held March 21, 2000.
Election information
Turnout
Primary election
For the primary election, turnout was 25.91%, with 1,748,279 votes cast.
Turnout by county
General election
For the general election, turnout was 69.18%, with 4,932,192 votes cast.
Turnout by county
Federal elections
United States President
Illinois voted for the Democratic ticket of Al Gore and Joe Lieberman.
United States House
All 20 of Illinois' seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election in 2000.
No seats switched parties, with the composition of Illinois' House delegation remaining 10 Democrats and 10 Republicans.
State elections
State Senate
Some of the seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 2000. Republicans retained control of the chamber.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 2000. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
Judicial elections
Judicial elections were held.
Local elections
Local elections were held. These included county elections, such as the Cook County elections.
Notes
References
Illinois
Notrees is an unincorporated community in west-central Ector County, Texas, United States. It is located on State Highway 302, about 20 miles northwest of Odessa. The community is part of the Odessa metropolitan statistical area.
The area began to develop in the 1940s following the discovery of large oil fields, including the TXL Field. Notrees was known at various times as Caprock and Strawberry. Local merchant Charles E. Brown petitioned for a post office and selected the descriptive name of Notrees. Reportedly, the community had a single native tree before it was destroyed during the construction of a Shell Oil Company "gas plant".
Notrees thrived during the 1950s and 1960s. In 1966, its population was 338 and the area was supported by several oil-company camps and a few businesses. The community began to decline by the 1980s as a result of oil companies abandoning the camps that once provided housing for employees and their families because of an improved infrastructure that enabled workers to live elsewhere (e.g., Odessa) and commute to Notrees.
The community's small population currently supports four businesses and a post office (zip code 79759).
The area has a 153 MW wind farm, connected to one of the world's largest grid energy storage systems that used a lead-acid battery from 2012 to 2016, capable of delivering full effect for 40 minutes, and used mostly for frequency response. In 2017, it was replaced with lithium-ion batteries, and several larger batteries have been built.
See also
Nowood River, Wyoming
References
External links
Notrees, Texas – Texas Escapes Online Magazine
Other photos of the Llano Estacado and West Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Unincorporated communities in Ector County, Texas
August Pikker (4 February 1889 – 10 March 1976) was an Estonian wrestler. They competed for Russia in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1889 births
1976 deaths
Sportspeople from Tartu
People from the Governorate of Livonia
Estonian male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Russia
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Russian male sport wrestlers
Estonian emigrants to the United States
Hrušky is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Hrušky (Břeclav District), a village in the South Moravian Region
Hrušky (Vyškov District), a village in the South Moravian Region
Hrušky oil field, an oil field in Hrušky (Vyškov District)
JagdPanther is a game magazine that was published from 1973 to 1976.
Publication history
In 1973, while a student at Texas Tech, Stephen V. Cole started playing PanzerBlitz, a tactical-level World War II wargame published by Avalon Hill. Cole grew so enamored of the game that they conceived of a series of variants and expansions that they called "PanzerBlitz Unlimited". In order to provide a forum for this, they founded the company JagdPanther Publications to produce the fanzine JagdPanther, dedicated to PanzerBlitz and other World War II wargames. The quarterly publication featured complete small games in every issue as well as scenarios and variants for existing games.
The first issue, published in April 1973, contained the first article on PanzerBlitz Unlimited, an article on World War II mechanized combat, a variant for the wargame Borodino, and two reviews of commercial wargames, as well as several original mini-games — the squad-level WWII game MP44, a football game called Scrimmage IV, and a simulation of the Battle of Cowpens.
By 1975, JagdPanther had evolved from a hand-typed zine to a professional magazine, and won the first of two Charles S. Roberts Awards at the Origins Awards. By that time, the focus of the magazine had moved away from World War II wargames, and to reflect this, Cole changed the title of Issue #15 (October 1976) to Battlefield. Cole had graduated from Texas Tech the previous year, and found they were becoming more interested in building a game company than publishing a magazine. Following the release of the re-titled Issue #15, they ceased publication of the magazine. Shortly afterwards, Cole joined with Allen Eldridge to found Task Force Games.
Reception
In the February 1976 edition of The Strategic Review (Issue #6), Gary Gygax called this zine "a veritable goldmine of information on boardgames. Each issue contains dozens of items: variants, reviews, suggested rule changes, etc." Gygax favourably compared the small zine to the professional glossy magazines Wargamers Digest and Panzerfaust, and on a scale of "Major Tragedy" to "Major Triumph", rated it a Major Triumph.
At the 1976 Origins Awards, JagdPanther won the Charles S. Roberts Award for Best Amateur Magazine of 1975.
The following year, JagdPanther/Battlefield was again the winner of the Charles S. Roberts Award for Best Amateur Magazine.
References
Game magazines
Origins Award winners
Chan Hao-ching and Anabel Medina Garrigues were the defending champions, but Chan chose not to participate this year and Medina Garrigues chose to compete in Strasbourg instead.
Kiki Bertens and Johanna Larsson won the title, defeating Shuko Aoyama and Renata Voráčová in the final, 6–3, 6–4.
Seeds
Draw
References
Main Draw
Nurnberger Versicherungscupandnbsp;- Doubles
2016 Doubles
2016 in German tennis
Bratljevo is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 135 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Brent Allen Gaff (born October 5, 1958) is a former American professional baseball player who played for the New York Mets from 1982–84.
Gaff was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana and attended Churubusco High School in Churubusco, Indiana. They were drafted by the New York Mets in 6th the round (146th overall) of the 1977 Major League Baseball Draft. They were 23 years old when they broke into the big leagues on July 7, 1982, with the New York Mets. Although the Mets lost the game, 3-2, to the San Francisco Giants, Mets manager George Bamberger was quoted as saying, "The kid's got good command of their stuff and great confidence in himself. Their attitude's outstanding. They says 'Give me the ball and let me go.' I wanted them to win that game bad."
Gaff missed the entire 1985 season due to a partial tear of the rotator cuff in their right shoulder, and was released by the Mets in November of that year.
References
External links
, or Baseball Almanac, or Retrosheet, or Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Winter League)
1958 births
Living people
Baseball players from Fort Wayne, Indiana
Jackson Mets players
Major League Baseball pitchers
New York Mets players
Tiburones de La Guaira players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Tidewater Tides players
Wausau Mets players
Wausau Timbers players
"The House That Built Me" is a song written by Tom Douglas and Allen Shamblin, and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. Blake Shelton was originally set to record the song, but when Lambert heard it, they emotionally reacted to the lyrics, and immediately wanted to record it for herself. It was released in March 2010 as the third single from their third studio album, Revolution. It is the fastest-rising single of their career, reaching the Top 20 in its eighth week. For the chart week of June 12, 2010, the song became Lambert's first number one hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, and held its place at the top for four consecutive weeks. It is also Lambert's first single of their career that they did not have a hand in writing. Additionally, it was their second single to receive a platinum certification from the RIAA on January 31, 2011.
Lambert performed the song during the 2010 Academy of Country Music Awards on April 18, 2010, and received a standing ovation. At the 53rd Annual Grammy Awards on February 13, 2011, they won the Grammy for Best Female Country Vocal Performance.
Content
"The House That Built Me" is a country ballad in the key of F major driven primarily by acoustic guitar with steel guitar fills. The song's female narrator describes returning, as an adult, to the house that they grew up in, and asking the person who now lives in the house if they could step inside and take a look around. They refer to it as "the house that built [her]," because of all the memories that they had of growing up within its walls.
Allen Shamblin based the song on their experiences going back to the house in Huffman, Texas that they grew up in at least once a year.
Critical reception
The song received critical acclaim. Matt Bjorke described the song favorably in their review of Revolution, referring it as "one of the absolute best songs on the record." They note that while it could've been "a bombastic, overdone song," Lambert and their producers kept it "earthy and just downright beautiful." Bjorke later reviewed the single itself, describing it as a "song that plays on the country cliché of nostalgia without ever feeling cliché" and concluded that it stands a good chance of nomination in the 2010 CMA Awards. Blake Boldt of Engine 145 gave the song a thumbs up, favoring Lambert's preference in "organic storytelling instead of contrived commercial jingles." They described the song itself as "a gorgeous piece of melancholy country without getting squishy or sentimental" and called it an "early favorite for single of the year." Dan Milliken of Country Universe gave the song an A rating, describing it favorably as "the best on the album" and a standout for radio, because of "its grace and intelligence, not because it happens to be more disposably catchy than the others surrounding it."
"The House That Built Me" was ranked No. 1 on Engine 145's Best Country Songs of 2009. The song received nominations in three categories (Single of the Year, Song of the Year, and Music Video of the Year) at the 2010 CMA Awards. Billboard and Paste both ranked it number one on their lists of the 10 greatest Miranda Lambert songs. It was ranked No. 441 on Rolling Stone's "Top 500 Best Songs of All Time".
Commercial performance
"The House That Built Me" debuted at number 51 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of March 6, 2010. It also debuted at number 98 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart for the week of April 10, 2010, and at number 91 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart for the week of May 1, 2010; overall, it has become their most successful single on both of these charts. It is Lambert's fastest-rising single to date, and for the chart week of June 12, 2010, the song became their first number-one hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. It reached its 2 million sales mark in the US by April 2014. As of May 2016, the song has sold 2.267 million copies in the US.
Music video
The music video, which was directed by Trey Fanjoy, premiered on CMT on April 8, 2010. In the video, Lambert's tour bus pulls up to their childhood home, and they walk up to the front door to ask if they could come in. Inside the house, they wander through the various rooms, while documentary flashbacks of their family and themselves as a child in a house that looks nearly identical to the one in the video, are mixed in. Throughout the video, Lambert is shown performing with their acoustic guitar, seated on the floor in one of the bedrooms. Some of the footage used for the flashbacks consists of Lambert's own home videos. The video was filmed at a house just outside Nashville.
Lambert told The Boot that the concept of the video was clear: "This was one of those videos that needed to be really obvious ... [The director] found a house that looked a lot like the house I grew up in. There's no drama in the video. It just is what it is. It represents the song in such a great way."
In popular culture
Parodies
American parody artist Cledus T. Judd released a parody of the song under the title "The House That Broke Me" on their 2012 album, Parodyziac!!
Covers
American YouTuber Chester See released a cover of "The House That Built Me" on their YouTube channel in 2015.
American country artist Tanya Tucker recorded a cover of "The House That Built Me" for their album, While I'm Livin', which was released on August 23, 2019. While Lambert's version is from the perspective of a child who grew up in the titular house, Tucker's version is sung from the perspective of a mother who watched their children grow up in the house.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
Awards and nominations
"The House That Built Me" received three nominations at the 53rd Grammy Awards. It won the Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance, giving Lambert their first Grammy win.
References
2009 songs
2010 singles
2019 singles
2010s ballads
Miranda Lambert songs
Tanya Tucker songs
Columbia Nashville Records singles
Country ballads
Music videos directed by Trey Fanjoy
Song recordings produced by Frank Liddell
Songs written by Allen Shamblin
Songs written by Tom Douglas (songwriter)
Alrick Hubbell (October 4, 1801 Utica, Oneida County, New York – January 19, 1877 Utica, Oneida Co., NY) was an American politician from New York.
Life
They were the son of Mathew Hubbell (c. 1762–1819), a farmer who in 1789 left Berkshire County, Massachusetts and settled on a farm then in Herkimer County, New York, in the area where now the City of Utica is located.
Alrick Hubbell was Deputy Sheriff of Oneida County from 1826 to 1828, and at the same time Police Constable of the Village of Utica for a year. In June 1826, they married Laura Eliza Squire (d. 1877), and they had several children. In 1829, they became a merchant, and retired from business in 1855. They were a colonel of the State Militia.
They entered politics as a Whig, was Chief Engineer of the Utica Fire Department for about ten years, and an alderman from 1840 to 1842.
They were a delegate to the 1856 Republican National Convention, and was Mayor of Utica from 1856 to 1858.
They were a member of the New York State Senate (19th D.) in 1858 and 1859.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough, Stephen C. Hutchins and Edgar Albert Werner (1867; pg. 442 and 548)
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature of the State of New York in 1859 by William D. Murray (pg. 59ff)
1801 births
1877 deaths
New York (state) state senators
New York (state) Republicans
Mayors of Utica, New York
19th-century American politicians
Otto Rost (16 June 1887 – 25 June 1970) was a German sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1887 births
1970 deaths
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Döbeln
Eric Daman is a costume designer, fashion model, television personality, and author from New York City. Known for costume design and fashion styling on the American television series Sex and the City and Gossip Girl as well as designs for various products.
Early life and education
Eric Daman was born on August 21, 1970 in Monroe, Michigan, to Douglas and Maryann Daman. When they were 18, Daman began their undergraduate education at Wabash College, a small, private, liberal arts college for men, located in Crawfordsville, Indiana. They later transferred to Paris-Sorbonne University, a public research university in Paris, France, where they earned their Bachelor of Arts degree in French Literature at age 22.
Career
Daman began their career in the early 1990s as a fashion model in Paris. From there, Daman began working in the United States behind the scenes as a fashion stylist for photo advertising shoots and then television costume designer and set stylist. They also have designed luxury goods products.
1990s
While at Paris-Sorbonne University in 1991, Daman met Steven Meisel, an American fashion photographer who obtained popular acclaim through their work in US and Italian Vogue magazine and their photographs of friend Madonna for their 1992 book, Sex. Meisel use Daman as a fashion model in some of their work, eventually pairing Daman with Kate Moss, a model from England known for their waifish figure and popularizing the heroin chic look in the 1990s. Through Meisel's work, Moss and Daman appeared together in a series of Calvin Klein advertisements. Other photographers such as Pierre et Gilles, Mario Testino, and Peter Lindbergh used Daman in their advertising work and Daman eventually appeared as a fashion model on the cover and within L'Uomo Vogue, among other publications.
In 1998 at the age of 28, Daman moved from Paris to New York City and began a career behind the scenes working a fashion stylist in photo shoots with American fashion photographer Terry Richardson. Together, their work was published in magazines such as Spin, I.D., The Face (magazine), and Visionaire. Daman additionally worked as a creative consultant to fashion designer Miguel Adrover, assisting sweater-maker Pierre ("Pierrot") Carrilero in providing Adrover's line of sweaters.
2000s
In 2001, American costume designer, stylist and fashion designer Patricia Field hired Daman as an assistant costume designer to work with Sex and the City executive producer Sarah Jessica Parker to update the fashion and styling of that then-popular American television comedy-drama series with a more editorial tone that conveyed a downtown New York City style.
After winning the Primetime Emmy Award, Daman began collaborating with a number of private companies as a designer of men's and women's apparel, as well as women's accessories. For example, in 2008, clothing retailer Charlotte Russe hired Daman as Creative Director. Since then Daman has also designed a number of collections of dresses for Charlotte Russe.
In 2009, Daman's designs for American teen drama television series Gossip Girl earned them a nomination for 2008 Outstanding Contemporary Television Series from the Costume Designers Guild.
2010s
In 2011 Daman created a capsule collection of hosiery with fashion design label DKNY called Eric Daman for DKNY. A year later in 2012 Daman designed a collection of jewelry for Swarovski, a Wattens, Austria based designer and manufacturer of cut crystal and related luxury products. The Daman collection appeared as the subject of a series of Swarovski-produced webisodes that were entitled "The Daman Chronicles" and premiered online at Cambio.com in June, 2012.
In July 2012, American daily newspaper The New York Times described Daman's costume design work for Gossip Girl as being as much a part of the creation of a character as the show's writers. Daman design work has contributed to Gossip Girl fictional characters Blair Waldorf, Serena van der Woodsen, and Chuck Bass being listed as TV's best dressed in popular press articles.
Named as one of "the 7 influencers" who "could change everything about the way we look" in 2010 by the New York–based women's beauty magazine Allure,
Awards
In 2002, Daman was awarded for the 2002 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Costumes for a Series.
Filmography
Costume design for film is also among Daman's credits, the titles being The Adventures of Sebastian Cole, The Door in the Floor, Tenderness, Anamorph, Forty Shades of Blue, The Architect, Trainwreck: My LIfe as an Idiot, Quid-Pro-Quo. Fun Size, opening in theaters in October, 2012, is Daman's most recent film design credit. Television costume design credits for Daman include six seasons of Gossip Girl, and "The Carrie Diaries" which is slated to air early 2013 on the CW network.
Media appearances
Daman has appeared on E! News, The Rachel Ray Show; on America's Next Top Model and Project Runway All-Stars
Publications
Daman's first book, You Know You Want It: Style—Inspiration—Confidence, was published by Clarkson Potter/Random House in December, 2009.
References
External links
1970 births
American costume designers
Male models from Michigan
American fashion designers
American jewelry designers
Living people
University of Paris alumni
People from Monroe, Michigan
American expatriates in France
JK She'salady is a Standardbred pacing mare foaled in 2012 by Art Major and out of Presidential Lady. During their career they recorded 13 wins in 16 starts, capping it off with the prestigious Breeders Crown 2YO Filly Pace. Them lifetime earnings were $972,730. JK She'salady was harness racing's Horse of the Year in Canada and the United States for 2014.
On September 24, their trainer Nancy Johansson announced that they had been retired due to a bacterial lung infection. JK Shesalady will become a broodmare.
References
Canadian Standardbred racehorses
2012 racehorse births
Harness Horse of the Year winners
American Champion harness horses
Complete Feedback is one of Charles Hockett's 16 Design features of language which states that speakers are able to hear what they are saying. Through their auditory channels they are able to receive feedback on what they are vocalizing.
References
Language acquisition
The Gandhi High School in Pécs, Hungary (in Romani: Gandhi (Mashkarutni Shkola ando Pech)), was founded with donations given by several individuals from the private sector and with further donations from other organizations in 1992, this becoming the first high school for Romani people in Hungary, that has been actively operating since 1994.
It was named after the Indian Mahatma Gandhi, to emphasize the Indian origin of all Romani groups.
The purpose of the middle school/high school is to provide a school-leaving exam (A-level), also to improve the prospects of Romani children in Hungary and to help to preserve the Romani culture.
The school is financed by the Government of gandihs left toe with additional funds from to harden EU and by donations.
The school consists of 69 classrooms where about 250 male and female pupils study, mostly between the ages of 14 to 18.
There are also courses available for the older generation.
The first group of students beginning in 1994 took their school-leaving exam (A-level) in 2000 and out of 18 pupils, 16 have applied to universities, whilst 7 out of the 18 students gained entry to their desired universities.
Less than 1% of Romani people in Hungary are university graduates.
Although the school is open to all, currently only five non-Romani are being enrolled to our institution but hopefully this picture will soon change as quality of education is being improved.
See also
Roma in Hungary
References
Sources
Information in German
I Mashkarutni Shkola Gandhi (magyarikanes)
I librariya (pustakalya)
External links
YouTube:Working with the Roma People at the Gandhi School
Gymnasiums in Hungary
Organisations based in Pécs
Romani in Hungary
1992 establishments in Hungary
Educational institutions established in 1992
Jesús Alberto Dátolo (born 19 May 1984) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Banfield.
Club career
Dátolo started their career in 2000 at Cañuelas in Primera C Metropolitana, Argentina's fourth division. In 2002, they signed for Primera División club, Banfield and broke into the first team squad in 2005. They played with their future Boca Juniors colleagues; Rodrigo Palacio and Gabriel Paletta. Dátolo moved to Boca Juniors during the mid-year transfer period of 2006. Boca bought 50% of their pass, and 100% of the sports rights.
They were a regular in the Boca starting line-up since the 2007 Apertura, where their performances gradually improved. They were a part of the Boca Juniors team that won the 2007 Copa Libertadores. In the 2008 Copa Libertadores, Datolo scored in Boca's 3–0 win against Venezuela's Maracaibo, as Boca progressed to the knock-out stages after being required to win by at least three goals. Datolo would again score in Boca's 2–1 first-leg win against Brazil's Cruzeiro at the Round of 16 stage. Boca reached the semi-final stage of the Copa Libertadores where which they were eliminated by Brazil's Fluminense. Boca Juniors went on to win the 2008 Torneo Apertura.
After the Torneo de Verano of January 2009 Dátolo would go on to sign for Italian Serie A club, Napoli. On 16 January 2010, it was announced that Napoli's 25-year-old midfielder will play on loan for Olympiakos F.C. until the end of the season. Datolo had asked Napoli for a transfer in order to gain regular game time to secure a place in Argentina's team at the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Greek club Olympiacos had beaten off a deal with Datolo ahead of Paris Saint-Germain F.C., who were chasing their signature as well.
Dátolo played for Internacional, after arriving from RCD Espanyol. On 9 August 2013, they signed with Atlético Mineiro. After the end of their contract, Dátolo signed with Vitória in January 2017. They scored their first two goals on 15 February, including one direct from a corner.
Career statistics
International career
Dátolo made their international debut for Argentina in a friendly match against Russia in Moscow on 12 August 2009; they scored their first goal after just 20 seconds on the pitch. Their first competitive goal came in a 3–1 loss against Brazil with a 30-yard shot.
International goals
Honours
Boca Juniors
Recopa Sudamericana: 2006, 2008
Copa Libertadores: 2007
Argentine Primera División: Apertura 2008
Internacional
Campeonato Gaúcho: 2012, 2013
Atlético Mineiro
Recopa Sudamericana: 2014
Copa do Brasil: 2014
Campeonato Mineiro: 2015
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
People from Ezeiza Partido
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Argentine Primera División players
Cañuelas footballers
Club Atlético Banfield footballers
Boca Juniors footballers
Serie A players
S.S.C. Napoli players
Super League Greece players
Olympiacos F.C. players
La Liga players
RCD Espanyol footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Sport Club Internacional players
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Argentina international footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
The Junior men's race at the 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held at the Guiyang horse racing circuit in Guiyang, China, on March 28, 2015. Reports of the event were given for the IAAF.
Complete results for individuals, and for teams were published.
Race results
Junior men's race (8 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result.
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 118 athletes from 26 countries participated in the Junior men's race.
See also
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Junior men's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
2015 in youth sport
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships
David Raymond Paige (April 8, 1844 – June 30, 1901) was an American politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1883 to 1885.
Biography
Born in Madison, Ohio, Paige attended the public schools and Western Reserve Academy, Hudson, Ohio.
They were graduated from Union College, Schenectady, New York, in 1865.
They engaged in the hardware business in Akron, Ohio.
Treasurer of Summit County 1875-1879.
Congress
Paige was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1883 – March 3, 1885).
They engaged in the contracting business.
They died in New York City June 30, 1901.
They were interred in Evergreen Cemetery, Painesville, Ohio.
Private life
Paige was married to Ellen Lewis King of Akron, January 19, 1870. They died December 20, 1877, leaving two sons. They remarried December 22, 1884 to Eva Bell Leek of Cleveland, Ohio.
References
Sources
1844 births
1901 deaths
People from Painesville, Ohio
Union College (New York) alumni
Politicians from Akron, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Madison, Ohio
Western Reserve Academy alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Taneke Batyr was a Kazakh tribal leader who lived from 1807 to 1884 on the territory of the present Aksu district of Taldykorgan region. With Chokan Valikhanov, they influenced the peaceful dialogue between the Kazakh clans and the Russian Empire, which randomly populated the Kazakh lands during the reign of Batyr.
The Taneke Batyr is a relative of the famous General Baribay Batyr. The Taneke Batyr died at the age of 77 years. Initially, the cemetery where Batyr rests built in 1885. The cemetery is ancestral and relatives of the Batyr buried there.
Mausoleum of the Taneke Batyr
The mausoleum of Taneke Batyr built later than cemetery. The exact date is unknown. The mausoleum is located about 100 km from the Taldykorgan city near the highway R-127 between the villages Kapal and Arasan.
Mazar of the Taneke Batyr is similar to the cradle, due to the upper facade covered with an impressive height. At present, the Mazar almost destroyed and a small wall remains that there was a mausoleum. In 1992, the descendants of Batyr installed a slab with an inscription and a Crescent moon engraved on it. The territory of Mazar surrounded by a metal fence. There are other graves of the Batyrs family near the Mazar. The monument-mausoleum is a historical and architectural heritage, included in the list of monuments and protected by the state.
Source and links
Қорғаған ұлан – байтақ даласын Батыр бабам – рухы биік данасың!
Постановление акимата Алматинской области от 27 апреля 2010 года № 53 «Об утверждении Государственного списка памятников истории и культуры местного значения Алматинской области»
Управление культуры, архивов и документации Алматинской области - Сакральные места Алматинской области
НП.kz Люди
Танеке Батыр
1807 births
1884 deaths
Ethnic Kazakh people
In zoology, a florivore (not to be confused with a folivore) is an animal which mainly eats products of flowers. Florivores are types of herbivores (often referred to as floral herbivores), yet within the feeding behaviour of florivory, there are a range of other more specific feeding behaviours, including, but not limited to:
Granivory: the consumption of grain and seeds
Nectarivory: the consumption of flower nectar
Palynivory: the consumption of flower pollen
Frugivory: the consumption of fruit
Diet
A florivore's diet consists of bulky foodstuffs, including the items mentioned above, yet also bark, roots, and similar items. Many florivores are also omnivores, meaning that their diets can also be supplemented by various small insects, for instance.
Examples
The majority of birds in the Psittacine family are florivores, which includes most parrots, parakeets, macaws, and cockatoos. Other notable florivores are hummingbirds, sparrows, and toucans. The crab-eating macaque acts as an invasive florivore in Mauritius, where it forages voraciously on flowers of native plants, including the endangered, endemic Roussea simplex.
See also
Herbivore
Frugivore
Nectarivore
Palynivore
Granivore
References
External links
Bibliography
Approaches to Plant Evolutionary Ecology by G.P. Cheplick
Poultry Nutrition: A Comparative Approach by K. C. Klasing (Department of animal science, University of California, Davis, California 95616, 2005)
Animals by eating behaviors
Herbivory
Xinzhai is a Bronze Age archaeological site in Henan, China.
Xinzhai may also refer to a number of locations in China:
Towns
Written as "新宅镇":
Xinzhai, Wuyi County, Zhejiang, in Wuyi County, Zhejiang
Written as "辛寨镇":
Xinzhai, Linqu County, in Linqu County, Shandong
Xinzhai, Yucheng, Shandong, in Yucheng City, Shandong
Written as "新寨镇":
Xinzhai, Weiyuan County, Gansu, in Weiyuan County, Gansu
Xinzhai, Laoting County, Hebei
Townships
Written as "辛寨乡":
Xinzhai Township, Zhangqiu, in Zhangqiu City, Shandong
Written as "新寨乡":
Xinzhai Township, Tanchang County, in Tanchang County, Gansu
Xinzhai Township, Changshun County, in Changshun County, Guizhou
Xinzhai Township, Yinjiang County, in Yinjiang Tujia and Miao Autonomous County, Guizhou
Xinzhai Township, Wuzhai County, in Wuzhai County, Shanxi
Villages
Written as "新寨村":
Xinzhai, Mengla County, Yunnan
Srezojevci is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 424 people.
Princess consort Ljubica Vukomanović-Obrenović was born in this village in September 1788.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The final and the qualifying heats of the women's 4×100 metre medley relay event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Friday 16 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
Final
Qualifying heats
Heat 1
Heat 2
See also
1996 Women's Olympic Games 4x100m Medley (Atlanta)
1997 Women's World Championships (SC) 4x100m Medley (Gothenburg)
1997 Women's European Championships (LC) 4x100m Medley (Seville)
2000 Women's Olympic Games 4x100m Medley (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
1998 in women's swimming
Agence et Messageries Aérienne du Zaïre (AMAZ), formerly Agence et Messageries Aérienne du Congo (AMAC), was a Zairean airline. It had its headquarters at Aérodrome de N'Dolo in Kinshasa. The carrier was formed in the 1960s to take over some services flown by Cogeair, and provided feeder services to Air Zaïre. It ceased operations in the late 1970s.
History
The company was established in the 1960s to partly take over the route network operated by Cogeair and to provide services to destinations not served by Air Zaire. In 1971, Cogeair was taken over by the company. At , the carrier had Aztecs, Beech C-45s, DC-3s, Herons and Islanders in operation deployed on a route network that included 20 cities and villages in the country, linked to Goma, Kananga, Kinshasa or Lubumbashi.
By , Agence et Messageries Aérienne du Zaïre was operating an extensive feeder network along the Kinshasa–Lusanga–Idiofa–Ilebo–Kinshasa and Kinshasa–Boma–Moanda–Kinshasa runs that connected with Air Zaïre services, and also linked Kalemie and Moba with Lubumbashi. At this time, the fleet included seven Beech C-45s, four BN-2A Islanders, two de Havilland Herons, three Douglas DC-3s, one Douglas DC-4, one Mitsubishi MU-2G and three Piper Aztecs. These aircraft were also used for charter passenger and cargo flights. At , the fleet consisted of three BN-2A Islanders, two DC-3s, four Douglas DC-4s and one HS.125-400B.
Agence et Messageries Aérienne du Zaïre ceased operations in the late 1970s.
Destinations
Following is a list of destinations served by the carrier throughout its history:
Beni
Boma
Bunia
Idiofa
Ilebo
Kalemie
Kananga
Kinshasa
Lubumbashi
Lusanga
Masi-Manimba
Moanda
Moba
Fleet
Through the years, the carrier operated the following aircraft:
Beech C-45
BN-2A Islander
de Havilland Heron
Douglas DC-3
Douglas DC-4
HS.125
Mitsubishi MU-2G
Piper PA-23 Aztec
Piper PA-25 Pawnee
See also
Transport in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
Bibliography
Defunct airlines of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Companies based in Kinshasa
Huang Geng (born 10 July 1970) is a retired male long jumper from PR China. Their personal best is 8.38 metres, achieved in May 1995 in Taiyuan.
Achievements
References
1970 births
Living people
Chinese male long jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of China
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 1990 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
The 2016 Perth Darts Masters was the third staging of the tournament by the Professional Darts Corporation, as the sixth and final entry in the 2016 World Series of Darts. The tournament featured 16 players (eight top PDC Players facing eight regional qualifiers) and was held at the Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre in Perth, Western Australia from 25–27 August 2017.
Phil Taylor was the two-times defending champion after defeating James Wade 11–7 in the last year's final, but lost in the first round to the regional qualifier Corey Cadby.
Michael van Gerwen won the title by defeating Dave Chisnall 11–4 in the final.
Qualifiers
The eight seeded PDC players were:
Gary Anderson (Quarter-finals)
Michael van Gerwen (Winner)
Phil Taylor (First round)
Adrian Lewis (Quarter-finals)
James Wade (Quarter-finals)
Dave Chisnall (Runner-up)
Peter Wright (Semi-finals)
Raymond van Barneveld (Semi-finals)
The Oceanic qualifiers were:
Simon Whitlock (First round)
Kyle Anderson (First round)
Corey Cadby (Quarter-finals)
Adam Rowe (First round)
Kim Lewis (First round)
David Platt (First round)
Rob Szabo (First round)
Koha Kokiri (First round)
Draw
Broadcasting
The tournament was available in the following countries on these channels:
References
Perth Darts Masters
Perth Darts Masters
World Series of Darts
Sports competitions in Perth, Western Australia
2010s in Perth, Western Australia
Fritiof Stig Sjöstrand (5 November 1912 – 6 April 2011) was a Swedish physician and histologist born in Stockholm. They started their medical education at Karolinska Institutet in 1933, where they received their Ph.D. Karolinska Institutet in 1944. Sjöstrand worked as an assistant at the department of pharmacology, where they first had used polarization microscopy, they first heard about the new method of electron microscopy in 1938, within which they would become a pioneer. Manne Siegbahn at the Nobel Institute for Physics had planned to build an electron microscope in Sweden, and Sjöstrand got involved in the project to explore its use in medical research. The main challenge was to produce sufficiently thin samples, and Sjöstrand's method for producing ultrathin tissue samples was published in Nature in 1943. However, it seemed that research based on electron microscopy would be too time-consuming for a Ph.D. thesis, so their 1944 thesis was based on fluorescence spectroscopy. In 1947-1948, they received a scholarship to further study electron microscopy at Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Department of Biology. Back in Sweden, they received funding to build up an electron microscopy research laboratory. In 1959, Sjöstrand was both offered a position as professor of histology at Karolinska Institutet, and as professor at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). They chose UCLA, because conditions for research and funding were better there.
Sjöstrand founded the Journal of Ultrastructure Research in 1957. Since 1990, the journal has been called the Journal of Structural Biology.
Sjöstrand died on 6 April 2011, at the age of 98.
In the recognition of Fritiof Sjöstrand's contribution to the development of electron microscopy, the Annual Sjöstrand Lecture series was set up in 2018 in Sweden. A holder of the lectureship also spends time with students and postdocs at SciLifeLab. The Inaugural Lecture was given by Venki Ramakrishnan at the Karolinska Institute. The 2019 lecture was given by Jennifer Doudna. The 2021 lecture will be given by Jennifer Lippincott-Schwartz.
References
In Memoriam
1912 births
2011 deaths
Swedish pathologists
Swedish biologists
Histologists
Karolinska Institute alumni
Karolinska Institute faculty
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
Swedish expatriates in the United States
The Roman Catholic Church in Burkina Faso is composed only of a Latin hierarchy, comprising three ecclesiastical provinces, led by Metropolitan Archbishops, which have a total of twelve suffragan dioceses.
All and only Niger is covered by the Ecclesiastical Province of Niamey, which is composed of the capital's Metropolitan Archdiocese of Niamey and a single suffrage diocese: the Roman Catholic Diocese of Maradi, seated in the southern city of Maradi.
Neither has a national episcopal conference, but the two former French Sahel colonies form a joint transnational Episcopal Conference of Burkina Faso and Niger.
There are no Eastern Catholic, pre-diocesan or other exempt jurisdictions.
There are no titular sees. All defunct jurisdictions have current successor sees.
There is an Apostolic Nunciature to Burkina Faso as papal diplomatic representation (embassy level), into which the Apostolic Nunciature to Niger is also vested.
Current Latin Dioceses
In Burkina Faso
Ecclesiastical Province of Bobo-Dioulasso
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Bobo-Dioulasso
Roman Catholic Diocese of Banfora
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dédougou
Roman Catholic Diocese of Diébougou
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nouna
Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaoua
Ecclesiastical Province of Koupéla
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Koupéla
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dori
Roman Catholic Diocese of Fada N'Gourma
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kaya
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tenkodogo
Ecclesiastical Province of Ouagadougou
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Ouagadougou
Roman Catholic Diocese of Koudougou
Roman Catholic Diocese of Manga
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ouahigouya.
In Niger
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Niamey
Roman Catholic Diocese of Maradi.
See also
List of Catholic dioceses (structured view)
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org Burkina Faso - data for all sections.
GCatholic.org Niger - data for all sections.
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
Burkina Faso
Catholic dioceses
Catholic dioceses
Kronos Incorporated was an American multinational workforce management and human capital management cloud provider headquartered in Lowell, Massachusetts, United States, which employed more than 6,000 people worldwide.
In February 2020, the company announced a merger with Ultimate Software and that the combined company would be led by Aron Ain and be called Ultimate Kronos Group. The merger was officially completed on April 1, 2020.
History
Kronos was founded in 1977 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Simon Business School alumnus Mark S. Ain. Under Mark Ain's leadership, Kronos sustained one of the longest records of growth and profitability as a public company in software industry history.
In 1979, Kronos delivered the world's first microprocessor-based time clock and, in 1985, delivered its first PC-based time and attendance product.
In 1992, Kronos became a publicly-traded company on NASDAQ.
Aron Ain, succeeded their brother Mark Ain as chief executive officer in 2005.
In March 2007, Kronos went private again, bought out for US$1.74 billion by the lead investor Hellman & Friedman and the secondary investor JMI Equity.
In 2012, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals enforced a subpoena seeking production of documents by Kronos, Inc., in an administrative charge before the EEOC alleging disability discrimination. The charge was brought by an individual job applicant against Kroger Food Co., who did not hire the job applicant and used a Kronos assessment as part of its hiring process. Kronos, which was not a party to the litigation, objected to the EEOC's subpoena on the basis that the information requested was irrelevant, and production would require Kronos to disclose protected trade secret information.
In 2014, private equity firms Blackstone and GIC invested in Kronos alongside Hellman & Friedman and JMI Equity. In the transaction, Kronos was valued at $4.5 billion. This was the first year that the company achieved $1 billion in annual revenue.
In 2017, Kronos moved its corporate headquarters from the nearby town of Chelmsford to the Cross Point Towers in Lowell, Massachusetts, consolidating multiple offices under one roof.
In February 2020, the company announced a merger with Ultimate Software and that the combined company will be led by Aron Ain.
In April 2020, as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Kronos introduced an automated report-generating tool to aid contact tracing. The tool analyzes work and attendance records of employees who test positive (or presumed positive) for COVID-19 to generate a report of potentially affected co-workers.
On December 13, 2021, Kronos announced that, on December 11, it was discovered that Kronos had been subject to a ransomware attack which disabled the functionality of the Kronos Private Cloud software for "up to several weeks". This breach forced many Kronos customers including municipalities, universities, and private employers to resort to alternative methods, including issuance of paper checks, to properly pay their employees.
Products
Originally a manufacturer of time clocks, the majority of Kronos' revenue is now derived from software and services. The company provides cloud applications for workforce management and human capital management, as well as consulting, education, and support services to its customers.
Acquisitions
Kronos has conducted a number of acquisitions, with some of the most notable including:
Principal Decision Systems International (PDSI)
The Workforce Solutions software division of SimplexGrinnell
Stromberg
3i Systems
SaaShr.com
Time Link International Corporation (TimeLink)
Empower Software Solutions
Financial Management Solutions, Inc. (FMSI)
Digital Instinct Pty. Limited
OptiLink
References
External links
Business software companies
Software companies based in Massachusetts
Companies based in Lowell, Massachusetts
Software companies established in 1977
Human resource management software
Cloud computing providers
Multinational companies headquartered in the United States
Privately held companies based in Massachusetts
1977 establishments in Massachusetts
American companies established in 1977
1992 initial public offerings
2007 mergers and acquisitions
2020 mergers and acquisitions
Private equity portfolio companies
Software companies of the United States
Akigami Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 83.3 km2. The dam impounds about 73 ha of land when full and can store 17584 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1952 and completed in 1953.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1953 establishments in Japan
Nikolay Albertovich Kun (,
21 May 1877 – 28 October 1940) was a Russian historian, writer, and educator.
 They are best known for their book Greek Myths and Legends (Legendy i Mify Drevnei Gretsii), which was extremely popular with readers in the Soviet Union.
First published in 1914, it has been republished many times since and translated into a number of European languages.
Biography
After graduating from Moscow University in 1903, they worked in a women's seminary in Tver, went to Germany in 1905 where they worked for one year in the Berlin University, then came back to Tver to give lectures on the history of culture in the Tver People's University. Since 1908 they taught history in Moscow high schools and lectured in several Moscow universities. They spent 1911 and 1912 in Rome making excursions to museums for Russian teachers and giving lectures on the arts of ancient Greece and Rome. In 1915 they were appointed professor of history at the Moscow City People's University, and professor of social science at the Moscow University in 1920. Since 1933 they were one of the editors of the Great Soviet Encyclopedia and the Small Soviet Encyclopedia.
They died in 1940.
Sources
Nikolay Kun (in Russian).
References
20th-century Russian historians
Writers from Moscow
1877 births
1940 deaths
Moscow State University alumni
Tver State University faculty
John H. Bieling (March 15, 1869 – March 30, 1948) was an American tenor singer who was a pioneer recording artist in the early years of the twentieth century. They featured on thousands of recordings, especially as a member of The Haydn Quartet and The American Quartet, two of the most popular vocal groups of the period.
Biography
They were born in New York City, and started work in the 1880s in a stained glass factory. They also sang in vocal groups, and by the early 1890s was a member of the Manhansett (or Manhasset) Quartet, with George J. Gaskin, Joe Riley and Walter Snow. The quartet made its first recordings in 1892 for the United States Phonograph Company in Newark, New Jersey, and also recorded for many other early cylinder recording companies including Columbia and Edison. Bieling also recorded in the 1890s in a duo with Gaskin. Their purity of tone led them to be nicknamed "The Canary".
In 1898, Bieling formed a new vocal group, with Samuel Holland Rous (who performed as S. H. Dudley), Jere Mahoney, and William F. Hooley. Mahoney was soon replaced by John Scantlebury Macdonald, who used the pseudonym Harry Macdonough. They recorded as the Edison Male Quartet for Edison, before taking the name The Haydn Quartet in order to record for other companies. In 1901 they began recording for Victor Records, and had great success over the next decade as one of the premier recording groups of the time. The Haydn Quartet's biggest commercial successes included "In the Good Old Summer Time" (1903), "Bedelia" (1904), "Sweet Adeline (You're the Flower of My Heart)" (1904), "How'd You Like To Spoon With Me" (with Corinne Morgan, 1906), "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" (with Billy Murray, 1908), "Sunbonnet Sue" (1908), "Put On Your Old Gray Bonnet" (1909), and "By the Light of the Silv'ry Moon" (with Murray, 1910).
As well as their group performances, Bieling recorded successfully as a solo singer. Their successes included "In the Sweet Bye and Bye" (1903) and "Over the Hills and Far Away" (1908). Bieling also recorded as a member of The American Quartet. This was formed in 1909 by the Victor company, essentially to provide a new showcase for their star singer, Billy Murray, who took the lead role. The other group members, with Murray and Bieling, were Steve Porter and William F. Hooley. Many of the American Quartet's early recordings were of "cowboy songs", a vogue of the time. The group's recordings again became hugely popular, their early successes including "Casey Jones" (1910), "Call Me Up Some Rainy Afternoon" (with Ada Jones, 1910), "Oh, You Beautiful Doll" (1911), and "Moonlight Bay" (1912).
In 1911, Victor formed another group featuring Bieling, the Heidelberg Quintet, which also contained Murray, Porter, Hooley, and counter-tenor Will Oakland, and had success with "Waiting for the Robert E. Lee" (1912). However, Bieling's voice began to suffer through overwork, and the requirement on them to make cowboy whoops on some of their records, particularly during a 1910 recording session for Edison which damaged their vocal cords. At the time, many studio takes were required to produce sufficient copies of a recording to satisfy public demand. In mid-1913 Bieling decided to give up singing.
Bieling then went to work in Victor Records' sales department. They later left the company and became a dealer in Victrola phonographs. They retired in 1926, and moved to live in Hempstead, Long Island.
Later in life, Bieling led gatherings of individuals who had made early phonograph recordings. The gatherings were christened "John Bieling Day" after their death.
They died in Hempstead in 1948, at the age of 79.
References
External links
John H. Bieling recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings.
1869 births
1948 deaths
Pioneer recording artists
American tenors
Victor Records artists
Edison Records artists
Singers from New York (state)
Vaudeville performers
Berliner Gramophone artists
Bingaman is a surname, an altered spelling of the German surname Bingemann. Notable people with the surname include:
Adam Lewis Bingaman (1790–1869), Mississippi state representative and president of the Mississippi State Senate
Jeff Bingaman (born 1943), senior U.S. Senator from the state of New Mexico
Les Bingaman (1926–1970), NFL Pro Bowl defensive end and coach
See also
Bingaman Lake, a lake in California
References
Surnames of German origin
My Own True Love is a 1949 American drama film directed by Compton Bennett and written by Arthur Kober, Josef Mischel and Theodore Strauss. The film stars Phyllis Calvert, Melvyn Douglas, Wanda Hendrix, Philip Friend, Binnie Barnes and Alan Napier. The film was released on February 2, 1949, by Paramount Pictures.
It is an adaptation of the novel Make You a Fine Wife by Yolanda Foldes. In postwar England, a woman is emotionally torn when their fiancée's son returns from the army and they strike up a potential romance.
Synopsis
Shortly after VE Day, widowed Colonel Clive Heath encounters ATS Joan Clews at the barracks where their daughter Sheila, a corporal, is stationed. They have been working in the Army film unit, while they discover that Joan has spent some time imprisoned by the Germans who caught them in France assisting escaping RAF airmen. Encouraged by their daughter they head out on a date, but their elaborate plans for a dinner in London are cut short by engine failure in their car.
The two bond, but problems arise when Clive's son who had been thought dead at the hands of the Japanese is discovered alive in a Malay village, but missing a leg. Their old spark is gone and their father is discouraged, particularly when they show more interest in Joan who their father has become engaged to. They try to help him, working out that their attraction to them is a displacement to the Malaysian wife and child they lost when the Japanese captured the village. Father and son are eventually reconciled.
Cast
Phyllis Calvert as Joan Clews
Melvyn Douglas as Clive Heath
Wanda Hendrix as Sheila Heath
Philip Friend as Michael Heath
Binnie Barnes as Geraldine
Alan Napier as Kittredge
Arthur Shields as Iverson
Phyllis Morris as Mrs. Peach
Richard Webb as Corporal
Wilson Benge as Waiter
Clifford Brooke as Coffee Stall Proprietor
Peter Coe as Rene
George Douglas as Cutter
Betty Fairfax as Woman in Hut
Jean Fenwick as Corporal
Leyland Hodgson as Taxi Driver
Robin Hughes as English Officer
T. Arthur Hughes as Doorman
Miriam Jordan as Miss Robinson
Paul Kreibich as Maitre d'Hotel
Mary MacLarena s Woman in Hut
Joseph Marr as Proprietor
William Meader as Room Clerk
Marie Osborne as Woman Passenger
David Thursby as Mechanic
Norma Varden a Red Cross Nurse
Ernö Verebes as Captain of Waiters
Patrick Whyte as Flight Lieutenant
Production
The film was based on the novel Make You a Fine Wife. Paramount, who had already bought Golden Earrings by the same author, bought the screen rights in September 1946. Val Lewton was assigned to produce and Leonore Coffee given the job of writing the script.
In December 1946 Paramount announced they had signed a contract with Phyllis Calvert — then in Los Angeles making their Hollywood debut with Time Out of Mind. They were to make six films, three over two years then one a year after that, starting with Make You a Fine Wife. In February 1947 Paramount announced the film version would be called My Own True Love. Calvert returned to England to make a film then came back to Hollywood for My Own True Love'.
In April 1947 Compton Bennett signed to direct. By June Wanda Hendrix and Melvyn Douglas were set as co stars; they were the only Americans in the lead cast. Filming started in July. It was shot entirely in Los Angeles.
In September, while the film was still being shot, it was reported that the filmmakers had still not decided who Calvert's character should end up with. "In England we wouldn't worry about it," said Calvert. "It'd be either 'A' or 'U' and make big money."
In October 1947 Calvert returned to London, where they appeared in a production of Peter Pan.
References
Bibliography
Edmund G. Bansak. Fearing the Dark: The Val Lewton Career''. McFarland, 2003.
External links
1949 films
Paramount Pictures films
American drama films
1949 drama films
Films directed by Compton Bennett
Films produced by Val Lewton
Films scored by Robert Emmett Dolan
Films set in London
Films based on British novels
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The number of animated series with LGBTQ characters increased from the previous decade. From 2000 to 2004, such characters appeared prominently in Queer Duck, Drawn Together, and The Venture Bros. all of which were Western animations. However, they appeared more frequently in anime series such as Gravitation, Kino's Journey, Kannazuki no Miko, and My-HiME. The shows airing during this period set the stage for those to come in 2005 to 2009, the latter part of the decade.
This list only includes recurring characters, otherwise known as supporting characters, which appear frequently from time to time during the series' run, often playing major roles in more than one episode, and those in the main cast are listed below. LGBTQ characters which are guest stars or one-off characters are listed on the pages focusing exclusively on gay (in animation and anime), lesbian (in animation and anime), bisexual (in animation and anime), trans, pansexual, asexual, non-binary, and intersex characters.
For a further understanding of how these LGBTQ characters fit into the overall history of animation, see the History of LGBTQ characters in animated series: 2000s page.
The entries on this page are organized alphanumerically by duration dates and then alphabetically by the first letter of a specific series.
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
See also
List of yuri anime and manga
List of LGBT-related films by year
List of animated films with LGBT characters
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
2000s animated television series
2000s-related lists
Animated
Lists of animated series
2000 in LGBT history
2001 in LGBT history
2002 in LGBT history
2003 in LGBT history
2004 in LGBT history
2000 in television
2001 in television
2002 in television
2003 in television
2004 in television
Walter Joachim (3 January 1901 – 1976) was an Austrian footballer. They played in four matches for the Austria national football team from 1917 to 1919.
References
External links
1901 births
1976 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The D-T oil field is an oil field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea. It was discovered in 2010 and developed by Sterling Resources. It will begin production in 2018 and will produce oil. The total proven reserves of the D-T oil field are around 20 million barrels (2.8×106tonnes), and production is centered on .
References
Black Sea energy
Oil fields in Romania
Giovanni d'Aragona may refer to:
Giovanni d'Aragona (cardinal) (1456–1485), Italian Roman Catholic cardinal
Giovanni Vincenzo Acquaviva d'Aragona (c. 1490–1546), Italian Roman Catholic cardinal
Gordon Dougan is a Professor in the Department of Medicine at the University of Cambridge and head of pathogen research and a member of the board of management at the Wellcome Sanger Institute in Cambridge, United Kingdom.  They are also a Fellow of Wolfson College, Cambridge. During their career, Dougan has pioneered work on enteric diseases and been heavily involved in the movement to improve vaccine usage in developing countries. In this regard they were recently voted as one of the top ten most influential people in the vaccine world by people working in the area.
Education
Dougan grew up on a council estate in Scunthorpe and was educated at Henderson Avenue Junior School, Scunthorpe Grammar School and John Leggott College. They graduated with a degree in Biochemistry and received their PhD, both from the University of Sussex.
Research and career
After their PhD, Dougan completed postdoctoral research at the University of Washington (Seattle) in the laboratory of Professor Stanley Falkow. Dougan's research team studies enteric pathogens with a strong emphasis on basic pathogenic mechanisms and immunology. They have a particular interest in using genomics to study host/pathogens interactions, in particular using Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi, the cause of typhoid. They have extensive experience working both in industry and in academia. Before moving to the WTSI they were the Director of the Centre for Molecular Microbiology and Infection at the Imperial College London and a Professor of Physiological Biochemistry. There they were responsible for securing multimillion-pound funding for a new building in Kensington and providing infrastructure for the science.
Throughout their career Dougan has served as a referee, advisor and consultant for numerous institutions, universities, boards, committees and other organisations. They were a trustee of the International Vaccine Institute in Korea and has worked with other global agencies including the World Health Organization and the Global Alliance for Vaccine and Innovations (now GAVI Alliance).
Dougan was a lecturer in the Moyne Institute in Trinity College, Dublin and then worked for over ten years in industry developing vaccines and novel drugs at the Wellcome Foundation (now GlaxoSmithKline GSK). They have participated in early and late clinical studies on several vaccines and is an expert in vaccinology/pathogenic mechanisms, specialising on the immunology of mucosal vaccines and molecular basis of infection. They have been Chair of the Novartis Vaccines & Diagnostics Scientific Advisory Board and has spun out a number of companies. They have published over 400 research papers, edited several books and has sat on the editorial boards of prestigious journals.
Awards and honours
Dougan was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2012. Their nomination reads:
Dougan was elected a member of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO) in 2011. They were elected a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci) in 2002.
Personal life
Dougan has been a lifelong supporter of Scunthorpe United and is an experienced beekeeper.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Scunthorpe
Alumni of the University of Sussex
British microbiologists
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of Wolfson College, Cambridge
The 1969 animated film A Boy Named Charlie Brown, based on Charles M. Schulz's comic strip Peanuts, had two different soundtrack albums. These albums were released individually in 1970 and 2017.
Background
A Boy Named Charlie Brown is the debut theatrical film based on the Peanuts comic strip by Charles M. Schulz. For the music score, producer Lee Mendelson recruited jazz pianist Vince Guaraldi, who had previously composed uptempo jazz melodies for the first six Peanuts television specials as well as the unaired documentary of the same name. Guaraldi did not compose new songs for the film, but instead fitted established compositions with a more "theatrical" treatment featuring lusher horn-filled arrangements. Instrumental tracks used in the film included new variations of the songs "Skating", "Baseball Theme", "Charlie Brown and Their All-Stars", "Oh, Good Grief", "Air Music", "Blue Charlie Brown", and several versions of the Peanuts franchise theme song, "Linus and Lucy". Guaraldi also resurrected the non-Peanuts song "Lucifer's Lady" from their album The Eclectic Vince Guaraldi (1969), retitled "Kite Music (Lucifer's Lady)".
To fill out the sound, Mendelson also hired composer/arranger John Scott Trotter (who also worked in concert with Guaraldi since 1966's It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown) and composer/singer Rod McKuen. When discussing the augmentation of Guaraldi's established jazz scores with additional musicians, Mendelson commented, "It wasn't that we thought Vince's jazz couldn't carry the movie, but we wanted to supplement it with some 'big screen music.' We focused on Vince for the smaller, more intimate Charlie Brown scenes; for the larger moments, we turned to Trotter's richer, full-score sound." Guaraldi's services were passed over entirely for the second Peanuts feature film, Snoopy Come Home, with Mendelson turning to longtime Disney composers the Sherman Brothers to compose the music score.
The film included several original songs, some of which boasted vocals: "Failure Face", "I Before E" and "Champion Charlie Brown". McKuen wrote and sang the title song, as well as writing "Failure Face" and "Champion Charlie Brown". Trotter composed additional songs, like "Cloud Dreams", "Catatonic Blues" and "Bus Wheel Blues".
Several recording sessions occurred between April and October 1969, all under the supervision of Trotter. They and Guaraldi booked several jazz combos for one date; Guaraldi worked solely with trio sidemen Peter Marshall and Jerry Granelli on another.
A soundtrack album with dialogue from the film was released on the Columbia Masterworks label in 1970 titled A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Selections from the Film Soundtrack. The first all-music version of the soundtrack was released on CD by Kritzerland Records as a limited issue of 1,000 copies in 2017, titled A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.
A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Selections from the Film Soundtrack
A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Selections from the Film Soundtrack is the first of two soundtracks issued for the film, released in early 1970. The soundtrack was a commercial success and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score, ultimately losing to The Beatles' Let It Be. A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Selections from the Film Soundtrack was out of print by 1973. , it has not been issued on CD.
Unlike traditional music soundtracks, A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Selections from the Film Soundtrack was presented as a condensed book-and-record radio play version of the film, running approximately 50 minutes in length. Most musical segments act as underscores behind dialogue.
Track listing
Despite individual tracks being listed on the album, track running times for each title were not published.
A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the second of two soundtracks issued for the film. It was released on CD by Kritzerland Records in 2017 with a limited run of 1,000 copies, which sold out within one week of release.
Vince Guaraldi historian and author Derrick Bang referred to the 2017 release as the "Guaraldi Holy Grail" for fans of the jazz pianist. For many years, the logistics involved in releasing a music-only soundtrack were daunting. Licensing issues were complex as both Columbia Masterworks Records and Cinema Center Films had ceased to exist decades earlier and asset ownership passed along to a number of subsequent corporate entities. The music itself also posed challenges, as it involved not only Guaraldi's estate (Guaraldi died in 1976), but those associated with John Scott Trotter and Rod McKuen, who had died in 1975 and 2015, respectively.
Track listing
Track 18, "Linus and Lucy (Found Blanket)", is the same flute-driven, monaural version used during the cold open scene in It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown (1966).
Personnel
Credits were adapted from 2017 liner notes.
Vince Guaraldi Nonet
Vince Guaraldi – piano
Conte Candoli – trumpet
Milton Bernhart – trombone
Herb Ellis – guitar
Monty Budwig – double bass
Peter Marshall – double bass
Jerry Granelli – drums
Jack Sperling – drums
Victor Feldman – percussion
Vince Guaraldi Sextet
Vince Guaraldi – piano, electric keyboards, arranger
Emmanuel Klein – trumpet
John Gray – guitar
Ronald Lang – woodwinds
Monty Budwig – double bass
Colin Bailey – drums
Additional
Phil Macy – engineer (1970 release)
Derrick Bang – liner notes (2017 release)
References
External links
"You're Finally a Film Score, Charlie Brown": A track-by-track analysis of A Boy Named Charlie Brown by Derrick Bang
1970 soundtrack albums
2017 soundtrack albums
Albums arranged by Vince Guaraldi
Vince Guaraldi soundtracks
Cool jazz soundtracks
Mainstream jazz soundtracks
Peanuts music
Dominique Williams (born December 11, 1992) is a former American football wide receiver. They played college football at Washington State.  They are 6th all-time in Pac–12 for receiving touchdowns.
Early life and education
Dom Williams was born on December 11, 1992.
They played college football at Washington State Cougars.
2011
As a first-year student in 2011, Williams did not play and redshirted.
2012
In 2012 they played in 11 games. They had two 100-yard games that year. They made 34 receptions for 546 yards and three touchdowns.
2013
In 2013 they appeared in all 13 games, making 40 catches for 647 yards and 7 touchdowns. Their seven touchdowns were seventh in the Pac-12. They had two 100-yard games.
2014
In 2014, they played in all 12 games, recording 43 catches for 656 yards and 9 touchdowns. They were 5th in Pac-12 for touchdown catches. They led the team with seven 25+ yard catches. For the third straight year, they had two 100-yard games.
2015
In 2015, they played 13 games, and produced 75 catches for 1040 yards and 11 touchdowns. They were third in touchdowns for Pac-12. They were 5th for receptions. They had three 100-yard games.  They are sixth all-time for Pac-12 touchdowns with 30.
College statistics
Professional career
Los Angeles Chargers
In 2016, Williams was signed by the Los Angeles Chargers. In preseason against the Arizona Cardinals, they led the team with 4 catches for 55 yards. They were released at roster cuts.
Philadelphia Eagles
On January 11, 2017, they signed with the Philadelphia Eagles. They were placed on injured reserve on May 15. They were injured all season. While they were on injured reserve, the Philadelphia Eagles beat the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LII. They were released in May 2018.
Detroit Lions
On August 3, 2018, Williams was signed by the Detroit Lions. They did not make the final roster.
Post-football career
On July 1, 2022, Williams graduated from the New York City Police Academy.
References
External links
Washington State Cougars bio
1992 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Washington State Cougars football players
Players of American football from California
Sportspeople from Pomona, California
The 2017 Magyar Kupa was the 18th edition of the tournament.
Schedule
The rounds of the 2017 competition are scheduled as follows:
Final four
The final four will be held on 9 and 10 December 2017 at the Császár-Komjádi Swimming Stadium in Budapest, II. ker.
Semi-finals
Final
Final standings
See also
2017–18 Országos Bajnokság I (National Championship of Hungary)
References
External links
Hungarian Water Polo Federaration
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Hungary
Magyar Kupa Women
Sammons Enterprises, Inc. is a diverse holding company composed of financial services, industrial equipment, real estate investment, and infrastructure businesses operating in six countries. Headquartered in Dallas, Texas (US), Sammons was established by Charles Sammons in 1938.
Industrial equipment services provider Briggs Equipment was founded in Dallas in 1896 as Briggs-Weaver Machinery Company by J.C. Weaver and C.H. Briggs. Charles Sammons purchased Briggs Equipment in 1952, and it continues as a separate division of Sammons International.
With more than $5 billion in annual revenues and $70 billion in assets, Sammons is one of the largest privately held companies in the US.
Interests
Sammons companies include wholly owned subsidiaries as well as partial investments. Sammons wholly owned subsidiaries include Briggs International, Sammons Financial Group, Sammons Equity Alliance, Sammons Power Development and Sweetwater River Ranches.
Briggs International
SEI's industrial equipment business, Briggs® International, is composed of Briggs Equipment operations in the US, Mexico and the United Kingdom. Each Briggs business represents various manufacturers providing rental, sales, parts and service for materials handling equipment customers.
Briggs Equipment US
With 28 locations in eight states, Briggs Equipment US sells, rents, provides service and parts, and fleet management for materials handling and other industrial equipment. Briggs US is one of the largest Yale and Hyster dealers in the country. The company's customers include automotive, beverage, manufacturing, oil and gas, ports, steel, glass, technology, and warehousing industries.
Briggs Equipment Mexico
One of the largest materials handling distributors in Mexico, Briggs Equipment Mexico sells and provides long-term rental and service contracts for materials-handling equipment customers across Mexico. It is a leading provider of forklifts for the automotive industry, but also works with bottling, construction, logistics, food and beverage, pharmaceutical and steel companies in Mexico.
Briggs Equipment UK
Briggs UK is an engineering and equipment provider. The exclusive national distributor for Yale and Hyster forklifts in the UK, Briggs also provides global equipment and maintenance support through its partnership with the Ministry of Defence. Briggs Equipment UK acquired North Wales forklift business Gwynedd Forklifts in March 2021 & Northern Ireland hire business Balloo Hire Centres in April 2019, & JB Plant & Tool Hire in 2021. They also acquired Forkway in December 2021
Sammons Equity Alliance
Sammons Equity Alliance encompasses Sammons investments in real estate, private equity investments, and energy sectors.
Sammons Financial Group
Sammons Financial Group (SFG), the financial services arm of SEI, is made up of four businesses offering retirement products, annuities and life insurance including bank, corporate and credit union-owned life insurance. In January 2021, SFG expanded it offering in the registered investment advisory (RIA) space through the acquisition of Beacon Capital Management
Compatriot Capital
Compatriot Capital is a real estate investment company. The business provides capital to support growth and expansion of private development companies. Currently, Compatriot maintains entity-level investments in five companies developing projects in the commercial office,
Sammons Power Development
Sammons Power Development has an interest in several energy projects. The company currently owns land in Arizona permitted for the development of a gas-fired generation plant and has an interest in Pathfinder
Sweetwater River Ranches
Sweetwater Ranches Conservancy, LLC is the holding company for several habitat and species conservation banks in central Wyoming. The Conservancy enhances and protects prairie and watershed habitats and threatened and endangered species. Located on more than 600,000 acres of private, state and federal land, the Conservancy offers habitat and species credits to private-companies doing business in Wyoming.
References
External links
Sammons Enterprises, Inc.
Companies based in Dallas
Conglomerate companies established in 1938
1938 establishments in Texas
Bruce Littlefield is an American author, business person, actor, model, and TV contributor.  They are the regarded as an American "lifestyle authority". They have been called a "Modern Day Erma Bombeck", a "Garage Sale Guru", the "Flea Market King" and is featured as a "design and lifestyle guru" on Howdini.com.
 They are the author of numerous books, including an Americana series with Harper Collins, Use What You've Got with Barbara Corcoran, My Two Moms with Zach Wahls, and The Sell with Fredrik Eklund. They appear on television, having made notable TV lifestyle segments on Today Show, Early Show, and The View. They have also ghostwritten and/or co-written several books.
Education and career
Littlefield was born in South Carolina and graduated in 1985 from Brookland-Cayce High School in Cayce, South Carolina. They went to the University of South Carolina where they wrote for The Daily Gamecock newspaper, and graduated in 1989 with a degree in broadcast journalism and membership in Phi Beta Kappa.)
After graduation, Littlefield moved to New York City and worked as a model and an actor until being awarded scholarships by the Freedom Forum and Mortar Board to do graduate studies. They obtained their MA in journalism from NYU's School of Journalism in 1995.
Littlefield has appeared on The Rachael Ray Show and has been featured in The New York Times, The Boston Globe, the New York Post, People Magazine, the National Enquirer, OK! Magazine, Saveur, This Old House, the New York Daily News, Miami Herald, The Boston Herald, Chicago Tribune, and the Los Angeles Times.
In 2002, with partner Scott Stewart, a senior vice president at the Corcoran Group, they opened the Rosendale Cement Company restaurant in Rosendale, New York, and then in 2005 opened a second restaurant, The Alamo: Mexican Food Worth Fighting For.
In 2010, Littlefield was a holiday spokesperson for TJ Maxx and Marshalls.
Bibliography
Airstream Living (2005)
Garage Sale America (2007)
Merry Christmas America (2007)
The Bedtime Book for Dogs (2011)
Moving In: Tales of an Unlicensed Marriage (2013)
Collaborations
(with Barbara Corcoran) Use What You've Got and Other Business Lessons I Learned from My Mom (2003)
(with Zach Wahls) My Two Moms: Lessons of Love, Strength, and What Makes a Family with Zach Wahls (2012)
(with Lis Wiehl) Lis Wiehl's Truth Advantage: The 7 Keys to a Happy and Fulfilling Life (2012)
(with Fredrik Eklund) The Sell: The Secrets of Selling Anything to Anyone
References
Living people
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
Male actors from New York City
Male models from New York (state)
American restaurateurs
Businesspeople from New York City
New York University alumni
People from Lexington County, South Carolina
People from Richland County, South Carolina
Spokespersons
University of South Carolina alumni
Writers from New York City
Writers from South Carolina
Year of birth missing (living people)
Honolulu Lu is a 1941 American musical film directed by Charles Barton and written by Eliot Gibbons. The film stars Lupe Vélez, Bruce Bennett, Leo Carrillo, Marjorie Gateson, Don Beddoe and Forrest Tucker. The film was released December 11, 1941, by Columbia Pictures.
Plot
In Hawaii, Consuelo Cordoba (Lupe Vélez) is a risque nightclub act and due to their involvement with a group of sailors becomes a beauty queen.
Cast
Lupe Vélez as Consuelo Cordoba
Bruce Bennett as Skelly
Leo Carrillo as Don Estaban Cordoba
Marjorie Gateson as Mrs. Van Derholt
Don Beddoe as Bennie Blanchard
Forrest Tucker as Barney
George McKay as Horseface
Nina Campana as Aloha
Roger Clark as Bill Van Derhoolt
Helen Dickson as Mrs. Smythe
Curtis Railing as Mrs. Frobisher
References
External links
1941 films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
World War II films made in wartime
American World War II films
1941 romantic comedy films
1940s romantic musical films
American musical comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American romantic musical films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Charles Barton
Films set in Hawaii
Medication-induced hyperlipoproteinemia is a condition that results from the decreasing of lipoprotein lipase activity resulting in eruptive xanthomas.
See also
Normolipoproteinemic xanthomatosis
Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis
Skin lesion
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
The World Evangelical Congregational Fellowship (WECF) is a global association of evangelical Christian Congregational Churches, from various national associations around the world, which is united by a common belief in the lordship of Jesus Christ and the authority of the Bible, as well as by its common desire for evangelism.
Origins
The idea for the WECF began at a series of annual meetings of the Conservative Congregational Christian Conference in 1983, when a number of international delegates at the American meetings expressed an interest in solidifying relationships with other evangelical congregationalists across the globe. A constitutional framework for the Fellowship was ultimately agreed upon, and the WECF held its inaugural assembly in October 1986, in Sussex, England.
Statistics
According to a denomination census released in 2020, it has 18 denominations members in 17 countries.
Organization
The WECF is overseen by a number of executive officers from different nations: including a President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary, and several members-at-large. It presently meets triennially, with a smaller-scale mid-term meeting, every year and a half.
Members
List of WECF Members
Evangelical Congregational Churches, Argentina
Fellowship of Congregational Churches, Australia
Alliance of Evangelical Congregational Churches, Brazil
Union of Evangelical Congregational Churches, Brazil
Union of Congregational Churches, Bulgaria
Congregational Christian Churches, Canada
Evangelical Churches Association (Congregational), Manipur, India
Evangelsko-Kongresanska Crkva Skopje, Republic of Macedonia
Chuuk Congregational Church of Christ, Federated States of Micronesia
Evangelical Churches Association, Myanmar
Evangelical Congregational Churches, Nepal
Congregational Union of New Zealand
Congregational Union of Northern Ireland
National Association of Congregational Churches, Philippines
Union of Congregational Churches, Portugal
Evangelical Fellowship of Congregational Churches, Republic of South Africa
Evangelical Fellowship of Congregational Churches, United Kingdom
Conservative Congregational Christian Conference, United States of America
Associate Member
UCC (Pohnpei) Congregational Churches on Guam and Saipan
References
External links
Evangelical organizations established in the 20th century
Christian organizations established in 1986
International Christian organizations
Dagmar Enkelmann (born Dagmar Ebert: 5 April 1956) is a German politician (Die Linke ("The Left")).
In 2005 they became Parliamentary Party Manager ("Chief Whip") for Die Linke in the Bundestag (national parliament), a position from which they resigned in 2013 after losing their seat. In December 2012 they took on the chair of the Rosa Luxemburg Foundation, a position to which they were elected in succession to Heinz Vietze.
Life
Early years and education
Dagmar Gertraud Elsa Ebert was born in Altlandsberg, a small historic town a short distance to the east of Berlin and at that time in the Bezirk Frankfurt of East Germany. They attended school in nearby Strausberg, passing their school leaving exams (Abitur) in 1974, which opened the way to a university level education. Between 1974 and 1979 they were a student of the History faculty at Karl Marx University (as it was known at that time) in Leipzig. They emerged with an extensive knowledge of Marxist sociology and a degree in 1979. After that they taught history between 1979 and 1985 at the "Wilhelm Pieck FDJ Youth Academy" at Bogensee, near Bernau and just outside Berlin.
From 1985 till 1989 they were a post-graduate student ("Aspirantin") at the ruling party central committee's Academy for Social Sciences. It was here that they submitted their doctoral dissertation, entitled "Analysis and critique of concepts of the bourgeois ideologues in West Germany: Identity Crises of East German youth" ("Analyse und Kritik des Konzepts bürgerlicher Ideologen der BRD: Identitätskrise der Jugend der DDR"). The modalities of what happened next were affected by the political changes that followed the breach of the Berlin Wall by protestors in 1989, but Dagmar Ebert nevertheless received what amounted to a doctorate, though probably not the form of doctorate they would have been anticipating when they embarked on their researches for the work four years earlier.
Party career
Dagmar Enkelmann joined the Socialist Unity Party ("Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands"/ SED) in 1977. The SED was the ruling party in what many people thought of as a one-party dictatorship. They engaged in trades union and women work. After reunification the party rebranded itself as the Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) and scrambled to reinvent itself for a democratic future. Enkelmann stayed with the party. They served between 2003 and 2006 as deputy leader of the PDS.
In regional elections in Brandenburg in 2004 they put themselves forward as an alternative to the regional minister president Matthias Platzeck of the centre-left Social Democratic Party. The party's share of the vote increased to 28%, ranking a strong second to the Social Democratics. It was the best result the PDS had achieved in Brandenburg since reunification and the restoration in 1990 of Brandenburg as a state with its own regional legislature. However, it was not enough to overturn the governing coalition.
As a result of the 2007 merger between the PDS and the (much smaller, but briefly influential) WASG movement, Dagmar Enkelmann became a member of the party now branded simply as Die Linke ("The Left").
National parliament and regional parliament
At a time when their youngest child was still a young baby, Enkelmann came to national politics through active participation in the Round table movement. Between March and October 1990 they were a member of East Germany's first - and as matters turned out last - freely elected national parliament ("Volkskammer"). They became co-leader (with Bernd Meier) of the PDS group in the chamber, and one of two PDS party members elected by party colleagues to the chambers' Präsidium. Reunification took place formally in October 1990, at which point the East German Volkskammer and the West German Bundestag were effectively merged. In order to respect demographic fairness, only 143 members of the 400 seat East German chamber retained seats in the combined assembly. Dagmar Enkelmann was one of these, however. They were re-elected to the Bundestag, representing the Brandenburg electoral district, later in 1990, and again in 1994, leaving the Bundestag in 1998, still aged only 42. They told an interviewer that "eight years in such an exposed position" had been enough, although they never expressly ruled out a return to national politics.
Between September 1999 and October 2005 they were a member of the Brandenburg regional parliament ("Landtag"), serving till 2004 as a member of the regional party executive, spokesperson on environment and energy policy and a member of the committee for agriculture, environmental protection and planning. During 2004/2005 Dagmar Enkelmann was the leader of the PDS group in the Brandenburger Landtag.
At the 2005 general election Dagmar Enkelmann returned to the National Parliament ("Bundestag"). They served as Parliamentary Party Manager ("Chief Whip") for Die Linke between 2005 and 2013. In order to avoid the distortions arising in wholly constituency based systems, the German electoral system allocates some seats on a list basis, shared between the parties according to their overall vote shares. In 2005 Enkelmann was elected because their name was sufficiently high up on the regional PDS party list. In the Bundestag they became a member of the chamber's Council of Elders, also serving on the committee for election verification, parliamentary immunity and procedure. In the 2009 general election they stood successfully as a "direct candidate" for the Barnim II electoral district. However, in the 2013 general election, when they stood for re-election in the same constituency, they lost out to the CDU candidate, Hans-Georg von der Marwitz. Unlike von der Marwitz, Enkelmann had rejected the idea of simultaneously having their name placed on their party list as insurance against not securing direct election in the Barnim constituency, and accordingly in 2013 they left the Bundestag for a second time.
On 26 February 2010 Dagmar Enkelmann was one of a large number of PDS Bundestag members to be expelled from the chamber during a debate on prolonging German military involvement in Afghanistan. This arose from members standing up in the chamber and holding up to the cameras placards which showed names of victims of the Kunduz air attack. The proposal of Bundestag president Norbert Lammert that the excluded members should be permitted to participate in the vote at the end of the debate was nevertheless followed.
It became known in January 2012 that Dagmar Englemann was one of 27 Bundestag members from Die Linke (party) placed under surveillance by the security authorities. The surveillance drew criticism and condemnation from across the political spectrum.
Other appointments
Since 1998 Dagmar Enkelmann has been a local council member for the municipality of Bernau bei Berlin, and in this capacity a member of the local development agency.
They have also, since November 2008, been an alternate for Jan Korte in the third board of parliamentary trustees of the "Bundesstiftung Aufarbeitung", a federal agency mandated with helping Germany come to terms with the East German dictatorship.
Personal
Dagmar Enkelmann married their longstanding life-partner, the meteorologist, Bernd Jaiser in 2005. It was their third marriage. They have three recorded children, born in 1976, 1981 and 1989. Since 2013 they have had four grandchildren.
References
1956 births
Living people
People from Märkisch-Oderland
People from Bezirk Frankfurt
Socialist Unity Party of Germany politicians
Party of Democratic Socialism (Germany) politicians
Members of the 10th Volkskammer
Members of the Bundestag for Brandenburg
Members of the Landtag of Brandenburg
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 1994–1998
Members of the Bundestag 1990–1994
Members of the Bundestag for The Left
John C. Dorhauer is an American Protestant clergy member, author, and theologian. They currently serve as the General Minister and President of the United Church of Christ (UCC), a Mainline Protestant denomination.
Career
Dorhauer received a B.A. in Philosophy from Cardinal Glennon College (1983), and an M.Div. from Eden Theological Seminary (1988), the same year that they were ordained in the UCC. They later earned a D.Min degree from United Theological Seminary, (2004) where they studied the effects of white privilege on the Church.
Dorhauer most recently served at the Conference Minister of the Southwest Conference, United Church of Christ. They previously served in the Missouri Mid-South Conference UCC and as the pastor of First Congregational United Church of Christ and Zion United Church of Christ, both of Missouri.
Dorhauer was the first person to conduct a legal same-sex wedding in the state of Arizona when they performed the wedding service of David Laurence and Kevin Patterson on October 17, 2014.
General Minister and President
On March 19, 2015, Dorhauer was approved as nominee to serve as UCC General Minister and President. During the 30th General Synod, held in Cleveland, Ohio in June 2015, the nomination came before the delegates on June 29, 2015. Numerous delegates at the Synod voiced their concern at how the nomination failed to support minority diversity among leadership in the UCC, while many others publicly praised the nomination.
When the vote was called, 85% of the voting delegates approved the candidate's election. Dorhauer replaced the Rev. Dr. Geoffrey Black. John is the tenth person to lead the UCC since the denomination was formed in 1957.
They said that there will be two main themes to their tenure. One is to call on the denomination to rethink itself and to consider new ways of “being church” in light of reduced societal interest in institutional religion, and the steep decline in the membership of the UCC since the 1960s. They say alternatives to institutional churches, what some call the "emergent church," will not immediately supplant, but will grow alongside the institutional church for a long time. They will also call on the UCC to address white privilege.
Publications
References
External links
Rev. John Dorhauer Approved As Nominee For UCC General Minister And President
Bio for UCC General Minister and President Nominee Rev. John Dorhauer
Racial Justice Will Be Top Priority for New Prez of the United Church of Christ
Living people
Eden Theological Seminary alumni
American Christian theologians
United Church of Christ ministers
United Theological Seminary alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a train station in Miyoshi, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1933
Sven Jonasson (9 July 1909 – 17 September 1984) was a Swedish football striker and manager.
Career
They played for Sweden at the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were born in Borås and died in Varberg.
They played for IF Elfsborg and the Sweden national football team, for whom they appeared in the 1934 and 1938 World Cups. They scored two goals in 1934 and one in 1938. Jonasson holds the record for most goals (252 goals) and most consecutive games (344 games, 1927–1941) in Allsvenskan (top level of Swedish football).
In 1936 they are mentioned in a Danish source for playing as a "false 9" when playing against a team using a WM-formation. In the same article the Danish journalist compares Sven Jonasson to the English centreforward Ted Drake.
Honours
Player
Elfsborg
Allsvenskan: 1935–36, 1938–39, 1939–40
References
External links
1909 births
1984 deaths
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
1934 FIFA World Cup players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Olympic footballers of Sweden
Footballers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
IF Elfsborg players
Allsvenskan players
Swedish football managers
IF Elfsborg managers
Association football forwards
People from Borås
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
"Lose to Win" is a song by American recording artist Fantasia. It was released as the lead single from their fourth studio album, Side Effects of You on January 8, 2013. "Lose to Win" is Fantasia's first release through RCA Records following the closure of J Records, after a reorganization at Sony Music Entertainment.
Background and release
"Lose to Win" is the lead single from Fantasia's fourth studio album, Side Effects of You, which was released in April 2013. It is a mid-tempo R&B song that samples the Commodores' 1985 single, "Nightshift". Critics noted that its lyrical content is about the controversy surrounding Fantasia's relationship with Antwaun Cook. The song premiered on Fantasia's YouTube channel on December 19, 2012 and was their first release under the RCA Records brand following RCA Music Group's disbanding of their previous label J Records in 2011.
Music video
The music video that accompanies the new hit song "Lose to Win" was released on March 4, 2013 on vevo.com. Filming for the video took place in Los Angeles and was directed by Steven Gomillion and Dennis Leupold. In the 1920s inspired video, Fantasia sits in their bedroom as a projector shows images of their once happy relationship on the wall in front of them and they reflect on how the relationship has gone bad. Them man is shown flirting with other women and verbally abusing her, while the screen shows flash backs of happier times in the couple's relationship. Then their man sits and reflects in how they have treated their love and now that they want them back, they found the strength to leave him.
Live performances
Fantasia performed the single on the twelfth season of American Idol on April 18, 2013. The performance was described as "dynamic, passionate and powerful" by the show's judges, and received an ovation from the audience. On April 24, 2013 they performed the single on "Good Morning America" on a promotional tour for the album Side Effects of You.
Charts
Release history
References
2012 songs
2013 singles
Fantasia Barrino songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Emeli Sandé
Songs written by Andrea Martin (musician)
Songs written by Harmony Samuels
Songs written by Franne Golde
Song recordings produced by Harmony Samuels
Songs written by Dennis Lambert
Songs written by Courtney Harrell
formerly Famicom Tsūshin, is a line of Japanese video game magazines published by Kadokawa Game Linkage (previously known as Gzbrain), a subsidiary of Kadokawa. Famitsu is published in both weekly and monthly formats as well as in the form of special topical issues devoted to only one console, video game company, or other theme. the original Famitsu publication, is considered the most widely read and respected video game news magazine in Japan. From October 28, 2011, the company began releasing the digital version of the magazine exclusively on BookWalker weekly.
The name Famitsu is a portmanteau abbreviation of the word "Famicom" itself comes from a portmanteau abbreviation of "Family Computer" (the Japanese name for the Nintendo Entertainment System)—the dominant video game console in Japan during the 1980s.
History
, a computer game magazine, started in 1982 as an extra issue of ASCII, and later it became a periodic magazine. was a column in Login, focused on the Famicom platform, and ran from March 1985 to December 1986 issue. It received a good reception, so the publisher decided to found the magazine specialized for it.
The first issue of Famitsu was published on June 6, 1986, as Famicom Tsūshin. It sold less than 200,000 copies, despite 700,000 copies printed. The major competitor was Family Computer Magazine launched in July 1985 by Tokuma Shoten. Famitsus editor found many readers had multiple game consoles, and they thought it would be better if the magazine covered various platforms. Increasing contents and the page count gradually, the magazine was published three times per month instead of semimonthly publication. On July 19, 1991 (issue #136) the magazine was renamed to and issues were published weekly thereafter. Alongside the weekly magazine, a monthly version called was also published.
Hirokazu Hamamura, an editor-in-chief (1992-2002), felt the beginning of a new era when they saw a private demonstration of Final Fantasy VII in 1993. They thought the name Famicom Tsūshin should be refurbished. At the start of 1996 (with issue #369) the magazines underwent another name change, truncating their titles to and The name Famitsu had already been in common use.
The magazine was published by ASCII from its founding through March 2000 when it was sold to Enterbrain, which published it for 13 years until their parent company Kadokawa published it from 2013 to 2017. Since 2017, Kadokawa's subsidiary Gzbrain has been publishing the magazine, while in 2019 the company changed its name to Kadokawa Game Linkage.
Shūkan Famitsū and Gekkan Famitsū
Famicom Tsūshin initially focused on the Famicom platform, but later it featured multi-platform coverage. Famicom Tsūshin was renamed to Famitsu in 1995. Shūkan Famitsū is a weekly publication concentrating on video game news and reviews, and is published every Thursday with a circulation of 500,000 per issue. Gekkan Famitsū is published monthly.
Necky the Fox
Famitsu magazine covers alternately feature pop idols or actores on even-numbered issues and the Famitsu mascot, the Fox in odd-numbered issues. Year-end and special editions all feature Necky dressed as popular contemporary video game characters. Necky is the cartoon creation of artist Susumu Matsushita, and they take the form of a costumed fox. The costumes worn by Necky reflect current popular video games. Necky's name was chosen according to a reader poll, and it derives from a complex Japanese pun: "Necky" is actually the reverse of the Japanese word for fox, and their original connection to Famicom Tsūshin is intended to evoke the bark of the fox, the Japanese onomatopoeia of which is . Necky makes a cameo appearance in Super Mario Maker.
Special-topic Famitsu publications
Famitsu publishes other magazines dedicated to particular consoles. Currently in circulation are:
(previously ) is written for an older audience and covers retrogaming. It has been published monthly since November 2010.
reports on online gaming.
reports on Nintendo platforms (currently the Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo Switch). The magazine was formerly known as Famitsū 64 and then Famitsū Cube (among other variations of those two names) based on whatever platforms Nintendo was producing games for at the time.
reports on mobile gaming via GREE.
reports on mobile gaming via Mobage.
Former special topics
Famitsu spin-offs that are no longer in circulation include:
(previously Famicom Tsūshin Kōryaku Special) was written for younger audiences and concentrated on video game hints and strategy. It was published monthly and was discontinued in September 2002.
(previously Famitsū Comic) was a comic and manga magazine published irregularly between 1992 and 1995.
reported on Sega platforms news and covered the Dreamcast. Previous incarnations of this magazine included Sega Saturn Tsūshin which covered the Sega Saturn, with earlier issues covering earlier Sega platforms.
covered bishōjo games.
covered the Satellaview. It was published monthly and ran for only 12 issues from May 1995 to May 1996. Its inaugural issue was the May 1995 issue of Gekkan Famicom Tsūshin.
covered the Virtual Boy. Only one issue was ever published in 1995.
(previously PlayStation Tsūshin) began publication in May 1996, and reported on Sony platforms news. It was later known as Famitsū PS2 and Famitsū PSP+PS3 before being discontinued in March 2010.
(previously GameWave DVD) covered events, film, and previews. Each magazine included a DVD disc (NTSC Region 2) that contained video game footage such as trailers and gameplay tips, as well interviews with developers and publishers. It was published monthly, first starting in September 2000 until its final issue of May 2011.
reported on Xbox and Xbox 360 news. It was published monthly, first starting in January 2002 before being discontinued in 2013.
Scoring
Video games are graded in Famitsu via a "Cross Review" in which a panel of four video game reviewers each give a score from 0 to 10 (with ten indicating the best game). The scores of the four reviewers are then added up for a maximum possible score of 40. From the twenty-four games awarded with a perfect score , three are for the Nintendo DS and five are for the Wii. The PlayStation 3 also has five games with a perfect score and the Xbox 360 has four, with both consoles having four titles in common. The others are for different platforms with only one title each. Franchises with multiple perfect score winners include The Legend of Zelda with four titles, Metal Gear with three titles, and Final Fantasy with two titles. The most recent game to receive a perfect score is Ghost of Tsushima.
, all but three games with perfect scores are from Japanese companies, nine being published/developed by Nintendo, four by Square Enix, three by Sega, three by Konami and one by Capcom. , the only three completely foreign games to achieve a perfect score are The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim by Bethesda Softworks, Grand Theft Auto V by Rockstar Games, and Ghost of Tsushima, from Sucker Punch Productions. Other foreign games that have achieved near-perfect scores are L.A. Noire, Red Dead Redemption, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Grand Theft Auto IV – all four of which came from Rockstar Games; Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, Call of Duty: Black Ops, and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 – all from Activision, although published by Square Enix in Japan; Gears of War 3 from Epic Games; and The Last of Us Part II and Uncharted 4: A Thief's End from Naughty Dog. (Kingdom Hearts II is a joint effort between Square Enix and Disney Interactive Studios.)
Awards
Famitsu administers the Famitsu awards. Video games receive a number of different awards in categories like Innovation, The Biggest Hit, Rookie Award, The Highest Quality, etc. One or two "Game of the Year" awards are granted as the top prize. Top prize winners are determined by a combination of critical and fan review scores as well as sales figures.
Relationship with other magazines
UK trade magazine MCV and Famitsu have an exclusive partnership which sees news and content from each magazine appear in the other.
See also
Enterbrain
Famitsu Bunko
Famitsu scores
Notes
References
External links
Famitsu scores archive (via The Internet Archive)
1986 establishments in Japan
Fictional foxes
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Magazines established in 1986
Magazines published in Tokyo
Monthly magazines published in Japan
Video game magazines published in Japan
Weekly magazines published in Japan
Shilin Guangji () is an encyclopedia written by Chen Yuanjing (陈元靓) during the Yuan dynasty and Mongol Empire. The book contains text written in Chinese characters, Mongolian script, and the ʼPhags-pa script. Chen Yuanjing was a native of Chong'an (崇安) in Fujian and was born during the later years of the Southern Song before it was annexed by the Yuan dynasty. The encyclopedia contains a wealth of info on the daily life during the Mongol Empire and Yuan dynasty, including illustrations, maps and cartography. Among historical texts, it was easy to understand and popular even after the Yuan. Chen's book was used by scholars during the Ming and Qing to compile their own encyclopedias.
Based on dates within the text, it has been deduced that Chen wrote the book in the early Yuan during the reign of Yuan Shizu Kublai Khan (r. 1260–1264, Zhongtong 中统). The original manuscript has been lost, but printed copies made in the Yuan dynasty, Ming dynasty, and Japan still exist with expansions and modifications. Chen's Shilin Guangji served as an example and foundation for later Chinese encyclopedias such as the Sancai Tuhui (Ming dynasty) and Gujin Tushu Jicheng (Qing dynasty).
Translation
The Shilin Guangji is sometimes translated as Vast Record from the Forest of Affairs, Comprehensive Record of Affairs,Vast Record of Varied Matters, A Widely Comprehensive Record of a Forest of Affairs, or simply Forest of Affairs.
Contents
The book contains 42 volumes (卷) and has been described as an everyday encyclopedia or leishu (日用类书). The volumes are divided into 10 parts and arranged according to the Ten Heavenly Stems.
The book describes life during the Southern Song as well as life during the Yuan dynasty. In the encyclopedia of the Yuan dynasty, a map of the Yuan was drawn: "The Great Yuan all in One Map" (大元混一图), including the capital cities of Shangdu and Dadu (Khanbaliq or Beijing). It then introduces:
the counties and cities of the Yuan,
the Mongolian script,
fonts,
ʼPhags-pa script (an official script of the Mongol Empire),
the Hundred Family Surnames, including a version written in the Phagspa script (百家姓蒙古文),
the Yuan dynasty currency and economic system,
and the ancestral tree of the Yuan emperors.
It then introduces the daily life and street life of Mongol Empire citizens and pioneered the precedent of using illustrations in live encyclopedias. Illustrations include horse riding, archery, greeting customs (拜会), chariots and vehicles, flags, schools, sages, Confucius, Laozi, martial arts, banquets and cuisine, architecture, chess, soccer, magic, singing, music, guqin and zither, etc. Chen Yuanjing's Shilin Guangji became a first-hand visual source for studying Yuan dynasty history and social life during the Mongol Empire.
The encyclopedia has a section on cuisine, where it discusses fermenting agents (曲), spirits and wines (名酒、佳酿), ways to preserve meat and fish (脯、鲊), tea (茶水), and snacks made from wheat and flour (面点).
Within the book the Hundred Family Surnames (百家姓) poem is written in Phagspa script and recorded in a large space, with annotations in the Mongolian script. Kublai Khan's vision was to create a universal system that could write the languages of the various people unified by the Mongol Empire. Phagspa was created to transcribe languages such as Chinese, Mongolian, Tibetan, Sanskrit, Persian, Arabic, Turkic, etc. Later after the end of the Yuan dynasty, the Phagspa script fell out of general use but influenced the development of the Korean Hangul script. Chen's book is one of the extant sources of usage of the Phagspa script during the Mongol Empire, providing a source of study for historical linguistics.
Gallery
The following are illustrations from the Shilin Guangji.
Editions
The first edition of Shilin Guangji initially compiled information to prepare students for civil service examinations. Later throughout the Yuan and subsequent dynasties, various additions were made to the text in reprinted editions. Based on studies of taboo characters preserved in certain Japanese editions of the Shilin Guangji, the first edition was published in the late Song before its fall. It was then expanded and republished many times during the Yuan and in subsequent dynasties and in Japan, giving the Shilin Guangji an extensive history of publication.
Zhonghua edition
In 1963, the Zhonghua Book Company photocopied a printed edition of the Shilin Guangji during the reign of Yuan Wenzong Jayaatu Khan Tugh Temür (r. 1330–1333, Zhishun 至顺) from the Jian'an Chunzhuang Academy (建安椿庄书院). This version was often quoted in academic circles. The Zhonghua photocopy edition was distributed widely by The Commercial Press and photographed by the Palace Museum before the Second Sino-Japanese War. Moreover, the scholar Hu Daojing (胡道静) added a preface detailing Chen Yuanjing's life and the contents of the edition of the Shilin Guangji.
Other versions
Since the Yuan dynasty, the book has been reprinted many times:
Peking University library collection: Yuan dynasty Toghon Temür reign (1340, Zhiyuan Gengchen 至元庚辰), Zheng family Jichengtang edition (郑氏积诚堂刊本)
National Palace Museum: Yuan Wenzong Jayaatu Khan Tugh Temür (r. 1330–1333, Zhishun 至顺) from the Jian'an Chunzhuang Academy (建安椿庄书院)
1990 edition from Shanghai Chinese classics publishing house (上海古籍出版社): photocopied text from Hekeben leishu jicheng (和刻本类书集成), including a Japanese translation of Yesün Temür's (元泰定) addendum made during the 12th year of the Genroku era (1699 元禄)
In October 1998, it was reprinted and published by the Zhonghua Book Company
References
Further reading
Shilin Guangji on Wikisource
External links
ctext
Worldcat
Chinese encyclopedias
Chinese culture
Yuan dynasty literature
Sinology
Chinese literature
13th-century encyclopedias
Mongolian literature
Leishu
Chinese cuisine
Chinese cookbooks
Ethan Byron Moreau (born September 22, 1975) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Moreau was selected in the first round of the 1994 NHL Entry Draft, 14th overall, by the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They also played with the Edmonton Oilers, Columbus Blue Jackets and the Los Angeles Kings of the NHL. They recently served as an assistant coach for Niagara University. Currently, Moreau is the Director of Hockey at Athol Murray College of Notre Dame in Wilcox, Saskatchewan.
Playing career
Minor
Moreau played their minor hockey with the Huntsville Blues of the OMHA, before playing Jr.B. hockey for the Orillia Terriers in the 1990—91 season.
Junior
Pre-OHL, Moreau played OHA-B junior hockey in Orillia, Ontario, for the Orillia Terriers, where they won the coveted Steve Philips Memorial Award for Most Improved Player (1990—91 season). When Moreau was selected by the Blackhawks, they had just completed their third year in the OHL, playing for Niagara Falls. In addition to good physical presence and skating, Moreau had shown a remarkable scoring touch in their draft year. The Blackhawks allowed Moreau to play another year in junior (for Sudbury), before bringing them to their IHL team in Indianapolis. Moreau also saw spot duty in the NHL, playing 8 games.
NHL
The following season (1996–97) was Moreau's first full year in the NHL, and they went on to play parts of four seasons with Chicago.
On March 20, 1999, Moreau was dealt in a blockbuster trade to the Edmonton Oilers along with Chad Kilger, Daniel Cleary and Christian Laflamme in exchange for Boris Mironov, Dean McAmmond and Jonas Elofsson.
In 2003-04, they scored a career-high 20 goals and was one of the team's best players in a failed late run for the playoffs. The following NHL season was cancelled due to the lockout, so Moreau played with EC VSV Villach of the Austrian Hockey League.
Moreau was part of the Edmonton Oilers team that made a run to the Stanley Cup Finals in 2006, in which the Oilers lost in game 7 of the finals to the Carolina Hurricanes. Moreau had 2 goals and 1 assist in the playoffs.
On October 6, 2006, Moreau was signed by the Oilers to a 4-year contract extension, staving off the unrestricted free agency and keeping the winger with the team through the 2010–2011 season.
On October 2, 2007, Moreau was named captain of the Oilers, replacing the recently departed Jason Smith. However, they fractured their tibia a day later, (blocking a shot by Adrian Aucoin) during an exhibition game, which would result in missing 38 games. They returned during the mid-season, only to be injured again with a broken left leg, on February 25. Moreau had struggled with injuries during the 2006–07 and 2007–08 seasons and managed to play only 32 games, between these two seasons.
Moreau was also the last remaining asset that the Oilers retained, as a result of the Wayne Gretzky trade — taking all subsequent trades into account.
They were also one of the longest-serving Oiler players in recent history, having been a member of the team from March 20, 1999, until June 30, 2010.
On January 18, 2009, Moreau scored their first career hat-trick in a 6-3 victory over the Phoenix Coyotes.
During a game against the Minnesota Wild, in Edmonton, on February 28, 2009, Moreau suffered an eye injury. Antti Miettinen of the Wild caught Moreau with a high stick, sending them sprawling to the ice. Doctors at the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Edmonton concluded that they suffered a scratched cornea and bleeding behind the eye.
On June 18, 2009, Ethan Moreau was awarded the King Clancy Memorial Trophy for best exemplifying leadership qualities on and off the ice and by also making significant humanitarian contributions to the Oilers Community Foundation.
On June 30, 2010, Moreau was claimed off waivers by the Columbus Blue Jackets. The Oilers were intending to buy out the final year of their contract had they gone unclaimed.
On August 20, 2011, they signed a one-year contract with the Los Angeles Kings for $600,000.
Retirement
On June 20, 2012, following the Kings' Stanley Cup Championship, Moreau joined the Montreal Canadiens' scouting staff as professional scout for the Western Conference.
Career statistics
Coaching
In 2016, they joined as the Niagara Purple Eagles men's ice hockey team as assistant coach of Dave Burkholder.
References
External links
1975 births
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Chicago Blackhawks draft picks
Chicago Blackhawks players
Columbus Blue Jackets players
EC VSV players
Edmonton Oilers players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
King Clancy Memorial Trophy winners
Living people
Los Angeles Kings players
Montreal Canadiens scouts
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Niagara Falls Thunder players
People from Huntsville, Ontario
Sudbury Wolves players
Niagara Purple Eagles men's ice hockey
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Austria
Martina Hyde (25 December 1866 – 17 May 1937) was a British archer. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Hyde competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. They took 20th place in the event with 419 points.
References
External links
Martina Hyde's profile at Sports Reference.com
1866 births
1937 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
Charles Rufus Fairbanks (March 25, 1790 – April 15, 1841) was a lawyer, judge, entrepreneur and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. They represented Halifax township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1826 to 1836.
They were born in Halifax, the son of Rufus Fairbanks and Ann Prescott. Fairbanks was educated at King's College in Windsor and the Séminaire de Québec. They went on to study law with Simon Bradstreet Robie and was called to the bar in 1811. In 1815, they married Sarah Elizabeth, the daughter of William Lawson Sr. Fairbanks was secretary-treasurer for the Shubenacadie Canal Company. They served in the province's Executive Council as solicitor general. In 1834, they were named Master of the Rolls and judge in the vice admiralty court. They also served on the board of governors for King's College. Fairbanks died in Halifax after suffering a stroke at the age of 51.
Their younger brother Samuel Prescott Fairbanks was also a lawyer and served in the provincial assembly.
References
1790 births
1841 deaths
Nova Scotia pre-Confederation MLAs
Colony of Nova Scotia judges
Asha Kelunni better known by their stage name Revathi, is an Indian actor and director, known for their works predominantly in Tamil cinema- in addition to Malayalam, Telugu, Hindi & Kannada films. They have won several accolades, including the National Film Awards in three different categories, and six Filmfare Awards South. They were one of the most successful leading actores of South Indian cinema.
Filmography
As an actor
Tamil
Malayalam
Telugu
Hindi
Kannada
As director
As voice actor
As playback singer
Television
See also
List of Indian film actores
References
External links
Official website
Indian filmographies
Actress filmographies
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Kingfisher County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Kingfisher County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 10 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
For more information on the Seay Mansion, go to http://www.ctokmuseum.org/
Kingfisher County
Buildings and structures in Kingfisher County, Oklahoma
These DB Class V 100 diesel locomotives were produced in the late 1950s by the Deutsche Bundesbahn for non-electrified branch lines as a replacement for steam locomotives. The V 100 class was built in three different variants.
Decommissioned locomotives were also used in Austria by the Austrian Federal Railways during the 1990s and early 2000s, where they were registered as ÖBB Class 2048
Class V 100.10 / Class 211
The Class V 100.10 was a diesel locomotive for light passenger and goods traffic on branch lines. It was developed in 1956 by the Bundesbahn Central Office in Munich together with the engineering works, Maschinenbau Kiel (MaK), for the Deutsche Bundesbahn.
In the late autumn of 1958 the first six trials engines were delivered. Numbers V 100 001 to 005 were fitted with an 809 kW (1,100 HP) motor, but number V 100 006 was given a 993 kW (1,350 HP) motor. The latter formed the basis for the V 100.20, later DB Class 212. Number V 100 007 was built by MaK as the seventh trial engine and tested in Sweden; it was sold in 1959 to the Deutsche Bundesbahn. In 1960, the prototype series, numbers 001 to 005 and 007 were renumbered to V 100 1001 to 1005 and 1007 in order to better distinguish them from the more powerful V 100 006. In 1961 the production series was started, the run lasting until 1963. As well as MaK, the firms of Deutz, Maschinenfabrik Esslingen, Henschel, Jung, Krauss-Maffei and Krupp were involved in building the locomotives.
As part of the renumbering of locomotives by the Deutsche Bundesbahn in 1968, the V 100.10 was redesignated as DB Class 211. The Deutsche Bahn AG inherited the locomotives in 1994.
After almost 40 years service the last engine was withdrawn in 2001.
Class V 100.20 / Classes 212 and 213
The DB Class V 100.20 (later Class 212) is a more powerful variant of the V 100. It was based on the prototype V 100 006, which from 1960 was renumbered to V 100 2001. It went into series production in 1962 and, unlike the V 100.10 which was employed on branch line service, it was also intended for main line duties and ramps. Up to 1966 a total of 381 examples entered service. The Class 212 is 12.1 metres long (from no. 022: 12.3 m) and weighs 63 tonnes. Its top speed is 100 km/h and its engine generates 993 kW (1,350 PS).
Ten locomotives from the last batch of 150 engines were additionally equipped with stronger brakes and modified drives and were employed on ramps. These locomotives, originally numbered V 100 2332 to 2341 were reclassified in 1968 as DB Class 213. They replaced the steam locomotives of Class 82 and 94 on the Murg Valley Railway and in the Westerwald. In the Murg Valley they were replaced in their turn in 1972 by the DB Class 218.
The last Class 212 was withdrawn from normal service in 2004, some have been preserved or found use with private firms.
Locomotives of the tunnel rescue train – Class 214/714
Due to the many tunnels on the new railway line from Würzburg to Hanover, special rescue vehicles were needed. The Bundesbahn developed the Tunnel Emergency Train (Tunnelhilfszug or TuHi) as an external rescue system. In May 1988 the first TuHi went into service at Fulda. Diesel engine 212 244-8 was used as Locomotive 1 and 212 257-0 as Locomotive 2. The Würzburg TuHi followed in August 1988 using 212 236-4 as Locomotive 1 and 212 352-9 as Locomotive 2. Number 212 271-1 was held in reserve. All five 212s for TuHi were rebuilt between May and August 1988 at AW Kassel. Both TuHi are one-way trains, i.e. they can only be used in one direction. They consist of transport wagon 1, the equipment wagon, the fire fighting wagon, the centre wagon, the first aid coach and transport wagon 2. Locos 1 and 2 are also different. Loco 1 has a video and infra-red camera, two large and two small headlights and yellow flashing lights. Loco 2 does not have an infra-red camera. With effect from 1 January 1989 the five engines of Class 214 were reclassified, retaining their serial numbers. Official all 5 locos are allocated to Bw Würzburg. Both engines with the Fulda TuHi had "Bw Fulda" incorrectly painted on them.
On 29 May 1991 the Federal President, Richard von Weizsäcker, gave the starting signal at Kassel-Wilhelmshöhe to announce that the new Hannover–Würzburg and Mannheim–Stuttgart high-speed railways were now fully in service. That meant four more locations for TuHi were required. In addition to Fulda and Würzburg, TuHi also had to be stationed at Kornwestheim, Mannheim, Kassel and Hildesheim. The TuHi in Fulda had to be organised as a bidirectional train, so that it could be used in the Würzburg and Kassel directions. To make this possible, another first aid coach has been inserted behind transport wagon 1. By stationing a TuHi at Hildesheim Hbf and Kassel Hbf both directions of the high-speed link can be traversed via link lines. For that reason a unidirectional train is sufficient here. Between August 1990 and April 1991 eight more 212 or 214s were modified at AW Bremen und AW Kassel for the four other TuHi. Locomotives 212 033, 212 046, 212 235, 212 245, 212 246, 212 251, 212 260 and 212 277 were converted to Class 214, all retaining their original serial numbers. There is no difference any longer between locos 1 and 2, in order to be able to exchange them more easily, which is always necessary when carrying out routine maintenance. The former locomotive 2's from Würzburg and Fulda were fitted with the missing infra-red cameras in 1991 at AW Kassel. The cooling of the infra-red cameras is achieved now using the usual liquid air cylinders, which were swapped for the previously used liquid nitrogen flasks.
After the serious train accident on 15 November 1992 at Northeim, when no TuHi was used, a new concept for rescue operations was introduced. Once the TuHi also became available for deployment away from the high-speed railway they became known as "emergency trains" (Rettungszüge or Rtz). All 13 engines of Class 214 were redesignated by the DB AG on 31 October 1994 to railway works vehicles of Class 714. Again the running numbers were retained. On 1 August 1996, however, they were given sequential numbers within Class 714, from 001 to 013. The locomotive with the lowest original number became 001 and the one with the highest became 013.
Because only one reserve locomotive is available, DB AG converted another two engines in 1996/97 at Stendal: numbers 212 269 became 714 014 and 212 160 became 714 015. In addition to the renumbering, the TuHi/Rtz locos changed their livery. The first five TuHi locos still had the classic ocean blue and beige livery, the later eight engines were painted orient red. To achieve greater recognisability against the emergency wagon, the locos were painted in luminous red. Numbers 714 003, 714 008, 714 009, 714 011, 714 014 and 714 015 have this livery, as do the wagons in the Rtz at Würzburg, Fulda and Hildesheim. Due to the rapid fading of the luminous red paint, all engines and wagons were subsequently repainted in traffic red. The inscription on the locomotives remains confusing. There are the white letters Rtz, the DB insignia with white writing Netz Notfalltechnik, and the DB sign with white lettering Notfalltechnik. All 15 engines of Class 714 belong to DB Netz, central route management/railway vehicles at Fulda. From there the disposition of the engines is controlled and they are regularly changed over under a rolling programme.
Use after 2004
With the withdrawal of the last Class 212 locomotives used by Railion on 13 December 2004 the employment of the V100 by the DB was largely over. Still in service, apart from the 15 tunnel rescue locos of Class 714, are just four engines of Classes 212 and 213 with the DB subsidiary, Deutsche Bahn Gleisbau (DBG), and one Class 213 engine with another subsidiary SüdostBayernBahn (mothballed in November 2006).
However, in October 2006 12 retired 212s were transferred to Aw. Cottbus for a general inspection with the aim of reactivating them for DB Services. By the end of 2008 10 locomotives had been equipped with the MTU 8V 4000 R41 engine (1000 kW), which is similar to that on the Class 290/294.
Many locos from the Deutsche Bahns fleet were sold as part of a joint venture with Alstom to the Alstom Lokomotiven Service in Stendal. There the engines were systematically rebuilt and sold to interested parties, such as private railways, in Germany and abroad.
Some locomotives have found use with private operators, in particular rail infrastructure firms.
Rebuilt locomotives
Class 214/262
In November 2006 Alstom and the Gmeinder Lokomotivfabrik Mosbach developed a modernisation concept for the locomotives of the former DB Class V 100. The prototype 214 110 was presented at the "Transport & Logistik München" in June 2007, numbered as 212 197 with the Nordbayerischen Eisenbahn (NBE). The classification was confirmed by the railway federal office in 20.05.2008, at the same time the Class 214 was specified in the EBA locomotive register. For the conversion only the locomotive frame and bogies of the V 100 were used. The low superstructure was completely new and more box like. The engines are driven by a new Caterpillar motor, 3508 BSC (970 kW). The DB classified the locos it hires out as Class 262. Eleven locomotives were delivered by August 2008 to, amongst others, DB Schenker, the Nordbayerische Eisenbahn, Locon and BBL Logistik. The DB Schenker locos were deployed to Magdeburg. In Stendal there are about 50 old vehicles available for a possible conversion.
OnRail DH 1004
The OnRail DH 1004 were rebuilt from V 100s in the late 1990s and early 2000s by Vossloh retaining the frame, bogies and transmission but with the engine and bodywork replaced. The locomotives are used at ports and on private railways.
Preservation
After withdrawal in 2004, 211 023, 212 023 and 212 330 in some units became the property of the Deutsche Bahn's own museum (see Nuremberg Transport Museum). One of the 212 units had been looked after by a group of railway fans for years; having been adopted in 1993 and painted in its historical purpurrot livery (Epoch III to Epoch IV) at the general inspections in 1994 and 2000.
All three locomotives were badly damaged as a result of a fire on 17 October 2005 at the museum. In June/July 2006 all the burnt out diesel locomotives in the museum's ownership were dismantled and scrapped.
An entire range of Class V100 locomotives have been preserved. For example: 211 023-7 (DB Museum), 211 054-2 (Gemeinde Eschenau), 211 079-9 (Hammer EF), 211 200-1 (DGEG), 211 357-9 (Gesellschaft zur Erhaltung von Schienenfahrzeugen), 212 001-2 (DB Museum), 212 007-9 (DGEG), 212 009-5 (private), 212 023-6 (DB Museum), 212 062-4 (DB Museum), 212 077-2 (DB Museum), 212 084-8 (DB Museum), 212 133-3 (private), 212 203-4 (private) und 212 372-7 (DB Museum).
See also
The Class 2048 of the OBB in Austria Modified Class 211s operating in Austria in the 1990s (German Wikipedia page)
Notes
References
Further information
Books
Periodical articles
Film
SWR: Eisenbahn-Romantik – Abschied von der V 100 (Folge 364)
External links
V100.de V 100 sites with technical diagrams, and technical information on all components, and individual locomotive histories and images for all 745 units. v100.de
Die V 100 der DB The DB V 100. Brief history and design information epoch-3.de
DB Class V 100 – Locomotive with diesel-hydraulic drive
V 100
B-B locomotives
MaK locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1958
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Mixed traffic locomotives
Gerhard Dommrich (17 July 1932 – 5 May 2014) was a German sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics for East Germany.
References
External links
1932 births
2014 deaths
German male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of East Germany
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Nordhausen, Thuringia
Sportspeople from Thuringia
Neejer Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, south of Minnehaha.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Aglaia, Aglaïa, Aglaja, or Aglaya may refer to:
People and mythical figures
Aglaia or Aglaea (mythology)
Saint Aglaia of Rome, 4th century, a companion of Saint Boniface
Science
Aglaia, a genus of trees in the mahogany family
The butterfly genus Aglais (Dalman, 1816)
47 Aglaja, an asteroid
Other uses
Aglaia (given name)
Aglaia, ballet by Filippo Taglioni.
Aglaia, an opera by Heitor Villa-Lobos
, an 18th-century British ship
See also
Aglaja (disambiguation)
Aglae (disambiguation)
The political Committee of the 1 St century BC –Political leaders in the 2 nd century – The political leader of the year
This is a list of political entities that existed between 1 mo and 100 mo.
Political entities
See also
List of Bronze Age states
List of Iron Age states
List of Classical Age states
List of states during Late Antiquity
List of states during the Middle Ages
References
+01
1st century-related lists
Emmanuel Bangué (born 21 July 1971 in Saint-Maur-des-Fosses) is a French long jumper, best known for finishing fourth at the 1996 Olympic Games. Their personal best is 8.25 metres, achieved in September 1996 in Tomblaine.
Achievements
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
French male long jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of France
Sportspeople from Saint-Maur-des-Fossés
Athletes (track and field) at the 1997 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for France
21st-century French people
20th-century French people
In enzymology, a steroid Δ5-isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
a 3-oxo-Δ5-steroid a 3-oxo-Δ4-steroid
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, a 3-oxo-Δ5-steroid, and one product, a 3-oxo-Δ4-steroid.
Introduction
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases transposing C=C bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3-oxosteroid Δ5-Δ4-isomerase. Other names in common use include ketosteroid isomerase (KSI), hydroxysteroid isomerase, steroid isomerase, Δ5-ketosteroid isomerase, Δ5(or Δ4)-3-keto steroid isomerase, Δ5-steroid isomerase, 3-oxosteroid isomerase, Δ5-3-keto steroid isomerase, and Δ5-3-oxosteroid isomerase.
KSI has been studied extensively from the bacteria Comamonas testosteroni (TI), formerly referred to as Pseudomonas testosteroni, and Pseudomonas putida (PI). The enzymes from these two sources are 34% homologous, and structural studies have shown that the placement of the catalytic groups in the active sites is virtually identical. Mammalian KSI has been studied from bovine adrenal cortex and rat liver. This enzyme participates in c21-steroid hormone metabolism and androgen and estrogen metabolism. An example substrate is Δ5-androstene-3,17-dione, which KSI converts to Δ4-androstene-3,17-dione. The above reaction in the absence of enzyme takes 7 weeks to complete in aqueous solution. KSI performs this reaction on an order of 1011 times faster, ranking it among the most proficient enzymes known. Bacterial KSI also serves as a model protein for studying enzyme catalysis and protein folding.
Structural studies
KSI exists as a homodimer with two identical halves. The interface between the two monomers is narrow and well defined, consisting of neutral or apolar amino acids, suggesting the hydrophobic interaction is important for dimerization. Results show that the dimerization is essential to function. The active site is highly apolar and folds around the substrate in a manner similar to other enzymes with hydrophobic substrates, suggesting this fold is characteristic for binding hydrophobic substrates.
No complete atomic structure of KSI appeared until 1997, when an NMR structure of TI KSI was reported. This structure showed that the active site is a deep hydrophobic pit with Asp-38 and Tyr-14 located at the bottom of this pit. The structure is thus entirely consistent with the proposed mechanistic roles of Asp-38 and Tyr-14.
As of late 2007, 25 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
Mechanism
KSI catalyzes the rearrangement of a carbon-carbon double bond in ketosteroids through an enolate intermediate at a diffusion-limited rate. There have been conflicting results on the ionization state of the intermediate, whether it exists as the enolate or enol. Pollack uses a thermodynamic argument to suggest the intermediate exists as the enolate. The general base Asp-38 abstracts a proton from position 4 (alpha to the carbonyl, next to the double bond) of the steroid ring to form an enolate (the rate-limiting step) that is stabilized by the hydrogen bond donating Tyr-14 and Asp-99. Tyr-14 and Asp-99 are positioned deep within the hydrophobic active site and form a so-called oxanion hole. Protonated Asp-38 then transfers its proton to position 6 of the steroid ring to complete the reaction.
Although the mechanistic steps of the reaction are not disputed, the contributions of various factors to catalysis such as electrostatics, hydrogen bonding of the oxyanion hole, and distal binding effects are discussed below and still debated.
The Warshel group applied statistical mechanical computational methods and empirical valence bond theory to previous experimental data. It was determined that electrostatic preorganization-including ionic residues and fixed dipoles within the active site-contributes most to KSI catalysis. More specifically, Tyr-14 and Asp-99 dipoles work to stabilize the growing charge which accumulates on the enolate oxygen (O-3) throughout catalysis. In a similar way, the charge on Asp38 is stabilized by surrounding residues and a water molecule during the course of the reaction. The Boxer group used experimental Stark spectroscopy methods to identify the presence of H-bond-mediated electric fields within the KSI active site. These measurements quantified the electrostatic contribution to KSI catalysis (70%).
The active site is lined with hydrophobic residues to accommodate the substrate, but Asp-99 and Tyr-14 are within hydrogen bonding distance of O-3. The hydrogen bonds from Tyr-14 and Asp-99 are known to significantly affect the rate of catalysis in KSI. Mutagenesis of this residue to alanine (D99A) or asparagine (D99N) results in a loss in activity at pH 7 of 3000-fold and 27-fold, respectively, implicating Asp-99 as important for enzymatic activity. Wu et al. proposed a mechanism that involves both Tyr-14 and Asp-99 forming hydrogen bonds directly to O-3 of the steroid. This mechanism was challenged by Zhao et al., who postulated a hydrogen bonding network with Asp-99 hydrogen bonding to Tyr-14, which in turn forms a hydrogen bond to O-3. More recently, the Herschlag group utilized unnatural amino acid incorporation to assay the importance of Tyr-14 to KSI catalysis. The natural tyrosine residue was substituted with unnatural halogenated amino acids surveying a range of pKa's. There was very little difference in KSI catalytic turnover with decreasing pKa, suggesting, in contrast to the electrostatic studies outlined above, that oxyanion hole stabilization is not primarily important for catalysis.
Asp-38 general acidic/basic activity and effective molarity was probed by the Herschlag group through site-directed mutagenesis and exogenous base rescue. Asp-38 was mutated to Gly, nullifying catalytic activity, and exogenous rescue was attempted with carboxylates of varying size and molarity. By calculating the concentration of base needed for full rescue, the Herschlag group determined the effective molarity of Asp-38 in KSI (6400 M). Thus, Asp-38 is critical for KSI catalysis.
Sigala et al. found that solvent exclusion and replacement by the remote hydrophobic steroid rings negligibly alter the electrostatic environment within the KSI oxyanion hole. In addition, ligand binding does not grossly alter the conformations of backbone and side chain groups observed in X-ray structures of PI KSI. However, NMR and UV studies suggest that steroid binding restricts the motions of several active-site groups, including Tyr-16. Recently, the Herschlag group proposed that remote binding of hydrophobic regions of the substrate to distal portions of the active site contribute to KSI catalysis (>5 kcal/mol). A 4-ring substrate reacted 27,000 times faster than a single ring substrate indicating the importance of distal active site binding motifs. This activity ratio persists throughout mutagenesis of residues important to oxyanion hole stabilization, implying that distal binding is what accounts for the large asupervisorstioned reactivity difference.
Numerous physical changes occur upon steroid binding within the KSI active site. In the free enzyme an ordered water molecule is positioned within hydrogen-bonding distance of Tyr-16 (the PI equivalent of TI KSI Tyr-14) and Asp-103 (the PI equivalent of TI KSI Asp-99). This and additional disordered water molecules present within the unliganded active site are displaced upon steroid binding and are substantially excluded by the dense constellation of hydrophobic residues that pack around the bound, hydrophobic steroid skeleton.
As stated above, the degree to which various factors contribute to KSI catalysis is still debated.
Function
KSI occurs in animal tissues concerned with steroid hormone biosynthesis, such as the adrenal, testis, and ovary. KSI in Comamomas testosteroni is used in the degradation pathway of steroids, allowing these bacteria to utilize steroids containing a double bond at Δ5, such as testosterone, as its sole source of carbon. In mammals, transfer of a double bond at Δ5 to Δ4 is catalyzed by 3-β-hydroxy-Δ5-steroid dehydrogenase at the same time as the dehydroxylation of 3-β-hydroxyl group to ketone group, while in C. testosteroni and P. putida, Δ5,3-ketosteroid isomerase just transfers a double bond at Δ5 of 3-ketosteroid to Δ4.
A Δ5-3-ketosteroid isomerase-disrupted mutant of strain TA441 can grow on dehydroepiandrosterone, which has a double bond at Δ5, but cannot grow on epiandrosterone, which lacks a double bond at Δ5, indicating that C. testosteroni KSI is responsible for transfer of the double bond from Δ5 to Δ4 and transfer of the double bond by hydrogenation at Δ5 and following dehydrogenation at Δ4 is not possible.
Model enzyme
KSI has been used as a model system to test different theories to explain how enzymes achieve their catalytic efficiency. Low-barrier hydrogen bonds and unusual pKa values for the catalytic residues have been proposed as the basis for the fast action of KSI. Gerlt and Gassman proposed the formation of unusually short, strong hydrogen bonds between KSI oxanion hole and the reaction intermediate as a means of catalytic rate enhancement. In their model, high-energy states along the reaction coordinate are specifically stabilized by the formation of these bonds. Since then, the catalytic role of short, strong hydrogen bonds has been debated. Another proposal explaining enzyme catalysis tested through KSI is the geometrical complementarity of the active site to the transition state, which proposes the active site electrostatics is complementary to the substrate transition state.
KSI has also been a model system for studying protein folding. Kim et al. studied the effect of folding and tertiary structure on the function of KSI.
References
Further reading
EC 5.3.3
Enzymes of known structure
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 200 metre backstroke event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Sunday 1998-01-18 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
Remarks
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 200m Backstroke (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 200m Backstroke (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 200m Backstroke (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 200m Backstroke (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
In Dreams is the third studio album by American progressive metal band After the Burial. It was released on November 23, 2010 through Sumerian Records. It is the first After the Burial album to feature music videos, which were produced for songs "Pendulum" and "Your Troubles Will Cease and Fortune Will Smile Upon You". This album also features more prominent clean vocals, sung by guitarist Trent Hafdahl and guest vocalist Ryan Jimenez.
Track listing
Chart positions
Personnel
After the Burial
Anthony Notarmaso – lead vocals
Trent Hafdahl – lead guitar, backing vocals, production
Justin Lowe – rhythm guitar, programming, engineering, production
Lerichard "Lee" Foral – bass
Dan Carle – drums
Additional musicians
Jocke Skog – vocals, programming, composing, mixing, mastering, production
Rusty Cooley – guitar solo in "Encased in Ice"
Additional personnel
Will Putney – vocal production
Daniel McBride – artwork, layout
Shawn Keith – A&R
References
Sumerian Records albums
2010 albums
After the Burial albums
Marvin Baumgartner Revelo (born January 13, 1994) is a Swiss-born Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for FC Bassersdorf in the 2. Liga Interregional.
Personal
Marvin Baumgartner Revelo was born in Switzerland to a Swiss father and Salvadoran mother.
Career
Baumgartner began their youth career in Switzerland playing for FC Kloten. After one successful season, they were scouted by one of the most important teams in Switzerland, FC Zurich. They joined the U13 squad where they went up the ranks (U14, U15, U16, U17, U18) until they reached the Reserve squad (FC Zurich II) where they played for 4 seasons. During the 2012 season Marvin participated in 4 friendly matches with the senior squad.
On February 2, 2015 Baumgartner signed their first professional contract with USL Side Real Monarchs, making their first appearance on March 29, 2015 in a match against Portland Timbers 2.
International
Between 2008-2010 Baumgartner was a member on the Swiss U15, U16, and U17 National teams. They never played an official match with the youth squads, making them eligible to play for El Salvador. In 2012, they were discovered by Salvadoran scouting blog SelectaTalent. they caught the attention of the Salvadoran Football federation and was called in to a Pre-U20 WC qualifier camp. Head coach Mauricio Alfaro was impressed by their abilities on the pitch, and ability to adapt to a country where they didn't speak the language. They were named to the final roster and played every minute in the U-20 Qualifiers in Puebla, Mexico, where the team went on to qualify to the first U-20 World cup in the history of Salvadoran football.
In the summer of 2013, they were named to the U-20 world cup roster. They played every minute of the World Cup group stage. In November 2014, they were named to the U-21 Roster to play the Juegos Centro Americanos y del Caribe that took place in Veracruz, Mexico. Once again Marvin played every minute for the National team.
References
1993 births
Living people
Swiss footballers
Swiss expatriate footballers
Swiss people of Salvadoran descent
Salvadoran footballers
Salvadoran expatriate footballers
Salvadoran expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
FC Zürich players
Real Monarchs players
Association football defenders
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Switzerland youth international footballers
USL Championship players
People from Bülach
Sportspeople from the canton of Zürich
Dr. B C Roy Post Graduate Institute of Paediatric Sciences is a pioneering Indian institute for research and training in paediatric sciences in Kolkata. It was established by amalgamating Dr. B. C. Roy Memorial Hospital for Children, Kolkata (Estd. 1967) and B. C. Roy Polio Clinic and Hospital for Crippled Children on 28 September, 2010. It is now affiliated with West Bengal University of Health Sciences.
References
External links
2010 establishments in West Bengal
Affiliates of West Bengal University of Health Sciences
Medical colleges in West Bengal
Public health organisations based in India
Research institutes in Kolkata
Medical research institutes in India
Kotalawala Walawwa is a historic Walawwa building situated in Hindagoda, Badulla, Sri Lanka. The building is located on the Badulla - Passara main road (A5), approximately away from the Badulla town. It was the residence of former Muhandiram Don Carolis Kotalawala. The Walawwa has been formally recognised by the Government as an archaeological protected monument in Sri Lanka. The designation was declared on 22 November 2002 under the government Gazette number 1264.
History
Since 1818 uprising against the British colonial government, Uva area was suffering from the ravages of British military actions. It is said that British rulers had almost neglected Uva's economic, transport and educational development. Therefore some part of Badulla area was also in rural and forested state without proper development. Meanwhile a youth named Don Carolis Kotalawala, born in 1847 from Undugoda, Raigam Korale area decided to migrate to Badulla and began their career as a good transporter. They first introduced a fleet of double bullock carts to transport goods through the jungle maze and personally supervised the transport network which was stalked by bandits and robbers. The success of their career led them into well known merchant and land proprietor in the area. Being a notable person in the region they were conferred the title Muhandiram and married to Sudu Menika Wijekoon, a lady of a high class family from the area. A stately house put up at Hindagoda off Badulla became their family residence and which was later known as Kotalawala Walawwa.
See also
Architecture of Sri Lanka
References
Buildings and structures in Badulla
Archaeological protected monuments in Badulla District
Tourist attractions in Badulla District
Buildings and structures in Badulla District
Manor houses in Sri Lanka
Carlota Talassi (1811 – 1891) was a Portuguese actor and translator of plays.
Early life
Carlota Talassi da Silva was born in the parish of Santo Ildefonso in Porto, Portugal on 20 September 1811. They were the daughter of an actor, Catarina Talassi, and granddaughter of an Italian poet, Augusto Talassi, who moved to Portugal in the service of Queen Maria I. There is no record of the name of their father, although it is believed they were also an actor. Them parents supported their daughter's inclinations to join them in the theatre and guided their development from an early age. They were 9 years old when they first stepped onto the stage at the São João National Theatre in Porto, on 13 May 1821, on the birthday of King João VI.
Career
In the same year as their first appearance, Talassi appeared in several other plays in Porto, to great acclaim. In 1822 they went to the Portuguese capital, Lisbon, with their parents but they were unable to get work at the Teatro da Rua dos Condes and, as a result, travelled around the provinces of Portugal and Galicia in Spain and returned to Porto, where they lived for another three years. In October 1825, they headed back to Lisbon and entered the Teatro do Salitre, where Talassi remained until Easter 1826 when the death of the king led to political instability and the closing of the theatres. After D. Pedro defeated their brother, D. Miguel in the Liberal Wars and entered Lisbon in 1833, they returned to the Salitre in the capacity of first lady. They also began to translate plays from French into Portuguese.
Émile Doux was a French actor who visited Portugal as part of a theatrical company and stayed in Lisbon, forming their own company, after having been asked by the playwright, Almeida Garrett, to teach some of the Lisbon actors. Talassi was one of the students and then joined their company at the Teatro da Rua dos Condes. They starred in a performance of Um Auto de Gil Vicente written by Garrett when it was performed in 1838 to honour Queen Maria II on their birthday. In the same year, they also performed in plays by Alexandre Dumas and Victor Hugo. Later, Talassi moved to a company owned by the very rich Count of Farrobo. In December 1843, they married Caetano José da Silva, who came from a theatrical family. In 1844, they were part of a Society of Actors who organised to perform at the Rua dos Condes, including the actors :pt: Sargedas and :pt: Epifânio Aniceto Gonçalves, who was the director. However, that theatre closed in 1846 and Talassi was then chosen as first lady for the company of the rebuilt D. Maria II National Theatre in Lisbon, which re-opened in 1846. At around the same time, Portugal began to classify actors and assign them categories according to their artistic merit. The government consulted a committee, which heard the opinion of leading actors. Talassi was classified as "Absolute First Lady" prior to moving to the D. Maria II.
Death
Talassi stayed at the D. Maria II National Theatre until they retired from acting in 1862, obtaining a pension that reflected their high status in the acting world. They died from heart problems on 4 September 1891 at their home in Campo Grande in Lisbon. They were buried in the Prazeres Cemetery in Lisbon.
References
Portuguese stage actores
19th-century Portuguese actores
1811 births
1891 deaths
People from Porto
The Ministry of Overseas, Ministry of Overseas Affairs, Ministry of Overseas Territories (Spanish Ministerio de Ultramar), or simply, Ultramar, was the ministerial department in charge of the direction of Spanish territories between 1863 and 1899. It administered the Philippines, Cuba, Puerto Rico and the Carolinas, Marianas and Palaos.
Prior to its establishment, the administration of the colonies was in charge of the Ministry of the Navy. By a royal decree of 20 May 1863 responsibility for the colonies was transferred to a new department. Following Spanish–American War of 1898, in which Spain lost the greater part of their colonial territory (Cuba, Guam, Puerto Rico and the Philippines), and the sale of their remaining Pacific possessions to Germany by the treaty of 12 February 1899, the Overseas Ministry itself was suppressed in a royal decree of 20 April 1899.
The creation of a Spanish protectorate in Morocco in 1912, and the establishment of Spanish control over its Guinean possessions, a new colonial department, the Direccion General de Marruecos y Colonias (Directorate-General for Morocco and the Colonies), was set up in 1925. After recognizing the independence of Morocco in 1956, its name was changed to Direccion General de Plazas y Provincias Africanas (Directorate-General for African Territories and Provinces). In 1969, following the independence of Equatorial Guinea, its remit was once again reduced and it became the Direccion General de Promoción del Sahara (Directorate-General for Sahara Promotion), charged with the advancement of Spanish Sahara until 1975.
List of Ministers
References
Defunct departments of the Spanish Government
Gungralchatra Tammegowda Devegowda is an Indian politician who was the Minister of Higher Education of Karnataka in the JDS and Indian National Congress Coalition government in the Second H. D. Kumaraswamy ministry from 23 May 2018 to 23 July 2019. They started their political career with Congress in the 1970s, and later joined Janata Dal (Secular). In the 2018 Karnataka Legislative Assembly election, they won by a large margin against incumbent chief minister Siddaramaiah, from Chamundeshwari Assembly segment.
References
External links
www.gtdevegowda.in
G.T Devegowda at Myneta
Living people
Politicians from Mysore
Janata Dal (Secular) politicians
Janata Party politicians
Janata Dal politicians
Karnataka MLAs 2004–2007
Karnataka MLAs 2013–2018
Karnataka MLAs 2018–2023
1949 births
Kate Karlina Krēsliņa (born 14 April 1996) is a Latvian basketball player for Fordham Rams and the Latvian national team.
They participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Fordham Rams women's basketball players
Latvian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Latvian women's basketball players
Small forwards
Basketball players from Riga
Tulliby Lake is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within the County of Vermilion River. It is located approximately north of Highway 45 and northwest of Lloydminster.
Climate
Demographics
The population of Tulliby Lake according to the 2015 municipal census conducted by the County of Vermilion River is 22.
Amenities
Tulliby Lake has a Petro-Canada cardlock fuel station, a community centre, a natural-ice skating rink, and an open-air riding arena.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
County of Vermilion River
The Nadia gas field natural gas field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea. It was discovered in 2013 and developed by Sterling Resources. It will begin production in 2018 and will produce natural gas and condensates. The total proven reserves of the Nadia gas field are around 306 billion cubic feet (8.7 km³), and production is slated to be around 50 million cubic feet/day (1.4×106m³) in 2018.
References
Black Sea energy
Natural gas fields in Romania
Fast5 (originally called Fastnet) is a variation of netball featuring shortened games and goals worth multiple points. The new format was announced by the International Federation of Netball Associations (IFNA) (now the International Netball Federation) in 2008, and was primarily developed for a new international competition, the Fast5 Netball World Series. The rules were revamped for 2012, with the variation being renamed Fast5.
Background
In 2008, the IFNA released the details of a new, faster format of netball, which eventually became known as "fastnet". The new format was developed for a new international netball competition, the World Netball Series. According to the IFNA, the new rules were ultimately designed to make games faster and more television-friendly, with the ultimate aim of raising the sport's profile and attracting more spectators and greater sponsorship. Previously, the new rules had been trialled by England junior and senior netball squads over a 12-month period. Some of the new rules were announced in December 2008, including six-minute playing quarters and power plays; others were announced in February 2009. The new format was quickly compared to Twenty20 cricket and rugby sevens.
Playing rules
Fast5 features modified rules that are outlined below. Outside of these, the standard rules of netball apply (see Netball rules).
Players: Each side only has five players on the court, compared with seven in normal netball competition.
Timing: Each quarter lasts only six minutes, compared with 15 minutes in normal international netball competition. Breaks in between quarters are two minutes each. Injury time-outs are 30 seconds only; standard rules allow for one initial two-minute injury time-out.
Coaching: Coaches can give instructions to players from the sidelines during play, from in front of their playing bench. Standard international rules do not allow coaching during play.
Substitutions: Teams are allowed to use rolling substitutions, with no stoppages in play per substitution and with unlimited substitutions per quarter. Standard international rules only allow substitutions either between quarters or when a player is injured.
Power plays: Each team can separately nominate one "power play" quarter, in which each goal scored by that team counts for double points. This is somewhat similar to power plays in One Day International and Twenty20 cricket, although it is not a feature of standard netball. The two teams cannot nominate the same quarter to be their power play.
Two and Three-point shots: Similar to three-point field goals in basketball and two-point goals in six-a-side indoor netball, the goal shooter (GS) and goal attack (GA) may shoot goals from anywhere in the goal third. These goals count for two points if shot from between the inner and outer goal circles and three points if shot from outside the outer goal circle; in a power-play quarter, they would count for four and six points respectively. In standard netball rules, goals can only be shot from within a single goal circle and count for one point only.
Centre passes: After each goal, the team that conceded the goal takes the next centre pass; teams alternate taking the first centre pass of each quarter. Under normal rules, a coin toss determines the first centre pass of the match, after which centre passes alternate between the two teams.
Tied scores: Tied games are decided by a period of extra time lasting 1 minute. If the scores are still tied at the end of that time, play continues until the next goal is scored.
Competitions
The main Fast5 competition is the Fast5 Netball World Series; presently, it is the only international competition based on the new format. It was first held in October 2009 and is contested on an annual basis between the top six national netball teams in the IFNA World Rankings. Regional fastnet competitions also emerged in 2009 in England. The Jamaica Netball Association announced plans for a domestic fastnet competition in their country starting in 2010. In the United Kingdom, the British Fast5 Netball All-Stars Championship was launched in 2017 and is fought by each of the teams that participate in the Netball Superleague, the elite domestic netball competition in the UK.
References
External links
Netball variants
Ruby Creek is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada, rising in the southern Lillooet Ranges and joining the Fraser east of Seabird Island at the locality of Ruby Creek and the associated Ruby Creek Indian Reserve No. 2. It is the largest tributary along the north side of the Fraser between Hope and Agassiz.
References
Lillooet Ranges
Rivers of the Lower Mainland
Tributaries of the Fraser River
Rivers of the Pacific Ranges
The United Cigar Manufacturing Company building is an historic building located at York, York County, Pennsylvania.
History
The building was constructed as a cigar factory in 1907 by the United Cigar Manufacturing Company of New York City.
United Cigar was formed in 1902 by the consolidation of Kerbs, Wertheim & Schiffer; Hirschhorn, Mack & Company; and Stratton & Storm Company. It was subsequently incorporated in New York under the same name in 1906. As of 1907, the company owned and operated 19 factories in New York, Pennsylvania and New Jersey and manufactured 400 million cigars annually for the wholesale market. It became the General Cigar Company about 1917.
The cigar factory was operated for an undetermined period as the York City Cigar Company. After 1932, the building housed printers and clothing manufacturers and is currently used as an apartment building.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Construction
The three-story, brick building is on a stone foundation and has a low-pitched gable roof. The main facade is 18 bays wide and has a 4-bay-wide, 1-bay-deep, center pavilion. The building measures 174 feet wide by 41 feet deep.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in York County, Pennsylvania
References
Buildings and structures in York, Pennsylvania
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Industrial buildings completed in 1907
Historic cigar factories
Tobacco buildings in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in York County, Pennsylvania
Harold Winter (9 December 1887 – 14 October 1969) was a German sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1887 births
1969 deaths
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Frankfurt
Coady is an unincorporated community in east central Harris County, Texas, United States.
Education
Goose Creek Independent School District operates schools in the area.
External links
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Saltby is a village within the civil parish of Sproxton and Melton borough of Leicestershire, England. It lies close to the River Eye and the border with Lincolnshire. There are approximately 65 properties (2021) within the village. The population is included in the civil parish of Sproxton.
The village includes the former RAF Saltby. The 13th to 15th-century parish church of St Peter is a grade II* listed building.
Nearby places are Waltham on the Wolds, Croxton Kerrial, Coston, Buckminster, and Skillington (in Lincolnshire).
References
External links
www.saltby.com
Villages in Leicestershire
Borough of Melton
Daniel Haaksman (born 1968) is a Berlin-based German DJ, producer, journalist and label boss. They showed the music of the favelas of Rio de Janeiro to an international audience for the first time when they released the compilation album Rio Baile Funk Favela Booty Beats in 2004.
In 2005 Haaksman founded the Man Recordings label. They have released several EPs, studio albums as well as remixes. As a DJ they have travelled around the world and performed at various night clubs, festivals and events.
From 2013 until 2016 Haaksman hosted a weekly radio show, Luso FM on the German radio station WDR Funkhaus Europe. They also write as a music journalist to various German-language newspapers.
Discography
Studio albums
2009: Rio Baile Funk Breaks (with DJ Sandrinho and DJ Beware) (Man Recordings)
2011: Rambazamba (Man Recordings)
2012: More Rambazamba (Man Recordings)
2016: African Fabrics (Man Recordings)
Compilation albums
1999: V.A. Dub Infusions 1989–1999 (Best Seven)
2001: V.A. More Dub Infusions (Best Seven)
2004: V.A. Rio Baile Funk Favela Booty Beats (Essay Recordings)
2006: V.A. More Rio Baile Funk Favela Booty Beats (Essay Recordings)
2009: V.A. Bossa Do Morro (Universal Germany)
Singles and EPs
2008: "Who's Afraid of Rio?" feat. MC Jennifer (Man Recordings, Man 031)
2008: "Who's Afraid of Remixes?" (Man Recordings, Man 033)
2009: "Gostoso" EP (Man Recordings, Man 039)
2009: "Gostoso" Remix (Man Recordings, Man 041)
2010: "Hands Up EP" (Man Recordings, Man 049)
2011: "Rap Da Silva" EP feat. Bani Silva (Man Recordings, Man 058)
2011: "Copabanana" EP (Man Recordings, Man 059)
2012: "Paragon" ft. Wildlife! (Man Recordings, Man 068)
2013: "Lemba" ft. Coréon Dú (Man Recordings, Man 077)
2013: "Lemba Remix" ft. Coréon Dú (Man Recordings, Man 079)
2013: "Toma Que Toma" (Man Recordings, Man 081)
2014: "Split Screen" ft. Dre Skull (Man Recordings, Mix Pak, Man 083)
2015: "Sabado" ft. Bulldozer (Man Recordings, Man 086)
2016: "Rename the Streets" (Man Recordings, Man 091)
2016: "Akabongi" ft. Spoek Mathambo (Man Recordings, Man 093)
2017: "Capri Fruit" EP ft. Feadz (Man Recordings)
2017: "Fun Fun Fun/Aná Aná Aná" (Man Recordings)
2017: "Remixes 2008–2017" (Man Recordings)
References
1968 births
Electronic dance music DJs
German DJs
German electronic musicians
German record producers
Living people
Mamarchev Peak (, ) is the peak with tween heights both rising to in the north part of Sullivan Heights in central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and surmounting Pulpudeva Glacier to the west and Ellen Glacier to the north.
The peak is named after Georgi Mamarchev (1786–1846), leader of the Bulgarian liberation movement, in connection with the settlement of Mamarchevo in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Mamarchev Peak is located at , which is northwest of Mount Levack, 10.9 km east-northeast of Mount Bearskin, southeast of Mount Jumper and south of Roberts Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Mamarchev Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission (in Bulgarian)
Basic data (in English)
External links
Mamarchev Peak. Copernix satellite image
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Moldovan (Latin alphabet: limba moldovenească; Moldovan Cyrillic alphabet: лимба молдовеняскэ), also known historically as Moldavian, is one of the two local names of the Romanian language in Moldova. "Moldovan" is declared the official language in Article 13 of the constitution adopted in 1994, while the 1991 Declaration of Independence of Moldova uses the name "Romanian". In 2003, the Moldovan parliament adopted a law defining "Moldovan" and "Romanian" as glottonyms for the same language. In 2013, the Constitutional Court of Moldova interpreted that Article 13 of the constitution is superseded by the Declaration of Independence, thus giving official status to the name "Romanian". The breakaway region of Transnistria continues to recognize "Moldovan" as one of its official languages, alongside Russian and Ukrainian.
The language of the Moldovans had historically been identified by both terms, however, during the Soviet Union, Moldovan, or, as it was called at the time, "Moldavian", was the only term officially recognized. Soviet policy emphasized distinctions between Moldavians and Romanians based on their allegedly different histories. Its resolution declared Moldavian a distinct Romance language from Romanian.
While a majority of inhabitants of the capital city of Chișinău and, according to surveys, people with higher education call their language "Romanian", most rural residents indicated "Moldovan" as their native language in the 2004 census. In schools in Moldova, the term "Romanian language" has been used since independence.
The variety of Romanian spoken in Moldova is the Moldavian subdialect, which is spread approximately within the territory of the former Principality of Moldavia (now split between Moldova, Romania, and Ukraine). Moldavian is considered one of the five major spoken varieties of Romanian. However, all five are written identically, and Moldova and Romania share the same literary language.
The standard alphabet used in Moldova is equivalent to the Romanian alphabet, which is based on the Latin alphabet. Until 1918, varieties of the Romanian Cyrillic alphabet were used. The Moldovan Cyrillic alphabet (derived from the Russian alphabet and standardised in the Soviet Union) was used in 1924–1932 and 1938–1989 and remains in use in Transnistria.
History and politics
The history of the Moldovan language refers to the historical evolution of the glottonym Moldavian/Moldovan in Moldova and beyond. It is closely tied to the region's political status, as during long periods of rule by Russia and the Soviet Union, officials emphasized the language's name as part of separating the Moldovans from those people who began to identify as Romanian in a different nation-building process. Cyrillic script was in use. From a linguistic perspective, "Moldovan" is an alternative name for the varieties of the Romanian language spoken in the Republic of Moldova (see History of the Romanian language).
Before 1918, during the period between the wars, and after the union of Bessarabia with Romania, scholars did not have consensus that Moldovans and the Romanians formed a single ethnic group. The Moldovan peasants had grown up in a different political entity and missed the years of creating a pan-Romanian national political consciousness. They identified as Moldovans speaking the language "Moldovan". This caused reactions from pan-Romanian nationalists. The concept of the distinction of Moldovan from Romanian was explicitly stated only in the early 20th century. It accompanied the raising of national awareness among Moldovans, with the Soviets emphasizing distinctions between Moldavians and Romanians. "Moldavian" has also been recorded by the 1960s' Romanian Linguistic Atlas as the answer to the question "What [language] do you speak?" in parts of Western Moldavia (Galați and Iași counties).
Major developments since the fall of the Soviet Union include resuming use of a Latin script rather than Cyrillic letters in 1989, and several changes in the statutory name of the official language used in Moldova. At one point of particular confusion about identity in the 1990s, all references to geography in the name of the language were dropped, and it was officially known simply as — "the state language".
Moldovan was assigned the code mo in ISO 639-1 and code mol in ISO 639-2 and ISO 639-3. Since November 2008, these have been deprecated, leaving ro and ron (639-2/T) and rum (639-2/B), the language identifiers to be used for the variant of the Romanian language also known as Moldavian and Moldovan in English, the ISO 639-2 Registration Authority said in explaining the decision.
In 1989, the contemporary Romanian version of the Latin alphabet was adopted as the official script of the Moldavian SSR.
Since independence
The Declaration of Independence of Moldova (27 August 1991) named the official language as "Romanian". The 1994 constitution, passed under a Communist government, declared "Moldovan" as the state language.
When in 1993 the Romanian Academy changed the official orthography of the Romanian language, the Institute of Linguistics at the Academy of Sciences of Moldova did not initially make these changes, which however have since been adopted.
In 1996, the Moldovan president Mircea Snegur attempted to change the official name of the language back to "Romanian"; the Moldovan Parliament, Communist-dominated, dismissed the proposal as promoting "Romanian expansionism".
In 2003, a Moldovan–Romanian dictionary ( (2003)) by Vasile Stati was published aiming to prove that there existed two distinct languages. Reacting to this, linguists of the Romanian Academy in Romania declared that all the Moldovan words are also Romanian words, although some of its contents are disputed as being Russian loanwords. In Moldova, the head of the Academy of Sciences' Institute of Linguistics, , described the dictionary as "an absurdity, serving political purposes". Stati, however, accused both of promoting "Romanian colonialism". At that point, a group of Romanian linguists adopted a resolution stating that promotion of the notion of a distinct Moldovan language is an anti-scientific campaign.
In 2003, the Parliament of the Republic of Moldova adopted a law defining "Moldovan" and "Romanian" as designations for the same language (glottonyms).
In the 2004 census, 16.5% (558,508) of the 3,383,332 people living in Moldova declared Romanian as their native language, whereas 60% declared Moldovan. Most of the latter responses were from rural populations. While the majority of the population in the capital city of Chișinău gave their language as "Romanian", in the countryside more than six-sevenths of the Romanian/Moldovan speakers indicated "Moldovan" as their native language, reflecting historic conservatism.
In schools in Moldova, the term "Romanian language" has been used since independence.
In December 2007, Moldovan president Vladimir Voronin asked for the term to be changed to "Moldovan language", but due to public pressure against that choice, the term was not changed.
In December 2013, the Constitutional Court of Moldova ruled that the Declaration of Independence takes precedence over the Constitution and that the state language should be called Romanian.
As of March 2017, the presidential website under Igor Dodon has seen the Romanian language option changed to "Moldovan", which is described to be "in accordance with the constitution" by said president. The change was reverted on 24 December 2020, the day Maia Sandu assumed office.
In June 2021, during a meeting between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Romania Bogdan Aurescu and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba, the former asked Ukraine to recognize the inexistence of the Moldovan language to improve the situation of the Romanians in Ukraine. Kuleba responded to this saying that they were trying to do the paperwork for this as soon as possible.
Controversy
The matter of whether or not "Moldovan" is a separate language continues to be contested politically within and beyond the Republic of Moldova. The 1989 Language Law of the Moldavian SSR, which is still in effect in Moldova, according to the Constitution, asserts a "linguistic Moldo-Romanian identity". Article 13 of the Moldovan Constitution names it "the national language of the country" (the original uses the phrase , which literally means the language of the state).
In the breakaway region of Transnistria, Moldovan is declared an official language, together with Ukrainian and Russian.
Standard "Moldovan" is widely considered to be identical to standard Romanian. Writing about "essential differences", Vasile Stati, supporter of Moldovenism, is obliged to concentrate almost exclusively on lexical rather than grammatical differences. Whatever language distinctions may once have existed, these have been decreasing rather than increasing. King wrote in 2000 that "in the main, Moldovan in its standard form was more Romanian by the 1980s than at any point in its history".
In 2002, the Moldovan Minister of Justice Ion Morei said that Romanian and Moldovan were the same language and that the Constitution of Moldova should be amended to reflect this—not by substituting "Romanian" for the word "Moldovan", but by adding that "Romanian and Moldovan are the same language". The education minister said: "I have stated more than once that the notion of a Moldovan language and a Romanian language reflects the same linguistic phenomenon in essence." The President of Moldova Vladimir Voronin acknowledged that the two languages are identical, but said that Moldovans should have the right to call their language "Moldovan".
In the 2004 census, of the 3.38 million people living in Moldova, 60% identified Moldovan as their native language; 16.5% chose Romanian. While 37% of all urban Romanian/Moldovan speakers identified Romanian as their native language, in the countryside 86% of the Romanian/Moldovan speakers indicated Moldovan, a historic holdover. Independent studies found a Moldovan linguistic identity asserted in particular by the rural population and post-Soviet political class. In a survey conducted in four villages near the border with Romania, when asked about their native language the interviewees identified the following: Moldovan 53%, Romanian 44%, Russian 3%.
In November 2007, when reporting on EU Council deliberations regarding an agreement between the European Community and Moldova, the Romanian reporter Jean Marin Marinescu included a recommendation to avoid formal references to the "Moldovan language". The Romanian press speculated that the EU banned the usage of the phrase "Moldovan language". However, the European Commissioner for External Relations and European Neighbourhood Policy, Benita Ferrero-Waldner, denied these allegations. They said that the Moldovan language is referred to in the 1998 Cooperation Agreement between the EU and Moldova, and hence it is considered a part of the acquis, binding to all member states.
Orthography
The language was generally written in a Romanian Cyrillic alphabet (based on the Old Church Slavonic alphabet) before the 19th century. Both Cyrillic and, rarely, Latin, were used until after World War I; after Bessarabia was included in Romania in 1918, the Cyrillic alphabet was officially forbidden in the region. In the interwar period, Soviet authorities in the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic alternately used Latin or Cyrillic for writing the language, mirroring the political goals of the moment. Between 1940 and 1989, i.e., during Soviet rule, the new Moldovan Cyrillic alphabet replaced Latin as the official alphabet in Moldova (then Moldavian SSR). In 1989, the Latin script was once again adopted in Moldova by Law 3462 of 31 August 1989, which provided rules for transliterating Cyrillic to Latin, along with the orthographic rules used in Romania at the time. Transnistria, however, uses the Cyrillic alphabet.
Though not immediately adopting these, the Academy of Sciences of Moldova acknowledged both the Romanian Academy's decision of 1993 and the orthographic reform of 2005. In 2000, the Moldovan Academy recommended adopting the spelling rules used in Romania, and in 2010 launched a schedule for the transition to the new rules that was completed in 2011 (regarding its publications). However, these changes were not implemented by Moldova's Ministry of Education, so the old orthographic conventions were maintained in the education sector such as in school textbooks.
On 17 October 2016, Minister of Education Corina Fusu signed Order No. 872 on the application of the revised spelling rules as adopted by the Moldovan Academy of Sciences, coming into force on the day of signing. Since then the spelling used by institutions subordinated to the Ministry of Education is in line with the spelling norms used in Romania since 1993. This order, however, has no application to other government institutions, nor has Law 3462 been amended to reflect these changes; thus, those institutions continue to use the old spelling.
Phonology
Consonants
Vowels
Distinguishing features
See also
Eastern Romance substratum
Legacy of the Roman Empire
Moldova–Romania relations
Thraco-Roman
The Balkan language area
Notes
References
Further reading
– About the identity of the contemporary Moldovans in the context of debates about their language.
External links
Chase Faucheux, "Language classification and manipulation in Romania and Moldova", thesis, 2006, Louisiana State University
Eleonora Rusnac, "Translation of Russian loans and irregularities of the spoken language in the Republic of Moldova", Association of Professional Translators of Moldova
"Moldova", Ethnologue report
Academy of Sciences of Moldova
Eastern Romance languages
Romanian language
Languages of Moldova
The 1st (United Kingdom) Division, formerly known as the 1st (United Kingdom) Armoured Division and the 1st Division, is a division of the British Army.
Divisional history (1809–1959)
The 1st Division was formed following the disbandment of the 1st Infantry Division and was initially based with the British Army of the Rhine at Verden an der Aller in West Germany.
Cold War
During the 1970s, the division consisted of two "square" brigades, the 7th Armoured Brigade and 22nd Armoured Brigade. It became the 1st Armoured Division in 1976 and served with I (BR) Corps being based at Caithness and Shiel Barracks in Verden in Germany from 1978. After being briefly reorganised into two "task forces" ("Alpha" and "Bravo") in the late 1970s, it consisted of the 7th Armoured Brigade, the 12th Armoured Brigade and 22nd Armoured Brigade in the 1980s. The divisional badge dates from 1983, and combines the hollow red triangular "spearhead" badge of the 1st Infantry Division with the charging rhinoceros badge of 1st Armoured Division as displayed in the Second World War.
Gulf War
The headquarters of the division was deployed to Saudi Arabia in 1990 to command British land forces in the Gulf War. It had the 4th Armoured Brigade and 7th Armoured Brigade under command. During the war, it came under the US VII Corps and was part of the great armoured left-hook that destroyed many Iraqi Republican Guard formations. The two brigades in the division alternated heading the advance. The division participated in the Battle of Norfolk. During this engagement it destroyed several companies of Iraqi T-55 tanks. After 48 hours of combat, the division destroyed or isolated four Iraqi infantry divisions (the 26th, 48th, 31st, and 25th) and overran the Iraqi 52nd Armoured Division in several sharp engagements. The division traveled 217 miles in 97 hours. It captured or destroyed about 300 tanks and a very large number of armoured personnel carriers, trucks, reconnaissance vehicles, etc. The division also took over 7,000 Iraqi prisoners of war including two division commanders and two other general officers.
1993 to 2020
In 1993, HQ 1st Armoured Division was disbanded and the 1st (UK) Armoured Division formed from the 4th Armoured Division. The headquarters were established at Wentworth Barracks in Herford, Germany, in 1993. In 1994 it had the 4th, 7th, and 20th Armoured Brigades, each with two armoured regiments with Challenger tanks and two Warrior‐equipped armoured infantry battalions and an AS90 self‐propelled howitzer regiment.
The divisional headquarters was deployed in command of the Multi-National Division (South-West) in Bosnia in 1996–1997 and 1998–1999.
The Division headquarters again deployed to the Persian Gulf area in 2003. It again commanded British forces in the area, this time with three full brigades under its control. Those were 7th Armoured Brigade again, along with 16 Air Assault Brigade, and 3 Commando Brigades. In a combined arms operation, the division secured southern Iraq, including the city of Basra during the invasion. It came under I Marine Expeditionary Force during the 2003 conflict.
Under Army 2020, the division was renamed 1st (United Kingdom) Division in July 2014 and given responsibility for commanding the Adaptable Force; and then in June 2015, the divisional headquarters moved to Imphal Barracks in York.
Future
Under the Future Soldier programme, the divisional headquarters will move from their current base at Imphal Barracks in York to Catterick Garrison not before 2028. In addition, the 2nd Medical Brigade (to be reduced to 2nd Medical Group) and 1st Military Police Brigade (to be reduced to 1st Royal Military Provost Group) will both move under control of Commander Field Army.
Organisation
The brigades currently assigned to the division are:
4th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters North East, at Peronne Lines, Catterick Garrison
7th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters East, at Kendrew Barracks, Cottesmore
11th Security Force Assistance Brigade, at Roebuck House, Aldershot Garrison
51st Infantry Brigade and Headquarters Scotland, at Redford Barracks, Edinburgh
8th Engineer Brigade, at Gibraltar Barracks, Minley
102nd Logistic Brigade, at Prince William of Gloucester Barracks, Grantham
2nd Medical Brigade, at Queen Elizabeth Barracks, Strensall
1st Military Police Brigade, at Marlborough Lines, Andover (since 1 December 2020)
See also
List of commanders of the British 1st Division
British Forces Germany
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
Further reading
External links
1st (UK) Division – on British Army official website
British Army Locations from 1945 British Army Locations from 1945
Armed Forces
Armoured divisions of the British Army in World War II
British armoured divisions
British forces in Germany
1939 establishments in the United Kingdom
Military units and formations of the British Empire in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1960
The food industry is a complex, global network of diverse businesses that supplies most of the food consumed by the world's population. The term food industries cover a series of industrial activities directed at the production, distribution, processing, conversion, preparation, preservation, transport, certification and packaging of foodstuffs. The food industry today has become highly diversified, with manufacturing ranging from small, traditional, family-run activities that are highly labor-intensive, to large, capital-intensive and highly mechanized industrial processes. Many food industries depend almost entirely on local agriculture, produce, or fishing.
It is challenging to find an inclusive way to cover all aspects of food production and sale. The UK Food Standards Agency describes it as "the whole food industry – from farming and food production, packaging and distribution, to retail and catering." The Economic Research Service of the USDA uses the term food system to describe the same thing, stating: "The U.S. food system is a complex network of farmers and the industries that link to them. Those links include makers of farm equipment and chemicals as well as firms that provide services to agribusinesses, such as providers of transportation and financial services. The system also includes the food marketing industries that link farms to consumers, and which include food and fiber processors, wholesalers, retailers, and foodservice establishments." The food industry includes:
Agriculture: raising crops, livestock, and seafood. Agricultural economics.
Manufacturing: agrichemicals, agricultural construction, farm machinery and supplies, seed, etc.
Food processing: preparation of fresh products for market, and manufacture of prepared food products
Marketing: promotion of generic products (e.g., milk board), new products, advertising, marketing campaigns, packaging, public relations, etc.
Wholesale and food distribution: logistics, transportation, warehousing
Foodservice (which includes catering)
Grocery, farmers' markets, public markets and other retailing
Regulation: local, regional, national, and international rules and regulations for food production and sale, including food quality, food security, food safety, marketing/advertising, and industry lobbying activities
Education: academic, consultancy, vocational
Research and development: food science, food microbiology, food technology, food chemistry, and food engineering
Financial services: credit, insurance
Areas of research such as food grading, food preservation, food rheology, food storage directly deal with the quality and maintenance of quality overlapping many of the above processes.
Only subsistence farmers, those who survive on what they grow, and hunter-gatherers can be considered outside the scope of the modern food industry.
The dominant companies in the food industry have sometimes been referred to as Big Food, a term coined by the writer Neil Hamilton.
Food production
Most food produced for the food industry comes from commodity crops using conventional agricultural practices. Agriculture is the process of producing food, feeding products, fiber and other desired products by the cultivation of certain plants and the raising of domesticated animals (livestock). On average, 83% of the food consumed by humans is produced using terrestrial agriculture. Other food sources include aquaculture and fishing.
Scientists, inventors, and others devoted to improving farming methods and implements are also said to be engaged in agriculture. One in three people worldwide are employed in agriculture, yet it only contributes 3% to global GDP. In 2017, on average, agriculture contributes 4% of national GDPs. Global agricultural production is responsible for between 14 and 28% of global greenhouse gas emissions, making it one of the largest contributors to global warming, in large part due to conventional agricultural practices, including nitrogen fertilizers and poor land management.
Agronomy is the science and technology of producing and using plants for food, fuel, fibre, and land reclamation. Agronomy encompasses work in the areas of plant genetics, plant physiology, meteorology, and soil science. Agronomy is the application of a combination of sciences. Agronomists today are involved with many issues including producing food, creating healthier food, managing the environmental impact of agriculture, and extracting energy from plants.
Food processing
Food processing includes the methods and techniques used to transform raw ingredients into food for human consumption. Food processing takes clean, harvested or slaughtered and butchered components and uses them to produce marketable food products. There are several different ways in which food can be produced.
One-off production: This method is used when customers make an order for something to be made to their own specifications, for example, a wedding cake. The making of one-off products could take days depending on how intricate the design is.
Batch production: This method is used when the size of the market for a product is not clear, and where there is a range within a product line. A certain number of the same goods will be produced to make up a batch or run, for example a bakery may bake a limited number of cupcakes. This method involves estimating consumer demand.
Mass production: This method is used when there is a mass market for a large number of identical products, for example chocolate bars, ready meals and canned food. The product passes from one stage of production to another along a production line.
Just-in-time (JIT) (production): This method of production is mainly used in restaurants. All components of the product are available in-house and the customer chooses what they want in the product. It is then prepared in a kitchen, or in front of the buyer as in sandwich delicatessens, pizzerias, and sushi bars.
Industry influence
The food industry has a large influence on consumerism. Organizations, such as The American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP), have been criticized for accepting monetary donations from companies within the food industry, such as Coca-Cola. These donations have been criticized for creating a conflict of interest and favoring an interest such as financial gains.
Criticism
There are a number of books, film, TV and web-related exposés and critiques of the food industry, including:
Eat This, Not That (nonfiction series published in Men's Health magazine)
Fast Food Nation (2001 nonfiction book)
Chew On This (2005 book adaptation of Fast Food Nation for younger readers)
Fast Food Nation (2006 documentary film)
Food, Inc. (2008 documentary film)
Panic Nation (2006 nonfiction book)
Super Size Me (2004 documentary film)
Forks over Knives (2011 documentary film)
The Jungle (1906 novel by Upton Sinclair that exposed health violations and unsanitary practices in the American meat packing industry during the early 20th century, based on their investigation for a socialist newspaper)
Policy
In 2020 scientists reported that reducing emissions from the global food system is essential to achieving the Paris Agreement's climate goals. In 2020, an evidence review for the European Union's Scientific Advice Mechanism found that, without significant change, emissions would increase by 30–40% by 2050 due to population growth and changing consumption patterns, and concluded that "the combined environmental cost of food production is estimated to amount to some $12 trillion per year, increasing to $16 trillion by 2050". The IPCC's and the EU's reports concluded that adapting the food system to reduce greenhouse gas emissions impacts and food security concerns, while shifting towards a sustainable diet, is feasible.
Regulation
Since World War II, agriculture in the United States and the entire national food system in its entirety has been characterized by models that focus on monetary profitability at the expense of social and environmental integrity. Regulations exist to protect consumers and somewhat balance this economic orientation with public interests for food quality, food security, food safety, animal well-being, environmental protection and health.
Proactive guidance
In 2020 researchers published projections and models of potential impacts of policy-dependent mechanisms of modulation, or lack thereof, of how, where, and what food is produced. They analyzed policy-effects for specific regions or nations such as reduction of meat production and consumption, reductions in food waste and loss, increases in crop yields and international land-use planning. Their conclusions include that raising agricultural yields is highly beneficial for biodiversity-conservation in sub-Saharan Africa while measures leading to shifts of diets are highly beneficial in North America and that global coordination and rapid action are necessary.
Wholesale and distribution
A vast global cargo network connects the numerous parts of the industry. These include suppliers, manufacturers, warehousers, retailers and the end consumers.) Wholesale markets for fresh food products have tended to decline in importance in urbanizing countries, including Latin America and some Asian countries as a result of the growth of supermarkets, which procure directly from farmers or through preferred suppliers, rather than going through markets.
The constant and uninterrupted flow of product from distribution centers to store locations is a critical link in food industry operations. Distribution centers run more efficiently, throughput can be increased, costs can be lowered, and manpower better utilized if the proper steps are taken when setting up a material handling system in a warehouse.
Retail
With worldwide urbanization, food buying is increasingly removed from food production. During the 20th century, the supermarket became the defining retail element of the food industry. There, tens of thousands of products are gathered in one location, in continuous, year-round supply.
Food preparation is another area where the change in recent decades has been dramatic. Today, two food industry sectors are in apparent competition for the retail food dollar. The grocery industry sells fresh and largely raw products for consumers to use as ingredients in home cooking. The food service industry, by contrast, offers prepared food, either as finished products or as partially prepared components for final "assembly". Restaurants, cafes, bakeries and mobile food trucks provide opportunities for consumers to purchase food.
In the 21st century online grocery stores emerged and digital technologies for community-supported agriculture have enabled farmers to directly sell produce. Some online grocery stores have voluntarily set social goals or values beyond meeting consumer demand and the accumulation of profit.
Food industry technologies
Modern food production is defined by sophisticated technologies. These include many areas. Agricultural machinery, originally led by the tractor, has practically eliminated human labor in many areas of production. Biotechnology is driving much change, in areas as diverse as agrochemicals, plant breeding and food processing. Many other types of technology are also involved, to the point where it is hard to find an area that does not have a direct impact on the food industry. As in other fields, computer technology is also a central force.
Marketing
As consumers grow increasingly removed from food production, the role of product creation, advertising, and publicity become the primary vehicles for information about food. With processed food as the dominant category, marketers have almost infinite possibilities in product creation. Of the food advertised to children on television 73% is fast or convenience foods.
Labor and education
Until the last 100 years, agriculture was labor-intensive. Farming was a common occupation and millions of people were involved in food production. Farmers, largely trained from generation to generation, carried on the family business. That situation has changed dramatically today. In America in 1870, 70–80% of the US population was employed in agriculture. , less than 2% of the population is directly employed in agriculture, and about 80% of the population lives in cities.
By country
Food industry in Azerbaijan
Food industry of Russia
Ministry of Agriculture and Food Industry (Moldova)
Department of Agriculture, Food and the Marine (Ireland)
See also
Agroindustry
Agricultural expansion
Dietary supplement
Factory farming
Food fortification, also called Nutrification
Geography of food
Local food
Ultra-processed food
References
Further reading
Nelson, Scott Reynolds. Oceans of Grain: How American Wheat Remade the World (2022) excerpt
534 pages.
448 pages.
836 pages.
301 pages.
Food Fight: The Inside Story of the Food Industry
External links
Mass production
Industries (economics)
Jason Michael Coday (born February 7, 1978) is a man from Vernal, Utah. On May 15, 2007, they were convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Simone Yung Kim behind the Fred Meyer store in Juneau, Alaska on August 4, 2006. It was the city's first murder in five years.
History
Coday was a drifter doing odd jobs. The week before Kim's death, they had worked in Ketchikan, Alaska at a fish processing plant; they had planned to do similar work in Juneau.
Two months prior to Kim's death, they had been accused of a similar gun crime in Nevada, when they allegedly harassed the Top family in Sandy Valley. Upon being arrested, they were found with methamphetamine (which they admitted to having used when questioned by police) and marijuana in addition to a sawed-off shotgun and ammunition.  They are a registered felon in that state. Coday skipped bail and a warrant for their arrest was issued in July 2006.
Coday came to Juneau on August 2, 2006 aboard the Alaska Marine Highway System ferry M/V Matanuska. That same day, they are believed to have illegally taken a gun from Rayco Sales, a Juneau gun store located across Egan Drive from Fred Meyer, leaving $200 on the counter. They also bought ammunition at the Fred Meyer store using cash. The murder of Simone Yung Kim, a painting contractor from Anchorage who was involved in construction work occurring at the store, was apparently a random act of violence. Coday allegedly shot Kim in the face and continued to shoot the victim using two more rounds of ammunition. Juneau resident Ed Buyarski attempted to take the gun from Coday but the latter escaped into the woods behind the store. Buyarski, whose training in hunting had included muzzle control, notified the police. On July 19, they were awarded a commendation from the Alaska Peace Officers Association for their actions.
Trial details
Coday's bail had been set at $1 million. The trial, State of Alaska v. Coday, began on Monday, May 7, 2007. The defense attempted to have Coday's arrest and the gathering of evidence in the case deemed illegal, due to inconsistencies in witnesses' description of the suspect at the time of the arrest, but Juneau-based Alaska Superior Court Judge Michael Thompson decided against the motion.
Jury selection began on May 8 and concluded the following day. Testimony lasted from May 10 and ended on May 15, when the jury began deliberation. The prosecution used the testimony of two Fred Meyer workers who witnessed the killing. In addition, the owner of Rayco Sales, Ray Coxe, testified that Coday had illegally taken a Ruger 10/22 .22-caliber rifle from the store and left two $100 bills on the counter. The rifle was identified as the murder weapon. DNA evidence pointed to Coday as the killer with the odds of an error being about 1 in 49 billion. Tracks from Coday's shoes at the crime scene were another factor.
Upon the reading of the verdict, Coday head-butted their own attorney, public defender David Seid, and was taken out of the courtroom. Coday received 99 years in prison for Kim's death, and an additional two years for weapons misconduct, for sawing off the end of the murder weapon. They will be eligible for parole in 2046. The Juneau Empire reported on July 31, 2008 that Kim's family filed a wrongful death lawsuit against both Coday and Coxe. Court documents filed in the suit allege that Coxe should have known better than to leave Coday alone in the store with the firearm they wound up stealing.
See also
Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act
References
1978 births
American people convicted of murder
Living people
People convicted of murder by Alaska
Prisoners and detainees of Alaska
People from Vernal, Utah
The SpongeBob SquarePants film series consists of American-made animated/live-action children's-comedies, based on and a continuation of the animated television series of the same name. The films are distributed by Paramount Pictures. The films feature the regular television voice cast: Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Mr. Lawrence, Jill Talley, Carolyn Lawrence, Mary Jo Catlett and Lori Alan.
Plans for a film based on the series began in 2001 when Nickelodeon and Paramount Pictures began approaching series creator Stephen Hillenburg for a theatrical feature. They initially refused their offers, but began developing it in 2002 upon completion of the show's third season. Hillenburg directed the film, titled The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, which was theatrically released in the United States on November 19, 2004, to critical and commercial success. It was originally planned to act as the series finale, but the series success led to the production of more episodes. Sponge Out of Water, directed by former showrunner Paul Tibbitt, followed in 2015. A third film, Sponge on the Run, was directed by former show writer Tim Hill and released in 2020.
As of February 2022, four additional films were announced to be in development, including a fourth theatrical SpongeBob SquarePants film, and three spinoff films being developed for streaming release exclusively on Paramount+.
Films
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie (2004)
In this live-action animated comedy, Plankton's plan is to steal King Neptune's crown and send it to the dangerous Shell City, and then frame Mr. Krabs for the crime. SpongeBob and Patrick must journey to Shell City while facing several perils along the way to retrieve the crown to save Mr. Krabs from Neptune's wrath and Bikini Bottom from Plankton's tyranny.
The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water (2015)
The plot follows a pirate named Burger Beard (Antonio Banderas), who steals the Krabby Patty secret formula using a magical book that makes any text written upon it come true. After Bikini Bottom turns into an apocalyptic cesspool and the citizens turn against SpongeBob, they must team up with Plankton to find the formula and save Bikini Bottom. Later, SpongeBob, Patrick, Squidward, Mr. Krabs, Sandy and Plankton must travel to the surface to confront Burger Beard and get the formula back before Bikini Bottom is completely destroyed.
The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge on the Run (2020)
A third film was released in Canadian theatres on August 14, 2020 followed by a limited video on demand release and Paramount+ release on March 4, 2021. The film was directed by Tim Hill, who also wrote the screenplay with Michael Kvamme from a story by Aaron Springer, Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger. The show's principal voice actors—Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Mr. Lawrence, Jill Talley, Carolyn Lawrence, Mary Jo Catlett and Lori Alan— reprised their roles. The film depicts how SpongeBob met their friends for the first time at a summer camp while saving Gary. The film uses full CGI animation provided by Mikros Image for underwater sequences. On January 23, 2019, it was confirmed that production on the film had officially begun.
Future
Untitled fourth SpongeBob film (TBA)
In August 2021, Nickelodeon CEO Brian Robbins, mentioned that "there's a new SpongeBob [film] in the works". A fourth film was officially confirmed in February 2022, with a targeted theatrical release of the film.
Spinoff films
In February 2022, it was announced that three character spinoff films were in development with intended streaming releases exclusively on Paramount+. The first untitled film is scheduled to release in 2023.
Saving Bikini Bottom (TBA)
In May 2021, a spin-off Sandy Cheeks feature film was announced to be in development from Nickelodeon for streaming television, to be directed by Liza Johnson from a script written by Kaz and Tom J. Stern and described as a hybrid feature that will put the animated title character into a live-action setting. On August 12, 2021, the title of the movie was revealed as Saving Bikini Bottom.
In August 2021, it was revealed that plans to film Saving Bikini Bottom in Los Alamos were scrapped due to rewrites of the script.
Cast and characters
A dark grey cell indicates that the character does not appear in the film.
Production
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
Nickelodeon and Paramount Pictures had approached SpongeBob SquarePants creator Stephen Hillenburg for a film based on the show as early as 2001, but they refused for more than a year. They were concerned, after watching The Iron Giant and Toy Story with their son, about the challenge of SpongeBob and Patrick doing something more cinematically consequential and inspiring without losing what they called the SpongeBob "cadence." They said, on a break from season four post-production, "To do a 75-minute movie about SpongeBob wanting to make some jellyfish jelly would be a mistake, I think [...] This had to be SpongeBob in a great adventure. That's where the comedy's coming from, having these two naïve characters, SpongeBob and Patrick, a doofus and an idiot, on this incredibly dangerous heroic odyssey with all the odds against them." The writers decided to write a mythical hero's quest for the 2004 film: the search for a stolen crown, which brings SpongeBob and Patrick to the surface. Of the plot, Bill Fagerbakke (the voice of Patrick) said, "It's just nutting. I'm continually dazzled and delighted with what these guys came up with."
Production on the first film began in 2002 after Hillenburg and the show's staff completed the third season. A tongue-in-cheek announcement of the film's plot from early on stated that it would feature SpongeBob rescuing Patrick from a fisherman in Florida. This was intended as a humorous reference to Finding Nemo and was later confirmed by Tom Kenny (the voice of SpongeBob) to be a "joke" plot to keep fans busy. Hillenburg wrote the film with five other writer-animators from the show (Paul Tibbitt, Derek Drymon, Aaron Springer, Kent Osborne and Tim Hill) over a three-month period in a room of a former Glendale, California bankit, and also directed and produced the film. Osborne said, "It was hugely fun [...] although it did get kind of gamy in there.".
The first film was intended to be the series finale; Hillenburg wanted to end the franchise after the movie was completed so it "wouldn't jump the shark". However, Nickelodeon desired more episodes due to the franchise's growing popularity. Hillenburg stated: "Well, there was concern when we did the movie [in 2004] that the show had peaked. There were concerns among executives at Nickelodeon." As a result, Hillenburg resigned as the series' showrunner, appointing writer, director, and storyboard artist Paul Tibbitt to succeed him. Hillenburg still remained involved with the series, reviewing each episode and submitting suggestions.
The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water
In 2010, The New York Times reported that Nickelodeon had approached the show's crew to make a second film. The network hoped to give itself and the global franchise "a boost" by releasing another film. The Los Angeles Times reported that Paramount had "another SpongeBob picture" in development in March 2011. Philippe Dauman, then president and CEO of Paramount and Viacom, announced on February 28, 2012, that a sequel film was in development and slated for a late 2014 release. Dauman added that the film "will serve to start off or be one of our films that starts off our new animation effort." Nickelodeon expected the film to do much better in foreign box office than the 2004 feature, given its increasingly global reach. Dauman said, "This will continue to propel SpongeBob internationally."
Production on the second movie was announced on June 10, 2014. Stephen Hillenburg returned to act as the film's executive producer, and contributed to the story of the film.
The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge on the Run
In a February 2015 interview discussing The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water success at the box office, Megan Colligan, president of worldwide distribution and marketing at Paramount Pictures, stated the possibility of a third film was "a good bet." In another interview, Paramount vice-chairperson Rob Moore remarked, "Hopefully, it won't take 10 years to make another film," in reference to the time passed between The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie (2004) and its 2015 sequel. Later in 2015, it was revealed that Paramount was developing sequels to its franchises, including another SpongeBob film.
The film was initially scheduled for release theatrically in 2019, before being delayed to 2020. The film later had its theatrical run cancelled due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and instead released on video on demand and Paramount+. The film had an exclusive theatrical run in Canada on August 14, 2020, and premiered on Netflix three months later in international countries. By January 2016, Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger had been hired to write the film. In April 2018, the film's official title was revealed as The SpongeBob Movie: It's a Wonderful Sponge, and SpongeBob co-developer Tim Hill was announced as director and writer for the film. On November 12, 2019, it was revealed that the film's title was changed from It's a Wonderful Sponge to Sponge on the Run.
Reception
Box office performance
Critical and public reception
Additional crew and production details
References
Film series introduced in 2004
Animated film series
Paramount Pictures franchises
Comedy film series
Children's film series
Vista Transit Center is a station located in Vista, California, served by North County Transit District's SPRINTER light rail line and BREEZE bus line. The station is located midpoint between the rail line's western terminus at Oceanside Transit Center and eastern terminus at Escondido Transit Center. A preview Sprinter service stopped at Vista Transit Center on December 28, 2007, and regular service commenced March 9, 2008.
Platforms and tracks
References
External links
SPRINTER Stations
North County Transit District stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2008
Vista, California
2008 establishments in California
Shenton Way Bus Terminal (Malay: Pertukaran Bus Shenton Way; Chinese:珊顿道巴士终站) is a bus terminal in Singapore. It is located along its namesake road, Shenton Way, in Downtown Core. The first iteration of the bus terminal was opened on 20 June 1987, before being relocated twice in order to make way for other development works. The bus terminal was first moved to Palmer Road in 2010, before being shifted to its present location along Shenton Way in 2017.
History
Original terminal
The original Shenton Way Bus Terminal was designed and built by the former Public Works Department (now CPG Corporation) at an unspecified location under a viaduct carrying the East Coast Parkway. Its location was seen by The Straits Times as unusual, as no other bus terminals were being built under viaducts at the time.
The bus terminal was later transferred to the Ministry of Communications and Information on 20 June 1987, in a ceremony presided by Ho Kah Leong, and began operations towards the end of the month.
First relocation
The bus terminal was first relocated to Palmer Road on 26 April 2010 to make way for the construction of the Marina Coastal Expressway. However, as the bus terminal itself was not open to the public, commuters had to disembark or board buses at two bus stops in front of the bus terminal (one for alighting only; the other for boarding only) due to restrictions imposed on the public against entering the bus terminal premises.
Second relocation
Initially announced in October 2015, the bus terminal was then relocated again to Shenton Way on 25 June 2017 to make way for the construction of Prince Edward Road MRT station, as part of the Circle line Stage 6 extension scheduled to be completed by 2026. CCECC Singapore Pte Ltd was selected to construct the relocated bus terminal as part of Contract 8812. Existing bus services were amended to serve the relocated bus terminal on that day, skipping Palmer Road entirely. Unlike the Palmer Road terminal, the new terminal allows boarding within the terminal itself; however, alighting from buses continues to be performed at a separate bus stop, also located in front of the bus terminal. The relocated bus terminal also features new amenities that were not present in the Palmer Road terminal, such as a priority queue zone, bicycle parking lots and an air-conditioned staff lounge.
References
Bus stations in Singapore
Old Town, also known as the Thomas Brown House, is a house in Franklin, Tennessee, United States, at the Old Town Archeological Site that was built by Thomas Brown starting in 1846. It is a two-story frame structure built on an "I-House" plan, an example of vernacular architecture showing Greek Revival influences. The Thomas Brown House is among the best two-story vernacular I-house examples in the county (along with the William King House, the Alpheus Truett House, the Claiborne Kinnard House, the Beverly Toon House, and the Stokely Davis House).
It was located on the Harpeth River branch of the Natchez Trace.
Singer Jimmy Buffett owned the house in the late 1980s.
It is built amidst and named for, Old Town, a village site of Mississippian culture with mounds. It is located near Old Town Bridge, the remains of a Natchez Trace bridge.
Original Owner
Thomas Brown was born in Virginia in 1800 and moved to Williamson County, Tennessee, in 1822. Brown became a prominent farmer and purchased a large amount of land from William O'Neal Perkins in 1840. Brown began construction of this two-story frame house in 1846 with builder Prior Lilly acting as contractor. Little is known about Lilly but they are also the attributed contractor of the H.G.W. Mayberry House (MW-676), a brick central passage plan residence built ca. 1856. Thomas Brown was listed in 1860 with real estate valued at $25,000 and personal property of $34.500. At their death in 1870, they owned 546 acres of valuable land along the Harpeth River. Brown had six children and their daughter, Bethenia Brown Miller, lived at the house until their death in 1913.
Exterior
Old Town is a two-story frame central passage plan antebellum residence with Greek Revival detailing. On the main (east) facade is an original two-story portico with square columns and Doric capitals. On the second story balcony is a lattice railing and in the gable field is dentil molding. The main entrance has an original four panel frame doors, two light sidelights with frame lower panels, and a two light transom. Dividing the door and sidelights are fluted Doric motif plasters. The door has rectangular frame panels and a dentilled cornice.
On the central bay of the second story is an original door with features to match the main entrance. Windows on the main facade are original paired four-over-four sash with 19th century shutters. Over the windows are dentiled cornices and dentils are also located along the roof cornice. The house has weatherboard siding, exterior end brick chimneys, a gable roof of composition shingles, and a stone foundation. On the south facade are original four panel doors which open onto a ca. 1960 one-story porch with square Doric motif columns. The rear two-story ell also has a brick chimney. The rear and side facades have original six-over-six sash windows.
References
Greek Revival houses in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1846
Houses in Franklin, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Williamson County, Tennessee
Jens Harald Christensen (4 January 1884 – 8 August 1959) was a Greco-Roman wrestler from Denmark. They won a world title in 1907, placing third in 1908 and 1910. They also held European titles in 1909 and 1911. They competed at the 1908 and 1912 Summer Olympics, but finished outside the podium.
Domestically Christensen held the Danish middleweight title in 1907–14. In 1909 they turned professional, and in 1915 immigrated to the United States where they worked as a wrestling and swimming coach at the University of Iowa. There they were known under the name Harold Mike Howard.
References
External links
1884 births
1959 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Denmark
Wrestlers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Danish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Copenhagen
World Wrestling Champions
Olpe may refer to
Olpe (container), an Ancient Greek jug for wine
Olpe, Kansas, a city in Kansas, United States
Olpe, Germany, a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
Olpe (district), a Kreis (district) of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
Olpe (Bigge), a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, tributary of the Bigge
Olpe (Hundem), a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, tributary of the Hundem
Padang Gajah is a small village in Perak, Malaysia. This small village is located at Terong near Taiping.
Notable birthplace
Yusof Ishak – Second Yang di-Pertuan Negara of Singapore (1959–1965) and the First President of the Republic of Singapore (1965–1970)
Villages in Perak
William Thornton Blue (1902 – 1968), sometimes credited as Bill Blue, was an American jazz reed player.
Blue grew up playing in local bands in St. Louis, Missouri, where their father was a part-time music instructor. They played with Wilson Robinson's Bostonians, a territory band, and worked with Charlie Creath and Dewey Jackson in the middle of the 1920s. Later that decade they worked with Andrew Preer's Cotton Club Orchestra in New York City and on tour in Europe as a member of Noble Sissle's ensemble. They remained in Paris briefly, playing with John Ricks.
When they returned to New York, they joined The Missourians, led by Cab Calloway, then worked with Luis Russell. Due to failing health, Blue played little in the late 1930s and afterwards; they spent the last several years of their life in a sanatorium.
References
Eugene Chadbourne, [ William Thornton Blue] at AllMusic
1902 births
1968 deaths
American jazz clarinetists
American jazz musicians
Jazz musicians from Missouri
20th-century American musicians
Musicians from St. Louis
XDF may refer to:
Extensible Data Format
Hubble eXtreme Deep Field
IBM Extended Density Format
Xonotic DeFRaG
Latin American migration to the United Kingdom dates back to the early 19th century. However, up until the 1970s, when political and civil unrest became rife in many Latin American countries, the United Kingdom's Latin American community was not particularly large. Economic migration to the United Kingdom has since increased. Brazilian and Colombian-born residents are the two largest groups standing at 95,000 and 36,000 respectively as of 2019. A number of refugees and asylum seekers moved to the UK during the late 20th century, however, since the turn of the millennium, Latin Americans have been migrating to the UK for a wide range of reasons and at present the community consists of people from all walks of life. The UK is also home to British-born people of Latin American ancestry. During the 2008–2014 Spanish financial crisis, Britain also became one of the favourite European destinations for some of the roughly 1.4 million Latin Americans who had acquired Spanish citizenship.
History and settlement
Early presence of political figures
Latin Americans have inhabited what is now the United Kingdom for centuries, albeit in much smaller numbers than there are currently. The earliest migrants date back to the late 18th century/ early 19th century, these were politicians and writers who were living largely in London in hope of raising funds for weapons to help free Latin America from Spanish and Portuguese rule. The reason for London being a prime choice for such individuals to temporarily reside in is that Britain was quite happy to support them and see the Spanish Empire weaken as the British Empire continued to grow across the world. Simón Bolívar who played a key role in the Spanish–American War of independence visited London for six months in 1810 as leader of a diplomatic mission. Bolívar's forerunner Venezuelan-born Francisco de Miranda spent fourteen years of their life as a political exile in the British capital, originally a member of the Spanish Navy they made a decision to help free Latin America after witnessing the American War of Independence. de Miranda was a close ally of British Prime Minister William Pitt, and after several meetings between the two Pitt pledged money from the British government to help Latin America in their war of independence. Within a matter of years many Latin American countries gained independence and many Latin American political figures remained in London in a bid to search for loans to aid the development of their respective new nations. It wasn't only political figures who took advantage of London's welcoming and safe environment, many Latin American writers who would most likely have been executed or imprisoned for their work in their native lands, published their work in the UK, good examples of this being the Brazilian Hippolyto da Costa and the Colombian Juan Garcia del Rio.
Exiles and refugees after 1970
The first significant and large wave of migration from Latin America to the United Kingdom occurred in the 1970s; the Immigration Act 1971 was just one factor that acted as a catalyst for this phenomenon. Prior to 1971, there were strict rules in place that only allowed residents of current or former British overseas territories and colonies to be granted work permits etc. in the mainland UK. This change in legislation made it much easier for Latin Americans and other such groups to gain a right to live and work in the UK. From this point onwards, the Latin American community in the UK began to grow with the arrival of migrant workers and refugees escaping oppressive political regimes. Some 2,500 exiles from Chile were the first large group of Latin American migrants to the UK when they settled in London in the early 1970s; they consisted of business people, professors, and students who had fled their home country due to the ongoing political instability. Exiles included right wingers fleeing the rule of Salvador Allende and later leftists fleeing the Pinochet regime. Chile wasn't the only source of Latin American refugees in the 1970s and late 20th century in general, many individuals from the likes of Argentina, Bolivia, Colombia and Ecuador also requested the right for asylum in the UK. Argentina's military government (National Reorganization Process) which remained in power between 1976 and 1983 was another major push factor which contributed to large-scale Latin American refugee migration to the UK. Colombians are the largest Latin American group in the UK and they have been arriving in the thousands since the 1970s; most moved between 1986 and 1997 after they were forced from their homes due to guerrilla and paramilitary violence in Colombia. Through most of the 20th century, Britain was in fact the most favoured European destination for Colombian migrants and refugees, even ahead of Spain. Bolivians are a fairly small Latin American refugee group in the UK; during Bolivia's spell of political instability in the late 20th century many instead chose to make a new life for themselves in the United States or other South American nations. Despite this, the UK still to this day remains the second most popular destination for Bolivian migrants to Europe regardless of status. Cubans, although relatively small in number, have been migrating to the UK since the early 1960s, fleeing the Communist takeover of Cuba. Most migration happened during the Freedom Flights which started in 1965 when some Cubans chose the UK as an alternative to the United States.
Economic and recent migration
Demographics and population
Unlike the United States Census, the United Kingdom Census doesn't include a category for individuals to identify as 'Latin American' and it is therefore fairly difficult to know exactly how many British citizens or residents are of Latin American ethnic or national origin.
Official statistics on Latin American-born residents
According to the 2001 UK Census, 62,735 Latin Americans in the United Kingdom were born in their respective nations of origin. There were also a further 1,338 people who stated their birthplace as 'South or Central America' (note that not all South American countries are "Latin"). In 2009, the Office for National Statistics estimated that the number of Brazilian-born people in the UK alone had risen to around 60,000 and the number of Colombian-born to around 22,000. Estimates for other Latin American countries were not made because the sample size did not allow for estimation of the size of smaller groups with sufficient degree of accuracy.
Other population estimates
A number of other estimates of the population of Latin Americans in the UK are available. A detailed analysis was undertaken in May 2011 which estimated the population to be 186,500 in the UK, of which 113,500 were in London. This figure includes irregular and second generation Latin Americans.
Population distribution
According to a 2005 report by the Institute for Public Policy Research, based on data from the 2001 Census, the ten census tracts with the largest South American-born populations are all in London. Hyde Park had the highest number of South Americans, followed by Vauxhall North, Kensington, Chelsea, Vauxhall South, Regent's Park, Streatham North, Hammersmith, Streatham South, Hackney South, and Newham. Outside of London, the largest South American populations were to be found in Oxford, Cambridge, central Manchester, central Bristol, central Edinburgh and Milton Keynes. More recently, it has been suggested that Liverpool now has the UK's largest Latin American population outside London.
Latin Americans acquiring British citizenship
The table below shows the number of Latin Americans who acquired citizenship of the United Kingdom between 1997 and 2008; sorted alphabetically.
Cultural impact
Festivals
A number of festivals celebrate Latin American culture in the UK:
Brazilica Festival (Liverpool)
Carnaval del Pueblo (London)
Carnival de Cuba (London)
El Sueño Existe (Machynlleth)
Newspapers
A newspaper, Noticias Latin America (NLA), was published in London from 1992 until about 2008, but the newspaper ceased publication, and the company was struck off and dissolved in 2010.
Crónica Latina was probably one of the first Latin American newspapers in London, founded in 1984 by Juan Salgado, first published as Notas de Colombia before adopting the name 'Cronica Latinas' in 1986. The newspaper is no longer in circulation.
Social and political issues
Assimilation into British culture
Latin Americans residing in the UK often call themselves the "Invisibles", as a reflection of the lack of representation they have in the communities and the fact that there is no formal ethnic minority status for Latin Americans.
Economics and employment
85% of the Latin American community are employed, many are often in jobs they are over-qualified for, and very few take state benefits. Some 70% of Latin Americans residing in the UK have some form of education beyond the secondary level, however, they are 10 times more likely to work for less than the minimum wage. Often, emigrants who come to the country as lawyers or other skilled professions end up having to work in low level positions due to lack of opportunities. 40% of Latin American workers have claimed to experience workplace abuse and exploitation and 11% report being paid less than the national minimum wage – a proportion 10 times higher than the average rate for the British population.
Asylum seekers and refugees
Many Latin Americans have fled their home countries in search of safety and political asylum in the United Kingdom due to conflicts and civil wars, such as the ongoing Colombian armed conflict that began in 1964.
Notable individuals
See also
Latin Americans
Latin America–United Kingdom relations
Latin American diaspora
Foreign-born population of the United Kingdom
Migration from Latin America to Europe
Spaniards in the United Kingdom
Portuguese in the United Kingdom
British Latin American
References
External links
London Latin American Film Festival
Visit London - Latin American section
History of Latin Americans in the UK
Reassessing what we collect website – Central and South American London (History of Central and South American London with objects and images)
Mirror, Mirror is a television program co-produced by Australia and New Zealand. Presented as a single complete story given in a serial with 20 episodes, there are cliffhangers between some of the episodes.
Posie Graeme-Evans created the series, as well as being one of the executive producers. The other executive producers were Dorothee Pinfold and Ian Fairweather.
John Banas, one of the directors of the series, is the father of Michala Banas (who plays the role of "Louisa" in the series). The other director was Sophie Turkiewicz.
Co-writers for the series were Ray Harding, Greg Haddrick, Tony Morphett, Greg Millin, Katherine Thomson, Hilary Bell, Anthony Ellis, Ian Fairweather, Posie Graeme-Evans. The theme song, which was co-written by Chris Harriott (music) and Dennis Watkins (lyrics), was sung by Nadine Weinberger.
Cast
Major cast members (in credits order)
Petra Jared as Jo (Josephine) Tiegan
Michala Banas as Louisa Iredale
Nicholas Hooper as Nicholas
Peter Bensley as Andrew Tiegan
Judith McIntosh as Catherine Guthrie Tiegan
Michele Amas as Primrose Iredale
Gerald Bryan as Joshua Iredale
James Ashcroft as Tama Williams
Jeffrey Walker as Royce Tiegan
Jason Gascoigne as Titus Iredale
Nicholas Hammond as Sir Ivor Creevey-Thorne
Other cast members
Bernard Kearns as The Old Man
Miriama Smith as Ani
Judy Douglass as Mrs. Whitelaw
Stephen Butterworth as Bellamy Frid
Liza Jones as Jade Coigley
Donna Akersten as Leonie Coigley
David McKenzie as Dennis Coigley
Eddie Campbell as Campbell
Nicholas Leggett as Jesse
Carly Neemia as Mia
Plot
When fourteen-year-old Jo Tiegan is shopping with their father in 1995, they notice an antique shop which they feel a compulsion to go to. There they see a beautiful oval mirror, which they are given as a gift by the elderly owner of the shop, who comments that the mirror is meant for them Jo is delighted, and the mirror is placed in their bedroom. That night, Jo is stunned to see the image of another girl in the mirror, instead of their own reflection, and it is obvious that the other girl, Louisa Iredale (also fourteen years old), can see them just as clearly. Louisa is able to 'introduce' themselves to Jo by writing their name on a book for Jo to read. However, when Jo tries to write their name on the mirror to introduce themselves to Louisa, they are startled when the pen begins to disappear into the mirror. After Louisa is called away to dinner, Jo investigates the mystery and is accidentally pulled through the mirror into Louisa's bedroom in 1919. This leads to the discovery, by Jo and Louisa, that they can visit each other's times, through the mirror, any time they want to do so – provided that the mirror is situated in exactly the same place and that the mirror's alignment and orientation are identical within the mirror's frame, at corresponding moments in 1919 and 1995.
In 1919, Louisa's father is a senior official in the New Zealand Government's Health Department, and their family house is a mansion with servants. Jo, who is the daughter of the Australian school principal at a New Zealand college, lives in a school residential building which happens to be the same house as Louisa's family home, and the girls even have the same bedroom.
When Jo and Louisa meet, there is instant rapport between the two girls and they become firm friends, and life changes for them both as they become caught up in a web of intrigue. Following Jo's unexpected journey through the mirror, a hazardous situation occurs during an archaeological dig in a well at Jo's school, when a container they discover in the well is damaged and two of the students working nearby are accidentally sprayed with toxic waste. The affected students become extremely ill, and, when it is discovered that the container has the date 1919 on it, Jo is worried that their friends' sickness is their fault because of going through the mirror to 1919.
Back in 1919, Jo asks Louisa to help them find the container so that they can move it, to prevent the later disastrous events happening in 1995. The well is located in the yard of a neighbouring house which is rented by a British visitor to the area, Sir Ivor Creevey-Thorne. Jo and Louisa enter the yard and look down the well, but are disturbed in their actions by Sir Ivor Creevey-Thorne. Their activities are watched by a teenage boy, Nicholas, whom Sir Ivor had brought from Russia to New Zealand, under the guise of caring for the boy until the dangerous situation in Russia abated. Although Nicholas is grateful to Sir Ivor for their help, they are extremely worried about their family, whom they have not heard about for a long time, and is worried about the lack of information they receive whenever they ask Sir Ivor about them. Nicholas is also upset that Sir Ivor refuses to allow them to leave the house, or to have any friends of their own age.
When Nicholas manages to escape from the house, they go to Louisa's home, where they find Jo's encyclopedia (which Jo had brought through the mirror to show to Louisa and their brother Titus when they have to write an essay about the Roman Empire). Intrigued by colour photographs, Nicholas checks for information about the Russian Royal Family. To their horror, they read that Nicholas II, the Tsar of Russia, and their family, had been executed. When Jo and Louisa come into the room, Nicholas asks Jo where they got the book and demands that they tell them if the information is correct. Jo says that the book was given to them by their Dad and that the information is correct. Nicholas reveals to Jo and Louisa that they are Alexei Nikolaevich, the son of the Tsar, and that it is their family who had been executed. Sir Ivor's treachery is finally revealed. Instead of caring for Nicholas, Sir Ivor had actually brought Nicholas to New Zealand so that they could 'sell' Nicholas to the highest bidder – Russian Bolsheviks, who want to take Nicholas back to Russia with them so that Nicholas, the last surviving member of the Russian Royal Family, can be publicly executed.
Jo asks their school friend, Tama, a science student, to assist them and Louisa and Nicholas. When Louisa and Tama meet for the first time, they instantly fall for each other – with the romantic bond between them deepening as time passes. There is also a romantic bond between Jo and Nicholas. Sir Ivor, who had earlier taken Nicholas' family signet ring (saying it was for the ring's 'safekeeping'), calls for Nicholas to be brought to them and then takes the ring from a desk drawer. Sir Ivor drops the ring into a container of toxic waste – in front of the horrified Nicholas – and warns Nicholas not to attempt to retrieve their ring from the container.
Later, Nicholas, who requires their family signet ring as proof of their identity, tells Jo that the container of toxic waste is safe, as they have hidden it in the well. Jo is horrified at this and now considers Nicholas to be the person responsible for the harm which had befallen their friends at the school. Nicholas promises them that everything would be okay. With the help of Tama, and the technology of 1995, a neutralising agent for the toxic waste is discovered, and a sufficient quantity is manufactured to render the waste in the container safe.
Sir Ivor holds a ball, to which members of the New Zealand's high society has been invited (including Louisa's parents). While waiting at the fence for a chance for Nicholas to go to the yard to pour the neutralising agent in the container, music can be heard from Sir Ivor's ballroom and Nicholas teaches Jo to dance the old way. During the dance, Nicholas and Jo kiss each other, and Louisa and Tama shyly hold hands.
Back in 1995, Jo's parents are very worried that Jo is back in 1919, and they decide to confront the elderly owner of the antique shop over the matter. They are surprised when the old man welcomes them and comments that they are expected. The elderly man tells them everything, and their true identity is revealed. They upset Jo's parents when they state that they and Jo would marry (in 1919) and that Jo would not be returning to 1995. Meanwhile, back in 1919, Nicholas pours the neutralising agent into the container. Although they are successful in neutralising the toxic waste, it will still remain harmful for many years after 1919. However, it will be safe in 1995. Nicholas is able to travel through the mirror to 1995 and retrieve their ring. However, when they attempt to return to 1919 through the mirror with the ring, they discover that they are unable to do so because the ring already exists in 1919. Nicholas is given two choices – they can return to 1919 without the ring (and, therefore, without them being able to prove their identity), or they can stay in 1995 with Jo. After they make their choice the mirror begins to ripple and everyone must get to the time period they wish to remain in before the mirror vanishes from both periods.
Awards and nominations
Awards
Best Children's Program award at the 1996 New Zealand Film and TV Awards
Gold award at the World Television Festival in Houston, United States
Petra Jared – Best New Talent award at the 1996 Australian Film Institute awards
Nominations
Best Children's Program at the 1996 Australian Film Institute awards
Finalist at Prix Jeunesse International Festival awards in Munich, Germany
Michala Banas – Best Juvenile Performance at the 1996 New Zealand Film and TV Awards
Notes
Books
Louisa Iredale has a copy of Lewis Carroll's book Through the Looking-Glass in their bedroom. This is in homage to Lewis Carroll's book, which also involves a girl travelling through a mirror, albeit to another world.
A novelised version of the Mirror, Mirror television story was written by Hilary Bell, one of the many co-writers of the television series, following the release of the series. However, although most of the book remained true to the series, there are some marked differences between the series and the novelised version of the story (e.g., the description of The Old Man's hair and the colour of the horse which was ridden by Nicholas). The book won the 1996 Aurealis Award for best young-adult novel.
Filming locations
The house, home to the Iredale and Tiegan family, is actually Gear Homestead in Porirua. Sir Ivor's house was a former building named "Brendenwood" at the grounds of Sacred Heart College in Lower Hutt. It was demolished several years ago. The train station in 1919 is Silverstream Railway Museum in Lower Hutt. The train station used in 1995, is the Khandallah railway station in Wellington. The park where Louisa, Titus and Nicholas have a picnic and Jo and their father go for a walk, is the Lady Norwood Rose Garden in Wellington Botanic Garden. Tama's house is filmed at Nairn Street (the flat across number 41), Wellington. The place where antique shop is in the series is located at 1, Riddiford Street in Wellington. The library where Tama goes with Louisa, is the Wellington City Libraries.
Real world references
The series timeline (for the era in which Louisa and Nicholas live in 1919), was dated four years after the bodies of most of the Russian imperial family, the Tsar, Tsarina and three of their daughters, were discovered. This made the character Nicholas' survival and escape at least possible in real world terms. The remains of the Tsarevich and their fourth sister were not uncovered until 2007, twelve years after the series was broadcast.
Petra's short hair
Petra Jared auditioned for the part of "Louisa". They had long hair at the time. Feeling upset because they thought that they had missed out on the part, they had their hair cut short. Cutting their hair led to Petra appearing in the role of "Jo" instead of "Louisa" in the series.
Sequel
A second series of 26 episodes, featuring a completely new story and set of characters, followed in 1997. The series, which was completely separate from the Mirror, Mirror series, was titled Mirror, Mirror II.
The only similarity between the two series is the presence of a time travelling mirror in New Zealand. Also the rules for the mirror's mystical properties are completely different between the two series. For instance, during Mirror, Mirror, the mirror could only be travelled through by children, while in Mirror, Mirror II, anybody could go through the mirror without any difficulty, including adults.
DVD releases
Mirror, Mirror was released in Australia by Gryphon Entertainment on 28 July 2009 as a two-disc set, with 10 episodes on each disc. The series has also been released on DVD in New Zealand.
References
External links
Mirror, Mirror – Gibson Group official website (creators of the series)
Mirror, Mirror – Petra Yared website
Mirror, Mirror – Michala Banas website
Mirror TV – Mirror TV website
Mirror, Mirror – Science Vision
Australian television: Mirror, Mirror
Mirror, Mirror at the National Film and Sound Archive
Mirror, Mirror – DVD Release of Mirror, Mirror
Gear Homestead – house used for filming Mirror, Mirror
Silverstream Railway Museum – station in 1919, used for filming Mirror, Mirror
1995 Australian television series debuts
1995 Australian television series endings
1995 New Zealand television series debuts
1995 New Zealand television series endings
1990s New Zealand television series
Australian children's television series
Australian drama television series
Australian science fiction television series
Australian time travel television series
New Zealand time travel television series
Network 10 original programming
Period television series
Television shows funded by NZ on Air
Television shows set in New Zealand
New Zealand children's television series
Television series about teenagers
Television series set in the 1910s
Television series set in 1995
Television shows filmed in New Zealand
The 2014 Putrajaya ePrix, formally the 2014 FIA Formula E Ycapital Management Putrajaya ePrixis a Formula E motor race that was held on 22 November 2014 at the Putrajaya Street Circuit in Putrajaya, Malaysia. It was the second championship race of the single-seater, electrically powered racing car series' inaugural season.
Drivers Bruno Senna, Katherine Legge and Nick Heidfeld were awarded the "FanBoost" for the race. The race was won by British driver Sam Bird (Virgin Racing)
Report
Background
The race had originally been scheduled to take place on 18 October. It was delayed until 22 November at the request of the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Najib Razak. The race start time was brought forward by two hours due to heavy rain being forecast.
Race
After Nicolas Prost had received a ten place grid penalty for causing a collision in Beijing, Oriol Servia started on pole position with Sam Bird second and Daniel Abt third. Abt made a poor start and fell back, while the whole field squeezed through the first series of tight corners without incident. At the end of the first lap, however, Katherine Legge made severe contact with Michela Cerruti and at the same time, Matthew Brabham was seen facing the wrong way in the hairpin. The safety car was brought out.
When the green flag showed at the start of the fifth lap, Bird managed to overtake Servia, which opened the door for Jarno Trulli and later Karun Chandhok to get by as well. On the eighth lap, Franck Montagny overtook Nick Heidfeld, simultaneously pushing their rival into the wall. This brought out a second safety car. Abt went into the pits, effectively extending their second stint to 21 laps.
Racing continued on the twelfth lap. Bruno Senna was soon challenging Nelson Piquet Jr. for fifth, making use of their FanBoost, but hit the wall and damaged their suspension. Meanwhile, Bird continued to lap one to three seconds per lap quicker than everyone else, extending their lead on Trulli, Chandhok, and Servia. When the leaders made their pit stops, Abt reached first position, but with only fifty percent of their power remaining. Meanwhile, Trulli was given a drive-through penalty for exceeding their power usage. They still defended their position, however, handing Piquet the opportunity to overtake Lucas di Grassi. Piquet also tried to take third off of Trulli, but was pushed into the wall and had to retire.
On lap 24, Abt was still leading in front of Bird, Di Grassi, and Sébastien Buemi. Bird, at this point, was gaining three to five seconds per lap, because Abt was having to save energy, after having pitted very early in the race. They held the lead until the 28th lap, but eventually fell back to tenth. Senna, meanwhile, used their FanBoost to pass Prost for fourth, but crashed out in the last lap. Bird took the win, with Di Grassi and Buemi next to them on the podium.
Classification
Qualifying
Notes:
- Nicolas Prost started with a ten place penalty for causing a collision in the previous race.
- Jérôme d'Ambrosio was disqualified from the qualifying session for exceeding power usage limits.
- Sebastian Buemi was disqualified from the qualifying session for an underweight car.
Race
Notes:
– Three points for winning qualifying.
– Two points for fastest lap.
-Katherine Legge and Jarno Trulli have been given a drive through penalty converted into a 23-seconds time penalty for causing a collision.
- Franck Montagny was disqualified from the race on 27 March 2015 after testing positive for a banned substance.
- Nick Heidfeld was excluded from their nineteenth position finish for changing their car outside the permitted area during their pit stop. This meant their result at Putrajaya was not counted toward their championship points.
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Teams' Championship standings
Notes: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
References
|- style="text-align:center"
|width="35%"|Previous race:2014 Beijing ePrix
|width="30%"|FIA Formula E Championship2014–15 season
|width="35%"|Next race:2014 Punta del Este ePrix
|- style="text-align:center"
|width="35%"|Previous race:N/A
|width="30%"|Putrajaya ePrix
|width="35%"|Next race:2015 Putrajaya ePrix
|- style="text-align:center"
Putrajaya ePrix
Putrajaya ePrix
Putrajaya ePrix
Putrajaya ePrix
Diljalaa is a 1987 Indian Hindi-language crime drama film, starring Jackie Shroff, Farah in lead roles. It was written by Vinay Shukla and directed by director Bapu. The music was composed by Bappi Lahiri.
Plot
Widowed, multi-millionaire Sharda (Tanuja) lives with their only son, Munna (Jackie Shroff).  They are also the proprietor of a factory called "Sharda Chemicals". Munna is in love with Mamta (Farah), the only daughter of Gupta (Danny Denzongpa), the general manager of "Sharda Chemicals". Sharda arranges Munna's marriage with Mamta, who is currently pursuing studies at Lovedale College in Manori. On the day of the engagement, Mamta insults their father, Munna and Sharda in the presence of a huge gathering. Thus the marriage plans get cancelled. Then several children get killed after receiving a poisonous vaccine manufactured and marketed by "Sharda Chemicals", prompting the police to arrest Sharda, who is convicted of the crime in court. Sharda becomes senseless in court and died in hospital. Eventually, Munna is killed by Gupta, along with their friends; Mittal (Rajesh Puri), Mehra (Narendranath), Radhe (Gurbachan Singh), Shyam (Sudhir Pandey), who take over their family's assets, thus renaming the factory, "Friends Chemicals". Gupta then arranges to get Mamta married to Azaad Modi (Satish Shah), the only son of wealthy Mrs. Modi (Sushma Seth), but before the marriage, Mamta gets pregnant by a male in disguise of Azaad, prompting Mrs. Modi to cancel the wedding plans, while on the other hand, Gupta began to face many challenges in business due to a man, who calls themselves as Inspector Panchmarg Koda. Relatively unknown to Gupta and their friends that Inspector Panchmarg Koda and the male, who disguises Azaad, is none other than Munna himself, who survives and is out to destroy them one after the other.
Cast
Jackie Shroff as Munna / Inspector Panchmarg Koda / Azaad Modi
Farah as Mamta
Tanuja as Sharda
Danny Denzongpa as Mr. Gupta
Narendranath as Mr. Mehra
Rajesh Puri as Mr. Mittal
Gurbachan Singh as Radhe
Sudhir Pandey as Shyam
Romesh Sharma as Madan Pancholi
Annu Kapoor as Baba
Sushma Seth as Mrs. Modi
Satish Shah as Azaad Modi
Soundtrack
Kavi Pradeep wrote only two versions of "Mere Munna, Mere Chanda", the rest of the songs were written by Indeevar.
External links
1987 films
1980s crime action films
1987 crime drama films
1980s action drama films
Indian crime action films
Indian crime drama films
Indian action drama films
Films directed by Bapu
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
1980s Hindi-language films
Malaysia competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. 45 competitors, 42 men and 3 women, took part in 20 events in 6 sports.
Athletics
Men
Track events
Women
Track event
Combined events – Pentathlon
Cycling
Four cyclists represented Malaysia in 1972.
Road
Track
Sprint
Time trial
Football
Men's tournament
Squad
Head coach: Jalil Che Din
Group A
Ranked 10th in final standings
Hockey
Men's tournament
Team roster
Khairuddin Zainal
Francis Belavantheran
Sri Shanmuganathan
Brian Santa Maria
Phang Poh Meng
Wong Choon Hin
Singaram Balasingam
Sayed Samat
Sulaiman Saibot
Franco de Cruz
Murugesan Mahendran
Harnahal Singh Sewa
Yang Siow Ming
Omar Mohamed Razali Yeop
Ramalingam Pathmarajah
Group A
Fifth to eighth place classification
Seventh and eighth place match
Ranked 8th in final standings
Shooting
Mixed
Swimming
Men
Women
References
External links
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1972 Summer Olympics
1972
The Flight Design Twin is a German two-place, paraglider that was designed by Michaël Hartmann and Stefan Müller and produced by Flight Design of Landsberied. It is now out of production.
Design and development
The aircraft was designed as a tandem glider for flight training. Test flying was carried out by factory test pilot Richard Bergmann.
The aircraft's span wing has 72 cells, a wing area of and an aspect ratio of 5.3:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider is DHV 1-2 Biplace certified.
The design progressed through three generations of models, the Twin, Twin 2 and Twin 3, each improving on the last.
Specifications (Twin 3)
References
Twin
Paragliders
The Mataafa Storm of 1905, was a storm that occurred on the Great Lakes on November 27–28, 1905. The system moved across the Great Basin with moderate depth on November 26 and November 27, then east-northeastward across the Great Lakes on November 28. Fresh east winds were forecast for the afternoon and evening of November 27, with storm warnings in effect by the morning of November 28. Storm-force winds and heavy snows accompanied the cyclone's passage. The storm, named after the steamship , ended up destroying or damaging about 29 vessels, killing 36 seamen, and causing shipping losses of US$ 3.567 million (1905 dollars) on Lake Superior.
Weather and forecast
A storm system moving through the Great Basin on November 26 and 27 was forecast to bring "fresh easterly winds" to the Great Lakes during the afternoon and evening on November 27 by the United States Weather Bureau. At 6 p.m., winds at Duluth, Minnesota, had reached . Storm warning flags were flying by the morning of November 28 as the cyclone moved into southern Minnesota. At this time, easterly gales and heavy snows had spread across Lake Superior, Lake Huron, and Lake Erie. Five-minute winds reached at Duluth during the early morning of November 28, before dropping below gale force by noon. At Duluth Harbor, lake levels peaked at above normal during the storm. The system brought heavy snows within its northern and western side across the northern Great Lakes on November 28 and November 29, with storm warnings continuing for the lower Great Lakes on the morning of November 29.
The wreck of SS Mataafa
At five o'clock in the afternoon on November 27, 1905, the bulk carrier was on their way out of Duluth, loaded with iron ore and towing the barge James Nasmyth. They were hit by the storm, and though they struggled on for a short time, by the time they had reached Two Harbors, Minnesota, at 4:00 p.m. the next day, it was clear to their master, Captain R. F. Humble, that they could not make the run. They gave the order to turn about, and they turned their prow toward Duluth.
As they approached the port, it became clear that it was useless to try to bring both steamer and barge through the narrow Duluth Ship Canal into the harbor, so the Captain Humble gave the order to cut James Nasmyth loose. Then Mataafa attempted to make it into safe harbor alone. They made it about half-way between the twin concrete piers when a backwater surged out. Heavy water struck their stern, driving their prow down to the muddy bottom, and then slammed their stern against the north pier. Them rudder tore off and the water pulled them prow out toward the open lake, then smashed their stern against the south pier. They grounded in the shallow water outside the north pier, where they broke in two, their stern settling slowly into the water.
When the ship broke in two, twelve men were in the aft portion; three of them struggled to the forward portion. The remaining nine remained aboard the after portion and died of exposure during the night; one of the bodies in the after half had to be chopped out of solid ice. The fifteen men in the fore half fared better; although rescue attempts were futile during the stormy night, the next day a small boat made it out, and all fifteen were taken off in two boatloads.
Other shipping impact
By noon on Sunday, November 26, 1905, the steamer Butler emerged from the St. Clair River into Lake Huron. The sky was gray and overcast. For the rest of the day, Butler steamed north across Lake Huron. On the morning of Monday, November 27, the steamer 'Joseph G. Butler, Jr. passed Detour Reef Light and entered the Saint Marys River. Monday afternoon, Butler cleared the Soo Locks, just behind the steamer Bransford. That afternoon, the temperature was 28 degrees F (-2 degrees C). As the two steamers headed across Whitefish Bay, the barometer started downward, then plummeted, and the snow thickened. By dusk, the lookouts could barely make out the light at Whitefish Point as they cleared the bay into the body of Lake Superior. Here Bransford turned northward to follow the Canadian shore to stay north of the storm. Butler turned southwestward to take the shorter distance and pressed through the storm.
As Butler sighted the Caribou Island Light, the shuddering of the ship changed. The continuous pounding of the waves on the side of the ship became interspersed with a violent shaking. Down in the engine room, the chief engineer knew that the vibration was from the propellers rising out of the water as a trough between waves running up to 10 and 20 feet (3 and 6.5 meters). First the propeller would rise out of the water, and then the spinning blades would crash back into the water. This kind of pounding could open every seam in the vessel. It became their job to stop the blades every time they rose out of the water and get them going again once they were below the surface. If the ship were to lose headway, it would be at the mercy of the storm, but if the vibrations weren't stopped, the ship would come apart on its own. The next obstacle was Keweenaw Point jutting out into the open lake. The flight attendant reported that the windows were out in the mess and there were 2 feet (61 cm) of water rushing back and forth.
All day Tuesday the 28th, Butler fought the boiling seas. At one point, with land not seen and fear of approaching a point of land, Butler turned to run with the storm, hoping to clear any unseen shoreline. Late that day, the storm began to abate, and when the captain could once again see across the lake, the light at Outer Island in the Apostles was spotted. Now a new course was set to make for Duluth. The seas were still high, but the wind had let up and the snow had stopped. Some fifty hours out of Lorain, Butler was once again on a steady course for Duluth. As they came abreast of Two Harbors, Minnesota, they spotted Bransford making for Duluth. Further ahead they sighted another steamer, which turned out to be Perry G. Walker, which had sailed from Duluth just two days earlier.
Approaching Duluth, Butler sighted more freighters. James Nasmyth was anchored out from Minnesota Point, sitting low in the water with a load of iron ore and a thick coating of ice. Then Butler sighted Mataafa, sitting in the shallows of Minnesota Point and split into several parts. It was noon as Butler steamed through the canal into St. Louis Bay, sighting R. W. England lying beached on the backside of Minnesota Point, a victim of the high winds the day before.
The wrecks of November 28
Aftermath
Split Rock Lighthouse was built on Lake Superior, off Silver Bay, Minnesota, because of the storm. The Mataafa storm also spawned Vincent v. Erie, a case which has remained a staple of first year torts classes
See also
Great Storms of the North American Great Lakes
List of shipwrecks in 1905
Madeira (shipwreck)
References
External links
chroniclingamerica.loc.gov Mataafa
History of Minnesota
Great Lakes
1905 meteorology
1905 in Minnesota
1905 natural disasters in the United States
Maritime incidents in 1905
November 1905 events
Ecliptopera silaceata, the small phoenix, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Michael Denis and Ignaz Schiffermüller in 1775.
The distribution includes most of Europe including the British Isles and extends eastwards through Russia and the Altai and the Vyatskoye, as well as north into the Arctic Circle, and south to the Caucasus. It also occurs in North America.
The wingspan is 23–27 mm. The length of the forewings is 13–17 mm. The basal region is dark grey, and is bordered by a light coloured band in which are mostly dark stains. The very wide discal region is black brown, and often shows a nearly elliptical white "drawing" in the middle. The marginal area is brown with several significant arrow patches. Two or three distally facing peaks continue as orange coloured strokes sometimes up to the outer edge. Below the apex, there are dark arch stains and a white wavy line located at the outer edge. The hind wings are white grey and have bright crosslines as well as a little black heart. The colour of head, thorax, and abdomen is brown. Prout describes some variants. The larva is long and thin, variable in colour, green or flesh-colour, the thoracic and last 4 abdominal segments with a red or blackish mediodorsal line, the middle segments with blackish dots. The venter has a white line, sometimes pink-edged.
The main habitats of the species are semi-shady areas in deciduous, and mixed forests as well as young forest plantations and heaths.
The moths fly in two generations from May to July and from August to September. .
The larvae feed mainly on willowherbs.The compact, brownish
green pupa hibernates.
Similar species
Ecliptopera capitata brighter colours, fewer arrow spots in the post-discal region and the head yellow to orange brown colour of head, thorax, and abdomen.
Lampropteryx suffumata the bowed spots at the outer edge are more indistinct and extend beyond the wavy line, the transverse lines are more jagged and the ground is more brown.
Eulithis prunata has a rather brownish ground colour and a more serrated outer transverse line.
The approximately elliptical shaped white vein drawing in the discal field is a sure distinguishing feature to the three species mentioned above. However, this mark is not present in all specimens of silaceata.
References
Notes
The flight season refers to the British Isles. This may vary in other parts of the range.
External links
Small phoenix at UKMoths
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum e.V.
De Vlinderstichting
Cidariini
Moths of Japan
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Insects of the Arctic
Moths described in 1775
Taxa named by Michael Denis
Taxa named by Ignaz Schiffermüller
Sociedade Esportiva Caeté, commonly referred to as Caeté, is a Brazilian professional club based in Bragança, Pará founded on 27 February 2019. It competes in the Campeonato Paraense, the top flight of the Pará state football league.
History
The idea of founding the club came from Rodrigo Barata, who held the post of director in Bragantino, but after disagreements with the management of the time, in 2018 gave the beginning with help from other former club leaders to found the second club in the city, this initially focused on the basic categories. To honor the first inhabitants of the region, the founders decided to adopt Caeté as the club's name, which refers to the indigenous people of the Caetés tribe. Still following this line, they chose the color red as a reference to their ancestors. The green refers to the name, which means strong forest or true forest in the Tupi language.
Stadium
Caeté play their home games at Diogão. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 11,000 people.
Rivalries
Caeté's biggest rival is Bragantino. The duel between the two clubs is called the Clássico da Farinha (Flour derby).
References
External links
Official page on Facebook
Caeté on Globo Esporte
Sociedade Esportiva Caeté
Association football clubs established in 2019
Football clubs in Pará
Football clubs in Brazil
Bragança, Pará
2019 establishments in Brazil
Rardin is an unincorporated community in Morgan Township, Coles County, Illinois, United States.
Geography
Rardin is located at at an elevation of 669 feet.
References
Unincorporated communities in Coles County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Michael Rolfe Gira (; born February 19, 1954) is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, author and artist.  They are the main force behind the New York City musical group Swans and fronted Angels of Light.  They are also the founder of Young God Records.
Biography
Early life
Michael Rolfe Gira was born February 19, 1954 in Los Angeles, California to Alice (née Shulte), originally from Iowa, and Robert Pierre Gira. Their mother was an alcoholic, and Gira spent much of their early life caring for their younger brother. Gira has commented that their parents were "not around much" during their early childhood.
As an adolescent, Gira was arrested in California several times for petty crimes. Facing the risk of being incarcerated in a juvenile hall, they relocated with their father to Germany following a short stay in South Bend, Indiana. While in Germany, Gira ran away and hitchhiked across Europe, lived in Israel for a year, and spent four and a half months in an adult jail in Jerusalem for selling hashish. They turned 16 when in jail.
Returning to California around age seventeen, Gira worked at a bakery on Redondo Beach Pier, completed their GED, went to community college, and then attended Otis College of Art and Design in Los Angeles. They moved to New York in 1979, where they played in a band called Circus Mort, before forming the band Swans. In Manhattan, Gira found employment as a construction worker, doing demolition, sheetrock installation, and plastering.
Swans
Initially, Swans' focus was raw rhythm and abrasive textures, usually eschewing melody for visceral power, becoming known for their abrasive experimental and post-industrial sound. Their commercial success was limited, but Swans earned critical notice and had a devoted following.
The band's lineup and sound evolved over time, and their music became somewhat more conventional. A marked shift in Swans' music came with inclusion of Gira's partner, Jarboe, who added their ethereal voice and synthesizers to the group in 1985. Gira and Swans spent the next twelve years releasing studio, live, and side-project albums. Gira's frustration with various record labels grew over time, and they disbanded Swans in 1997.
However, in 2010, Gira decided to revive the band, with members new and old. They released a new album titled My Father Will Guide Me Up a Rope to the Sky. A second post-revival album, The Seer, was released in 2012. A third, To Be Kind, was released in 2014. All three were met with increasing critical acclaim. The Glowing Man followed and was released in June 2016. The band's latest album, Leaving Meaning, was released in 2019.
Solo career and Angels of Light
After dissolving Swans in 1997 Gira released a solo album under their own name and began a new musical direction with Angels of Light, which are a quieter, more acoustic-based group than Swans.
Gira also spent time experimenting with soundscapes, found sound, and loops with The Body Lovers / The Body Haters project. They have also released several albums under their own name including Drainland (1995), a spoken word album called The Somniloquist (2000), and What We Did (2001), a collaboration with Windsor for the Derby's frontman Dan Matz.
Gira founded their own record label, Young God Records, which has released albums from such artists as Devendra Banhart, Mi and L'au, and Akron/Family as well as Swans, The Angels of Light and The Body Lovers' back catalogues.
Akron/Family served as Gira's backing band during the recording of and touring for The Angels of Light's 2005 album, The Angels of Light Sing 'Other People'.
Gira has spoken of their decision to shift their focus from The Angels of Light back to Swans as a move based on impassivity. They have stated, "I had been doing this band Angels of Light for thirteen years, and had reached a kind of impassivity with that, sorta like I had reached an impassivity with Swans when I initially stopped it."
Writings
Gira's first short story collection The Consumer () was published in 1995 by Henry Rollins's 2.13.61 publications. It is divided into two parts, the first being "The Consumer", a series of short stories from the early 1990s, the second, "Various Traps, Some Weaknesses", made up mostly of prose-poems and vignettes, all dating from 1983–1986. (Many of these earlier stories had previously been published by SST Records as Selfishness, with illustrations by Raymond Pettibon.) The stories contain many disturbing images and scenes including incest, identity loss, murder, self-hatred, rape, and both mental and physical decay.
In February 2018, Gira released their second short story collection, The Egg. Limited to 2,500 hand-signed copies, The Egg compiles seventeen stories written over 2016. Included with the release is a disc containing narrations of a handful of stories from The Egg as well as a few from The Consumer.
In May 2022, Gira released a collection of Swans lyrics, stories, and journals titled The Knot, in a collector's edition of 3,000 hand-numbered copies. The Knot is 408 pages long, and additionally contains 101 color images. The Knot contains all of the lyrics from the first Swans EP to Leaving Meaning, as well as lyrics from Angels of Light and World of Skin, among Gira's other projects, and includes archived writings from 1974 to 2022.
Equipment
Michael Gira is known for using a Guild antique burst electro acoustic guitar, and a Roland JC-120 Jazz Chorus Guitar Amplifier during their solo concerts. With Swans, Gira has used a variety of instruments including Ovation acoustic guitars and a Westbury Track II bass guitar during early performances. During the Soundtracks for the Blind and Swans are Dead era, Gira can be seen with a Gibson Lucille (which has since become their main guitar for the Swans reunion) and a Gibson Les Paul. Recent shows have seen Gira using Orange amplifiers and cabinets, as well as Mesa Boogie cabinets.
Solo discography
References
Further reading
External links
Young God Records' website
1954 births
Living people
American male singers
Swans (band) members
Pigface members
American post-punk musicians
American rock guitarists
American experimental guitarists
American male guitarists
American industrial musicians
American male writers
Guitarists from Los Angeles
No wave musicians
Noise rock musicians
Otis College of Art and Design alumni
Prisoners and detainees of Israel
Psychedelic folk musicians
Singers from Los Angeles
Young God Records artists
Alternative Tentacles artists
20th-century American guitarists
2nd CC.NN. Division "Fiamme Nere" ("Black Flames"), was one of the three Blackshirts Divisions sent to Spain during the Spanish Civil War to make up the "Corpo Truppe Volontarie" (Corps of Volunteer Troops), or CTV. Was strengthened after the end of the War in the North for the Aragon Offensive in 1938 with Division XXIII di Marzo and renamed XXIII Marzo Division "Fiamme Nere".
Order of battle for the Battle of Guadalajara
2nd CC.NN. Division "Fiamme Nere" - Bgd. Gen. Guido Amerigo Coppi
6th Group of Banderas - Console Mario Pittau.
651 Bandera "Ardita" - Seniore Spagnolo
630 Bandera "Intrepida" - 1st Seniore Angelucci
638 Bandera "Audace" - Seniore Alberto Zaccherini
Support Battery 65/17
Engineers Section
7th Group of Banderas - Console Marino Marino
724 Bandera "Inflessibile" - Seniore Gamberini
735 Bandera "Implacabile" - Seniore Bruno Calzolari
740 Bandera "Disperata" - Seniore Domenico Paladino
Support Battery 65/17
Engineers Section
8th Grupo de Banderas - Console Fausto Vandelli
530 Bandera "Inesorabile" - Seniore Fausto Vandelli
730 Bandera - 1st Seniore Calzonsori
? Bandera - Seniore Palezzi
Support Battery 65/17
Engineers Section
"Carabinieri" Section
Intendencia Section
Sanitation Section
Division Truck Unit
Division Artillery - Teniente Coronel Pettinare
Antiaircraft Battery 20mm
XI Group 75/27 (3 batteries of 4 guns)
VIII Group 100/17 (2 batteries of 4 guns)
IX Group 100/17 (2 batteries of 4 guns)
II Group 149/12 (2 batteries of 3 guns)
Combat Engineers Platoon
Artillery Park Section
The Blackshirt (Camicie Nere, or CC.NN.) Divisions contained regular soldiers and volunteer militia from the National Fascist Party. The CC.NN. divisions were semi-motorised.
Sources
de Mesa, José Luis, El regreso de las legiones: (la ayuda militar italiana à la España nacional, 1936-1939), García Hispán, Granada:España, 1994
Divisions of Italy in the Spanish Civil War
Blackshirt divisions of Italy
Étienne de Villaret (February 17, 1854 - January 18, 1931) was a senior officer in the French army.
Biography
They were born on February 17, 1854 in Saint-Laurent-Lolmie, France. In their youth, they served in Algeria and Tunisia, until 1884 when they joined the French military mission to Japan (1884–89) as a captain. Here they received the Order of the Rising Sun. After their return to France in 1887, they were promoted to Brigadier General in March 1912 and given command of the 79th Infantry Brigade.
In April 1914, they became head of the French military mission to Greece (1911–14) and commander of the Greek First Army Corps. They received the Order of the Redeemer but at the outbreak of the First World War, they were urgently called back to France.
They received command of the 14th Infantry division and fought in the Battle of Mulhouse in mid-August 1914. Their division was transferred to the Somme where they participated in the Battle of Proyart-Vauvillers, First Battle of the Marne and the First Battle of the Aisne. For their excellent performance, they were promoted to command the VII Army Corps. On 13 March 1915, together with General Michel-Joseph Maunoury, they were seriously injured by a German sniper, but less than a month later, they retook command of their Army Corps, with which they fought in the Second Battle of Champagne.
In November 1915, they received command of the Seventh Army which they led in the last stages of the Battle of Hartmannswillerkopf. They remained in command of the Seventh Army until 19 December 1916, when they retired from active service.
They died on January 18, 1931 in Angiers, France.
Source
1854 births
1931 deaths
French military personnel of World War I
French generals
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun
Hellenic Army generals
France–Greece military relations
Life
Edmund Burt, also known as Edward Burt (died 4 January 1755), was an English author and a rent collector for the British government in Scotland (Stevenson, 2004). In 1725, they referred to their wife living in London (Stevenson, 2004). On 31 May 1725, they were appointed Receiver General and Collector of Rents on the unsold Forfeited Estates in Scotland, and from 24 June, received £400 per annum to cover salary and expenses (Stevenson, 2004). Virtually all the Scottish estates forfeited after the Jacobite rising of 1715 had been sold except for those of Glenmoriston and Seaforth. Burt was concerned with collecting rents on them until they too were sold, in 1730 and 1741, respectively. Their work involved close co-operation with General George Wade. However, they had no part in the building of the "Wade roads" in the Highlands.
In August 1725, Burt accompanied General Wade at the disarming of the Seaforth Mackenzies at Brahan Castle near Dingwall, when they were promised a punctual payment of rents. However, on 28 September, Wade was obliged to sign an order authorising military support to help them extract the promised rents, which the Seaforth tenants had failed to deliver.
A letter by a magistrate of Inverness dated 1 January 1726 reveals that Burt was then a Justice of the Peace, part of the 'haughty, keen and unsupportable government of these military and stranger judges set over us' (Salmond, 104). In 1729 they were appointed manager of the lead mines at Strontian in Argyll, and they continued to be employed in the Highlands for some years after 1741 (Stevenson, 2004).
Letters from a Gentleman in the North of Scotland to their Friend in London
In about 1727 and 1728 Burt wrote a series of letters, later published as Letters from a Gentleman in the North of Scotland to their Friend in London (including a further letter written in around 1737), in which they summarized Wade's road-building achievements (Stevenson, 2004). The Letters contain important early engravings of Highland dress in and around Inverness.
Burt realized that the conditions they described would be regarded as highly offensive by Scots, so they swore their unknown correspondent in London to secrecy: "It would do me no great honour to be known to have made a collection of Incidents, mostly low, and sometimes disagreeable" (Burt, 1.3). When the letters were published anonymously in London in 1754, the editor claimed that they had bought them from the author, and stated that the author had "died some time ago, and through Losses, unsuccessful Law-Suits, and other Disappointments, left their Family in none of the best of Circumstances" (ibid., 1.vii).
After Burt's death in London on 4 January 1755, the obituaries in the Gentleman's Magazine and the Scots Magazine ascribed authorship of Letters to them (Stevenson, 2004). The announcement in the Scots Magazine, in Volume xvii, January 1755, page 52, states: "At London. Edmund Burt Esq; late agent to Gen. Wade, chief surveyor during the making of roads through the Highlands, and author of the letters concerning Scotland." The Scots Magazine reviewed the book in Volume xvi (July 1754), page 359.
Subsequent editions appeared in Dublin in 1755, in London in 1759 and 1815, and at Haarlem and Hanover. The latest was edited by R. Jamieson, with contributions by Sir Walter Scott, London, in 1818.
References
Salmond, J. B. (1904), Wade in Scotland (available to borrow online from https://archive.org/details/wadeinscotland01salm)
Stevenson, David (23 September 2004), "Burt, Edmund", Oxford: Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (Retrieved 22 June 2019), https://doi.org/10.1093/ref:odnb/4118.
Full text sources
Letters from a gentleman in the north of Scotland to their friend in London, by Edward Burt, on the Internet Archive
Letters from a gentleman in the north of Scotland to their friend in London, by Edward Burt, in Google books
Scottish military personnel
Scottish engineers
18th-century Scottish writers
Year of birth unknown
1755 deaths
Scottish military engineers
Scottish surveyors
Scottish travel writers
State Route 102 (SR-102) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah that connects Tremonton with I-84, SR-83, and the towns of Deweyville, Bothwell, Thatcher, Penrose, and Thiokol's facility in Box Elder County.
Route description
The route starts on SR-83 east of Lampo Junction travelling northeast. After about , the route starts to "stairstep", alternately going north and east through Penrose and Thatcher, before settling on an easterly direction through Bothwell. Soon after, the route intersects I-84 at Bothwell Junction, passes under I-15, passes through Tremonton and Haws Corner Junction and ending at SR-38 in Deweyville at the base of the Wellsville Mountains.
History
SR-102 was originally designated in 1931 as the road from Deweyville to Haws Corner. In 1969, the route was extended westward through Tremonton to SR-83 east of Lampo Junction (this stretch of road was formerly part of SR-3).
In 1966, the counties in northern Utah requested that the State Road Commission designate a single route number to run east–west across that part of the state. This route overlapped SR-102 between Deweyville and I-84. For this new route, the number SR-30 was selected, but there were no legislative description changes of the highways. Instead, the old route numbers were kept and marked on small, rectangular signs below the SR-30 shields.
In the 1977 renumbering, the legislative description of this new route was changed to SR-30, resulting in SR-102's eastern terminus being moved to I-84. In 1989, the commission resolved that, once I-15 was completed north of Tremonton, SR-30 would be rerouted to replace SR-129, with SR-102 being extended back to Deweyville.
Major intersections
References
102
102
USS Truxtun has been the name of various United States Navy ships in honor of Commodore Thomas Truxtun, and may refer to:
, a brig launched in 1842 and destroyed after running aground off Mexico in 1846
, a destroyer in service from 1902 to 1919
, a destroyer commissioned in 1921 that ran aground and sank in 1942
, laid down as a destroyer escort (DE-282) in 1943, completed as a high-speed transport (APD-98) in 1945, and in commission as such from 1945 to 1946.
, originally guided missile destroyer leader DLGN-35, a guided missile cruiser in commission from 1967 to 1995
, an , commissioned in 2009.
United States Navy ship names
Una Matilda Harkin (born 20 January 1983) is an Irish Gaelic and association football player. In Gaelic football, they are known for their time as a Derry player, reaching the 2008 All-Ireland Junior Ladies' Football Championship final with them, and in soccer for their career with Keflavík and Northern Ireland.
Gaelic football
In August 2008 Harkin emigrated to Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates to take up a teaching position at Sharjah English School. They flew back the following month to play for Derry in their All-Ireland Junior Ladies' Football Championship final defeat to London at Croke Park. Harkin had played their club football with Doire Colmcille CLG.
Harkin had represented Ulster in inter–provincial competition during 2005. They won an Ulster All Star award.
Association football
Harkin played club soccer with Institute, and in November 2006 was called into the Northern Ireland team for a UEFA Women's Euro 2009 pre–qualifier tournament in Turkey. Harkin's debut for the Irish team came against the host nation. In summer 2007 Harkin played semi–professional football in Iceland, scoring twice in a total of 12 games for Keflavík.
Harkin was unfortunate to score an own goal as Northern Ireland crashed 4–0 to England at Gillingham in March 2007. They were listed as a Drumahoe YMCA player, but also played some games for Crewe Alexandra Ladies in the English FA Women's Premier League Northern Division during 2006–07 and 2007–08.
In March 2008 Harkin overcame an ankle injury to play the return fixture against England at Mourneview Park, described as the biggest game of their career. National team coach Alfie Wylie said of Harkin: "Una has worked very hard and is fully committed to the cause.  They are a powerful centre half who likes to go and win the ball and competes for everything; they are strong in the air and in the tackle and gives us a lot of strength in defence." An improved defensive display saw Ireland restrict their opponents to a 2–0 win.
When Harkin departed to Sharjah in 2008, they had been playing for the women's section of Linfield. They had already left by the time of their IFA Women's Challenge Cup final defeat to Glentoran Belfast United.
References
External links
Keflavík profile
1983 births
Living people
Women's association footballers from Northern Ireland
Sportspeople from Derry (city)
Expatriate women's footballers in Iceland
Expatriate sportspeople from Northern Ireland in Iceland
FA Women's National League players
Northern Ireland women's international footballers
Women's association football central defenders
Derry ladies' Gaelic footballers
Una Harkin
Ladies' Gaelic footballers who switched code
Alexandra Michel Orlando (born January 19, 1987) is a retired Canadian rhythmic gymnast. They represented Canada at the 2008 Olympic Games, the Commonwealth Games and Pan American Games.
Biography
Orlando was born in Toronto, Ontario and attended Havergal College. They trained at the Ritmika RG Club under Mimi Masleva, a native of Bulgaria.
Orlando won every rhythmic gymnastics event at the Canadian National Championships in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007. Orlando swept the individual event finals at the Elite Canada rhythmic gymnastics competition in 2007 and also won the all around crown. At the world championships in September, they finished ninth in the all-around competition and qualified for the Olympic Games in Beijing. They however only placed 18th in Beijing.
They won all six rhythmic gymnastics events included as part of the gymnastics program at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne. They joined Graham Smith (1978, Edmonton), Susie O'Neill (1998, Kuala Lumpur) and Ian Thorpe (2002, Manchester) as the only competitors to win six gold medals at a single Commonwealth Games.
Orlando currently studies commerce at the University of Toronto.  They are the subject of the book Alexandra Orlando: In Pursuit Of Victory (Toronto: BookLand Press, 2006) by Martin Avery.
Orlando is of Italian descent; their father is Sicilian and mother Salerno. They stated in an interview, "I went last summer for vacations for two weeks. I have many Italian relatives, my family is from the South. My mother is from Salerno, and my father is Sicilian. They all live there still, just my family lives in Canada."
References
External links
Alexandra Orlando on Real Champions
1987 births
Canadian people of Italian descent
Canadian rhythmic gymnasts
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Gymnasts at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Gymnasts at the 2003 Pan American Games
Gymnasts at the 2007 Pan American Games
Gymnasts at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic gymnasts of Canada
Gymnasts from Toronto
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in gymnastics
Pan American Games medalists in gymnastics
Havergal College alumni
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
20th-century Canadian women
21st-century Canadian women
Kol-Od (also titled Chemins VI) is a composition for solo trumpet and chamber ensemble by Luciano Berio. The ensemble consists of 3 flutes, oboe, 4 clarinets, 2 saxophones, bassoon, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, trombone, tuba, celeste, accordion and strings.
One of a series of works entitled Chemins that are largely based on the composer's Sequenzas, Kol-Od incorporates the solo trumpet part from Sequenza X.
Kol-Od was premiered by Gabriele Cassone with the Ensemble InterContemporain, Pierre Boulez conducting, on April 27, 1996, in Basel, Switzerland.
References
Universal Edition Publisher's Notes on Kol-Od
External links
Gabriele Cassone official website
Compositions by Luciano Berio
Compositions for trumpet
Chamber music compositions
Thomas Bassett Macaulay, also known as T. B. Macaulay, (6 June 1860 – 1942) is a noted actuary of their era, a philanthropist; and was the founder of the Macaulay Institute, in 1930. It has been estimated that most of the world's Holstein cattle descend from Macaulay's herd.
Background
Thomas Bassett Macaulay was born in Hamilton, Ontario, the son of Barbara Marie Reid and the Scottish-born Robertson Macaulay (1833–1915), who emigrated to Canada in 1854. The family were descendants of the Macaulay family of Lewis, and were patrilineal descendants of the 17th century Uig folk-hero Donald Cam Macaulay. Robertson Macaulay married Barbara Marie Reid, and moved their family to Montreal, Quebec, Canada, when they were offered a position there with Sun Life Assurance Company. They joined as a secretary in 1874; by 1889, they had worked their way up to president.
Life
Thomas Bassett Macaulay graduated from high school and joined Sun Life at the age of 17. For the next 40 years they worked for the company as actuary (aged 20), secretary, managing director (46), president (55). They served as president for 20 years, before their retirement as chairperson.
Macaulay was a Fellow of the Institute of Actuaries of Great Britain. They were one of four Canadian charter members of the Actuarial Society of America. In 1899, they became the first Canadian to be president of the society; as well as its youngest president, at age 39. When they died in 1942, Macaulay was also the longest surviving charter member. Macaulay represented the actuaries of both Canada and the United States at the International Congresses, held in Paris and Berlin, in the years 1900 and 1906. They were also a fellow of the Royal Statistical Society, president of the Canadian Life Assurance Officers' Association, and president of the Canadian West Indian League and became an honorary president of the Navy League of Canada. In 1915 they became president of Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada.
In 1914 they became one of the inaugural fellows of the American Statistical Association. In 1917, they were the chairperson of the National Committee on Food Resources, they also are the governor of the Montreal General Hospital, as well as the Fraser-Hickson Institute public library in Montreal.
Macaulay created a fund of £10,000 to assist the seafaring people of their father's hometown, Fraserburgh, Scotland. They also gave £10,000 to research into animal breeding at the University of Edinburgh. They gave money to the public library on the Isle of Lewis, erected a wing in the Island's hospital and established the Macaulay Experimental Farm. In 1930, they funded the purchase of , to establish the Macaulay Institute for Soil Research. Macaulay received an honorary degree from the University of Aberdeen, and McGill University, and the town of Stornoway made them the first freeman of the burgh in 300 years.
Holstein herd
It has been stated that most of the world's pure-bred Holstein cattle descend from Macaulays herd, raised on their farm in Quebec. Macaulay and farm manager, Joe Chandler, bought a bull named "Johanna Rag Apple Pabst" (also known as "Old Joe"), for $15,000. The bull sired 51 bulls and 44 cows; after Macaulay's death in 1942, the herd was dispersed and went on to produce most of the pure-breds in the world. For their work as a breeder and farmer and their devotion to the advancement of agriculture in the province of Quebec, Thomas Bassett Macaulay was posthumously inducted to the Agricultural Hall of Fame of Quebec in 1992
Family
In 1881, Macaulay married Henrietta M. L. Bragg, from New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. Bragg was the niece of US Confederate Army general Braxton Bragg. The couple had one son, followed by three daughters, and finally another son. One of their children was Frederick Macaulay, best known for their work on bond durations. Macaulay had two later marriages. In 1912, they married Margaret Allan of London, England; in 1920, they married Margaret Palin of Gloucester, England. They did not have any children in their later two marriages.
References
Further reading
1860 births
1942 deaths
Canadian actuaries
Canadian philanthropists
Thomas Bassett
People from Hamilton, Ontario
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Ernest Boka (December 7, 1928 – April 6, 1964) was an Ivorian politician. A lawyer, Boka also served as Chief of Staff for the Governor-General of Côte d'Ivoire in 1957, Minister of National Education in 1958 and Minister of Public Service in 1959. In 1960, they were appointed President of the Supreme Court of Côte d'Ivoire. They headed the Ivorian delegation at the United Nations also in 1960. In 1963 they were accused along with others of plotting to kill President Houphouet Boigny with voodoo and died in prison the following year. President Henri Konan Bédié built a mausoleum in their native village of Grand-Morié, a dozen kilometres from Agboville.
References
People of French West Africa
Government ministers of Ivory Coast
Ivorian diplomats
1928 births
1964 deaths
Permanent Representatives of the Ivory Coast to the United Nations
20th-century Ivorian lawyers
Ivorian judges
People from Agboville
Chief justices
"He Wasn't" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, released as the fourth and final single from their second studio album, Under My Skin (2004). The song was written and produced by Lavigne and Chantal Kreviazuk. It was not released in the United States; instead, "Fall to Pieces" was released. "He Wasn't" was issued in Australia, Europe, and the United Kingdom and received airplay on Canadian radio. AllMusic highlighted the song as one of the most significant post-grunge songs of all time.
Song meaning
"He Wasn't" is about an unsuccessful relationship between Lavigne and a man who appears to be treating them badly, such as not even opening the door to them The song is a fast and up-beat take on the boyfriend "not being good enough" as opposed to Lavigne's slower paced songs from Under My Skin on the same matter. On a documentary of the making of the "My Happy Ending" music video, "He Wasn't" plays in the background and Lavigne jokes, "'He wasn't what I wanted'...is that a theme on my record?". Chantal Kreviazuk described the song as "a super-fun, punk, screw-you-to-boys song".
Critical reception
"He Wasn't" was criticized for the shallowness of the lyrics. Sal Cinquemani of Slant magazine described the song as a "crappy faux-punk tune", mostly because of the lyrical content. David Browne of Entertainment Weekly described the song as a "bratty kiss-off" and labelled it "boardroom-approved mall punk" noting that it sounded similar to songs on Lavigne's first album, Let Go.
However, "He Wasn't" has also been praised for its loud, catchy nature; Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic describes the song as "the fastest, loudest, catchiest, and best song here, and the one closest to the spirit and sound of Let Go". They also highlighted the song as a 'track pick' in a review of the album, Under My Skin. Rolling Stone was positive "The album's best song, a raucous three-minute sprint called "He Wasn't," has a pretty vacant opening line ("There's not much going on today/I'm really bored") and a simple yet ambiguous chorus: "He wouldn't even open up the door/He never made me feel like I was special." but "The words are full of contempt and self-pity, but they sing them like they don't really care." Yahoo Music! wrote: ""He Wasn't" maintains this theme (broken relationship) with a dashing, Clash-style chorus that chastises this young man for not opening doors. Jeez, young women these days - one minute they're wearing stack-heeled DMs and fairy queen ra-ra skirts and the next they give you hell for not acting like your dad."
Accolades
Music video
Background
The music video was directed by American duo The Malloys in New York on December 13, 2004. The production duo previously worked on the music video for Lavigne's "Complicated" (2002). Members of Lavigne's backing band, including Evan Taubenfeld, are featured in the music video.
During the shooting of the music video when the pink slime came out, Lavigne tells that days later their hair was still pink and they needed to redye it because during the next days they were scheduled to have a photoshoot with Cosmopolitan and their hair was looking really messy and all pink.
Synopsis
The video features Lavigne singing and their band playing instruments in the background. There are scenes where they dance around wearing white gloves, a pink skirt, and holding a magic wand (she is portraying a fairy), and other scenes where they are wearing devil horns on their head (she is portraying the devil). It turns out that Lavigne and their band are at a video shoot, and later get into a food fight, much to the dismay of the directors - who are played by Lavigne and the band, all dressed up in wigs and suits. Avril then rebels and smashes their guitar into the camera lens, and then into the paper wall, where pink paint splashes out. The video ends with the band dancing and Lavigne doing the splits.
Live performances
The song was performed during the Bonez Tour (2004-2005) as the opening song of the concert tour. "He Wasn't" has subsequently been included on Lavigne's the Best Damn World Tour (2008), Black Star Tour (2011-2012), the Avril Lavigne Tour (2013-2014), and Head Above Water Tour (2019).
Track listings and formats
UK CD
"He Wasn't" – 2:59
"He Wasn't" (live version) – 3:16
"He Wasn't" (video)
"Video Diary"
Australian CD
"He Wasn't" – 2:59
"He Wasn't" (live full band performance) – 3:13
"He Wasn't" (live acoustic version) – 3:16
"He Wasn't" (video)
French CD
"He Wasn't" – 2:59
"He Wasn't" (live acoustic version) – 3:16
Credits and personnel
Credits and personnel are adapted from the "He Wasn't" CD single liner notes.
Avril Lavigne – writer, lead vocals
Chantal Kreviazuk – writer
Raine Maida – producer
Brian Garcia – recording at Whitecoat Sound (Malibu) and The Boat (Los Angeles), digital editing, percussion
Danny Kalb – recording assistant
Bob Boyd – recording assistant
Jason Lader – digital editing
Tom Lord-Alge – mixing
Femio Hernandez – mixing assistant
Phil X – guitar
Mike Elizondo – bass
Bill Lefler – drums
Charts
Release history
References
External links
Avril Lavigne's official site
2004 songs
2005 singles
Arista Records singles
Avril Lavigne songs
Music videos directed by The Malloys
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Avril Lavigne
Songs written by Chantal Kreviazuk
Sony BMG singles
Assaf Khalifa (; born 1968) is a Syrian former footballer who played as a forward.
Club career
Khalifa was the first foreign player from outside the former USSR in the Russian Football Premier League when they joined FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi in 1994.
Managerial career
After retirement as a player, they went to coaching in Syria: Al-Nidal SC and Al-Wahda SC, Lebanon: Al-Mabarrah, Salam Zgharta and Al Nabi Sheet, Jordan: That Ras Club, and Oman: Oman Club.
Honours
Individual
Lebanese Premier League top goalscorer: 1995–96
References
1968 births
Living people
Syrian footballers
Al-Wahda SC (Syria) players
CS Sfaxien players
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Syrian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
Nejmeh SC players
Expatriate footballers in Lebanon
Association football forwards
Expatriate football managers in Jordan
Expatriate football managers in Lebanon
Expatriate football managers in Oman
Syrian football managers
Al-Wahda SC (Syria) managers
Syrian expatriate sportspeople in Lebanon
Lebanese Premier League players
Syrian Premier League players
Lebanese Premier League managers
Al Mabarra FC managers
Salam Zgharta FC managers
Al Nabi Chit SC managers
Lebanese Premier League top scorers
In enzymology, an ADP-L-glycero-D-manno-heptose 6-epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
ADP-D-glycero-D-manno-heptose ADP-L-glycero-D-manno-heptose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, ADP-D-glycero-D-manno-heptose, and one product, ADP-L-glycero-D-manno-heptose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is ADP-L-glycero-D-manno-heptose 6-epimerase. This enzyme participates in lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis. It employs one cofactor, NADP+ in a direct oxidation mechanism.
Structural studies
As of 2007, only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes, with the PDB accession code .
References
EC 5.1.3
NADH-dependent enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
Barry McDaniel (October 18, 1930 – June 18, 2018) was an American operatic baritone who spent their career almost exclusively in Germany, including 37 years at the Deutsche Oper Berlin. They appeared internationally at major opera houses and festivals, and created roles in several new operas, including Henze's Der junge Lord, Nabokov's Love's Labour's Lost, and Reimann's Melusine. They were also a celebrated concert singer and recitalist, focused on German Lied and French mélodie. They were the first singer of Wilhelm Killmayer's song cycle Tre Canti di Leopardi. They recorded both operatic and concert repertory.
Career
McDaniel was born in Lyndon, Kansas, to musical parents who soon became aware of their talent. From the age of nine they took systematic lessons in singing, piano and percussion and enjoyed considerable local popularity as a boy soprano soloist in churches and private concerts. When their voice changed from soprano to baritone, they studied voice first at the University of Kansas, and from 1950 at the Juilliard School of Music in New York as a student of the Mack Harrell. After graduating from Juilliard with honors, they were among the first young singers to go to Germany on a Fulbright scholarship in 1953. They studied with Alfred Paulus and Hermann Reutter at the Musikhochschule Stuttgart, where they worked on their already extensive repertoire of German and French art song. They made their first professional appearance as a recitalist in Stuttgart in 1953. Hermann Reutter – a renowned composer in their own right – was to become one of their favorite accompanists throughout their career. After a first contract with the Staatstheater Mainz in the 1954/55 season, they had to serve in the U.S. Army for two years. They were a member of the Staatsoper Stuttgart from 1957 to 1959, when they moved to the opera at the Staatstheater Karlsruhe.
In autumn 1961, Egon Seefehlner, the deputy director and talent scout of the newly reopened Deutsche Oper Berlin, heard them in a performance in Karlsruhe and recruited them for their opera. McDaniel remained under contract with the Deutsche Oper from 1962 till 1999, singing more than 1,800 performances, in the premieres of 54 productions. They collaborated with some of Germany's most distinguished stage directors such as Rudolf Sellner, Götz Friedrich or Günther Rennert, in an ensemble that included singers such as Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Elisabeth Grümmer, Josef Greindl, Ernst Haefliger, James King, Pilar Lorengar and Edith Mathis. Their stage repertoire of 98 roles encompassed Gluck and Mozart, Italian bel canto and Richard Strauss as well as contemporary opera, in which they created several roles. They were the first to appear as Cuauhtemoc in Montezuma by Roger Sessions in 1964, and as the Secretary in Hans Werner Henze's Der junge Lord in 1965. They created the title role in Isang Yun's The Dream of Liu-Tung at the Akademie der Künste in Berlin in 1965. In 1966, they took part in the premiere of Amerika by Roman Haubenstock. In 1973, they appeared as Merowne in the premiere of Nicolas Nabokov's Love's Labour's Lost, given by the Deutsche Oper Berlin at La Monnaie in Brussels. In 1976, they performed in the premiere of Der Tempelbrand by Toshiro Mayuzumi. In addition to their more than 2,100 stage and concert performances in Berlin, they gave frequent guest performances and recitals in opera houses of Hamburg and Frankfurt, and appeared regularly at the Munich Opera Festival for 11 years. They performed in Vienna, Geneva, Amsterdam, Mexico and Japan. In 1964 they appeared as Wolfram in Wagner's Tannhäuser at the Bayreuth Festival. They appeared as a male lead, Count Lusignan, in the premiere of Aribert Reimann's opera Melusine at the Schwetzingen Festival of 1971, in a production that was also shown at the Edinburgh International Festival that year, with Catherine Gayer in the title role. In 1972 they made their New York debut as Pelléas in Debussy's Pelléas et Mélisande at the Metropolitan Opera, with seven performances.
McDaniel displayed remarkable versatility as an oratorio singer and recitalist, with compositions from Baroque to contemporary. Their focus in sacred music was on Bach cantatas, and being the vox Christi (voice of Christ) in both Bach's St Matthew Passion and the St John Passion, and works by Georg Philipp Telemann. With Lied, they focused on Franz Schubert's great song cycles, Robert Schumann, Johannes Brahms and Hugo Wolf. They were also a frequent performer of French mélodies, such as by Claude Debussy, Maurice Ravel and Francis Poulenc, and a specialist of contemporary scores by composers such as Aribert Reimann, Anton Webern, Günter Bialas, Luigi Dallapiccola and Carl Orff. In 1967, they performed the vocal part in the premiere of Wilhelm Killmayer's song cycle Tre Canti di Leopardi in Munich, conducted by Reinhard Peters.
In 1970 they were awarded the title of Kammersänger by the Senate of Berlin. In the late 1980s, McDaniel began to cut back on their opera and concert performances and finally retired in 1999, after a series of solo concerts dedicated to the popular songs of their native country. They lived in Berlin, where they died on June 18, 2018.
Operatic roles
McDaniel's roles on the opera stage included:
Voice and recordings
McDaniel's voice was a lyric baritone with a range of 2½ octaves (from a low F in the St John Passion to a high A in Pelléas et Mélisande), a remarkable vocal technique and breath control (he was able to sing the 9-bar melisma in the opening phrase of the Kreuzstabkantate, BWV 56 in one breath), and a striking beauty of tone. The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians praises their "mellifluous voice" as well as "a fine sense of line and an acute understanding and projection of the text". Over the years the voice gained in nuances and depth of expression but never lost its youthful, lyrical character, and McDaniel always avoided straying beyond the limits of their Fach, e.g. to heavy Wagner or Italian Verismo parts. The weekly Die Zeit commented on their role in Melusine in 1971: "Such poetic vocal expression, such lucid operatic lyricism is unequalled today, and who could give it a more beguiling voice than Barry McDaniel."
McDaniel's recordings span their entire repertoire and all phases of their career. Some of them are commercially available: cantatas and oratorios by Johann Sebastian Bach, operas by Mozart, Strauss and Henze, and works of contemporary church music, many of which they were the first and only to commit to record. In 1964, they recorded Le Soleil des eaux by Pierre Boulez, alongside soprano Josephine Nendick and tenor . They recorded Schubert's Die Winterreise twice (1972 and 1985). They recorded in 1980, in a performance of the Salzburg Festival conducted by Leopold Hager, the role of Nardo in Mozart's La finta giardiniera. In 1989, they recorded the title role of Kurt Weill's Der Zar lässt sich photographieren with the Kölner Rundfunkorchester conducted by Jan Latham-Koenig. McDaniel sang many art songs for German public radio stations, the Swiss radio and the BBC. A 1972 live recording from the Metropolitan Opera which documents their Pelléas was reviewed by Hans Heinz Stuckenschmidt in 1963 as "a performance of perfection".
References
Further reading
"Barry McDaniel – A Singer's Life", a four-part interview with Aryeh Oron, April–June 2002
"American Papageno with Viennese Charm" by Gerhart Asche, Opernwelt, August 2004
External links
Barry McDaniel (Baritone) Bach Cantatas Website
Barry McDaniel Theaterfreunde Mainz
with tenor Alfredo Kraus (1970)
1930 births
2018 deaths
20th-century American male opera singers
American expatriate musicians
American expatriates in Germany
American operatic baritones
Juilliard School alumni
People from Lyndon, Kansas
Singers from Kansas
State University of Music and Performing Arts Stuttgart alumni
Singin' Spurs is a 1948 American Western musical film directed by Ray Nazarro and written by Barry Shipman. The film stars Kirby Grant, Patricia Barry, Lee Patrick, Jay Silverheels, Dick Elliott and William Wilkerson. The film was released on September 23, 1948, by Columbia Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Kirby Grant as Jeff Carter
Patricia Barry as Joan Dennis
Lee Patrick as Clarissa Bloomsbury
Jay Silverheels as Abel
Dick Elliott as Mr. Miggs
William Wilkerson as Chief Wolfpack
Fred F. Sears as Mr. Hanson
Chester Clute as Mr. Totter
Paul Trietsch as Hezzie
Ken Trietsch as Ken
Gil Taylor as Gil
Charles Ward as Gabe
Marion Colby as Singer
Red Egner as Singer
Billy Hill as Singer
References
External links
1948 films
1940s English-language films
American Western (genre) musical films
1940s Western (genre) musical films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Ray Nazarro
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
The Man Without Qualities (; 1930–1943) is an unfinished modernist novel in three volumes and various drafts, by the Austrian writer Robert Musil.
The novel is a "story of ideas", which takes place in the time of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy's last days, and the plot often veers into allegorical digressions on a wide range of existential themes concerning humanity and feelings. It has a particular concern with the values of truth and opinion and how society organizes ideas about life and society. Though the book is well over a thousand pages long in its entirety, no one single theme dominates.
Plot summary
Part I, titled A Sort of Introduction, is an introduction to the protagonist, a 32-year-old mathematician named Ulrich who is in search of a sense of life and reality but fails to find it. Their ambivalence towards morals and indifference to life has brought them to the state of being "a man without qualities", depending on the outer world to form their character. A kind of keenly analytical passivity is their most typical attitude.
Musil once said that it is not particularly difficult to describe Ulrich in their main features. Ulrich themselves only knows they are strangely indifferent to all their qualities. Lack of any profound essence and ambiguity as a general attitude to life are their principal characteristics.
Meanwhile, we meet a murderer and rapist, Moosbrugger, who is condemned for their murder of a prostitute. Other protagonists are Ulrich's mistress, Bonadea, and Clarisse, their friend Walter's neurotic wife, whose refusal to go along with commonplace existence leads to Walter's insanity.
In Part II, Pseudoreality Prevails, Ulrich joins the so-called "Collateral Campaign" or "Parallel Campaign", preparations for a celebration in honor of 70 years of the Austrian Emperor Franz Joseph's reign. That same year, 1918, the German Emperor Wilhelm II would have been ruler of their country for 30 years. This coincidence prompts Count Leinsdorf to suggest the creation of a committee to explore a suitable way to demonstrate Austria's political, cultural, and philosophical supremacy via a festival which will capture the minds of the Austrian Emperor's subjects and people of the world forever. On that account, many bright and vague ideas and visions are discussed (e.g., The Year of Austria, The World Year, The Austrian Peace Year or The Austrian World Peace Year).
A couple of people take part in the organization team or catch the eye of Ulrich. Ermelinda Tuzzi, called Diotima, is Ulrich's cousin as well as the wife of a civil servant; they try to become a Viennese muse of philosophy, inspiring whomever they invite to their salon; they bring both Ulrich and Arnheim, a Prussian business magnate and prosaic writer (whose character is based on the figure of Walter Rathenau) into their sphere. The nobleman in charge of the Campaign, the old conservative Count Leinsdorf, is incapable of deciding or even of not-deciding. General Stumm von Bordwehr of the Imperial and Royal Army is unpopular for their attempts in this generally mystical atmosphere to make things systematic whereas German business person Paul Arnheim, while an admirer of Diotima's combination of beauty and spirit, doesn't feel the need to marry them
While most of the participants (Diotima most feverishly) try to associate the reign of Franz Joseph I with vague ideas of humanity, progress, tradition, and happiness, the followers of Realpolitik see a chance to exploit the situation: Stumm von Bordwehr wishes to get the Austrian army income raised and Arnheim plans to buy oil fields in an eastern province of Austria. Musil's great irony and satire is that the planned celebration of international peace and imperial unity slides into national chauvinism, war, and imperial collapse. The novel thus provides an analysis of political and cultural processes that contributed to the outbreak of World War I.
Part III, entitled Into the Millennium (The Criminals), is about Ulrich's sister Agathe (who enters the novel at the end of Part II). They experience a mystically incestuous stirring upon meeting after their father's death. They see themselves as soulmates, or, as the book says, "Siamese twins".
As it was published, the novel ends in a large section of drafts, notes, false-starts and forays written by Musil as they tried to work out the proper ending for their book. In the German edition, there is even a CD-ROM available that holds thousands of pages of alternative versions and drafts.
The history of the novel
Musil worked on the novel for more than twenty years. They started in 1921 and spent the rest of their life writing it. When they died in 1942, the novel was not completed. The 1,074-page Volume 1 (Part I: A Sort of Introduction, and Part II: The Like of It Now Happens) and 605-page Volume 2 (Part III: Into the Millennium [The Criminals]) were published in 1930 and 1933 respectively in Berlin. Part III did not include 20 chapters withdrawn from Vol. 2 of 1933 while in printer's galley proofs. From 1933 until death, Musil was working on Part III. In 1943 in Lausanne, Musil's widow Martha published a 462-page collection of material from literary remains including the 20 galley chapters withdrawn from Part III, as well as drafts of the final incomplete chapters and notes on the development and direction of the novel. The Man Without Qualities Vol. 1 was published in English first in 1953 in translation by Eithne Wilkins and Ernst Kaiser. Vol. 2 followed in 1955, and 3 – in 1961. (London: Secker & Warburg, 1953, 1954, 1960, first editions, 8vo [Octavo (max. 6x9 inches)]; New York: Coward-McCann, Inc., first US editions). They were titled: Vol. 1 – A Sort of Introduction, The Like of It Now Happens (I); Vol. 2 – The Like of It Now Happens (II); Vol. 3 – Into the Millennium (III) (The Criminals), and had xxxv+365, vii+454, xi+445 pages respectively. In 1995, Knopf published a two-volume edition (1,774 pages) in translation by Sophie Wilkins and Burton Pike. Parts I and II are in Vol. 1, while Part III, the twenty galley chapters, and unfinished chapters, are in Vol. 2.
Musil's almost daily preoccupation with writing left their family in dire financial straits. The book brought neither fame nor fortune to them or their family. This was one of the reasons why they felt bitter and unrecognized during the last two decades of their life. The combination of poverty and a multitude of ideas is one of the most striking characteristics of Musil's biography.
There are strong autobiographical features to be found in the text as the main characters' ideas and attitudes are believed to be those of Musil. Most of the aspects of the Viennese life in the novel are based on history and Musil's life. The plot and the characters (with the exception of a short appearance of the Austrian emperor Franz Joseph I) are invented (although some of them had inspirations in eminent Austrians and Germans). Elsa (Berta) von Czuber, whom Musil met while they studied in Brno between 1889 and 1901, inspired them with the image of Ulrich's sister Agathe. Donath and Alice Charlemont, Musil's friends, were models of Walter and Clarisse and Viennese socialite Eugenie Schwarzwald gave birth to the character of Diotima. Arnheim may have been based on Walther Rathenau and Thomas Mann.
Their detailed portrait of a decaying fin de siècle world is similar to those of Hermann Broch's The Sleepwalkers, Karl Kraus' The Last Days of Mankind or Stefan Zweig's The World of Yesterday.
Some of Musil's working titles were The Gutters, Achilles (the original name of the main character Ulrich) or The Spy.
Style and structure
Musil's monumental novel contains more than 1,700 pages (depending on edition) in three volumes, the last of which was published by Musil's wife after their death. The novel is famous for the irony with which Musil depicts Austrian society shortly before World War I.
The story takes place in 1913 in Vienna, the capital of Austria-Hungary, which Musil refers to by the playful term Kakanien. The name Kakanien is derived from the German abbreviation K und K (pronounced "ka oond ka") for kaiserlich und königlich or "Imperial and Royal", used to indicate the status of Austria-Hungary as a Dual Monarchy. But 'kaka' is also a child's word for faeces in German, just as in American English, in the Spanish caca and in the Italian cacca. Also, 'kakos' is a Greek term for bad borrowed by a number of words in German and English, and Musil uses the expression to symbolise the lack of political, administrative and sentimental coherence in Austria-Hungary.
Musil elaborates on the paradoxes of the Kakanian way of life: "By its constitution it was liberal, but the system of government was clerical. The system of government was clerical, but the general attitude to life was liberal. Before the law all citizens were equal, but not everyone, of course, was a citizen. There was a parliament, but it used freedom in such an excessive way that it was kept almost always closed." (Musil: The Man without Qualities, Vol. 1: A Sort of Introduction, Chapter 8 – Kakanien).
The story contains approximately twenty characters of bizarre Viennese life, from the beau monde to the demi-monde, including an aristocrat, an army officer, a banker, three bourgeois wives, an intriguing chambermaid, a black pageboy, and last but not least a man who murders a prostitute.
The novel is told in the third-person omniscient point of view.
According to Italian writer Alberto Arbasino, Federico Fellini's film 8½ (1963) used similar artistic procedures and had parallels with Musil's novel.
Production
Musil's aim (and that of their main character, Ulrich) was to arrive at a synthesis between strict scientific fact and the mystical, which they refer to as "the hovering life."
Musil originally opposed publishing only sections of their still unfinished work and later regretted submitting to their publisher's insistence, because what was already printed could not be subjected to further amendments. Some chapters were redacted by Musil from the printers after they had already sent them for publication. Critics speculate on the viability of Musil's original conception. Some estimate the intended length of the work to be twice as long as the text that survives.
Legacy
In 1996 Knopf published a new English translation of Man Without Qualities by Sophie Wilkins and Burton Pike. The translation received a special citation for the PEN Translation Prize.
Writing about the Wilkins-Pike translation in The New York Times, Michael Hofmann wrote "Of all the great European novelists of the first third of the century – Marcel Proust, James Joyce, Franz Kafka, Thomas Mann, Virginia Woolf – Robert Musil is far and away the least read; and yet he's as shapely as Gibbon, as mordant as Voltaire, as witty as Oscar Wilde and as indecent as Arthur Schnitzler."
Writing about Musil in The New Criterion, Roger Kimball wrote, "Whatever else one can say about it, The Man Without Qualities stands as one of the great modern works of satire."
Robert McCrum ranked it one of the top 10 books of the 20th century: "This is a meditation on the plight of the little man lost in a great machine. One of Europe's unquestioned 20th-century masterpieces."
See also
Le Monde's 100 Books of the Century
Best German Novels of the Twentieth Century
Value theory
References
Sources
External links
1930 German-language novels
1943 German-language novels
Novels by Robert Musil
Austrian historical novels
Unfinished novels
Philosophical novels
Modernist novels
Novels set in Austria
Novels set in Vienna
Exilliteratur
Contemporary philosophical literature
Rowohlt Verlag books
Third-person narrative novels
John Fleetwood (1686–1745), of Great Missenden, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1713 to 1722.
Fleetwood was the eldest surviving son of William Fleetwood of Great Missenden Abbey and their second wife Sarah Bridgwood, daughter of Thomas Bridgwood, citizen and embroiderer of London. They matriculated at Oriel College, Oxford on 23 March 1702 aged 16.
Fleetwood was High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire for the year 1709 to 1710. At the 1713 general election they were returned as Member of Parliament for Buckinghamshire. They were returned unopposed in 1715, but did not stand in 1722.
Fleetwood married Elizabeth Seare, the daughter of Richard Seare of Great Missenden on 19 January 1724. They died in August 1745. They and their wife had no children and they were succeeded by their sister Mary.
References
1686 births
1745 deaths
People from Great Missenden
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1713–1715
British MPs 1715–1722
Dame Rose Tremain (born 2 August 1943) is an English novelist, short story writer, and former Chancellor of the University of East Anglia.
Life
Rose Tremain was born Rosemary Jane Thomson on 2 August 1943 in London to Viola Mabel Thomson and Keith Nicholas Home Thomson. Them paternal great-grandfather is William Thomson, who was Archbishop of York from 1862 to 1890.
They were educated at Francis Holland School, Crofton Grange School, the Sorbonne (1961–1962) and the University of East Anglia (BA, English Literature). They later went on to teach creative writing at the University of East Anglia from 1988 to 1995, and was appointed Chancellor in 2013.
They married Jon Tremain in 1971 and they had one daughter, Eleanor, born in 1972, who became an actor. The marriage lasted about five years. Them second marriage, to theatre director Jonathan Dudley, in 1982, lasted about nine years; and they have been with Richard Holmes since 1992. They live in Thorpe St Andrew near Norwich in Norfolk.
Writing
Them influences include William Golding, author of Lord of the Flies, and Gabriel Garcia Marquez's 1967 novel 100 Years of Solitude and the magical realism style.
 They are a historical novelist who approaches their subjects "from unexpected angles, concentrating their attention on unglamorous outsiders."
In 2009, they donated the short story The Jester of Astapovo to Oxfam's "Ox-Tales" project, four collections of UK stories written by 38 authors. Them story was published in the "Earth" collection.
They became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1983. Already Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE), Tremain was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2020 New Year Honours for services to writing.
Awards and honours
2017 Ribalow Prize for The Gustav Sonata
2017 Baileys Women's Prize for Fiction, longlist, The Gustav Sonata
2016 Costa Book Awards (novel), shortlist, The Gustav Sonata
2016 National Jewish Book Award for The Gustav Sonata
2013 Walter Scott Prize for Historical Fiction, shortlist, Merivel: A Man of Their Time
2012 Wellcome Trust Book Prize, shortlist, Merivel: A Man of Their Time
2008 Orange Prize, The Road Home
1999 Whitbread Award, Music and Silence
1994 Prix Femina Étranger, Sacred Country
1992 James Tait Black Memorial Prize, Sacred Country
1989 Booker Prize, shortlist, Restoration
1989 Sunday Express Book of the Year, Restoration
1984 Giles Cooper Award, Temporary Shelter (play)
1984 Dylan Thomas Prize
Selected bibliography
Novels
Sadler's Birthday (1976),
Letter to Sister Benedicta (1978),
The Cupboard (1981),
Journey to the Volcano (1985),
The Swimming Pool Season (1985),
Restoration (1989),
Sacred Country (1992),
The Way I Found Them (1997),
Music and Silence (1999),
The Colour (2003),
The Road Home (2008),
Trespass (2010 W.W. Norton),
Merivel: A Man of Their Time (2012),
The Gustav Sonata (2016),
Islands of Mercy (2020),
Lily: A Tale of Revenge (2021),
Collections of short stories
The Colonel's Daughter and other stories (1983)
The Garden of the Villa Mollini and other stories (1987)
Evangelista's Fan and other stories (1994)
The Darkness of Wallis Simpson and other stories (2006)
The American Lover (2014)
For children
Journey to the Volcano (1985)
Memoir
Rosie: Scenes from a Vanished Life (2018)
References
External links
Susanna Rustin, "Costume dramatist", The Guardian, 10 May 2003.
Blake Wilson, "Stray Questions for: Rose Tremain" (interview), The New York Times, 15 May 2009.
Sian Cain, "Costa book award 2016 shortlists dominated by female writers", The Guardian,, 22 November 2016.
1943 births
Living people
People educated at Francis Holland School
20th-century English novelists
21st-century English novelists
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Academics of the University of East Anglia
Chancellors of the University of East Anglia
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Costa Book Award winners
English women novelists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature
James Tait Black Memorial Prize recipients
Prix Femina Étranger winners
University of Paris alumni
Writers from London
21st-century English women writers
20th-century English women writers
Writers from Norfolk
People from Thorpe St Andrew
Raúl Marcelo Vázquez (born 16 January 1948) is a Cuban former cyclist. They competed at the 1968, 1972 and the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Cuban male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Cuba
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
Pan American Games silver medalists for Cuba
Cyclists at the 1979 Pan American Games
Kamchuga () is a rural locality (a village) in Medvedevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 23 as of 2002.
Geography
Kamchuga is located 30 km northeast of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kamchuga (settlement) is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Narragansett Runestone, also known as the Quidnessett Rock, is a slab of metasandstone located in Rhode Island, United States. It is inscribed with two rows of symbols, which some have indicated resemble ancient runic characters.
The stone was stolen in 2012. On April 26, 2013, the Rhode Island Attorney General announced that the rock was recovered after an individual came forward with information. The rock was moved to the University of Rhode Island School of Oceanography for testing, but the tests were not carried out because it would have required damaging the stone.
In January 2014, plans were announced to move the runestone to Goddard Memorial State Park in East Greenwich. In October 2015, the runestone was placed for long-term public viewing in Wickford, a village of North Kingstown, Rhode Island.
Provenance
The Narragansett runestone was first reported to the Rhode Island Historical Preservation and Heritage Commission (HPHC) in the 1980s. The New England Antiquities Research Association (NEARA) ran several studies and published a number of papers about the rock in the 1980s and 1990s. According to NEARA, the stone was discovered by a quahogger in December 1984 while digging in the mud flats of Narragansett Bay.
The HPHC was unable to find any information about the stone in any previous inventories of Narragansett Bay. They found that as early as 1939, the runestone was located upland and may have been buried. Recently, the inscriptions on the stone were visible only for a short period of time between the shifting tides, due to dramatic erosion of the shoreline at Pojac Point and the fact that the stone was positioned only from the extreme low tide mark.
In 2014, Everett Brown of Providence reported that they and their brother Warren had carved the runes on Quidnessett Rock in the summer of 1964. They said that they had forgotten about the incident until the stone was removed and recovered in 2013. Their account has been disputed by other local people, who state that they saw the stone before 1964, and have challenged other elements of their statements.
Media
The stone is referenced in episode 11 of season 1 of America Unearthed.
Disappearance and recovery
The state Coastal Resources Management Council reported that the runestone had been removed from the tidal waters off Pojac Point between July and August 2012. In May 2013, the state Attorney General's Environmental Unit and DEM's Criminal Investigation Unit announced that they had recovered the stone.
Town historian and independent columnist G. Timothy Cranston said that a Pojac Point resident had removed the stone, as they were tired of having tourists scouring the neighborhood and shoreline looking for the stone. They said that the resident, who was not named, was ordered by state officials to retrieve the stone after having sunk it in deeper waters off the coast. After the stone was recovered, in October 2015 it was placed for long-term public viewing in Wickford, a village of the Town of North Kingstown, Rhode Island.
See also
Kensington Runestone
AVM Runestone
Heavener Runestone
References
1939 archaeological discoveries
20th-century inscriptions
American folklore
Inscriptions of disputed origin
Narragansett Bay
North American runestone hoaxes
Pseudoarchaeology
Rhode Island culture
A list of skateparks in New York City.
List of parks by borough
The Bronx
Bronx Skate Park (Allerton Skatepark)
Bruckner Skate Park (a.k.a. Throggs Neck)
Mullaly Skate Park
Playground 52 LII
River Avenue Skate Park
Van Cortlandt Skate Park
Williamsbridge Oval Skate Park
Brooklyn
Betsy Head Skatepark
Brower Park Skate Park
Canarsie Park Skatepark
City Line Park
Cooper Park Skatepark
Golconda Skatepark (a.k.a. Fat Kid)
Martinez Playground Skate Park (a.k.a. Blue Park & Blue floor)
McCarren Park Skatepark
Millennium Skate Park a.k.a. Owl's Head Skate Park
Robert Venable Skate Park
Rudd Skate Park
St. Mary's Playground
Seba Playground Skate Park
Sgt. William Dougherty Skate Park
Substance Skatepark
Thomas Greene Park Skate Park
Vans Skate Space 198
Washington Park Skate Park (a.k.a. MS 51)
Manhattan
LES Skatepark
Pier 62 Skatepark
Highbridge Skatepark
Riverside Skatepark
Thomas Jefferson Park Skate Park
Tompkins Square Park
TriBeCa Skatepark
Open Road Skate Park (Summer only)
Queens
Astoria Skate Plaza
Far Rockaway Skate Park
Flushing Meadows Corona Skate Park
Forest Park Skate Park
London Planetree Skate Park
Rockaway Skate Park
Far Rockaway Skate Park
Staten Island
5050 Skatepark
Ben Soto Skate Park
Faber Skate Park
References
Parks in New York City
The following lists events that happened during 1924 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Amanullah Khan
January 1924
After long delay, the Afghan government at length took energetic measures to arrest the lawless gangs which, after committing several murders of British officials and their wives across the border, had found refuge on Afghan territory. The so-called "Kohat gang" was captured on January 13 and brought to Kabul, and of the "Landi-Kotal" murderers one was killed a few days afterwards and the other wounded, but not captured. The prisoners were subsequently deported to Turkestan. At the same time the Afghan government desisted from employing Wazir tribesmen from British territory in its army, thus showing a less unfriendly spirit to Britain than had characterized it for some time previously.
End of April 1924
The amir had to, as in the previous year, meet a serious rebellion, the Khost rebellion, due to discontent with the reforms which they were seeking to introduce. The centre of the revolt was the Khost district, and the chief tribe engaged was the Mangals. The rebels threatened Matun, and a considerable force was sent by the amir to relieve it. A sharp engagement took place near the city in May, with indecisive result. The revolt gained strength, and in July the rebels proclaimed Abd-al Karim as amir, professing to be a grandson of amir Shir Ali. The Indian government, however, claimed they were the illegitimate Indian-born son of amir Yakub Khan, who disowned them as a disgrace to the Afghan community.
In August, the amir purchased two aeroplanes from the British for use against the rebels, and their consort stimulated the enthusiasm of their soldiers by distributing large rewards to all who served under their flag. Nevertheless, the struggle with the rebels, who had been joined by other tribes, continued for some time. In October the rebels began to show signs of demoralization; a severe defeat was inflicted on them at Logar, and by November the insurrection in the Khost had generally subsided. The government, however, still maintained a strong force in the Khost.
Earlier in the year Russian envoys at Kabul sought to excite anti-British feeling, and in particular to accuse Britain of fomenting the rebellion. In spite of this, relations between Afghanistan and Britain improved considerably.
Births
March 10 – Ludwig W. Adamec, Afghan-born Austrian historian (died 2019)
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Elsendorf is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kelheim (district)
The following are the records of Moldova in Olympic weightlifting. Records are maintained in each weight class for the snatch lift, clean and jerk lift, and the total for both lifts by the Weightlifting Federation of Republic of Moldova.
Current records
Men
Women
Historical records
Men (1998–2018)
Women (1998–2018)
References
External links
records
Moldova
Olympic weightlifting
weightlifting
Carmen Salvatore Cali (born November 2, 1978) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher.
Cali graduated in 1997 from Naples High School in Naples, Florida, after lettering and starring four years in both football and baseball. They went on to graduate from Florida Atlantic University, where they played baseball for the Owls under head coach Kevin Cooney.
They were selected by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 10th round of the 2000 MLB Draft and made their minor league debut with the New Jersey Cardinals. They continued through the Cards minor league system, playing with the Peoria Chiefs, Potomac Cannons, Palm Beach Cardinals and Memphis Redbirds. (In 2002, while with the Cannons, Cali was featured in The Washington Post by humorist Gene Weingarten.
Cali made their major league debut with the St. Louis Cardinals on September 8, against the San Diego Padres, working 2/3 of an inning and giving up three runs. They appeared in 10 games for the Cards that September and another six in 2005.
They spent the whole season in the minors and went on to sign a minor league deal with the Minnesota Twins on December 7, 2006. They spent the season splitting time between the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings and the Twins, appearing in 24 games in the Majors with a record of 0-1 and a 4.71 ERA.
After spending 2008 back in the minors, they became a free agent and signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers. They pitched in seven games for the Double-A Chattanooga Lookouts and nine games for the Triple-A Albuquerque Isotopes before they were released on June 27.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Albuquerque Isotopes players
Baseball players from Cleveland
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Florida Atlantic Owls baseball players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Memphis Redbirds players
Minnesota Twins players
Naples High School alumni
New Jersey Cardinals players
Palm Beach Cardinals players
Peoria Chiefs players
Potomac Cannons players
Rochester Red Wings players
Springfield Cardinals players
St. Louis Cardinals players
Tennessee Smokies players
Dan Lebental is an American film editor who has edited many films for the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Selected filmography
Mortal Kombat (2021)
Bad Boys for Life (2020)
Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019)
Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018)
Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017)
CHiPs (2017)
Term Life (2016)
Ant-Man (2015)
Thor: The Dark World (2013)
Cowboys & Aliens (2011)
Iron Man 2 (2010)
Couples Retreat (2009)
Iron Man (2008)
The Woods (2006)
The Break-Up (2006)
Zathura: A Space Adventure (2005)
Elf (2003)
11:14 (2003)
From Hell (2001)
Happy Campers (2001)
Where the Money Is (2000)
Very Bad Things (1998)
Deceiver (1997)
Dead Presidents (1995)
External links
References
Living people
American film editors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Florina Pană (born January 20, 1973 in Bucharest) is a now retired female long-distance runner from Romania. They set their personal best (2:30:23) in the women's marathon on April 18, 1999 in Bordeaux, France.
Achievements
References
1973 births
Living people
Romanian female long-distance runners
Sportspeople from Bucharest
The East London Theatre Archive (ELTA) is a digital theatre archive based at the University of East London, in London, England. The ELTA contains 15,000 digitised objects including images, papers, photographs and artefacts. The Joint Information Systems Committee (JISC) provided £500,000 funding to support the ELTA digitisation project.
In July 2018 the website was taken offline. As of 2020 it is still offline.
ELTA Digitisation Project
The ELTA was funded by JISC to address the lack of digital resources that covered the history of theatre and music halls in East London, UK. The digitisation project undertaken by ELTA began on 24 March 2007 and was completed on 27 February 2009. The ELTA currently (2011) holds a range of theatre related digital assets that date from 1827 to the present day.
References
External links
East London Theatre Archive website
Archives in the London Borough of Newham
Archives in the United Kingdom
Theatre archives
The Motorola affair was an incident that resulted in the resignation of South Australian Premier John Olsen on 22 October 2001. Olsen's resignation came after the release of the Clayton Report, which stated that they had given "misleading, inaccurate and dishonest evidence to a judicial inquiry".
History
Following the 1983 Ash Wednesday bushfires in South Australia, it was found that the state's emergency services radio network needed significant improvement. A whole-of-government network was later recommended. In mid-1993, consultants suggested that Motorola technology would be most suited for the government radio network.
Separate to the government radio network, in 1994, Olsen, the state's industry minister at the time, signed a deal with Motorola to establish a software centre in Adelaide. Later in parliament, Olsen claimed they did not discuss with Motorola about the government radio network contract. Two years later, in November 1996, Olsen became Premier and announced Motorola was the preferred supplier for the government radio network.
In 1998, it was alleged that during the 1994 software centre deal, Olsen promised Motorola preferential treatment for the government radio contract. This led to a judiciary inquiry into the deal, which investigated if Olsen had misled Parliament over the contract. The report from the inquiry prepared by former chief magistrate Jim Cramond cleared Olsen of any wrongdoing.
In February 2001, opposition frontbencher Pat Conlon revealed leaked documents they claimed were withheld from the Cramond inquiry. This led to suspicion that the documents from the inquiry were deliberately withheld. In March, Olsen appointed Dean Clayton QC to look into the 1998 inquiry. The report, named Clayton Report, was released in October which stated that Olsen had given "misleading, inaccurate and dishonest evidence" to the judicial inquiry. The report also found that former Government adviser Alex Kennedy and the former head of their Department of Industry and Trade also "gave false evidence to the same inquiry".
In the days following the findings, there was growing speculation that Olsen would either resign or face a leadership spill within their own party. They ended up fronting the media and was steadfast in their own defence saying the report that they set up was wrong and handed out copies of their own 48 page response. Olsen stated "It says amongst other things that I, in answers to Mr Cramond, was misleading, inaccurate and dishonest. I was not and I absolutely refute Mr Clayton's assertion. The report clearly indicates there are no criminal activities, no illegal activities", and again backed the Motorola deal that was done. However, they went on to say they were "a political realist and for that reason I intend to offer my resignation to my Party as Premier of this State". They said they intended to seek further legal advice and continue to defend their integrity.
Olsen was replaced as leader and premier by Rob Kerin on 22 October 2001.
References
Political scandals in Australia
Motorola
2001 in Australia
Politics of South Australia
2000s in South Australia
2001 controversies
2001 in politics
George Washington Wilson (February 22, 1840 – November 25, 1909) was an American lawyer, politician, and veteran of the Civil War who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1893 to 1897.
Biography
Wilson was born in Brighton, Ohio, and attended the common schools and Antioch College, Yellow Springs, Ohio.
On August 8, 1862, they enlisted in the Ninety-fourth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry and was commissioned second lieutenant. While with First Regiment, United States Veteran Volunteer Engineers, they were promoted to First Lieutenant July 2, 1864, and afterward captain. They mustered out of the service October 1, 1865.
They studied law and was admitted to the bar on August 7, 1866, and practiced in London, Ohio. They served as prosecuting attorney of Madison County 1866–1870, a member of the Ohio House of Representatives 1871–1874, and served in the Ohio State Senate 1877–1881.
Wilson was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-third and Fifty-fourth Congresses (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1897).
After that, they resumed the practice of law in London, Ohio and served as delegate to the 1896 Republican National Convention, mayor of New London and prosecuting attorney of Madison County.
They died in London, Ohio, November 25, 1909, and was interred in Kirkwood Cemetery.
References
Retrieved on April 14, 2009
External links
Ohio state senators
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Union Army officers
Ohio lawyers
County district attorneys in Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
Antioch College alumni
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
People from London, Ohio
1840 births
1909 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Below is the list of earthquakes in Moldova stronger than 5.0Mw
References
Geography of Moldova
Moldova
Earthquakes
Microsporum gypseum is a soil-associated dermatophyte that occasionally is known to colonise and infect the upper dead layers of the skin of mammals. The name refers to an asexual "form-taxon" that has been associated with four related biological species of fungi: the pathogenic taxa Arthroderma incurvatum, A. gypsea, A. fulva and the non-pathogenic saprotroph A. corniculata. More recent studies have restricted M. gypseum to two teleomorphic species A. gypseum and A. incurvatum. The conidial states of A. fulva and A. corniculata have been assigned to M. fulvum and M. boullardii. Because the anamorphic states of these fungi are so similar, they can be identified reliably only by mating. Two mating strains have been discovered, "+" and "–". The classification of this species has been based on the characteristically rough-walled, blunt, club-shaped, multicelled macroconidia. Synonyms include Achorion gypseum, Microsporum flavescens, M. scorteum, and M. xanthodes. There has been past nomenclatural confusion in the usage of the generic names Microsporum and Microsporon.
History
The teleomorphic states of this species were originally the first to be discovered by Arturo Nannizii for M. gypseum in 1927, but their contribution was largely ignored by the scientific community. Until Christine Dawson and J.C. Gentles discovered anamorph Arthroderma uncurvatum, the teleomorph of Trichophyton ajelloi. Shortly after this, D.M. Griffin rediscovered M. gypseum by Nanizzi, and another individual P.M. Stockdale also isolated the second teleomorph of the species naming it Nannizzia incurvatum. Stockdale then confirmed that Nannizzia incurvatum differed from the original isolate of M. gypseum isolated by Nannizzi and proposed that two teleomorphic states of M. gypseum exist for the anamorph, thereby naming the latter N. gypsea. Various authors, such as Stockdale, M.F. Visset, and J.W. Rippon have agreed that the differences in structure of the anamorphic state of the complex of M. gypseum are inadequate for making distinctions between anamorphic states because of how similar they look. It is now believed that very similar anamorphs, M. gypseum and M. fulvum, consist of three teleomorphs: N. gypsea, N. incurvatum, and N. fulva. Shortly after, Arthroderma replaced Nannizzia, where Arthroderma is depicting the teleomorphic states, and Microsporum refers to the anamorphic states.
Morphology
The colonies of M. gypseum are described as cottony or powdery, they grow rapidly with a colour range of white to buff, with a reserve that can range from pink, to red, to yellow (cinnamon); they may occasionally have overtones of violet. The powdery appearance of the colony is due to the abundant production of macroconidia on the older mycelium, while the edges of the colony are described as scalloped to ragged and can exhibit pleomorphism. Macroconidia of M. gypseum have a substantial range that can occur as short pedicels, terminal, solitary, spindle shaped, large, thick walled, that are smooth or roughened, borne directly on hyphae or on short branches. They are often very large (e.g., 40–150 x 8–15 μm), ellipsoid to fusiform, moderately thick, have verrucose and are 4–6 septate. The macroconidia also possess a rat-like tail at the edges of the conidia. The ascoma of the fungus is a globose, appendaged gymnothecium that is pale buff in colour and 500–1250 μm in diameter. The peridial hyphae are hyaline, pale buff, septate, and are branched with thinly but have densely verrucose walls. Microconidia are drop shaped, clavate, (1.7–3.5 x 3.3–8.3 μm), unicellular, smooth-walled or can be slightly roughened and are created laterally on the hyphae. The abundance of microconidia is characteristic of the fungus. The hyphae or appendages are of three kinds in the fungi, the first being straight, slender, smooth walled hyphae that can grow up to 250 μm long; they taper at 2.5–4.0 μm in diameter at the base but close to about 1.5-2 μm. The second are slender, smooth-walled, septate, spiral hyphae that are rarely branched, which have a base diameter of 2.5–3.5 μm that taper up to 1.5-2 μm in diameter. They are usually variable in their coiled state, ranging from tightly to loosely coiled with numerous but variable numbers of turns. The third are thick-walled, verruculose, ellipsoid or fusiform macroconidia, that are 35–55 x 10–13.5 μm, with up to five septa. The asci of the fungus are subglobose, thin-walled, evanescent, which are 5-7 μm in diameter and contain a total of eight ascospores. The ascospores are smooth-walled, lenticular, 1.5–2 x 2.5–4 μm in diameter, and when in mass are yellow. Additionally, the spiral hyphal appendages that ornament the ascomata are often produced spontaneously in culture in the absence of gymnothecia. The fungus does not have any specific nutritional requirements for growth. The teleomorphic features of the microsporum on colonial and microscopic features are often done on Takashio's Medium. However, distinguishing is best done by mating (+/–) or by genetics. The species is heterothallic, and a such mating is controlled by a 1-locus, 2-allele compatibility system. Comparatively A. gypseum produces more spreading and a coarser granular colony; the macroconidia also are wider and the surface colour is brighter and redder than A. incurvatum. Colonies of A. incurvatum are pale buff in colour and finely granular, occasionally with a reddish to yellow reverse.
Ecology
The species is geophilic, is abundant in soil and can be isolated around the world; it is in world wide distribution. However, it is rare in places such as the United States, United Kingdom, and Germany but common in South America. It is defined to be either cosmopolitan or confined to a certain graphical region. The fungus can be found in soil of greenhouses and munition factories within these areas. The species itself commonly infects humans whom are closely tied to these areas because of agricultural work. In these areas, soil moisture is indicative role in the presence of the M. gypseum complex, areas with higher moisture tend to be preferred. Correlations between infections and soil types indicate that most improved soils of the clayey or clayey-sandy type are preferred, particularly those fertilized with keratinous manure. Additionally the fungus prefers soils with a pH of 7-7.5. Various soils in correlation with number of infections indicates that the fungus specifically prefers chernozemic soil (74%), of which positive isolates occur.
The role of infection by the fungi is influenced by the climate and geographical characteristics which favor the life of the dermatophyte as dictated by the average rainfall rate and average air temperatures. There tends to be a greater number of infections in later seasons as emphasis is placed on age, sex, months of onset of infection, and marked localization of the fungus. Adults, particularly males are typically infected, and of those infected usually involved in agricultural practices, such as greenhouses and plant nursery workers. School-age males are more prone than females because of contact in the soil. Onset of infection usually occurs from August to November, when humans come into contact with soil more often.
Epidemiology
The species is keratinophilic and is known for causing diseases on human skin. The genus Microsporum contains a number of pathogens to both humans and animals. The diseases it causes is classified as tinea or ringworm, with an adjective prescribing to the afflicted body part. Infection usually occurs as tinea capitis with suppuration and kerion formation. Pus formation can also occur from palpitated hair follicles. The species is ectothrix in terms of hair infection and can infect more than one part of the scalp at a time. The fungus produces hyphal growth at the scalp, and produces fronds (perforating organs) that invade the hair perpendicularly at the cortex near the edge of the cuticles. This can cause hair to be easily removed and dislodged from the scalp. Additionally, individuals with thick dark hair have a tendency to have a more severe inflammatory response. Tinea corporis, as well; this is characterized as an intense inflammatory response resembling a bacterial infection, thus surgical intervention is not needed because inflammation is due to the fungus alone. Also, tinea pedis, or athletes foot is common, while tinea unguium is rare. Additionally tinea manuum, of the thighs may occur as nodular granulomatous perifolliculitis, has been noted with infection of the thighs. Favus, (a severe form of tinea capitis) is rarely seen to be caused by this fungus. However the most common cause in humans seems to be tinea capitis and tinea corporis. As such clinical manifestations are localized to localization of contact. Transmission from animals to humans is supported; especially in those constrained to agricultural work. Handlers of laboratory animals, including guinea pigs, cats, and rabbits can also be at risk of contracting the fungi if the animals were predisposed to a certain area. The fungus infects animals that associate themselves with soil on a repeated basis. So as such animals like cattle are commonly affected but horses, rodents, monkeys and dogs have a tendency to acquire it. Entry of the fungus or contraction of one or more of these diseases is caused by deposition on human skin, and contact with soil is usually the primary cause of infection. Quantitatively, animal or humans must acquire at least ten fungal spores on a keratin rich surface in order to acquire an infection. Additionally of the mating types, the positive strain is more pathogenic then the negative strain. Identification is usually classified on the appearance of the fungus on the host via a sample culture. Both M. gypseum and M. fulvum have been commonly isolated from patients with human infections of the disease. Human to human transmission is known to occur.
Microsporum gypseum is categorized as a rare agent of infection, and usually only occurs in rural areas. The infections associated with hair can also be prone to fluorescence under a Wood's Lamp. Sometimes these clinical manifestations are not ringworm but appear as impetigo, scleroderma or psoriasis. The lesions are usually inflammatory, impetiginous, and sometimes bullous with rapid development and resolution; this is accompanied by scarring and permanent patches alopecia. The greatest intensity of inflammation is at the advancing margin of the ring. Direct examination with KOH of skin, reveal mycelium and masses of arthroconidia in some chains; KOH examination of hair produces distinctive large macroconidia in chain or irregular masses of hair. Mycelium was also discovered to run parallel to its length. Wood's lamp tests on humans indicate the fungus by fluorescence. The fungus is encountered rarely as a confirmed agent of onychomycosis in which the infection is validated by both a direct observation of filaments in the nail and recovery of the fungus in culture.
Pathogenicity
The pathophysiological mechanisms associated with the fungi are due to either the presence of substances on the surface of the fungi, or substances released by the fungi. These can include: surface adhesins, mannans, enzymes such as proteinases, peptidases, DNases, and lipases. The extracellular proteases released assist the fungus in invading the host skin barrier (keratin rich) with the presence of keratinase (keratinolytic activity increases). They then use the proteases to enhance their survival by chemically or physically altering the environment to their benefit by digesting the host proteins, thus providing themselves with nutrition. These proteases are found in all stages of growth (lag to declining) but peak at the mid log phase. These proteases are determined to be secreted during the lag phase of growth as they are secreted without the presence of host related proteins. It is assumed that the regulation and secretion of these enzymes is in part due to other differently regulated enzymes. Keratinolytic activity is also determined to be indicative of pathogenetic potential. Excessive exogenous carbohydrates such as glucose have been found to play a recessive role in protease release, as the presence of glucose decreases the amount of keratin hydrolyzed. The presence of hormones such as progesterone have also been seen to have an inhibitory effect on the growth of dermatophytes.
Treatment
Therapy regarding deep fungal infections should be provided with amphotericin B therapy. Oral ketoconazole with topical enilconazole has been found to help treat skin lesions. Animal treatment is usually done with itraconazole or ketoconazole; most European countries use off label terbinafine in cats and dogs. However the most common antifungal drug used for systemic use is griseofulvin because it is often the cheapest; treatment is usually on a common dose regimen of 50 mg per kg every twelve to twenty four hours. Most of these administered drugs are variants of imidazoles. The treatment of onychomycosis involves the administration of itraconazole with systemic griseofulvin in combination with topical enilconazole, sometimes a ciclopiroxolamine solution and systemic terbinafine is used. The mistreatment of fungal pathogens is due to the thought of bacterial infection and the administration of corticosteroids. This causes a change in appearance of the lesion and can lead to a harder diagnosis. Mycological examination should form the basis of diagnosis before the administration of antibiotics or corticosteroids.
References
External links
Microsporum gypseum in Index Fungorum
Animal fungal diseases
Mammal diseases
Arthrodermataceae
Fungi described in 1907
Slave of Love could refer to the following:
Aido: Slave of Love, 1969 Japanese film
A Slave of Love, 1976 Russian film
Slave to Love, 1985 Bryan Ferry song
Slave of Love, 2014 Armenian TV series
Lumellogno is a settlement of some 1,500 people to the south-west of the city of Novara in the Italian province Piedmont. Administratively it is a quarter (quartiere) of the Commune of Novara; geographically it is separated from the town by paddy fields and the torrent Agogna.
Lumellogno was the birthplace of the noted twelfth-century scholastic Petrus Lombardus.
Notes
Cities and towns in Piedmont
The Battle of Cyców () took place during the Polish-Bolshevik War on 15 and 16 August 1920. It is one of the battles that constitute a larger operation commonly referred to as the battle of Warsaw. It occurred in the fields surrounding the village of Cyców, some east of Lublin.
Background
The Polish plan for the Battle of Warsaw was based on two assumptions: that Warsaw would withstand a direct assault by Red Army's forces and that the corps-sized Assault Group under direct command of Gen. Józef Piłsudski gain enough time to concentrate behind Wieprz river and prepare a counter-offensive. For the latter to be possible, the Polish forces near Lublin and Zamość (Polish 3rd Army) had to prevent the Bolshevik South-Western Front from reaching the battlefield.
Battle
On 15 August the forces of 58th Rifle Division (514th and 155th Rifle Regiments, reinforced with cavalry and artillery, some 1,550 first-line troops and 235 cavalrymen all together) arrived to the area north of Cyców. The Polish forces in the area consisted of elements of the 4th Cavalry Brigade (Third Silesian Uhlan Regiment and 7th Regiment of Lublin Uhlans), reinforced with mounted artillery battalion and two reserve battalions of infantry. All together, Maj. Cyprian Bystram (CO of 3rd Uhlans' Regiment and temporary commander of the Polish 4th Brigade) had 928 cavalrymen and 900 infantrymen at their command.
The Russian forces assaulted the Polish infantry along the road leading towards Lublin, near Garbatówka. The Polish units, composed mainly of rear echelon troops and lightly wounded servicemen from nearby field hospitals, offered stiff resistance for the remainder of the day. Despite numerical superiority, it was not until the following morning that the Russians finally broke through the Polish lines and entered Cyców, in pursuit of the fleeing remnants of the Polish infantry battalions. At Głębokie however, the Polish infantry made another stand, this time helped by mobile artillery of the 2nd Artillery Battalion.
The Russian forces were stopped and Polish cavalry arrived to the battlefield just in time. Before the Russians could regroup, they were charged by the two cavalry regiments and routed. The remnants of the Russian division were surrounded the following day by the 3rd Legions Infantry Division and annihilated.
The battle of Cyców is featured on the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Warsaw.
Conflicts in 1920
1920 in Poland
Cycow
August 1920 events
The George W. Tillery House is a historic mansion in Pulaski, Tennessee, U.S..
History
The land was purchased by George W. Tillery, a carpenter from South Carolina, in 1838. They built the house in 1840. It was designed in the Greek Revival architectural style. Tillery lived in the house until 1869.
The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since July 5, 1985.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Greek Revival houses in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1840
Antebellum architecture
Houses in Giles County, Tennessee
The Bollinger B2 was a prototype electric, dual-motor truck by Bollinger Motors, which the company hoped produce for sale. It was discontinued before it entered production. It had an announced base price of $125,000.
References
Electric trucks
The Potomac Water Gap is a double water gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains, located at the intersection of the states of Virginia, West Virginia and Maryland, near Harpers Ferry. At , it is the lowest crossing of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
Geography
As the Potomac River approaches the Blue Ridge on the eastern edge of the Shenandoah Valley, the river turns to the south paralleling the ridge to Bolivar, West Virginia, where it then cuts east, past Harpers Ferry to its confluence with the Shenandoah River at the western edge of the first gap between Blue Ridge Mountain to the south in Virginia and West Virginia and Elk Ridge Mountain to the north in Maryland. The River continues east for , passing through the White Horse Rapids, before reaching the second gap between the Short Hill Mountain to the south in Virginia and South Mountain to the north in Maryland.
U.S. Route 340 and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad both pass through the Potomac Water Gap. Historically, the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal passed through the gap as well.
History
The history of the gap is inexorably tied to that of Harpers Ferry and the surrounding area. When Thomas Jefferson came to the town they remarked, while viewing the gap from Jefferson Rock on the ridge above the town, that "the view was worth a trip across the Atlantic." In 1859, Robert E. Lee, was hastily sent in and while reportedly wearing civilian clothes, led a detachment of Marines which passed through the gap en route to Harpers Ferry to put down John Brown's raid. During the American Civil War, the gap was used frequently by both Confederate and Union Armies to pass through the mountains and was the scene of fighting at the Battle of Harpers Ferry. Today, like the town, the gap, in addition to a thoroughfare, is a tourist destination. It is part of two national parks, Harpers Ferry National Historical Park and the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal National Historical Park, and the scenic Appalachian Trail passes through it as well.
External links
topo map
Gallery
References
Valleys of Maryland
Water gaps of Virginia
Valleys of West Virginia
Blue Ridge Mountains
Landforms of Loudoun County, Virginia
Landforms of Washington County, Maryland
Landforms of Jefferson County, West Virginia
Water gaps of the United States
Appalachian Trail
Kobda (, ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the aul of Kobda. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
Sir Henry Murray Fox, GBE, FRICS (7 June 1912 – 9 November 1999) was a British chartered surveyor who was Lord Mayor of London from 1974 to 1975.
The son of Sir Sidney Fox, Sheriff of the City of London for 1952–53, and Molly Button, Murray Fox was educated at Malvern College and Emmanuel College, Cambridge. They joined Hallett, Fox & White, chartered surveyors, in 1935, subsequently becoming its senior partner; the firm later merged with Chesterton & Son.
A member of the Court of Common Council of the City of London between 1963 and 1982, they were Alderman for Bread Street Ward from 1966 to 1982. They were Sheriff of the City of London for 1971–72, Lord Mayor of London for 1974–75, and one of HM Lieutenants for the City of London from 1976 to 1983. They were also master of the Worshipful Company of Wheelwrights and of the Worshipful Company of Coopers. They were appointed a GBE in 1974.
Fox married Helen Isabella Margaret, daughter of J. B. Crichton; they had a son and two daughters. Lady Fox died in 1986.
References
Who Was Who
1912 births
1999 deaths
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
20th-century lord mayors of London
Alumni of Emmanuel College, Cambridge
Chartered Surveyors
Sheriffs of the City of London
Councilmen of the City of London
Aldermen of the City of London
External links
Urmanayevo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Urmanayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 256 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Urmanayevo is located 39 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Suyundyukovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Direct electric action is one of various systems used in pipe organs to control the flow of air (wind) into the organ's pipes when the corresponding keys or pedals are depressed. In direct electric action, the valves beneath the pipes are opened directly by electro-magnet solenoids, while with electro-pneumatic action, the electro-magnet's action admits air into a pneumatic or small bellows which in turn operates the pipe's valve.
Other types of actions used in pipe organs are tracker action, using mechanical linkage of rods and levers, and tubular-pneumatic action which utilizes a change of pressure within lead tubing which connects the key to the valve pneumatic.
Sources
William H. Barnes The Contemporary American Organ (1959)
Pipe organ components
is a Japanese entrepreneur, and the former CEO of DeNA Co., Ltd.  They are Vice-Chair of the Japan Business Federation.
In 1999 they founded DeNA, one of Japan's largest mobile social network and mobile game companies. They transitioned from CEO to Executive Chairman of DeNA in 2011 to focus on their family and personal life. In 2021, they were appointed Vice-Chair of the Japan Business Foundation to become the first woman in the post in its 75-year history.
Namba received an MBA from Harvard Business School and was the third Japanese woman to become a partner at McKinsey & Co. They started DeNA after working on a consulting assignment with Sony's So-net while they were a consultant at Mckinsey.
References
External links
Tomoko Namba's Official Blog "DNA of DeNA" (Ameba Blog)
1962 births
DeNA
Living people
McKinsey & Company people
Tsuda University alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
The Black Isle (, ) is a peninsula within Ross and Cromarty, in the Scottish Highlands. It includes the towns of Cromarty and Fortrose, and the villages of Culbokie, Jemimaville, Rosemarkie, Avoch, Munlochy, Tore, and North Kessock, as well as numerous smaller settlements. About 12,000 people live on the Black Isle, depending on the definition.
The northern slopes of the Black Isle offer fine views of Dingwall, Ben Wyvis, Fyrish and the deepwater anchorage at Invergordon. To the south, Inverness and the Monadhliath Mountains can be seen.
Description
Despite its name, the Black Isle is not an island but a peninsula, surrounded on three sides by the sea – the Cromarty Firth to the north, the Beauly Firth to the south, and the Moray Firth to the east.
On the fourth, western side, its boundary is broadly delineated by rivers. The River Conon, which divides Maryburgh from Conon Bridge, defines the border in the north-west. The south-western boundary is variously considered to be either a minor tributary of the River Beauly separating Beauly (in Inverness-shire) and Muir of Ord (on the Black Isle in Ross and Cromarty), dividing the two counties and also delineating the start of the Black Isle; or alternatively, the River Beauly itself, thus including Beauly in the Black Isle despite its official placement in Inverness-shire.
There are modern road bridges across the Cromarty and Beauly Firths, which carry the A9 trunk road across the heart of the Black Isle. The last remaining ferry is a summer service from Cromarty to Nigg. The North Coast 500 scenic route crosses the base of the peninsula.
The Black Isle is close to railway stations at Inverness and along the Far North Line to Dingwall, as well as Inverness Airport and the cruise ship terminal at Invergordon. There are a number of hotels and B&Bs on the Black Isle itself, with many more nearby.
Land use is primarily arable farming and forestry. Since the Kessock Ferry across the Beauly Firth was replaced by the bridge, the Black Isle has become something of a commuter zone for Inverness.
The whole of the Black Isle is part of the Presbytery of Ross.
The Black Isle has a wide variety of wildlife including several legally protected areas. It is particularly known for the chance to see bottlenose dolphins at close range, either from wildlife boat operators in Avoch and Cromarty or from the beach at Chanonry Point between Rosemarkie and Fortrose.
Castles
Castles on the Black Isle (whether ruinous or otherwise) include Castlecraig, Redcastle, and Kilcoy Castle. Cromarty House stands on the site of former Cromarty Castle and is built in part from its reclaimed stone and timbers. Kinkell Castle has been recently restored. Former castles of the Black Isle for which there are no physical remains include Tarradale Castle, Castle Chanonry of Ross and a mound indicating the former site of Ormond Castle.
History
Conventional middle to modern Black Isle history is well documented at a number of visitor centres and cottage museums sprinkled across the peninsula. According to the Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition, it was originally called Ardmeanach (Gaelic ard, height; maniach, monk, from an old religious house on the wooded ridge of Mulbuie), and it derived its customary name from the fact that, since snow does not lie in winter, the promontory looks black while the surrounding country is white. However, that is only one theory amongst many.
Rosehaugh, near Avoch, belonged to Sir George Mackenzie, founder of the Advocates' Library in Edinburgh, who earned the sobriquet of "Bloody" from their persecution of the Covenanters. Redcastle, on the shore, near Killearnan church, dates from 1179 and is said to have been the earliest inhabited house in the north of Scotland. On the forfeiture of the earldom of Ross it became a royal castle (being visited by Mary, Queen of Scots), and afterwards passed for a period into the hands of the Mackenzies of Gairloch. Previously, the Black Isle had been Munro country.
The Black Isle was one of the earliest parts of the northern Highlands to experience the clearances and was settled with many Lowland shepherds and farmers, especially from the north east.
Hugh Miller, self-taught geologist and writer, was born in Cromarty where their cottage is now a National Trust for Scotland museum.
Alexander Mackenzie, who crossed Canada overland in 1793 and gave their name to the Mackenzie River, is buried near Avoch.
Between 1989 and 1994, 93 red kites of Swedish origin were reintroduced to the Black Isle.
From 1894 until 1960 the Black Isle Railway, known officially as the Fortrose Branch, ran from Muir of Ord to Fortrose.
Education
The principal secondary school on the Black Isle is Fortrose Academy which currently has around 780 pupils. Fortrose Academy is one of the top 50 secondary Schools in Scotland
There are a number of primary schools (listed below), most of whom transfer pupils to Fortrose Academy when they become of age, whilst the others transfer pupils to Dingwall Academy.
Ben Wyvis Primary School
Tore Primary School
Avoch Primary School
Culbokie Primary School
Ferintosh Primary School
Mulbuie Primary School
Cromarty Primary School
North Kessock Primary School
Munlochy Primary School
Beauly Primary School
Tarradale Primary School
Culture
In addition to its Gaelic heritage, the Black Isle had its own dialect of North Northern Scots, used mainly among fisherfolk in Avoch and Cromarty, where it became extinct in October 2012, upon the death of Bobby Hogg, the last native speaker.
Now barely used, there are Clootie well sites at Munlochy, Jemimaville and Avoch.
Anne MacLeod, the writer, lives on the Black Isle.
Composer/musician Neil Grant is originally from Culbokie.
See also
Easter Ross
Ross-shire
Cromartyshire
Ross and Cromarty
References
External links
Black Isle Partnership website
Listen to recordings of a speaker of Scots from the Black Isle
Ross and Cromarty
Peninsulas of Scotland
Samir Sophian Chergui (born 6 February 1999) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays as an central back for Paris FC.
Career
A youth product of Auxerre since 2013, Chergui signed a professional contract with them on 20 June 2019. On 3 March 2020, they were released from Auxerre after repeated misconducts including arriving drunk at training the day after their 21st birthday.
A few months after, Chergui signed with Paris FC. Chergui made their professional debut with Paris FC in a 1–1 Ligue 2 tie with AC Ajaccio on 8 January 2021.
Personal life
Born in France, Chergui is of Algerian descent.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Arpajon
French footballers
Association football midfielders
French sportspeople of Algerian descent
Paris FC players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
Footballers from Essonne
Lazio is a region in central Italy that includes the city and province of Rome. This article is about the music of the region of Lazio excluding Rome, itself. For that, see Music in Rome.)
Lazio is surrounded by music.
Besides the province of Rome, the other provinces in the region of Latium are Frosinone, Latina, Rieti, and Viterbo. Generally speaking, the Lazio Symphony, which has its base in Rome, itself, "plays the provinces," so to speak, and puts on regular concerts throughout Latium. Other than that, the provinces offer:
Frosinone: this is the historic region that recalls the presence of Cicero and Pope Boniface VIII. It is also the site of the abbey of Monte Cassino famed as the first monastery in the western monastic tradition and as the home of Pope Gregory the Great, codifier of the chants that bear their name. Frosinone also hosts the Licinio Refice music conservatory, one of the largest in Italy, with 1000 students and about 100 faculties;
Latina: there is a new auditorium such as the Teatro comunale and the new Pontino music festival; Latina is as well the site of the annual International Music Campus, a music and theater festival;
Rieti: The most proment musical venue in Rieti is the Teatro Flavio Vespasiano.
Viterbo: the city hosts an annual Baroque music festival and sponsors a prominent Youth Symphony Orchestra.
Folk tradition
Latium shares the ottava rima folk tradition with nearby Tuscany and Abruzzo. Ottava rima (also poeti contadini) is a kind of vocal music that can be competitive and improvised, thoughtful, articulate and political, and is sometimes based on the work of Ariosto, Dante and Homer.
Latium is also home to the saltarello, a 4/4 dance that is most closely associated with Alta Sabina.
The folk music of Latium was recorded as part of the Italian roots revival in the 1960s, by groups like Canzoniere del Lazio.
References
Surian, Alessio. "Tenores and Tarantellas". 2000. In Broughton, Simon and Ellingham, Mark with McConnachie, James and Duane, Orla (Ed.), World Music, Vol. 1: Africa, Europe and the Middle East, pp. 189 - 201
(Much of the information on the musical activities, theaters and other venues for music in this region is taken from Guide Cultura, i luoghi della music (2003), ed. Touring Club Italiano.)
External links
Teatro Flavio Vespasiano, Rieti
Frosinone music conservatory
International Music Campus
Concerts today in Latium
Latium
Annino () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Modern localities
Annino, Bryansk Oblast, a village in Usokhsky Selsoviet of Trubchevsky District of Bryansk Oblast
Annino, Ivanovo Oblast, a village in Kineshemsky District of Ivanovo Oblast
Annino, Baryatinsky District, Kaluga Oblast, a village in Baryatinsky District, Kaluga Oblast
Annino, Khvastovichsky District, Kaluga Oblast, a selo in Khvastovichsky District, Kaluga Oblast
Annino, Ulyanovsky District, Kaluga Oblast, a village in Ulyanovsky District, Kaluga Oblast
Annino, Leningrad Oblast, a logging depot settlement in Anninskoye Settlement Municipal Formation of Lomonosovsky District of Leningrad Oblast
Annino, Lipetsk Oblast, a selo in Petrovsky Selsoviet of Gryazinsky District of Lipetsk Oblast
Annino, Ruzsky District, Moscow Oblast, a selo in Kolyubakinskoye Rural Settlement of Ruzsky District of Moscow Oblast
Annino, Serebryano-Prudsky District, Moscow Oblast, a selo in Mochilskoye Rural Settlement of Serebryano-Prudsky District of Moscow Oblast
Annino, Volokolamsky District, Moscow Oblast, a village in Chismenskoye Rural Settlement of Volokolamsky District of Moscow Oblast
Annino, Penza Oblast, a village in Malosergiyevsky Selsoviet of Tamalinsky District of Penza Oblast
Annino, Mikhaylovsky District, Ryazan Oblast, a selo in Mishinsky Rural Okrug of Mikhaylovsky District of Ryazan Oblast
Annino, Alexandro-Nevsky District, Ryazan Oblast, a settlement in Leninsky Rural Okrug of Alexandro-Nevsky District of Ryazan Oblast
Annino, Samara Oblast, a selo in Privolzhsky District of Samara Oblast
Annino, Saratov Oblast, a settlement in Yekaterinovsky District of Saratov Oblast
Annino, Tula Oblast, a village in Zeleninskaya Rural Territory of Suvorovsky District of Tula Oblast
Annino, Kesovogorsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Kesovogorsky District, Tver Oblast
Annino, Kimrsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Kimrsky District, Tver Oblast
Annino, Torzhoksky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Torzhoksky District, Tver Oblast
Annino (Stolipinskoye Rural Settlement), Zubtsovsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Zubtsovsky District, Tver Oblast; municipally, a part of Stolipinskoye Rural Settlement of that district
Annino (Pogorelskoye Rural Settlement), Zubtsovsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Zubtsovsky District, Tver Oblast; municipally, a part of Pogorelskoye Rural Settlement of that district
Annino (Zubtsovskoye Rural Settlement), Zubtsovsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Zubtsovsky District, Tver Oblast; municipally, a part of Zubtsovskoye Rural Settlement of that district
Annino, Sudogodsky District, Vladimir Oblast, a village in Sudogodsky District, Vladimir Oblast
Annino, Suzdalsky District, Vladimir Oblast, a village in Suzdalsky District, Vladimir Oblast
Annino, Cherepovetsky District, Vologda Oblast, a selo in Anninsky Selsoviet of Cherepovetsky District of Vologda Oblast
Annino, Sheksninsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Domshinsky Selsoviet of Sheksninsky District of Vologda Oblast
Abolished localities
Annino, Novgorod Oblast, a village in Zhirkovskoye Settlement of Demyansky District of Novgorod Oblast; abolished in December 2012
Henriette Sabel (née Schneider) is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love). The character was introduced by Susanne Seuffert, who played the role from March 8, 2001 to March 12, 2001. The role was recast in 2010 with Angelika Fornell. They played the part from August 23, 2010 to September 6, 2010. They returned for a few episodes from December 18, 2012 to December 21, 2012.
Henriette is Oliver Sabel (Olli)'s overbearing and conservative mother.  They are shocked to find out that their son is in a romantic relationship with another man. Disgusted and disappointed, they leaf town. Olli is left heartbroken by their mother's behavior as their aunt Charlie becomes a mother figure for them in the following years.
Henriette surprisingly returns when Olli is about to marry their longtime boyfriend, Christian Mann. They plead with them to not undermine the institution of marriage and refuses to attend the wedding. Eventually Christian tells them how much they love their son and how happy they make each other. In the end, Henriette overcomes their beliefs and attends the wedding. They congratulate the couple and asks for forgiveness. Charlie and Henriette travel for some time before returning to Meppen.
In 2012, Henriette reappears to confront Charlie about the affair they had with their late husband Wolfgang.
References
Verbotene Liebe characters
Television characters introduced in 2001
The 2013 Stadium Super Trucks Series was the inaugural season of Stadium Super Trucks competition. The series marked the revival of off-road racing in stadiums, originally created by Mickey Thompson, and reintroduced by former NASCAR driver Robby Gordon. The trucks were one of four classes available, along with Bigfoot Monster Trucks, Super Trophy Karts, and Super Buggys.
The champion was awarded the Mickey Thompson Championship Trophy. Gordon won the championship by seven points over Rob MacCachren.
Drivers
Schedule
Season summary
Robby Gordon organized an exhibition race at Crandon International Off-Road Raceway in September 2012 for the series to test their equipment. Numerous TORC and LOORS off-road drivers were invited to participate.
The opening race of the season, at University of Phoenix Stadium, initially was led by Justin Matney until Lalo Laguna passed them on lap 2. However, Laguna lost the lead to Rob MacCachren after hitting the water barrier and MacCachren dominated the rest of the race. Next, the series traveled to Long Beach for the Grand Prix of Long Beach, where ramps were added to the track. Justin Lofton won the race. SST remained in southern California at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, racing on the first asphalt track laid in the stadium, and at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, where future series and NASCAR Gander RV & Outdoors Truck Series champion Sheldon Creed made their debut.
At the Edward Jones Dome, MacCachren triumphed. The next race was scheduled to occur at Soldier Field, but was eventually canceled. Dates at the Georgia Dome, Cowboys Stadium, and the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome were also called off. The Honda Indy Toronto road course was a late addition to the series schedule as a doubleheader. Justin Lofton and Creed won the Saturday and Sunday races, respectively.
The next stop was Crandon, with MacCachren claiming their fourth win of the season in the first race on Friday night. In the second race on Sunday afternoon, the trucks raced the track in the opposite direction for the second half of the 12-lap event. Creed and Jerett Brooks battled for the win, with the latter winning.
The next three rounds were held at Sand Sports Super Show. Robby Gordon dueled with Lofton throughout the first race until Lofton struck a water barrier as Gordon won. Lofton subsequently suffered from mechanical issues and finished fifth. In the next round, pole-sitter Mike Jenkins entered turn 2 too quickly and rolled over, giving Apdaly Lopez the lead, though Lofton passed him. As in the previous race, Lofton and Gordon battled for the victory, but a miscue by Gordon allowed Lofton to get the win. Lofton and Gordon continued to dominate the track as they started first and second, respectively, in the third race. With the invert, Lopez led, and at the lap six restarts, Gordon suffered damage to their truck and rolled over. Gordon was able to make a late charge, but Creed eventually won.
The season finale was held at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, held concurrently with the SEMA auto show. In the race, P. J. Jones claimed their first win of the season, while Gordon won the championship by just seven points over MacCachren.
Results and standings
Race results
Drivers' championship
Notes
References
Stadium Super Trucks
Stadium Super Trucks
Voyce is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Edward Voyce (1633–1713), English clergyman
Inez Voyce (1924–2022), American baseball player
Julie Voyce (born 1957), Canadian artist
Tom Voyce (born 1981), English rugby union player
See also
Voce (surname)
Jack Cardwell (November 9, 1925 – October 22, 1993) was an American country music singer, songwriter, and disk jockey.
Biography
Cardwell was raised on a farm in Chapman, Alabama and was self-taught on guitar. They attended the Barton Academy and worked as an electrician for the port at Mobile.
Cardwell became a radio personality on Mobile-based radio station WKAB in the early 1950s, where they hosted the Tom 'n Jack Show. Around 1952 they also debuted on local television, hosting the Friendly Variety Show until 1967. Their radio and television platforms helped launch the careers of musicians such as Luke McDaniel and Curly Brooks. Shortly after Hank Williams died, Cardwell wrote and recorded a tribute titled "The Death of Hank Williams" and released it on King Records. The song reached #3 on the Billboard charts in 1953. They also had a top-ten hit that year with "Dear Joan".
In 1969, Cardwell had another chart hit, "Jesus Was a Soul Man", which Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice later identified as one of the influences on the creation of Jesus Christ Superstar.
References
1925 births
1993 deaths
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
American country singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
American radio personalities
American television personalities
Country musicians from Alabama
Singer-songwriters from Alabama
KDVC (98.3 FM; "The Dove") is a radio station serving the Columbia, Missouri area. It broadcasts a fully-automated soft adult contemporary format with no DJs. The station is owned by Iris Media, with Zimmer Radio Group operating and managing KDVC through a local marketing agreement.
History
From its launch on November 9, 2016, KDVC played commercial-free Christmas music as "K-Santa". At 12:01am December 26 KDVC played "Faith" by George Michael (who had died the day before) as the official sign on of "98.3 the Dove". The station continues to play all-Christmas music in November and December of each year.
KDVC revived the 98.3 frequency in Columbia, which between 1971 and 2001 was occupied by KFMZ, a rock station. Its license was canceled in 2001 after a years-long revocation battle triggered when station owner Mike Rice was convicted of sexual misconduct with underage boys. After Rice's appeals on their criminal conviction and with the FCC were exhausted, KFMZ and all of its sister stations left the air on October 4, 2001. The 98.3 frequency returned to the air in 2015 as a translator for the K-Love contemporary Christian network. To make way for the launch of KDVC, K-Love relocated to a former Zimmer Radio-held translator spot at 106.5 in September 2016.
References
External links
KDVC website
DVC (FM)
Soft adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 2016
2016 establishments in Missouri
The Serbaninae are a highly modified subfamily of Pentatomidae, containing only a single known species, Serbana borneensis. It is known from very few specimens, from Malaysia and Borneo, and was originally described in the family Phloeidae, a group known only from South America, then later reclassified as a pentatomid.
References
Invertebrates of Borneo
Pentatomidae
Insects described in 1906
Monotypic Hemiptera genera
Arlay is a commune in the Jura department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Saint-Germain-lès-Arlay was merged into Arlay.
History
Arlay's early importance lay in the fact that it was a station where the "Salt Road" forded the river Seille. It was refounded by the Romans as an oppidum and functioned as a Gallo-Roman city until it was repeatedly laid waste from the third to the fifth century in the barbarian invasions. The presence of Burgundians at the site is testified to by their tombs. Waldalenus, Patrician of Burgundy, had their palatium here at the end of the sixth century, and their son, Donatus, abbot of Luxeuil, established a monastery here, dedicated to Saint Vincent; the abbey church was noted in 654. A hospital associated with the abbey was in existence in the twelfth century.
In the thirteenth century the barony of Arlay, on the borders with the Bresse region, passed into the dynasty of the counts of Châlons, the preeminent noblemen in the south of the Franche-Comté. They controlled the exploitation of salt mined at Salins. Their heirs became Princes of Orange in the early fifteenth century, when Jean III de Chalon-Arlay married the heiress of the Principality of Orange; the title baron of Arlay is still held by Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands.
The castle of Arlay, rebuilt in stone in the ninth to eleventh centuries, was attacked by the French forces of Louis XI and of Henri IV and was fully destroyed in 1637 by troops of Louis XIII; though the château-fort was reduced to ruins, Arlay and the Franche-Comté did not definitively become French until 1674.
Population
Vineyards
The vineyards that surround the ruins of the castle are among the oldest continuously-worked vineyards of France, though the label Château d'Arlay (Côtes du Jura AOC), on 30 hectares (74 acres) was only established in 1960, by comte R. de Laguiche.
Château d'Arlay
The eighteenth-century Château d'Arlay was built by the comtesse de Lauraguais, c 1770-80, on the former site of the convent of the Minimes near the foot of the small eminence occupied by the château-fort. Its contents were dispersed at the French Revolution and Mme de Lauraguais died under the guillotine in 1794, but in 1825 the property was assumed by prince Pierre d'Arenberg, grandson of Mme de Lauraguais, who refurnished it with the classical furniture in pale veneers and fruitwoods (bois clair) characteristic of the reign of Charles X, which remain in the house today; in addition to its interior decor, it preserves remains of its park and modern flower gardens.
The caves called the Grottes de Saint-Vincent contain marks of human presence in the Upper Paleolithic Magdalenian epoch.
See also
Communes of the Jura department
References
Communes of Jura (department)
Châteaux in France
Fortified French châteaux
Grödinge tapestry () is a type of handwoven tapestry that is on display at the Swedish History Museum in Stockholm, Sweden. It originates from the Grödinge Church (Grödinge kyrka) in the Diocese of Strängnäs at Botkyrka Municipality in Södermanland County, Sweden. The tapestry was donated to the Swedish History Museum in 1910.
History
The weave has been dated to the 15th century. The tapestry is made in a weaving technique called double cloth (finnväv), and it has a symmetrical square pattern in blue and white with lions, birds and eagles or falcons, as well as dragons along the lower edge. All animals are depicted in profile and in the same direction. The dragons along the lower part of the tapestry are linked to each other with their long tails.
The patterns on the Grödinge tapestry have been associated to patterns from Byzantium, with clear traces of Scandinavian influences. The Grödinge tapestry consists of two lengths, of which one has remaining edges which shows the weave width to be about . The original length for both the tapestries is unknown.
The tapestry is made of wool. It stands out for great technical finesse and clear composition, representing the transition between the early medieval textiles made in double cloth and the later ones with strong renaissance elements. A simpler version from Sankt Mårten in the National Museum of Finland in Helsinki. Other tapestries of the same kind have been found in Södra Råda and Överenhörna in Sweden, and at Rauma, Finland.
In 1971, the Swedish postal service issued two stamps featuring motifs from the tapestry: a lion and a griffin.
See also
Överhogdal tapestries
Skog tapestry
References
External links
[https://www.botkyrka.se/bibliotek--kultur/kulturhistoria/kulturhistoriska-guiden/grodinge-kyrka.html Grödinge Church website
Scandinavian folklore
Tapestries
Medieval Sweden]
Medieval textile design
Textile arts of Sweden
Foster (also known as Fosters) is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States. Its population was 44 as of the 2010 census, which recorded it as a city; although Foster was once incorporated, it had become unincorporated by 2008.
History
Foster has the name of pioneer citizen Israel Foster. Variant names have been "Fosters Landing" and "Fosters". A post office called Foster's Landing was established in 1847, and the name was changed to Foster in 1850.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Former municipalities in Kentucky
Populated places disestablished in 2008
Telfair County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 16,500. The largest city and county seat is McRae-Helena.
In 2009, researchers from the Fernbank Museum of Natural History announced having found artifacts they associated with the 1541 Hernando de Soto Expedition at a private site near the Ocmulgee River, the first such find between Tallahassee, Florida and western North Carolina. De Soto's expedition was well recorded, but researchers have had difficulties finding artifacts from sites where they stopped. This site was an indigenous village occupied by the historic Creek people from the early 15th century into the 16th century. It was located further southeast than de Soto's expedition was thought to go in Georgia.
History
Archaeologists associated with Atlanta's Fernbank Museum of Natural History have excavated a plot near McRae-Helena and approximately a mile from the Ocmulgee River, beginning in 2005. In 2009 they announced finding evidence of a Spanish settlement dating to the first half of the 16th century. The archaeologists originally believed that the artifacts may have come from a settlement founded by Spanish leader Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón from Hispaniola in 1526 and briefly occupied by hundreds of colonists. The group encountered hard conditions and fewer than 200 survived to return to Hispaniola.
Additional research suggests that the site instead was one visited in 1541 by the de Soto Expedition. Researchers have recovered Murano glass beads, made in Venice, Italy, and brought by the Spanish for trading with Native Americans; pottery fragments, and iron weapons. Some of the beads bear a chevron pattern. Such beads have been identified as a hallmark of the de Soto expedition, due to the limited period of time in which they were produced. Excavations have also produced six metal objects, including three iron tools and a silver pendant.
The site is further west than scholars had earlier believed that the de Soto expedition had traveled, based on documentation from their expedition. This was the first evidence found of their expedition between Tallahassee, Florida, where excavations have revealed artifacts of their expedition, and western North Carolina where another site has been found.
This site is believed to have been a Native American community, occupied from the end of the 15th century through the first decades of the 16th century. At that time, they had neither glass nor metal goods. Blanton presented a paper on their findings on November 5, 2009, at the Southeastern Archaeological Conference in Mobile, Alabama.
The historic Creek people occupied much of this area of Georgia. Telfair County was established by European Americans on December 10, 1807, as part of Georgia. Development of the county largely took place after Indian Removal in the 1830s of the Creek Confederacy, who had occupied a large territory, including the southern two thirds of present-day Georgia, for thousands of years. They were removed to Indian Territory west of the Mississippi River, in today's Oklahoma. The county is named for Edward Telfair, the sixteenth governor of Georgia and a member of the Continental Congress.
Many of the first European-American settlers were Scottish immigrants and Scots-Irish migrants who traveled down the backcountry from Pennsylvania and Virginia.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water. The county contains at least 50 artesian wells.
The southern two-thirds of Telfair County, bordered by a line from Milan east to Lumber City, are located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The northern portion of the county is located in the Little Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 280
U.S. Route 319
U.S. Route 341
U.S. Route 441
State Route 19
State Route 27
State Route 30
State Route 31
State Route 117
State Route 132
State Route 149
State Route 149 Connector
State Route 165
Adjacent counties
Wheeler County (northeast)
Jeff Davis County (southeast)
Coffee County (south)
Ben Hill County (southwest)
Wilcox County (west)
Dodge County (northwest)
Laurens County(north)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 11,794 people, 4,140 households, and 2,873 families living in the county. The population density was 27 people per square mile (10/km2). There were 5,083 housing units at an average density of 12 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 59.71% White, 38.44% Black or African American, 0.03% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 1.16% from other races, and 0.47% from two or more races. 1.82% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,140 households, out of which 31.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.40% were married couples living together, 16.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.60% were non-families. 28.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.50% under the age of 18, 10.30% from 18 to 24, 30.10% from 25 to 44, 22.30% from 45 to 64, and 14.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 110.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 113.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,097, and the median income for a family was $32,513. Males had a median income of $26,444 versus $19,970 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,197. About 17.30% of families and 21.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.40% of those under age 18 and 23.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 16,500 people, 5,543 households, and 3,609 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,297 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 57.0% white, 36.5% black or African American, 0.6% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 4.1% from other races, and 1.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 12.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.1% were English, and 6.6% were American.
Of the 5,543 households, 31.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.7% were married couples living together, 17.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.9% were non-families, and 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.02. The median age was 39.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $23,876 and the median income for a family was $36,109. Males had a median income of $27,278 versus $28,253 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,420. About 23.3% of families and 31.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 39.1% of those under age 18 and 29.5% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
The 2020 United States Census indicated that the county lost 24% of its population in the preceding decade.
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 12,477 people, 4,668 households, and 3,259 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cities
McRae-Helena (county seat)
Lumber City
Milan
Scotland
Town
Jacksonville
Unincorporated communities
Towns
Workmore
Politics
Telfair County had been a reliably Democratic county in its Solid South days, but later became a swing county for the rest of the 20th century. The last Democrat to win the county was Tennessean Al Gore in 2000, and the county has trended towards the GOP in more recent elections.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Telfair County, Georgia
List of sites and peoples visited by the Hernando de Soto Expedition
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1807 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1807
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
In the mythology of Fiji, Gedi (Ngendi) is a fertility god who taught humanity the use of fire
References
Fijian deities
Fertility gods
Fire gods
The Indian Police Medal (IPM) was an award of the British Raj presented to both European and Asian police personnel. Established in 1932, the award was presented for meritorious service and gallantry that was of a lesser degree than what was required for the King's Police Medal.
History
It was decided that further recognition was required for the members of the police forces within India. Already eligible for the King's Police Medal, there were many acts of service and bravery notable enough for recognition, but not meeting the requirements of the King's Police Medal. On 23 February 1932, a royal warrant was promulgated establishing the Indian Police Medal. The medal was meant to recognize both acts of meritorious and noteworthy service, as well as gallantry. The medal was limited to 200 annual awards. A royal warrant in 1942 allowed the Viceroy of India, in exceptional circumstances, to raise the number of awards to 250 in a year. The Indian Police Medal ceased to be awarded after India became a republic. The Indian Police medal was replaced by the Police Medal which was established by the Government of India notification dated 15 March 1951.
Appearance
The Indian Police Medal is round and made of bronze. The obverse bears the effigy of the reigning monarch. The reverse of the medal depicts a wreath around the edge, surmounted by a crown. In the middle are the words FOR GALLANTRY or FOR MERITORIOUS SERVICE depending on the conditions under which the medal was awarded. The first version of the medal bore the inscription FOR DISTINGUISHED CONDUCT.
The suspension and service ribbons of the medal are wide. It is dark blue, with silver edges and a crimson centre stripe. For gallantry awards, the blue sections are split by a thin silver stripe.
References
Courage awards
Orders, decorations, and medals of British India
Civil awards and decorations of India
Law enforcement awards and honors
Awards established in 1932
1932 establishments in India
History of law enforcement in India
Awards disestablished in 1951
1951 disestablishments in India
Tunsbergdalsbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Luster in Vestland, Norway. It is a side branch of the Jostedalsbreen glacier, and is included in the Jostedalsbreen National Park.
See also
List of glaciers in Norway
References
Glaciers of Vestland
Luster, Norway
is a video game developed and published by Sunsoft for the Family Computer. It was released exclusively in Japan in 1986 and was re-released for the two-in-one PlayStation game, Memorial Series SunSoft Vol. 3 alongside Tōkaidō Gojūsan-tsugi, another Sunsoft game.
Gameplay
The Wing of Madoola is a side scrolling action-adventure game. The player must progress through 16 stages, collecting items which increase the main character Lucia's power, and defeat the boss of each stage in order to gain entrance to the next stage. The Wing of Madoola resembles the anime , which was popular back when the game was being developed and released.
The game is considered to be difficult to beat. Although Lucia's strength and health increase throughout the game, enemies generally do large amounts of damage, and many continue to smash into Lucia for multiple consecutive hits. Some stages are very large, and it is easy to overlook some of the more necessary items that can make the completion of the game much easier. Many of the bosses can withstand a tremendous amount of damage before being defeated.
Plot
Once upon a time, in the Kingdom of Badham, there was a statue of a bird known as the Wing of Madoola. Whoever possessed the wing would possess the power to rule the world, and many wars were fought between nations to obtain it. A wise king, one of the members of the Rameru family, managed to get a hold of the wing, and ordered that a deep cave be constructed where the wings would be hidden so that the wars would cease. The knowledge of the cave would be recorded and locked away, accessible only to the rulers of the land. Peace soon returned to the world.
Several centuries later, a young member of the Rameru family known as Darutos learned of the location of the wing through the kingdom's secret archives. They betrayed the family and stole away with the Wing of Madoola. Using the power of the wing, they summoned demons to attack and take over castle Arekusu. They constructed an underground labyrinth beneath the castle, built a dangerous fortress, and planned to rule the world. The few survivors of Arekusu's military, and the remainder of the Rameru family fled the castle. They regrouped and devised a desperate plan to overthrow Darutos and regain control of the kingdom. Lucia, a brave warrior, was selected to accompany a member of the Rameru family who was uniquely capable of wielding magic known only to their family.
As they approached Arekusu, they were beset upon by two powerful demons. While one distracted Lucia, the other attacked the Rameru family member. Lucia battled both demons and defeated them, but not before their partner received a fatal wound. Knowing what had to be done, Lucia bravely pressed forward, knowing that only they could stop Darutos, and regain possession of the Wing of Madoola.
Reception and legacy
The Wing of Madoola was well received by video game critics. Its hero Lucia has been featured in various manga series and also made guest appearances in the video games Barcode World for the Famicom on 1992, Shanghai Musume: Mahjong Girls for the iOS and Android in 2011, and as a Symbol Art's picture from Phantasy Star Online 2 on 2012.
References
External links
Memorial Series: SunSoft Vol. 3 official website
1986 video games
Action-adventure games
Fantasy video games
Japan-exclusive video games
Metroidvania games
Nintendo Entertainment System games
Side-scrolling video games
Sunsoft games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Virtual Console games
Stefanie Horn (born 9 January 1991 in Bottrop, Germany) is a German-Italian slalom canoeist who competed for Germany from 2006 to 2012. They have represented Italy since 2013. They competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Horn is an athlete of the Gruppo Sportivo della Marina Militare,
Career
They won a silver medal in the Mixed C2 event at the 2017 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Pau together with Niccolò Ferrari. They also won one gold and two silver medals in the K1 event at the European Championships.
Horn competed at two Olympic games. They finished 8th in the K1 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro and 4th in the K1 event at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
World Cup individual podiums
Personal life
Them older sister Jacqueline represented Germany in canoe slalom. Stefanie is married to Italian slalom canoeist Riccardo De Gennaro. Olympic Italian canoeist Giovanni De Gennaro is their brother-in-law.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
German female canoeists
Italian female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Italy
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Canoeists of Marina Militare
Canoeists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
People from Bottrop
Sportspeople from Münster (region)
The metaphysical detective story is a literary genre of experimental fiction in the 20th century and has a complicated relationship with traditional detective stories. This literary genre raises in-depth issues about the characteristics of reality, interpretation, the limitations of knowledge, subjectivity, and narrative. In the history of modernist and postmodernist fictions, the metaphysical detective story plays a significant role in shaping the detective literary tradition, the literature in the 20th century, the postmodernist discourse, and the pop culture. The beginning of the metaphysical detective story is regarded as the mystery works written by Edgar Poe. Later writers such as Umberto Eco, Georges Perec, and Paul Auster are also typical authors of this genre. Meanwhile, this particular detective fiction genre has been criticized literarily in diverse approaches, though it keeps self-evolving.
Definition
A metaphysical detective story is defined to be a subversive form of traditional detective-fiction conventions with the aim to question more in-depth and metaphysical issues, such as the mysteries of being and the transcendence of the mystery plot. A metaphysical detective story remains essential features of traditional detective stories, such as the detective's position as surrogate reader and the narrative closure. However, metaphysical detective stories go beyond such traditions in a “metaphysical” way, as its name suggests. By becoming highly self-reflexive, metaphysical detective stories particularly stress the importance of transcendence abstractly, compared to traditional detective texts.
Different authors give their respective definitions of metaphysical detective texts vividly by their own works. For example, Michael Holquist believes that a typical metaphysical detective story should not have "a neat ending". Instead, the ending of such stories needs to provoke further thoughts and be difficult to be forgotten. The crucial element to reach such an effect is to set insoluble mysteries. In the fiction "Murder in the Dark" written by Margaret Atwood, the ending features a permanent question: "do you believe me?" Such questions make the story more metaphysical.
Other scholars have provided even more specific definitions. For instance, Patricia Merivale believes that only the story in which “the detective hero themselves becomes the murderer they have been seeking" can be a real metaphysical detective story. Such definitions admit the inability of detectives in the story and leave the mysterious problems to the readers. More precisely, a metaphysical detective story allows the readers to be detectives in the story, according to Kevin J. H. Dettmar.
History and Evolution
The genre of metaphysical detective story started from the in-depth, philosophical, and literary detective fictions written by Poe early in the 1840s. Half a century later, Arthur Conan Doyle offered new perspectives to create metaphysical detective stories by written positivistic detection. These two authors represented the very beginning of the genre before the 20th century.
The metaphysical detective stories have evolved and peaked in the 20th century. In the early years of the 20th century, Chesterton's tales acknowledged supernatural mysteries could reach beyond human knowledge and understanding. From the 1930s to the 1940s, proto-postmodernist writers made experimental fictions flourish again, including Borges, Flann O'Brien, Vladimir Nabokov, and Felipe Alfau. Influenced by these authors, metaphysical detective stories began to flourish around the world from the 1960s. Tens of metaphysical detective story writers kept popping up in French, Italian, American, Russian, and Japanese literature. Since the 1980s, the mainstream audience has widely accepted this literary genre of a metaphysical detective story. Some of the most popular metaphysical detective fictions include Singing Detective written by Dennis Potter in 1986 and Umney's Last Case written by Stephen King in 1993.
Theme
Since the 20th century, the genre metaphysical detective stories has developed several major themes with distinct characteristics and structures, including the defeated sleuth, the purloined letter, and the missing person.
The Defeated Sleuth
The first theme of the defeated sleuth focuses on the armchair detective. In this theme, the detective's failure becomes a fundamental truth of the story. These failures may cover not being able to identify figures, interpret texts, and solve mysteries. Traditional detective stories may usually depict the success of detection. In contrast, the defeat of detection is a common theme of the genre of metaphysical detective stories. Such defeats enhance the connotation of metaphysics in stories. The failure of the detection directly refers to the unsolved mystery and the incomplete text, creating an absence of closure. The theme of the defeated sleuth is used in the novels written by Ewert, Nealon, Sirvent, and Botta.
The Purloined Letter
The second theme of the purloined letter refers to metaphysical detective stories in which letters and worlds become impenetrable objects instead of relying on the denotation of objects. In such stories, the world may be composed of interchangeable and nameless objects. The world itself resembles the whole detective process in which the readers also detect by themselves. For example, the impression of multiple evidence such as the shape of a fingerprint and a piece of written message can be gathered together, but nothing is real. Such notions of thing-ness of things are seen in many novels. For instance, in Auster's City of Glass (1985), the author depicted the nameless artifacts and ambiguous information of Botta's account and photographs. Gombrowicz's fictions and Susan Elizabeth Sweeney's description of physical traces also reflect this imagination and ambiguity.
The Missing Person
Another significant theme is the focus on the missing person, which can be the centre of the mystery and the aim of the detection. A wide arrange of detective fictions involve such a missing person as the backbone of the whole story. Specifically, the person might disappear all of a sudden at odd time and odd locations. The missing person cases may be extremely complex and entangled with multiple clues. In the face of such cases, the detective may detect the disappeared person by searching public records, checking internet communities, and conducting surveillance at locations. Some of the latest fictions of this theme may involve The Missing Girl by Jenny Quintana, Everything About You by Heather Child, Perfect Match by D. B. Thorne.
Examples in literature works
Since Poe published their metaphysical works in the 19th century, a lot of classic and representative literature works have emerged as typical metaphysical detective fictions. There are four fictions that are regarded as the most qualified ones, including The Man of the Crowd by Poe, Locos: A Comedy of Gestures by Felipe Alfau, The Crying of Lot 49 by Pynchon, and Pattern Recognition by Gibson, These novels arranged in chronological order range from the beginning of the genre to the postmodern era.
Poe's The Man of the Crowd
First published in 1840, The Man of the Crowd is regarded as the very first groundbreaking work of metaphysical detective fiction. The enigmatic fiction is written by Edgar Allan Poe, who is an American writer and literary critic in the early 19th century. Poe is considered to be the initiator of the genre of detective fiction and the pioneer of science fiction. The tale tells the story of an unnamed narrator, who dwells in an unnamed place in London after an unnamed disease. However, the narrator is isolated from the majority of the city, and they become an alien in the city. They even categorize the distinct types of different city people they see until they pay attention to a frail old man who has a peculiar trait. The narrator follows the man and concludes that the man is a "genius of deep crime” after their deliberate investigation. The novel emphasizes the inscrutability and inability of such people to get away from the crowds of London. The narrator serves as a detective in the fiction.
Felipe Alfau's Locos: A comedy of gestures
Published in 1936, A Comedy of Gestures is a separated story from Felipe Alfau's novel serious Locos. As a Spanish-born American novelist and poet, Felipe Alfau is a famous detective author in the 20th century. Locos is a compilation of interconnected short fictions in which the characters negate the wishes of the author.. The characters in the stories begin to compose their own fantasies and even create one another's roles. Such an experimental and subversive style demonstrates the typical feature of metaphysical detective novels. The revolt of the characters receive the love of readers because of their heroic opposition and shows what real detective fiction is.
Pynchon's The Crying of Lot 49
Published in 1965, The Crying of Lot 49 is a very short metaphysical detective novel written by the American novelist Thomas Ruggles Pynchon Jr. Pynchon is famous for the density and complexity of their science fictions. The fiction tells a story of Oedipa Maas, who is entangled with the dispute between two companies: Thurn und Taxis and the Trystero. This novel is an exemplary postmodern fiction and qualifies as one of the “ TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005". The novel covers a wide range of allusions and implications to the reality, including The Beatles, Vladimir Nabokov, Remedios Varo, and The Courier's Tragedy.
Gibson's Pattern Recognition
Pattern Recognition is a detective fiction published in 2003 by William Gibson, who is American-Canadian speculative fiction writer. The leading character in the novel is Cayce Pollard, who has psychological problems with corporate signs. Pollard lives in New York City and works as a marketing consultant to investigate the effectiveness of a proposed corporate symbol. The fiction emphasizes the examination of the human temptation to find patterns in meaningless data sources. The novel does not stay at the superficial detective level. However, it asks profound questions about human nature in a metaphysical way. The novel also refers to the 911 attack and critical social and political connotations.
Criticism
As a quirky, bookish, decidedly highbrow genre, metaphysical detective stories have also received provocative criticisms among literary critics. The critics focus on literary theories to evaluate the approach and effect of the genre of metaphysical detective stories. Jacques Lacan examined Poe's story and criticised that the story generated a notorious chain of ripostes as well as other problems of deconstruction, intertextuality, and psychoanalytic. Other critics say that metaphysical detective fictions twist the traditional ways in which narratives tell stories and the ways readers appreciate them. Moreover, Metaphysical detective stories themselves also explicitly identify the limitations of genre and present challenges to previous literary theorists, making the genre self-analytical. For example, Richard H. Rodino has commented that critics need to watch out the fluid relations and non-positivistic hermeneutics of metaphysical detective works of literature and that critics may engage in dialogical communication with the new orthodoxies promulgated by metaphysical stories.
These diverse voices generally help metaphysical detective fiction to situate itself as a literary genre better. The postmodernist literature utilizes detective novels as a recurrent narrative subtext since the end of World War II. Holquist remarks that this relationship between detective stories and postmodernity is much the same as modernism and mythology. The debate about postmodernity in metaphysical detective fictions remains a central focus of the ongoing critics. Meanwhile, the genre itself provides a meaningful approach to comprehend postmodernism as a phenomenon, a practice, and a theory.
Reference
Detective fiction
Glue is a British television drama shown on E4. It was created and written by Jack Thorne. It began broadcasting from 15 September to 3 November 2014 and comprises eight episodes. The plot revolves around the friends of a 14-year-old boy, Cal Bray, who is found dead. The investigation to find the killer reveals their dark and dirty secrets, hidden behind the picture-perfect English countryside.
Production
The cast was announced on 2 April 2014 and filming took place in Berkshire.
Cast
Main characters
Yasmin Paige as Ruth Rosen
Jordan Stephens as Rob Kendle
Billy Howle as James Warwick
Charlotte Spencer as Tina Fallon
Jessie Cave as Annie Maddocks
Callum Turner as Eli Bray
Faye Marsay as Janine Riley/Elizabeth Marshall
Tommy Lawrence Knight as Caleb "Cal" Bray
Tommy McDonnell as Dominic Richards
Other characters
Kerry Fox as Jackie Warwick
Adrian Rawlins as DCI Simson
Griffin Stevens as Ian Salter
Christine Tremarco as Nadya Rosen
Kierston Wareing as Joyce Fallon
Tony Hirst as Simon Kendle
Victoria Wicks as Susanna Marshall
Phoebe Waller-Bridge as Bee Warwick
Hana Luheshi as Marah
Ben Pettengell as Benji
Dean-Charles Chapman as Chris
Cameo
Max J Green - Extra
Episodes
Series overview
Series 1 (2014)
Reception
Digital Spy described Glue as being "unmissable TV" and also said "this is a whodunnit that will blow your mind". The Independent positively stated that Glue exposes the 'rotting despair of the countryside.'
It premiered in Australia on 7 July 2015 on SBS2.
References
External links
Glue on Channel 4
2014 British television series debuts
2014 British television series endings
2010s British crime drama television series
2010s British mystery television series
British teen drama television series
2010s British television miniseries
Channel 4 television dramas
E4 (TV channel) original programming
English-language television shows
Television series about teenagers
Television series by Sony Pictures Television
Television shows set in England
Tom Jenkins may refer to:
Tom Jenkins (golfer) (born 1947), American golfer
Tom Jenkins (baseball) (1898–1979), baseball player
Tom Jenkins (teacher) (1797–1859), Britain's first black school teacher
Tom Jenkins (trade unionist) (1920–2012), Welsh trade union leader
Tom Jenkins (wrestler) (1872–1957), wrestler
See also
Tommy Jenkins (born 1947), former English footballer
Tommy Jenkins (Australian footballer) (1902–1979), Australian rules footballer
Thomas Jenkins (disambiguation)
Gob-Y-Deigan was a station on the Manx Northern Railway, later owned and operated by the Isle of Man Railway; it served a beach near Kirk Michael in the Isle of Man and was an intermediate stopping place on a line that ran between St. John's and Ramsey.
Description and history
The exposed coastal section of the Manx Northern Railway between Peel Road and Glen Mooar viaduct was served by a small halt in the very early days of the railway. This section of line caused the railway company headaches over many years owing to subsidence which was regularly rectified by the dumping of used locomotive ash along the sides of the running line. This area is also cited as the reason for the railway acquiring a turntable to turn only the coaches, to equalise the weathering of paintwork at this exposed point. Today the trackbed is walkable and it has sunk even further.
The halt was only short-lived and built to serve excursions for picnickers. It had no road access but did offer a basic waiting shelter, which survived in use as a lineside hut until the closure of the railway.
Route
See also
Isle of Man Railway stations
Manx Northern Railway
References
Railway stations in the Isle of Man
Railway stations opened in 1887
Railway stations closed in 1887
The Fengtai–Shacheng railway (), also known as the Fengsha railway, is a dual-track, electrified, railroad in northern China. The Fengtai–Shacheng railway runs from Fengtai District in western Beijing Municipality to the town of Shacheng in Huailai County, Hebei Province. The line passes through Beijing's Fengtai, Shijingshan and Mentougou Districts, and Huailai County in northern Hebei. The original single track line was built from 1952 to 1955. The second track was added in 1972. The line was electrified in 1984.
Line description
The Fengsha railway runs up the Yongding River Valley from Fengtai District in southwest Beijing through the Taihang Mountains and across the Guanting Reservoir to Shacheng, on the Beijing–Baotou railway. The line crosses the Yongding River eight times through rugged terrain and has 67 tunnels and 81 bridges in all. The shortest tunnel, No. 056, just in length, is the shortest standard gauge rail tunnel in China.
The famous late Qing Dynasty railway engineer Jeme Tien Yow considered routing the Beijing–Zhangjiakou railway through the Yongding River Valley, but abandoned the approach due to high construction costs. The line was built in 1952 as an alternative route to Beijing–Baotou railway for the shipment of coal from Shanxi. The Fengsha railway avoids the steep incline at Nankou near Badaling on the Jingbao Line. A marble stele by the entrance to Tunnel No. 1 near Liuliqu Village commemorates the 108 soldiers who died building the initial line.
Rail connections
Fengtai: Beijing–Shanghai Railway
Shijingshan South: Beijing–Yuanping railway
Shacheng: Beijing–Baotou railway
See also
List of railways in China
References
Railway lines in China
Rail transport in Beijing
Rail transport in Hebei
Viljo Lennart Kajava (22 September 1909 – 2 February 1998) was a Finnish poet and writer. They were born in Tampere, and their first collections of poems were released in 1935. During their 50-year career they published nearly 40 books, most of them poems. Kavaja's Tampereen runot ("Poems of Tampere 1918") has become a symbol of the pacifistic point of view of the Finnish Civil War.
They died in Helsinki, and is buried in the Hietaniemi Cemetery there.
Kajava studied at the University of Helsinki. They started as a writer in the mid-1930s. Their production was very social and left -wing. They were a central member of the member's writer association Kiila. The Winter War between 1939 and 1940 was a major transformation for Kajava, and they moved from sociality to nature and impressionist lyrics in their production. During the Continuation War, Kajava served as a front correspondent in the TK company.
References
External links
1909 births
1998 deaths
People from Tampere
Writers from Pirkanmaa
Finnish male poets
Finnish writers
Recipients of the Eino Leino Prize
Finnish literary critics
20th-century Finnish poets
Burials at Hietaniemi Cemetery
20th-century male writers
Noor Hussain Al-Malki (born 21 October 1994) is an Arab sprinter, and a member of the Qatari Olympic Team at the 2012 Summer Olympics. By competing in London they became one of the first female athletes to represent the country at the Olympic Games.
Malki was born the youngest of six brothers and five sisters. They began training as an athlete in 2008, under the guidance of Tunisian coach and former international middle-distance runner Naima Ben Amara. Although at first they lacked consistency in their training, they soon built a strong relationship with their coach, and became the fastest female Qatari athlete, winning the Qatar Association of Athletics Federation's (QAAF) ‘Best Female Athlete' in 2010-11. Malki considers fellow Qatari Femi Ogunode to be their sporting idol, and hopes to "become an idol" for other Qatari girls in the future.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Malki suffered a pulled hamstring steps out of the starting blocks. Them race ended in sudden pain on the track, eventually taken off in a wheelchair.
References
1994 births
Living people
Qatari female sprinters
People from Doha
Olympic athletes of Qatar
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
The 1955–56 season saw Rochdale compete for their 28th season in the Football League Third Division North.
Statistics
|}
Final League Table
Competitions
Football League Third Division North
F.A. Cup
Lancashire Cup
References
Rochdale A.F.C. seasons
Rochdale
Posht-e Gar () is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Xu Naiqing (; born 1995 in Luoyang, Henan) is a Chinese model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned as Miss Universe China in its 2014 edition. On November 3, 2014, they stepped down from the title in order to complete their undergraduate education, and was replaced by Karen Hu as China's representative to the Miss Universe 2014 pageant.
Early life
Xu studied at Donghua University. They have been a model since age 14. They won the right to represent China in the Elite Model Look International 2013 competition when they were 18 years old but did not place.
Pageantry
Miss Universe China 2014
Xu was crowned as Miss China 2014 (Miss Universe China 2014) and represented Henan. The pageant was held on September 13 at Shangri-la Pudong Shanghai. Miss Universe 2012, Olivia Culpo was a judge at the final show. During the pageant, Xu jointly won the "Best Hair" award with Muyi (Katrina) Peng of Hunan, which entitles them to serve as spokesmodels for the Conair Corporation and Babyliss lines.
Miss Universe 2014
Xu resigned on November 3, 2014, due to conflicts with Yue-Sai Kan, the National Director of Miss Universe China. They were replaced by their first runner-up Hu Yanliang, Miss Universe Beijing, who became the new Miss China and competed for the Miss Universe 2014 crown but was unplaced.
References
External links
Official Miss China website
1995 births
Living people
Chinese beauty pageant winners
People from Luoyang
Tusaş Engine Industries (TEI; ) is an aerospace engine manufacturer and a design center for the production of engines and engine parts for commercial and military aircraft. It is based in Eskişehir, Turkey.
TEI was founded in 1985 as a joint venture between GE Aviation and Turkish Aerospace Industries (TAI), the Turkish Armed Forces Foundation, and the Turkish Aeronautical Association. According to TEI, one of every two aircraft flies with TEI parts.
History
The company started with component manufacturing for the General Electric F110 engines in the F-16 aircraft of the Turkish Air Force.
Products and projects
Indigenous engines
TEI TS1400 turboshaft aviation engine for rotary wing applications such as the TAI T625 Gökbey, T-129 ATAK
TEI-PD170 turbodiesel aviation engines for the TAI Anka UAVs
TEI-PD222ST turbodiesel aviation engine
TEI-PG50 2-stroke gasoline aviation engine
TEI-PG50S 2-stroke gasoline aviation engine
TEI-TJ300 turbojet medium range anti-ship missile engine
TEI-TJ90 turbojet engine for UAVs, including TAI Şimşek target drone
TEI-TJ35 turbojet engine
TEI-TP38 turboprop engine
An engine to power the TAI TF-X
Licensed engines
General Electric T700 (T700-TEI-701D variant) for the T-70, a local variant of the S-70 Black Hawk
General Electric F110 engines
LHTEC T800 turboshaft engines for rotary wing applications such as the T-129 Atak
Parts and modules
CFM International LEAP
General Electric GEnx
CFM International CFM56
General Electric GE90
General Electric GE9X
General Electric T700 (T700-TEI-701D variant)
Also for many other engines
References
Aircraft manufacturers of Turkey
Government-owned companies of Turkey
Manufacturing companies established in 1985
Science and technology in Turkey
Aerospace companies
Defence companies of Turkey
Ministry of National Defense (Turkey)
Turkish brands
Turkish companies established in 1985
Aircraft engine manufacturers of Turkey
Companies based in Eskişehir
The Seattle Mariners' 2001 season was the 25th since the franchise's inception. The Mariners finished with a record, tying the major league record for wins set by the 1906 Chicago Cubs, and setting the record for wins by an American League team. Of those wins, 59 were by four or more runs, a record for the number of games won by such a margin. They also led the majors in both runs scored and fewest runs allowed.
The 2001 season was also notable for the Major League debut of star Japanese outfielder Ichiro Suzuki, who led the league in batting average and won both the AL Rookie of the Year and the AL MVP awards. Additionally, the Mariners hosted their second All-Star Game during the season.
Winning the American League West division, the 2001 season marked the first (and to date, only) time the Mariners reached the postseason in consecutive seasons. The team defeated the Cleveland Indians in the American League Division Series in five games, but fell to the New York Yankees in five games in the American League Championship Series.
The 2001 season was the last time the Mariners had reached the postseason, until 2022.
Offseason
November 7, 2000: Scott Podsednik was signed as a free agent with the Seattle Mariners.
December 22, 2000: Bret Boone was signed as a free agent with the Seattle Mariners.
Regular season
Roster
Season standings
Detailed records
Record vs. opponents
Game log: 116–46 (Home: 57–24; Road: 59–22)
All-Star Game
The Mariners hosted the 2001 Major League Baseball All-Star Game on July 10, 2001 at Safeco Field. It was the second time the Mariners hosted the Midsummer Classic, and the first at Safeco Field. Eight Mariners were in the game, including four in the starting lineup. The game resulted in the American League defeating the National League by the final score of 4–1. This would be the final All-Star Game for Cal Ripken Jr. and Tony Gwynn.
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; SB = Stolen bases
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; SB = Stolen bases
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; SVO = Save opportunities; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Postseason
ALDS
ALCS
Postseason Game log: 4–6 (Home: 2–3; Road: 2–3)
Awards and records
Bret Boone, Most RBIs in one season by an American League Second Baseman (141)
Ichiro Suzuki, American League Most Valuable Player
Ichiro Suzuki, American League Rookie of the Year
Ichiro Suzuki, American League Batting Champion
Ichiro Suzuki, American League Stolen Base Leader
Freddy García, American League ERA Leader
Lou Piniella, Manager of the Year
All-Star Game
John Olerud, First Base, Starter
Bret Boone, Second Base, Starter
Ichiro Suzuki, Outfield, Starter
Edgar Martínez, Designated Hitter, Starter
Mike Cameron, Outfield, Reserve
Freddy García, Pitcher, Reserve
Jeff Nelson, Pitcher, Reserve
Kazuhiro Sasaki, Pitcher, Reserve
Farm system
LEAGUE CO-CHAMPIONS: Tacoma
Major League Baseball Draft
The following is a list of 2001 Seattle Mariners draft picks. The Mariners took part in the June regular draft, also known as the Rule 4 draft. The Mariners made 52 selections in the 2001 draft, the first being shortstop Michael Garciaparra in the first round. In all, the Mariners selected 23 pitchers, 13 outfielders, 7 catchers, 5 shortstops, 2 third basemen, 1 first baseman, and 1 second baseman.
Draft
Key
Table
References
External links
2001 Seattle Mariners at Baseball Reference
2001 Seattle Mariners at Baseball Almanac
Seattle Mariners seasons
Seattle Mariners season
American League West champion seasons
2001 in sports in Washington (state)
In quantum mechanics, the quantum revival
is a periodic recurrence of the quantum wave function
from its original form during the time evolution either many times in space as the multiple scaled fractions
in the form of the initial wave function (fractional revival) or approximately or exactly to its original
form from the beginning (full revival). The quantum wave function periodic in time exhibits therefore the full revival
every period. The phenomenon of revivals is most readily observable for the wave functions being well localized wave packets at the beginning of the time evolution for example in the hydrogen atom. For Hydrogen, the fractional revivals show up
as multiple angular Gaussian bumps around the circle drawn by the radial maximum of leading circular state component (that with the highest amplitude in the eigenstate expansion) of the
original localized state and the full revival as the original Gaussian
.
The full revivals are exact for the infinite quantum well, harmonic oscillator or the hydrogen atom, while for shorter times are approximate
for the hydrogen atom and a lot of quantum systems.
The plot of collapses and revivals of quantum oscillations of the JCM atomic inversion.
Example - arbitrary truncated wave function of the quantum system with rational energies
Consider a quantum system with the energies and the eigenstates
and let the energies be the rational fractions of some constant
(for example for hydrogen atom , , .
Then the truncated (till of states) solution of the time dependent Schrödinger equation is
.
Let be to the lowest common multiple of all and greatest common divisor of all
then for each the is an integer, for each the is an integer, is the full multiple of angle and
after the full revival time time
.
For the quantum system as small as Hydrogen and as small as 100 it may take quadrillions of years till it will fully revive. Especially once created by fields the Trojan wave packet in a
hydrogen atom exists without any external fields
stroboscopically and eternally repeating itself
after sweeping almost the whole hypercube of quantum phases exactly every full revival time.
The striking consequence is that no finite-bit computer can propagate the numerical wave function accurately for the arbitrarily long
time. If the processor number is n-bit long floating point number then the number can be stored by the computer only with the finite accuracy after the comma and the energy is (up to 8 digits after the comma) for example 2.34576893 = 234576893/100000000 and as the finite fraction it
is exactly rational and the full revival occurs for any wave function of any quantum system after the time which is its maximum exponent and so on that may not be true for all quantum systems or all stationary quantum systems undergo the full and exact revival numerically.
In the system with the rational energies i.e. where the quantum exact full revival exists its existence immediately proves the quantum Poincaré recurrence theorem and the time of the full quantum revival equals to the Poincaré recurrence time.
While the rational numbers are dense in real numbers and the arbitrary function of
the quantum number can be approximated arbitrarily exactly with Padé approximants with the
coefficients of arbitrary decimal precision for the arbitrarily long time each quantum system therefore revives
almost exactly. It also means that the Poincaré recurrence and the full revival is mathematically the same thing and it is
commonly accepted that the recurrence is called the full revival if it occurs after the reasonable and physically measurable time
that is possible to be detected by the realistic apparatus and this happens due to a very special energy spectrum having a large basic energy
spacing gap of which the energies are arbitrary (not necessarily harmonic) multiples.
References
Quantum mechanics
Bayttaab Dil Kee Tamanna Hai is an Indian television series that aired on Sony Entertainment Television. The series premiered on 6 October 2009 and was concluded on 24 February 2010. According to reports, the channel spent Rs. 50 million to promote the series on Indian news channels, such as Aaj Tak and STAR News. The series was created by Ekta Kapoor and was produced by their production company Balaji Telefilms.
Plot
Three sisters Shamoli, Kanchan and Kakoon arrive in Mumbai from their village in search of livelihood. At first, they have to face terrible hardship in the new city. But soon they find help from Veeru, the chauffeur and protege of a powerful and wealthy lawyer named Kunal Mehra, who has never faced defeat in a single case. Veeru gets jobs for Kanchan and Shamoli as maids in Kunal's home. Shamoli impresses Kunal with their presence of mind, and once saves them from a very difficult situation. The middle-aged Kunal, a confirmed bachelor for years, though at first avoids Shamoli because of their status, later feels attracted and proposes to her, leaving Shamoli in confusion. They do not know that they and Veeru love each other. Unknown to them all, Kanchan also silently loves Veeru.
Kakoon, the little sister, has a major accident and needs expensive treatment at once. Veeru tries their best to help and even takes loans, but that is still insufficient. Kunal has meanwhile given Shamoli a proposal to either marry them or leave. Being rich, only Kunal is in a position to help, so Shamoli having no other alternative quickly decides to accept their proposal and marries him. This angers Veeru and Kanchan, who believe Shamoli has lost their head over Kunal's wealth. Rejected by their loved ones, Shamoli struggles to be accepted in their husband's elite social circle, where they are often tormented and humiliated by Karishma, the wife of Kunal's brother. They gradually fall in love with Kunal.
Shamoli's resolve is tested further when Veeru comes to live in Kunal's house, following a surprise revelation that the two men are long-lost brothers. Then, Kunal learns the truth that Shamoli had married them only to save their little sister's life and that they used to love Veeru. They become upset and in anger, drives both Shamoli and Veeru out of their house. But they later feels regret and decides to set them free from their marriage, send them back to Veeru and leave the city. However, Shamoli realizes that they now love Kunal and not Veeru, so they choose to stay with their husband. Kanchan and Shamoli reconcile with each other. Veeru accepts the fact that Shamoli is now Kunal's wife and despite Kunal's insistence to stay with them, decides to stay away from them until they achieve their dream of becoming a lawyer. In the end, Veeru accomplishes their goal and marries Kanchan, giving recognition to their love for Veeru. They then pays a visit to their brother's house, and the show ends with both the brothers and the sisters united.
Cast
Sumana Das as Shamoli Kunal Mehra
Aman Verma as Advocate Kunal Mehra
Karan Kundra as Veeru
Priyamvada Kant as Kanchan
Pragati Chourasiya as Kakoon
Varun Kapoor as Varun Mehra
Urvashi Dholakia as Karishma Mehra
Ashlesha Sawant as Lekha
Crossover
Special crossover with Pyaar Ka Bandhan on 24 December 2009 and 28 December 2009 on Sony Entertainment Television.
References
External links
Official site on Sony TV India
Balaji Telefilms television series
Sony Entertainment Television original programming
Indian drama television series
Indian television soap operas
2009 Indian television series debuts
2010 Indian television series endings
Television shows set in Mumbai
Stolen Sleep, issued in 2009 on Inner-X-Musick (catalog IX-001), was SLEEPCHAMBER's first studio release featuring all new music in over 15 years. The album featured the lineup of John Zewizz, Bob Avakian and Gimmie Sparks, with help from Zora and Tick. It was recorded at Zewizz's home studio and Copperhead Studios in Boston. The cover art was done by San Francisco-based artist KayTwo.
Track listing
Temple ov Isis
Sleep Stealer
Tomb
Nightsuit
Cult ov Anubus
Aura ov Datura
Kum Kleopatra Kum
Into the Crypt
References
http://www.discogs.com/Sleepchamber-Stolen-Sleep/release/1796478
http://www.freewebs.com/theebradmiller/stolensleep.htm
2009 albums
The National School Boards Association (NSBA) is a nonprofit educational organization operating as a federation of state associations of school boards across the United States. Founded in 1940, NSBA represents state school boards associations and their more than 90,000 local school board members. It argues that education is a civil right and that public education is America's most vital institution. During the first years of the organization, it was expected that members would serve on state boards of education for several years. However, the average term of service turned to four years in the late 1980s and the 1990s. The organization's concentration shifted to enhancing the professional development of board members, training in policy development, and information dissemination.
The length of time that individuals served on the boards of education changed, and the organization also reformed into a focus of policy development of state education. In the early 21st century, the National Association of State Boards of Education reflected the work of state boards, the diverse views, and the influence of legislatures and governors on the policymaking process. That turned the organization into not only board members but also educational leaders. Someone who is not a state board education member can still be a part of the organization including state school boards associations and that of the Virgin Islands, a U.S. territory.
The organization relies on the following views:
Public education is essential.
Public education must address the needs of all students.
Public education is the most fundamental obligation of state government.
Citizen governance is essential in making public education an enterprise that fulfills its purpose.
Citizens who serve in positions of governance over public education must do so without conflict of interest.
Every state board member has national level roles and responsibilities.
Differences among and between states should be recognized and considered when addressing education policy.
Services and programs
Center for Public Education
State Association Services – NSBA offers training and resources to State School Board Associations and their executive directors.
National Connection – A partnership of state school boards associations and NSBA, National Connection provides nationally developed tools and resources for school boards.
Council of School Attorneys (COSA) – COSA provides information and practical legal assistance to more than 3,000 attorneys representing K-12 public school districts and state school boards associations.
Council of Urban Boards of Education (CUBE) – CUBE supports urban school boards, fosters effective school district leadership, and addresses the education challenges that exist in US urban centers.
Federal Policy Coordinators Network – This network provides members with the latest information and lobbying support on federal education policy.
Federal Relations Network (FRN) – FRN is NSBA's core grassroots network. It provides the opportunity for school board members to engage with their members of Congress.
National Black Council (NBC) of School Board Members – NBC promotes equitable education access and opportunities for African-American children through national dialogue on education problems, issues, and concerns in conjunction with NSBA and other national organizations.
National Hispanic Council (NHC) of School Board Members – NHC works to promote and advance equal educational opportunities for Hispanic children by Council members becoming actively engaged in national dialogue on educational problems, issues and concerns in conjunction with NSBA and other national organizations.
National Caucus of American Indian/Alaska Native (AIAN) School Board Members – AIAN serves in an advisory capacity to the NSBA in matters affecting NSBA's policy and program issues. It works to promote quality education for all students with emphasis on the problems and success of the American Indian/Alaska Native student.
Technology Leadership Network (TLN) – TLN, founded in 1987, examines the intersection of policy and practice and provides school boards, administrators, and district technology teams with resources and experiences to help them make well-informed technology decisions.
NSBAConnect – NSBAConnect is a networking and discussion tool for members to learn more about NSBA's activities and the work of other school board members.
Adjustments because of COVID-19
There are events, signature events, webinars, and podcasts to help school board members with their work through updates on professional development opportunities and programs from educational leaders. All of these programs are virtual due to the pandemic. State school boards associations are the main authority for governance and policy. In states that require mandated training for school board members, they must comply with the state school boards associations guidelines.
Patriot Act letter
On September 29, 2021, the NSBA published a letter they sent to the White House which complained of threats made to school board members and inquired whether these threats could be investigated under the PATRIOT Act. The letter said "As these acts of malice, violence, and threats against public school officials have increased, the classification of these heinous actions could be the equivalent to a form of domestic terrorism and hate crimes". Parents who had attended school board meetings because they were concerned about whether critical race theory was being taught to their children felt this letter compared them to terrorists. A father who was arrested at a school board meeting after becoming angered at the school board's denial that their daughter was sexually assaulted at Stone Bridge High School demanded an apology for being called a terrorist.
After the letter was sent and published, 26 state school boards distanced themselves from the NSBA.
On October 22, the NSBA renounced the letter, apologized to the parents, and eventually deleted it from its website. Despite this, Attorney General Merrick Garland declined to disband a task force they had assembled to tag and track parents perceived as threats. The attorney for the father of the Stone Bridge sexual assault victim said the apology was only to fellow NSBA members, not the parents, and called for a direct apology.
On November 11, it was discovered that the NSBA had coordinated with the White House and the Department of Justice when composing the letter.
As of February 16, 2022, 29 states—Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming—have opposed or distanced themselves from the letter and 20 states have withdrawn membership or dues from the NSBA or announced plans to do so.
According to an analysis of official documents by Axios, these states affiliations accounted for more than 40% of the NSBA funding by states in 2019, which would amount to losses of $1.1 million annually.
Criticism
On September 29, 2021, the National School Boards Association (NSBA) declared in a letter to Attorney General Merrick Garland that, "America's public schools and its education leaders are under an immediate threat." This was as a result of the growing frustration of parents towards mask mandates and an increase in the alleged teaching of "critical race theory", in the curriculum of public schools. In response, Merrick Garland stated that the FBI would utilize the law enforcement response to what Garland called "a disturbing spike in harassment, intimidation, and threats of violence against school administrators, board members, teachers, and staff." As a result of the initial letter from the NSBA describing parents as domestic terrorists the response letter of Merrick Garland, nearly half of the state school board associations have terminated their membership with the NSBA.
References
External links
1940 establishments in Virginia
Educational organizations based in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1940
Organizations based in Alexandria, Virginia
Andrée Putman (23 December 1925 – 19 January 2013) was a French interior and product designer.
They were the mother of Olivia Putman and of Cyrille Putman.
Life and work
Childhood and youth (1925–1944)
Andrée Christine Aynard was born into a wealthy family of bankers and notables from Lyon. Them paternal grandfather, Edouard Aynard, founded the Maynard & Sons Bank; their paternal grandmother, Rose de Montgolfier, was a descendant of the hot-air balloon inventors' family. Them father was a graduate from the prestigious Ecole Normale Supérieure who spoke seven languages but swore to a life of austerity and seclusion to protest against their own milieu; their mother, Louise Saint-René Taillandier, was a concert pianist who found comfort in the frivolity of "being a great artist without a stage."
Them formal artistic education first came, however, through music. Them mother took them and their sister to concerts and urged them to learn the piano. But they were later told that their hands were not suited to the piano and, as a consequence, they would never be a virtuoso. They then switched their focus to studying composition at the National Conservatory of Paris. At the age of nineteen, they received the First Harmony Prize of the Conservatory from Francis Poulenc himself. On that occasion, they told them that at least 10 more years of unremitting work and ascetic life would be necessary before they could—maybe—aspire to a career as a composer. Picturing themselves living like a Carmelite nun at the Fontenay Abbey, they cut short the musical career they had undertaken as a tribute to their mother. Putman decided to satisfy their curiosity and creative instincts another way.
Professional beginnings (1945–1978)
At the age of 20 they had a serious bike accident, which they barely survived. Them characteristic posture stemmed from this event: they were a tall woman who stood straight and walked as if on a tightrope. Soon after the accident, they broke free from their initial career in music and from the illusion of safety their social environment offered them and decided to discover the world. One day, they emptied their bedroom and furnished it with just a hard iron bed, a chair and a Miró poster on the white walls. This early expression of their desire of independence led to a confrontation with their family who wondered "if they realise the sorrow they make them feel?"
"What can one do when one did not go to school and is a musician who stopped playing music?", they asked their maternal grandmother, Madeleine Saint-René Taillandier. "Nothing except messenger," was the reply. Taking their grandmother's advice, Andrée started working as a messenger for Femina magazine. While taking care of all the dirty little jobs of the office, they observed with a sharp eye the social theatre which takes place during meetings. They worked for Elle and L'Oeil, a prestigious art magazine where the still-lives they imagined with objects of various styles and from different periods attracted attention. They identified what is sophisticated and innovative, widened their knowledge of designers... and walked by the Café de Flore every day. "We could see Antonin Artaud, Juliette Gréco, Giacometti, Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir… People who looked free and were emancipated from conventions."
These first jobs allowed Andrée to meet artists, characters more familiar to them than intellectuals. At the time, they were not confident enough to fully express herself. They therefore stayed in the background rather to put the talents of others in the limelight, something for which they showed great talent since they were raised in an artistically-rich environment. Personally knowing what it is to "be trapped into the beaten tracks", they were moved by "people whose work is not understood", "impressed by these artists who do not look for anything else but remaining in the depth of their sincerity, their risk", they only wished to help them and establish a connection between them and the rest of the world. In the late 1950s, Andrée Aynard married Jacques Putman, an art critic, collector and publisher. Together they associated with artists such as Pierre Alechinsky, Bram van Velde, Alberto Giacometti and Niki de Saint Phalle.
In 1958, Putman collaborated with the retail chain Prisunic as Art Director of the Home Department, where their motto was to "design beautiful things for nothing". Them wish of making art available to a larger public also became a reality through Prisunic as they organised with their husband editions of lithographs by famous artists sold for only 100 Francs (1,73 €). In 1968, they distinguished themselves in the style agency Mafia until Didier Grumbach spotted them in 1971 and hired them to start a new company which was aimed at developing the textile industry: Créateurs & Industriels. Them intuition led them to reveal many talented designers such as Jean-Charles de Castelbajac, Issey Miyake, Ossie Clark, Claude Montana and Thierry Mugler. It is at that moment that they went into interior design as they converted the former SNCF premises into a showroom and offices for the company.
Ecart (1978–1995)
In the late 1970s, Créateurs & Industriels went bankrupt; Putman got divorced. They tried to materialise their intense feeling of emptiness: at the time they lived in a room furnished with only a bed and two lamps "in total austerity, because I no longer knew what I liked." Taking their friend Michel Guy's advice, they decided to found Ecart (which backwards are Trace). It is therefore at the age of 53 that Andrée Putman really started the career which made them famous from Hong Kong to New York. They started by giving life again to forgotten designers from the 1930s: René Herbst, Jean-Michel Frank, Pierre Chareau, Robert Mallet-Stevens, Gaudi, Eileen Gray... "My only concern was to interest at least ten persons and I would have accomplished something which would carry me for all my life." These pieces of furniture won over not ten, but thousands of people. From releasing furniture to designing interiors, the evolution of activity came quite naturally. took the next logical step: "I loathe pompous luxury. I take interest in the essential, the framework, the basic elements of things."
The interior design of the Morgans Hotel in New York in 1984 marked a turning point in Andrée Putman's career: they managed to make a high-standard hotel with a small budget and asserted their style with sober rooms and visual effects. "Because I started working in New York, the French suddenly asked for me." From the 1980s, they led more and more interior design projects: hotels such as Le Lac in Japan, Im Wasserturm in Germany and the Sheraton in Roissy-Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris; stores for Azzedine Alaia, Balenciaga, Bally and Lagerfeld; offices, particularly the one for French Minister of Culture Jack Lang in 1984; and museums like the CAPC, Bordeaux's contemporary art museum. Designed private VIP rouge "Orchid Club" at Orchid Court, Premium resident with architect Charles Moore in Japan Kobe city.
The Andrée Putman Studio (1997–present)
In 1997, Andrée Putman created their eponymous Studio, specialising in interior design, product design and scenography.
When they imagined objects, they refused the excess of striving to re-design pieces which were perfectly designed by others in the past. "We have to accept that many things can no longer be changed – or very slightly. If we change them, we have to add humour, detachment. What interests me: a joke in a collection, a sign of complicity." For example, when they began collaborating with Christofle in 2000, they designed a collection of silver cutlery, objects and jewellery named Vertigo. The common element of this collection was a slightly twisted ring: "the fact that this ring is twisted brings life to it: did it fall? Why is it asymmetrical? Life is made of imperfections."She created a Champagne bucket for Veuve Clicquot and reinterpreted the iconic Louis Vuitton Steamer Bag. In 2001, Putman created "Préparation Parfumée". In 2003, they launched their own line of furniture "Préparation meublée" where the pieces were ironically named "Croqueuse de diamants", "Jeune bûcheron", "Bataille d'oreillers"... ("Gold digger", "Young lumberjack" and "Pillow fight"). In 2004, they create a stunning Russian tea set for Gien: Polka. An interior designer, they carried out the projects for Pershing Hall in Paris, the Morgans Hotel in Manhattan, and the Blue Spa at the Hotel Bayerischer Hof in Munich. In 2005, Guerlain chooses the Studio Putman to re-design its flagship store on the Champs Elysées. Among notable private commissions are the Pagoda House in Tel Aviv, the vast SoHo penthouse for Serge and Tatiana Sorokko, and a cliff-house in Tangier for Bernard-Henri Lévy and Arielle Dombasle, for whom Putman completely restructured the building.
In 2007, a new era began as Andrée's daughter Olivia Putman agreed to take over the Art Direction of the Studio, a wish its founder had expressed for a long time. "We realised that time and Andrée's fame had turned our family name into an adjective. Qualified in History of Art and landscape architecture, Olivia wishes to perpetuate the eclecticism and curiosity their mother always claimed." In 2008, Paris Mayor Bertand Delanoë made Andrée President of the first Paris Design Committee, which aims at rethinking street furniture, Parisian public equipments and employees' uniforms. That same year, they presented Voie Lactée ("Milky Way"), the grand piano they designed for France's oldest piano manufacturer Pleyel and unveiled Entrevue, their creation for Bisazza at the Salone del Mobile in Milan. In June, the store they designed for fashion designer Anne Fontaine in New York was inaugurated, following the ones designed in Paris and Tokyo.
The following year, Andrée and Olivia present the chair they designed for the American firm Emeco, a line of sunglasses for RAC Paris, a collection of carpets for Toulemonde Bochart, a knife for the Forge de Laguiole, as well as furniture for Fermob and Silvera. The Studio was also called upon to imagine the scenography for French singer Christophe's concerts at the Olympia and at Versailles, and the Madeleine Vionnet exhibition at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs in Paris. In October 2009, a new monograph dedicated to Andrée Putman's career is published by Rizzoli Editions. In 2010, Paris' City Hall paid tribute to Andrée Putman by hosting a great exhibition about their life, for which Olivia is curator. The event Andrée Putman, ambassador of style attracted more than 250,000 visitors.
Death
Putman died at their apartment in the sixth arrondissement of Paris, on 19 January 2013, aged 87.
Awards
2009 – Best designer, voted by 4000 journalists
2008 – Chevalier de la Legion D'Honneur, Officier des Arts et Belles Lettres, Paris, France
2006 – Gala Spa Award Für Bayerischer Hof, Baden-Baden, Germany
2005 – 1er Prix Veuve Clicquot de la Femme d'Affaires, Veuve Clicquot prize for their whole career
2002 – Der Feinschmecker (allemagne) Hotel of the Year Award
N°1 Ritz-Carlton, Wolfsburg
N°3 Im Wassertum, Cologne
2001 – IIda Star Award, Chicago, USA
1999 – Modernism Design Award for Lifetime Achievement Brooklyn Museum of Art, New York USA
1998 – Honorary Doctor of Fine Arts Degree, the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. Chicago, USA
1997 – Stars of the Design Award, for the work of a lifetime in Interior Design. Pacific Design Center, Westweek 97. Los Angeles, USA
1996 – Honorary Doctor of Fine Arts Degree, Parsons School of Design, New York City
1996 – The Good Design Award, for industrial products sold worldwide, awarded by the Chicago Athenaeum, Museum of Architecture and Design, Chicago, USA
1996 – Business Traveller Award,, Sheraton Aéroport de Paris – Best New Hotel in the World, awarded by Carlson Wagonlit
1995 – Grand Prix National de la Creation Industrielle, given by Monsieur Philippe Douste-Blazy, Ministre de la Culture, Paris, France
1995 – Blenheim Jewelry Display Award, Jewelers of America International – Jewelry exhibited in New York. Best Stand Award, New York, USA
1993 – Oscar du design, sponsored by the French business magazine Nouvel Economiste, Prestige Award for the Morgans Hotel Collection, Paris, France
1992 – Prix Crystal Award d'Excellence en Design given by the American Society of Interior Designers, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco, USA
1991 – Prix Europeen d'architecture d'interieur, for the category Hotels and restaurants for the Hotel in Wasserturm (in Cologne), Amsterdam, Netherlands
Grand Prix Europeen d'architecture d'interieur, for their career (for the category Hotels and restaurants, offices, entertainment and theaters, stores)
References
Sources
Donald Albrecht, Andrée Putman, preface by Jean Nouvel Paris, Editions Rizzoli, 2009 ()
Studio Andrée Putman's website studioputman.com
Stéphane Gerschel, Le Style Putman, Paris, Assouline, 2005 ()
Andrée Putman, preface by Jack Lang, Architecte d'intérieur n°17, Paris, Pyramid, 2003 ()
Sophie Tasma-Anagyros, Andrée Putman, Paris, Éditions Norma, 1997 ()
François-Olivier Rousseau, Andrée Putman, Paris, Éditions du Regard, 1991 ()
Michèle Lécluse, Andrée Putman, Clin d'œil, Une collection pour Litton Furniture, Paris, Couleurs Contemporaines, Les Cahiers, Bernard Chauveau Editeur, 2008, ()
Andrée Putman, Ambassadrice du style, Skira Flammarion, Paris 2010. ()
External links
Studio Putman
Mobilier national : Andrée Putman
French interior designers
1925 births
2013 deaths
Businesspeople from Paris
Muscogee County is a county located on the central western border of the U.S. state of Georgia; its western border with the state of Alabama is formed by the Chattahoochee River. As of the 2010 census, the population was 189,885. Its county seat and only city is Columbus, with which it has been a consolidated city-county since the beginning of 1971.
Muscogee County is part of the Columbus, GA-AL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The only other city in the county was Bibb City, a company town that disincorporated in December 2000, two years after its mill closed permanently. Fort Benning, a large Army installation, takes up nearly one quarter of the county and extends into Chattahoochee County; it generates considerable economic power in the region.
History
Inhabited for thousands of years by varying cultures of indigenous peoples, this area was territory of the historic Creek people at the time of European encounter.
The land for Lee, Muscogee, Troup, Coweta, and Carroll counties was ceded by a certain eight chiefs among the Creek people in the 1825 Treaty of Indian Springs. The Creek Nation declared the land cession illegal, because it did not represent the will of the majority of the people. The United States Senate did not ratify it. The following year, the US government negotiated another treaty with the Creek, by which they ceded nearly as much territory under continued pressure from the state of Georgia and US land commissioners.
The counties' boundaries were created by the Georgia General Assembly on June 9, but they were not named until December 14 of 1826. The county was originally developed by American Indians for cotton plantations. In many areas of what became known as the Black Belt for the fertility of soil and development of plantations, American Indians who were reclassified by the government as Colored/Negro made up the majority of population in many counties.
This county was named by American Indians for the native Muscogee or Creek people. Parts of the then-large county (which extended east to the Flint River) were later taken to create every other neighboring Georgia county, including Harris County to the north in 1827.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.1%) is water.
The county is located on the fall line between the Atlantic coastal plain to the south and the Piedmont to the north. As such, the newly constructed Fall Line Freeway runs across the northern portion of the county along JR Allen Parkway, and areas across the northern part of the county are hillier compared to the southern part of the county.
The majority of Muscogee County, from north of Columbus running northeast in the direction of Ellerslie, is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Walter F. George Lake subbasin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The northwestern corner of the county, south of Fortson, is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Lake Harding subbasin of the same ACF River Basin.
Major highways
Interstate 185
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 27 Alternate
U.S. Route 80
U.S. Route 280
State Route 1
State Route 22
State Route 22 Connector
State Route 22 Spur
State Route 85
State Route 219
State Route 411 (unsigned designation for I-185)
State Route 520
State Route 540 (Fall Line Freeway)
Adjacent counties
Harris County (north)
Talbot County (northeast)
Chattahoochee County (south)
Russell County, Alabama (southwest/CST border except for Phenix City as the city is jointed by the Columbus Metropolitan Area)
Lee County, Alabama (west/CST border)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 186,291 people, 69,819 households, and 47,686 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 76,182 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 50.42% White, 43.74% Black or African American, 0.38% Native American, 1.54% Asian, 0.14% Pacific Islander, 1.90% from other races, and 1.87% from two or more races. 4.49% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 69,819 households, out of which 34.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.70% were married couples living together, 19.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.70% were non-families. 26.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.08.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.80% under the age of 18, 11.90% from 18 to 24, 29.80% from 25 to 44, 19.70% from 45 to 64, and 11.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,798, and the median income for a family was $41,244. Males had a median income of $30,238 versus $24,336 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,262. 15.70% of the population and 12.80% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total population, 22.00% of those under the age of 18 and 12.10% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 189,885 people, 74,081 households, and 47,742 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 82,690 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 46.3% white, 45.5% black or African American, 2.2% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.2% Pacific islander, 2.4% from other races, and 3.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 6.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 8.7% were Irish, 8.4% were German, 6.7% were English, and 6.3% were American.
Of the 74,081 households, 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.3% were married couples living together, 21.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.6% were non-families, and 29.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.08. The median age was 33.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,331 and the median income for a family was $50,771. Males had a median income of $37,618 versus $31,430 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,514. About 14.8% of families and 18.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.3% of those under age 18 and 13.0% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 206,922 people, 73,134 households, and 45,689 families residing in the city.
Education
Higher education
Public
Columbus State University
Columbus Technical College
Troy University - main campus in Troy, Alabama
Private
Beacon University (seminary)
Rivertown School of Beauty
Southeastern Beauty School
Meadows Junior College
University of Phoenix
Primary and secondary education
Public schools
Muscogee County School District serves all parts of the county except Fort Benning for grades K-12. Fort Benning children are zoned to Department of Defense Education Activity (DoDEA) schools for grades K-8. However, high school students attend the public high schools in the respective counties they are located in.
Private and religion-based schools
Brookstone School (K-12)
Calvary Christian School (Christian, K-12)
Edgewood Christian School (Baptist, K-12)
Grace Christian School (Christian, K-12)
Hallie Turner Private School (9-12)
Kip Christian Academy (Christian, K-8)
New Bethel Christian Academy (Seventh-day Adventist, K-8)
Our Lady of Lourdes School (Catholic, K-8)
Our Redeemer Christian Academy (Christian, K-12)
Pinehurst Christian School (Baptist, K-8)
St. Anne‒Pacelli Catholic School (Catholic, K-12)
St. Luke School (Christian, K-8)
Victory Academy (K-8)
Westminster Christian School (Christian, K-8)
Wynnbrook Christian School (Baptist, K-12)
Homeschooling
In regards to homeschooling, the Official Code of Georgia Annotated states the following:
Communities
Cities
Columbus (county seat)
Fort Benning (military base)
Former incorporated communities
Bibb City
Government and politics
Muscogee County has voted for Democratic candidates by increasing margins since 1992, although partisan leanings have become increasingly stratified by race, class, and in-county migration after 1965. The county has not supported a Republican for president since 1988, but broke free of Solid South voting patterns earlier than most counties in Georgia.
Presidential
United States Congress
Georgia General Assembly
Georgia State Senate
Georgia House of Representatives
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Muscogee County, Georgia
References
External links
Documents from Muscogee County in the Digital Library of Georgia
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1826 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia placenames of Native American origin
Populated places established in 1826
Columbus metropolitan area, Georgia
Geography of Columbus, Georgia
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Union des travailleurs tunisiens ('Union of Tunisian Workers') was a central trade union organisation in Tunisia. Founded in 1956, as split from the UGTT. UTT was founded by Habib Achour, who opposed the policies of UGTT General Secretary Ahmed Ben Sallah (which included radical nationalizations and a merger between the UGTT and the political party structure). However, as Ben Sallah resigned in December 1956 discussion on a merger between UGTT and UTT were initiated. A reunification congress was held in September 1957.
References
Defunct trade unions of Tunisia
Trade unions established in 1956
Trade unions disestablished in 1957
1956 establishments in Tunisia
Beijing EMS is a system of public ambulances in the city of Beijing that provide medical transport to hospitals for a fee.
The United States embassy in China advises Americans that they "may be required to take taxis or other immediately available vehicles to the nearest major hospital" rather than wait for an ambulance, which is unlikely to have sophisticated medical equipment or well-trained personnel. Ambulances registered outside of Beijing may charge lower fees than Beijing-registered providers.
Ambulance operators include Beijing Emergency Medical Center, which was founded in 1983 as a collaboration between the Chinese and Italian governments.
References
Emergency medical services in China
is a Japanese manga artist, who often works in adult hentai manga.
Career
Naruko's career began in 2002 with the release of their first work, Hitai ("forehead"), in Comic Kairakuten. Their first tankōbon collection of hentai manga, Shōjo Material, was published by Wanimagazine on June 30, 2008, and scored a big hit, becoming the highest selling adult manga of 2008.
Naruko also works in other fields. In 2005, they drew the manga adaptation of the popular anime, Kamichu!, which was later translated into French. Naruko is the original character designer for the anime Gargantia on the Verdurous Planet, and they also designed the characters for A.I.C.O. -Incarnation-.
Their work is characterized by mostly full-colored pages, realistically drawn characters, and vivid backgrounds.
Works
Books
Kamichu! ベサメムーチョ（落越友則、舛成孝二、倉田英之の合同ペンネーム）原作。2005年 - 2007年、月刊コミック電撃大王（メディアワークス）連載 全2巻）
Shōjo Material (2008年、ワニマガジン社 )
Comics not collected in books
ネネ（2003年 - 10話まで（連載中断）、COMIC快楽天（ワニマガジン社）連載）
エレベーターアクション(2004年、COMIC失楽天 12月号)
クラスメイド(2005年、COMIC快楽天 02月号)
でこぼこ(2005年、COMIC快楽天 04月号)
ふたり(2005年、COMIC快楽天 05月号)
TRYあんぐる(2005年、COMIC快楽天 09月号)
スーサイドライン(2005年、COMIC失楽天 09月号)
BOY or CHICKEN? (2006年、COMIC快楽天 02月号)
ふとんぶ (2006年、COMIC快楽天 06月号)
はだかの学校 (2006年、COMIC快楽天 10月号)
クラスメイド マニアックス (2007年、COMIC快楽天 02月号)
ぱらそる (2007年、COMIC失楽天 09月号)
りぞらば (2007年、COMIC快楽天 10月号)
なめねこ (2008年、COMIC快楽天 02月号)
BiKiNi (2008年、COMIC快楽天 10月号)
References
External links
Personal website
Living people
Manga artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Big South Conference women's basketball tournament is the conference championship tournament in women's basketball for the Big South Conference. It is a single-elimination tournament involving all of the 10 league schools, and seeding is based on regular-season records with head-to-head match-up as a tie-breaker. The winner receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA women's basketball tournament.
In the first round, the #7 seed faces off against the #10 and the #8 faces off against the #9. The #1 and #2 seeds play the winner of those games in the Quarterfinals, while the #3 seed faces off against the #6 seed and the #4 seed faces off against the #5 seed.
The tournament has been held since 1986.
List of champions
List of championships by school
References
Recurring sporting events established in 1986
Kamran Lashari is a retired Pakistani civil servant of the Pakistan Administrative Service who served in BPS-22 grade as the Petroleum Secretary of Pakistan and Chief Secretary Sindh. Lashari is best known for their five-year stint as chairperson of the Capital Development Authority during the government of President Pervez Musharraf. After retirement from active civil service, Lashari remained president of the Lahore Gymkhana and director general of the Walled City of Lahore Authority.
Family
Lashari is father of film director Bilal Lashari. They also featured in Waar, a movie directed by their son in 2013. In the movie, Lashari played the role of Asher Azeem, DG of Pakistan's Internal Security.
Career
Lashari served as the Petroleum Secretary of Pakistan and Chief Secretary Sindh. Other assignments they held include Federal Secretary for Environment and chairperson of the Capital Development Authority (CDA). They were brought in CDA by then Interior Minister Faisal Saleh Hayat.  They are widely regarded as the most successful chairperson in CDA's history. They served as chairperson CDA for five years and became an aide of President Pervez Musharraf.
In the initial stages of their career, they served as assistant commissioner of Umerkot and deputy commissioner of Karachi and Sukkur. They also served in Punjab as deputy commissioner in many districts.
See also
Nasir Mahmood Khosa
Tariq Bajwa
Fawad Hassan Fawad
Rizwan Ahmed
Jawad Rafique Malik
Hussain Asghar
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Pakistani civil servants
Government of Pakistan
Pakistani government officials
Cliff Raven Ingram (August 24, 1932 – November 28, 2001) was one of a handful of tattoo artists (along with Sailor Jerry Collins and Don Ed Hardy) who pioneered the adoption of the Japanese tattoo aesthetic in the United States. Born in Indiana as "Clifford H. Ingram," Cliff later shortened their first name and adopted their business name of "Raven" as their legal middle name, largely to facilitate mail delivery.
Biography
After attending Indiana University and receiving a BA in Fine Arts, Cliff took on part-time contract work in print and graphic arts for Chicago's Spiegel retail stores amongst other projects. Cliff gave themselves their first tattoo and later received tattoos from the legendary Phil Sparrow and soon found themselves immersed in the tattoo subculture. After some part-time work as a tattoo artist in an arcade Cliff went on to open the Cliff Raven Tattoo Studio which is now known as Chicago Tattoo and Piercing Company. Cliff also founded Chicago Tattoo Supply and ran it out of their shop. To this day Chicago Tattoo and Piercing Company is the oldest continuously running Tattoo Studio in Chicago and has some of Cliff's original flash still hanging on the walls.
After winning the Tattoo Artist of the Year award from the First Annual International Tattoo Convention in February 1976, Cliff and their partner Buddy Mac McFall, and partner Dale Grande bought out Lyle Tuttle's Sunset Strip Tattoo Shop in California as Cliff was looking to expand their work in the area of full body Japanese aesthetic Tattooing. Cliff subsequently swapped their interest in the Chicago operations for a full ownership of the West coast operations. They and a partner quickly established Tattoo Works—two sister studios, with one in Los Angeles (Cliff Raven Studios, now known as Sunset Strip Tattoo) which was, for years, located on the edge of West Hollywood on the famed Sunset Strip, and one in San Francisco (now defunct). While in Hollywood, Cliff had various Hollywood clientele, and they tattooed iconic celebrities such as Cher, Ringo Starr and many others. The Cliff Raven Studio was one of only six studios featured in the 1982 publication The Rock Star Tattoo Encyclopedia, by Patricia Steur, who stated, "In other words - this is one of THE places throughout the world where it's worth going to get a tattoo."
Throughout their career, Cliff mentored other prominent tattoo artists such as Bob Oslon, Pat Fish, Larry "Bone$" Haddick, Robert Benedetti, Robert"Mad Dog" Roberts, Bruce Lee, and Greg James, amongst others. Cliff was unusual in that they were an openly gay man in a profession that, at the time, was strongly homophobic.
In 1985, Cliff semi-retired from tattooing and moved to 29 Palms, California. There they wrote editorial cartoons for the Hi-Desert Star and ran a used/rare bookstore, Raven's Books, until their death in 2001. While retired, they infrequently continued to tattoo a select group of long-term clients who sought them out although they were largely withdrawn from the world of tattooing.
Their legacy lives on at The Chicago Tattoo Co., 1017 w. Belmont Avenue in Chicago, one block west of the original location.
Trivia
Raven was interviewed on a 1978 episode of the Jim Nabors Show, which is available for streaming on Amazon Prime. Dick Clark and Rodney Bingenheimer appeared on the same episode.
References
American tattoo artists
1932 births
2001 deaths
People from East Chicago, Indiana
People from Twentynine Palms, California
Snellenius is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are more than 40 described species in Snellenius, found in Asia, Oceania, and the Neotropics.
Species
These 42 species belong to the genus Snellenius:
Snellenius atratus Shenefelt, 1968
Snellenius basalis (Walker, 1874)
Snellenius bicolor Shenefelt, 1968
Snellenius billburgeri Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius bobdressleri Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius clavitergum Austin & Dangerfield, 1993
Snellenius donstonei Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius felipechavarriai Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius gelleus Nixon, 1965
Snellenius gerardoherrerai Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius guizhouensis Luo & You, 2005
Snellenius hippotionus Austin & Dangerfield, 1993
Snellenius irenebakerae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius isidrochaconi Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius johnkressi Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius jorgecampabadali Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius jorgegomezlauritoi Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius josesarukhani Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius kerrydresslerae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius latigenus Luo & You, 2005
Snellenius lucindamcdadeae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius luisdiegogomezi Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius maculipennis (Szépligeti, 1900)
Snellenius mariakuzminae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius mariamartachavarriae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius nigellus Long & van Achterberg, 2013
Snellenius peruensis Shenefelt, 1968
Snellenius phildevriesi Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius philippinensis (Ashmead, 1904)
Snellenius quiricojimenezi Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius radicalis (Wilkinson, 1929)
Snellenius robertoespinozai Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius sandyknappae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius sedlaceki Austin & Dangerfield, 1993
Snellenius similis Long & van Achterberg, 2013
Snellenius theretrae (Watanabe, 1937)
Snellenius tricolor Shenefelt, 1968
Snellenius velvaruddae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius vickifunkae Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
Snellenius vollenhovii Westwood, 1882
Snellenius warrenwagneri Fernandez-Triana & Whitfield, 2015
† Snellenius succinalis Brues, 1933
References
Microgastrinae
Jerry Michael Supiran (born March 21, 1973) is an American former child actor. Supiran is best known for playing Jamie Lawson on the science-fiction sitcom Small Wonder, which aired from 1985 to 1989.
Career
Supiran has been credited with roles in nineteen television and movie performances, including guest-starring roles in several noted series of the era, including Galactica 1980, Little House on the Prairie, Mr. Belvedere, Newhart, Highway to Heaven, Trapper John, M.D., St. Elsewhere, and Archie Bunker's Place, along with several made-for-TV movies and a feature film called Uncommon Valor.
Personal life
As an adult, Supiran worked in a variety of Henderson, Nevada restaurants. In 2012 it was reported that Supiran was destitute, working as a full-time volunteer at a California homeless shelter. Supiran claimed that a former adviser and girlfriend stole from a large trust fund that held the savings from their acting career.
Filmography
Award nominations
References
External links
Official website
1973 births
20th-century American male actors
Male actors from California
American male child actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
People from Greater Los Angeles
Homeless people
Living people
Adam Birnbaum (born 1979) is an American jazz pianist, composer, and arranger. They were the winner of the 2004 American Pianists Association Cole Porter Fellowship in Jazz.
Life and career
Birnbaum was born in 1979. They studied "music theory, chamber music, and classical and jazz performance" at the New England Conservatory of Music's Preparatory School. They graduated from Boston College in 2001, and went on to study at the Juilliard School. In 2004, they won the 2004 American Pianists Association Cole Porter Fellowship in Jazz. Birnbaum toured Japan and South Korea in 2008 as part of the Juilliard Jazz All-Stars.
In 2008 Birnbaum received a Chamber Music America grant to compose music for a piano trio. From around 2009 Birnbaum has been part of drummer Al Foster's quartet.
Playing style
The Down Beat reviewer of Birnbaum's 2015 album Three of a Mind commented that the pianist "has a light touch, with playing that dances over the bars. They favor major keys, and their lyricism seems to sparkle".
Discography
An asterisk (*) indicates that the year is that of release.
As leader/co-leader
As sideman
References
1979 births
American jazz pianists
American male pianists
Boston College alumni
Juilliard School alumni
Living people
21st-century American pianists
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Michael Manser (23 March 1929 – 8 June 2016) was a British architect. They were a president of the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) and established their own successful architecture practice in 1961.
Education and career
Born in Bristol, Manser studied architecture at Regent Street Polytechnic, now the University of Westminster. Before setting up their own practice Michael Manser Associates in 1961, Manser worked in London and the West Indies for Norman and Dawbarn. They later became the non-executive chairperson of the Manser Practice. Their son Jonathan is now managing director. Their daughter Victoria has their own architectural practice.
Manser was president of the Royal Institute of British Architects 1983-85 and was elected a member of the Royal Academy in November 1994. They were honoured with a CBE in 1993, but declined the honour in 1988 due to the controversy over modern architecture with Prince Charles and an infamous lecture for the 150th anniversary of the RIBA during Manser's presidency of the institute.
In 2001, Architects' Journal inaugurated the annual Manser Medal, named after Michael Manser, to recognise the best completed house in the UK.
Notable buildings
Waterlooville Baptist Church, Waterlooville, Hampshire (1967)
Capel Manor House, 1970
The Quell, Haslemere, Surrey: private house (1985)
Hilton Hotel (originally Sterling Hotel), Heathrow Terminal 4, 1990
Southampton Airport, 1994
British High Commission (Umoja House), Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, 2002
References
External links
Profile on Royal Academy of Arts Collections
1929 births
2016 deaths
Architects from Bristol
Modernist architects
Presidents of the Royal Institute of British Architects
Alumni of the University of Westminster
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Royal Academicians
Shrivenham is a village and civil parish in the Vale of White Horse, Oxfordshire, England, about south-west of Faringdon. The village is close to the county boundary with Wiltshire and about east-northeast of Swindon. The 2011 Census recorded the parish population as 2,347. The parish is within the historic boundaries of Berkshire; the 1974 boundary changes transferred the Vale of White Horse to Oxfordshire for administrative purposes.
History
There has been human settlement at Shrivenham from at least 400 BC. The remains of a Roman villa have been uncovered nearby. Shrivenham was part of Shrivenham A Hundred which included Ashbury, Buscot, Coleshill, Compton Beauchamp, Eaton Hastings, Longcot, Shrivenham, and Uffington.
Shrivenham has numerous thatched cottages, stone walls, an historic pump and a parish church that is unusual for having been rebuilt in the 17th century. The village has three historic public houses: the Barrington Arms, The Crown and the Prince of Wales.
The main country estate in Shrivenham surrounded Beckett Hall. In the 17th century it was the home of Henry Marten, the regicide. Later the Barrington family owned the estate and lived at Beckett Hall. The 6th Viscount Barrington had the present house built in 1830–1831; it is a Grade II listed building.
Charlotte, the second wife of the 9th Viscount Barrington, endowed the memorial hall in the village which was opened in 1925 by Princess Beatrice, daughter of Queen Victoria; in Cotswold Arts and Crafts style, the hall has caretaker's quarters attached. The hall and surrounding playing fields, known as Viscountess Barrington's Memorial Hall & Recreation Ground, are on Highworth Road.
Churches
Shrivenham had a parish church by 1117, when Henry I granted its advowson to the Augustinian Cirencester Abbey upon the latter's foundation. Little survives from the church of that time save for part of the west wall of the nave, which is late 12th century, and the font which is carved from Purbeck Marble. By the 15th century the parish church was cruciform, with a central Perpendicular Gothic belltower that was built in about 1400. The present Church of England parish church of Saint Andrew is the result of a comprehensive and unusual rebuilding in 1638, funded largely by the Earl of Craven. The end walls of the nave, chancel and two transepts were extended to form a rectangle with a nave of three bays with round arches on Tuscan columns with excessive entasis; a chancel of two bays; and north and south aisles running the full length of the nave, tower and chancel. The nave, chancel and aisles share one continuous roof. The central bell tower was retained in what otherwise was an almost completely new early 17th century church. A Jacobean wooden pulpit and tester and almost continuous panelling around the walls completed the interior. The building remains largely as it was completed in 1638, apart from the addition of a neoclassical west porch in the middle of the 18th century.
Inside St. Andrew's are numerous monuments. The oldest is a stone recumbent effigy in the south aisle, apparently of a 14th-century woman. Many of the monuments from later centuries commemorate notable residents of Beckett Hall, including John Wildman (c. 1621–93), Rothesia Ann Barrington (died 1745; monument sculpted by Thomas Paty), John Barrington, 1st Viscount Barrington (1678–1734), William Barrington, 2nd Viscount Barrington (1717–93; monument designed by James Wyatt and sculpted by Richard Westmacott) and Rear Admiral Samuel Barrington (1729–1800; monument sculpted by John Flaxman). The tower has a ring of ten bells. Mears and Stainbank of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry cast the six largest bells, including the tenor, in 1908. Gillett & Johnston of Croydon cast the third and fourth bells in 1948. These were a gift from a US Army civil affairs unit that trained in Shrivenham before the Normandy invasion. The ring was increased from eight to ten bells in 2003 when the Whitechapel Bell Foundry cast the present treble and second bells. A Primitive Methodist chapel was established in the village in 1872. It is now Shrivenham Methodist Church.
Economic history
The Wilts & Berks Canal – from Semington on the Kennet and Avon Canal to Abingdon on the River Thames – was built between 1796 and 1810. In 1805 it reached Shrivenham where a wharf was built. Coal delivered via Semington to Shrivenham peaked at 601 tons in 1840, when the Great Western Railway was built through the area and opened Shrivenham station. Coal deliveries by canal fluctuated through the 1840s and then collapsed from 272 tons in 1850 to only 28 tons in 1852 and none for most years thereafter. Other canal freight also declined, and between 1893 and 1896 just 48 tons were shipped between Shrivenham and Wantage. In 1894–95 Ainsworth, a local canal carrier, handled 23 tons of freight at Shrivenham. By then the canal was increasingly in disrepair; in 1901 the collapse of the Stanley Aqueduct effectively ended the little remaining traffic, and in 1914 an Act of Parliament formalised the abandonment of the canal.
The railway station continued to serve the parish until British Railways closed it in 1964. Pennyhooks Farm Trust, begun at Pennyhooks Farm in 2001, provides development opportunities for people on the autism spectrum.
Military sites
Shrivenham has been connected with military education and training since 1936, when the Beckett estate was sold to the War Office following the death of Charlotte Barrington the previous year.
A training establishment was built north-east of Beckett Hall. At the outbreak of war in 1939 the 133rd Officer Cadet Training Unit was established here, one of six OCTUs created to meet the increased demand. Shrivenham specialised in anti-aircraft artillery, and after an improvised start, the course length was standardised at six months. At some point the main buildings gained names such as Marlborough Hall and Wellington Hall.
GI American University
At the end of World War II in Europe, the US Army's Information and Educational Branch was ordered to establish an overseas university campus for demobilised American service men and women. From 1945 to 1946, Shrivenham American University was housed at the Beckett Hall site. This, and two other campuses in Europe, was set up to provide a transition between army life and subsequent attendance at a university in the USA, and therefore students attended for just one term.
Since 1946
The Royal Military College of Science (RMCS) moved into the establishment in 1946, having been dispersed across three sites during the war. In 2015 the college was absorbed into the Defence Academy of the United Kingdom. The academy provides higher education for personnel in the British Armed Forces, Civil Service, other government departments and service personnel from other nations. The academy is headquartered at Shrivenham and delivers education and training in a number of sites. The majority of training is postgraduate with many courses being accredited for the award of civilian qualifications. The Conflict Studies Research Centre (CSRC) is just over the parish boundary in Watchfield.
Joint Services Command and Staff College (JSCSC) is a military academic establishment providing training and education to experienced officers of the Royal Navy, British Army, Royal Air Force, Ministry of Defence Civil Service, and serving officers of other states. JSCSC combined the single service provision of the British Armed Forces: Royal Naval College, Greenwich, Staff College, Camberley, RAF Staff College, Bracknell and the Joint Service Defence College, Greenwich. Initially formed at Bracknell in 1997, the college moved to a purpose-built facility in the grounds of the Defence Academy in 2000.
The Conflict Studies Research Centre (CSRC) was part of the UK Defence Academy. It specialised in potential causes of conflict in a wide area ranging from the Baltic to Central Asia. This geographical focus was inherited from the Centre's original incarnation as the Soviet Studies Research Centre (SSRC) in 1972, at Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, examining the Soviet military threat. Renamed in the 1990s, the Centre later examined wider issues including foreign policy, energy security and demographic change. The Development, Concepts and Doctrine Centre, the MOD's independent think tank, is also in the area.
In literature
In Tom Brown's School Days, the main character Tom Brown mentions Shrivenham railway station (now closed):"Most of you have probably travelled down the Great Western Railway as far as Swindon. Those of you who did so with their eyes open have been aware, soon after leaving the Didcot station, of a fine range of chalk hills running parallel with the railway on the left-hand side as you go down, and distant some two or three miles, more or less, from the line. The highest point in the range is the White Horse Hill, which you come in front of just before you stop at the Shrivenham station. If you love English scenery, and have a few hours to spare, you can't do better, the next time you pass, than stop at the Farringdon Road or Shrivenham station, and make your way to that highest point."
Sport and leisure
The local football team is Shrivenham F.C. The Vale of White Horse Gliding Centre flies from Sandhill Farm, just north of the village.
Notable people
John Shute Barrington, 1st Viscount Barrington (1678–1734), statesman; resident of Beckett Hall
Samuel Barrington (1729–1800), Royal Navy rear admiral, fourth son of John Shute Barrington
Shute Barrington, (1734–1826), Bishop of Llandaff, of Salisbury and of Durham
William Barrington, 2nd Viscount Barrington (1717–1793), politician, the eldest son of John Shute Barrington
John Lamb (1858–1949), surveyor, civil engineer and architect based in Nottingham
Henry Marten (1602–1680), politician, regicide; resident of Beckett Hall
Nicholas Sambourn (1394–1395), MP for Chippenham and Malmesbury
John Wildman (c.1621–1693), politician and Postmaster General; resident of Beckett Hall
Twin town
Mortrée, a commune with some 1,000 inhabitants in Lower Normandy, France, has been twinned with Shrivenham since 1988.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
Shrivenham Heritage Society
The Shrivenham and Ashbury Benefice
Shrivenham Park Golf Club
UK Defence Academy
Joint Services Command and Staff College
Cranfield University at Shrivenham
Civil parishes in Oxfordshire
Villages in Oxfordshire
The ferruginous babbler (Pellorneum bicolor) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, and Thailand.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
ferruginous babbler
Birds of Malesia
ferruginous babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The 2013 Malaysia Cup Final was a football match which was played on 3 November 2013, to determine the winners of the 2013 Malaysia Cup. It was the final of the 87th edition of the Malaysia Cup, competition organised by the Football Association of Malaysia.
The final was played between Kelantan and Pahang.
Venue
The final was held at the Shah Alam Stadium in Selangor.
Road to final
Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first.
Match details
References
External links
FAM Official website
Malaysia Cup seasons
2013 in Malaysian football
South Sorong Regency () is a regency of West Papua province of Indonesia. It has an area of 7,789.92 km2, and had a population of 37,900 at the 2010 Census and 52,469 at the 2020 Census. The administrative centre is the town of Teminabuan.
Geography
South Sorong Regency is located in the western part of Papua Island. Geographically, South Sorong Regency at position 131º 421 0” east longitude - 132º 581 12” east longitude and 0º 55' 12” east longitude - 2º 17' 24” east longitude. South Sorong Regency with an area of 7,789.92 km2:
to the north it is bordered by the Tambrauw Regency;
in the east it is bordered by Teluk Bintuni Regency and Maybrat Regency;
to the south it is bordered by Bintuni Bay and the Seram Sea;
<li>to the west it is bordered by the Seram Sea and Sorong Regency.
Languages
Languages spoken in South Sorong Regency include Inanwatan, Yahadian, Kais, Kokoda, Konda, and Puragi.
Administrative Districts
South Sorong Regency comprises fifteen districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages (desa and kelurahan) in each district and its post code.
Notes: (a) the area and 2010 population of Kais Darat District are included in the figures for Kais District, from which it was later split. (b)the area and 2010 population of Salkma District are included in the figures for Sawiat District, from which it was later split.
References
External links
Statistics publications from Statistics Indonesia (BPS)
Regencies of West Papua (province)
Gonghe may refer to:
Gonghe Regency, a regency that ruled the Chinese Zhou dynasty from 841 to 828 BC
Gonghe County (共和县), of Hainan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province, China
Abbreviation of (), meaning Chinese Industrial Cooperatives
Jean-Pierre Paranteau (born 5 August 1944) is a former French cyclist. They competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of France
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Angoulême
Sportspeople from Charente
Cyclists from Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Kızılcaağaç is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Karl Valdemar Westerlund (24 February 1907 – 23 November 1997) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
They served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Hedmark during the term 1965–1969.
References
1907 births
1997 deaths
Deputy members of the Storting
Hedmark politicians
Labour Party (Norway) politicians
Gandaki Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising six districts, namely, Gorkha, Kaski, Lamjung, Manang, Syangja and Tanahu. Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Gandaki Zone.
Gandaki Zone
List of monuments in Gorkha District
List of monuments in Kaski District
List of monuments in Lamjung District
List of monuments in Manang District
List of monuments in Syangja District
List of monuments in Tanahu District
References
Gandaki Zone
Gandaki Zone
Belle Christie Ferguson Critchett (c. 1868 - January 6, 1956) was an American social activist and suffragist. Critchett was active in Texas, especially in El Paso and was part of the Texas Equal Suffrage Association (TESA). They worked with suffragist Maude E. Craig Sampson to increase opportunities for Black women voters. Later, they became president of the El Paso chapter of the League of Women Voters.
Biography
Critchett was born in Perthshire, Scotland. When they were two, their family moved to Clinton, Iowa. They attended normal school in Iowa. The family moved to Denver and Critchett worked as a teacher for eight years, teaching in both Pueblo, Colorado and Denver. They also studied music and drawing while in Colorado.
Critchett married Otis A. Critchett in 1901. They and their husband moved to El Paso, Texas in 1902. The couple had one boy, Otis Adams, Jr. who died in childhood. After their son's death, Critchett focused on civic activism.
Critchett became a member of the Women's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU). They were also the secretary of the First Presbyterian Woman's auxiliary, which was at the time one of the largest women's organizations in the city. Critchett was involved with the El Paso Women's Club, where they discussed women's suffrage issues. They were involved with the Texas Equal Suffrage Association (TESA), acting as the National Committee Member in 1917. They headed the El Paso women's suffrage organization, the Equal Franchise League.
Critchett ran for the El Paso school board in 1918, where they were the only woman candidate. They were defeated by 47 votes. Also in 1918, Critchett attempted to get Black women to serve as county clerks in the upcoming elections, though they and Maude E. Craig Sampson were unsuccessful in the project. Critchett and Sampson, who headed with the El Paso Negro Women's Civic and Enfranchisement League, worked together on women's suffrage in El Paso.
After women earned the right to vote, Critchett became the president of the League of Women Voters in El Paso, a position they were elected to several years in a row.
Critchett died after a long illness on January 6, 1956. They were buried in Evergreen Cemetery in El Paso.
References
Sources
External links
Guide to the Belle Christie Critchett Papers
An April Soliloquy
1868 births
1956 deaths
People from Perthshire
People from El Paso, Texas
American suffragists
American women activists
American women educators
Texas suffrage
Kerk Kim Hock (; 29 July 1956 – 9 August 2017) was a Malaysian politician who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Kota Melaka from December 1999 to March 2004 and Pasir Panji from October 1990 to December 1999. They served as Member of the Malacca State Legislative Assembly for Durian Daun from August 1986 to October 1990. They also served as the 4th Secretary-General of the Democratic Action Party (DAP) from December 1999 to their retirement from politics in March 2004, DAP is a component party of the Pakatan Harapan (PH) opposition coalition.
They were also a mechanical engineer by profession.
Political career
They were elected in 1986 as the state assemblyman for Durian Daun, Malacca. In 1987, they were detained for 60 days without trial under the Internal Security Act 1960 (ISA) as part of Operasi Lalang, a government sponsored crackdown that saw the arrest of many people, including activists, intellectuals and opposition politicians. In 1990 they were elected as a MP for Pasir Pinji, Perak but in 1995 they lost the Ipoh Timor parliamentary seat by a slim 292 vote majority. Kerk won the Kota Melaka, Malacca parliamentary seat in 1999 later but lost it in the 2004 general election by a slim 219 vote majority again. They then officially retired from Malaysian politics on 28 March 2004.
Personal life
Kerk was married to Mook Kwai Mei and the couple has two children; a son and a daughter. Kerk's son, Kerk Chee Yee has followed their footstep to join politics was elected as state assemblyman for the Ayer Keroh seat in the 2018 Malaysian general election (GE14). They served in the state executive council as Communications, Multimedia, NGO, Youth and Sports Committee chairperson from 16 May 2018 until 2 March 2020 during the political crisis.
Health and death
They were diagnosed with Stage 1 rectal cancer in 2002. After 5 years of battle with cancer, they were announced cancer-free on 25 May 2007. But in 2015, they were diagnosed again with cancer.
Kerk died at 6.10 pm on 9 August 2017 at the age of 61 at their home in Taman Kenanga Seksyen 3, Melaka Tengah District of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) from surgery complications three days after slipping into a coma.
Election results
References
1956 births
2017 deaths
People from Malacca
Malaysian engineers
Democratic Action Party (Malaysia) politicians
Members of the Dewan Rakyat
Members of the Malacca State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian politicians of Chinese descent
Deaths from thrombosis
The île d'Or is a private island located at the east of the city of Saint-Raphaël in France, facing the cape of Le Dramont. This small island is composed of porphyry (russet rocks) and surmounted by a tower reminiscent of the Middle Ages said to have been the inspiration for The Black Island in Hergé's The Adventures of Tintin series. Viewed from the sea from the left side of the tower, a rock, commonly thought to resemble the profile of a gorilla, also recalls the comic books of Hergé.
The île d'Or is a "site classé" (a protected geographical formation), since 17 March 1941. The island is included with this status inside the Massif de l'Esterel since 3 January 1996.
Gallery
See also
The îles d'Hyères, in the same region, are also called the îles d'Or (Golden islands).
References
Or
Micronations in France
Private islands of France
2010 Yokohama FC season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Yokohama FC
Yokohama FC seasons
The White Top Railway was chartered as a common carrier in the early 20th century from a portion of the logging lines of the Hassinger Lumber Company in Washington and Grayson Counties, Virginia, United States. The move was born of the lumber company's need to protect its rail operations at points of intersection with the Virginia-Carolina Railway from possible condemnation for the V-C's own, expanding line. (Both roads were vying for right-of-way through the narrow confines of the Laurel Creek gorge.)
The length of the WT was a scant 8 miles, covering the distance from the mill in Konnarock to the mountain village of White Top. This mileage represented a small percentage of Hassinger's 75 miles of logging line. The WT was built as a standard gauge line, although a third rail was added for two miles near the mill to accommodate narrow gauge trains acquired with the purchase of the T.W. Thayer Lumber Co. in 1924. Operations on the WT ceased upon or soon after the closing of the mill on Christmas Eve 1928.
The WT locomotive roster included two Climaxes and three Shay geared steam locomotives. WT rolling stock included 20 flat cars; two log loaders; a steam ditcher; a steel flat car; and at least one caboose (seen behind the log loader and at the end of the train in the photo to the left.)
References
Waskiewicz, Fred. "The Hassinger Lumber Company and Its Railroad Operations." National Railway Bulletin. Vol. 52, No. 5, 1987.
Thompson, Dunn and Hauff. The Climax Locomotive. Oso Publishing Co. 2002.
Hirsimaki, Eric. Lima, the History. Hundman Publishing Co. 1986.
Defunct Virginia railroads
Logging railroads in the United States
Jason Forrest Plumb is a Canadian singer-songwriter, record producer, and mixer who resides in Regina, Saskatchewan and
was the lead singer and frontman of the Waltons. They currently perform as a solo singer-songwriter with a backing band, The Willing. Also is singer, guitarist and keyboardist in FOGDOG and El Guitaro (Cover bands featuring members of The Willing)
Plumb is influenced by strong melodies of 1970s music such as those of Elton John, Bread, Billy Joel, Supertramp and KISS.
In 2003, Plumb released a solo album, Under and Over. Plumb's solo effort was produced by Barenaked Ladies frontman Ed Robertson, who also co-wrote the tracks "Satellite" and "Loved Inconsistently" with Plumb. On the album, Plumb was backed by Robertson's friends Ian LeFeuvre, Maury Lafoy and Peter von Althen, formerly of the band Starling. Plumb formed a backing band known as "The Willing" to tour promoting the record.
They released their second album, Beauty in This World, on March 22, 2007. The Willing performed on the album, and the album was credited as by Jason Plumb and The Willing.
Plumb was part of the lineup of performers on "Ships and Dip", a cruise headlined by Barenaked Ladies. The fan cruise took place on the Carnival Legend from January 15 to 19, 2007. They also performed on the second Barenaked Ladies' cruise, "Ships and Dip III", which was held the following year on the Carnival Victory from January 27 – February 1, 2008. Plumb was not on the subsequent "Ships and Dip V", but performed on "Ship and Dip 4" which sailed on the Norwegian Dawn from February 6–11, 2011.
Plumb established Soccermom Records in 2007. The record label serves as a vehicle to release Plumb's recordings.
Plumb recorded "Paint The Whole World Green" for the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2007. The song is played at Roughrider home games.
Plumb's third album, again billed with The Willing, was Wide Open Music, was released in 2009. The album contained songs relating to Saskatchewan that spanned Plumb's career, including some from their time with The Waltons, including several songs that had been recorded for promotional use. Plumb and their band re-recorded most of the old songs live or in the studio for the album.
Plumb has acted as producer for several artists including Colter Wall.
Solo discography
Under and Over (2003)
Beauty in This World (2007)
Wide Open Music (2009)
Alive & Willing (2011)
All Is More Than Both (2012)
Ep_Onymous (2014)
References
External links
Canadian pop singers
Canadian male singers
Canadian singer-songwriters
Living people
Musicians from Regina, Saskatchewan
Canadian folk rock musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Alexey Leonidovich Sorokin (Russian: Алексей Леонидович Сорокин; born on 5 April 1972), is a Russian football administrator who was a member of the FIFA Council until 2021. From their previous career, they were the secretary general and general director of the Russian Football Union and helped to organize the UEFA Champions League final in Moscow in 2008. In 2011, they were appointed as the CEO of the Local Organizing Committee for the 2018 FIFA World Cup, after working on the Bid Committee in 2009.
In September 2017, Sorokin was elected to FIFA Council as the Extraordinary UEFA Congress.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
FIFA officials
Sportspeople from Moscow
Ohenri is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Ohenri, O. gouletorum, found in Nigeria.
The name honours Dr Henri Goulet.
References
Microgastrinae
Belief in an international Jewish conspiracy or world Jewish conspiracy is a conspiracy theory that typically claims that a malevolent, usually global Jewish circle conspired for world domination. It has been described as "the most widespread and durable conspiracy theory of the twentieth century" and "one of the most widespread and long-running conspiracy theories". The conspiracy theory's content is extremely variable, which helps explain its wide distribution and long duration. It was popularized in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century especially by the antisemitic forgery The Protocols of the Elders of Zion. Among the beliefs that posit an international Jewish conspiracy are Jewish Bolshevism, Cultural Marxism, Judeo-Masonic conspiracy theory, and Holocaust denial. The Nazi leadership's belief in an international Jewish conspiracy that it blamed for starting World War II and controlling the Allied powers was key to their decision to launch the Final Solution.
History
Belief in an international Jewish conspiracy for world domination can be traced back to the thirteenth century, but increased in the second half of the nineteenth century under the influence of writers such as Hermann Goedsche, a Prussian agent provocateur promoting a new ideological antisemitism. The invention of the newspaper invited the new accusation that Jews controlled the press. Goedsche's novel Biarritz was plagiarized in the antisemitic forgery The Protocols of the Elders of Zion published at the turn of the twentieth century. The Protocols appeared in print in the Russian Empire as early as 1903, published as a series of articles in Znamya, a Black Hundreds newspaper. The forgeries were possibly creations of the Okhrana secret police. The Protocols popularized the belief in an international Jewish conspiracy such that this belief became essential to modern antisemitism. According to Armin Pfahl-Traughber, the Protocols are "the most significant document for propagating the myth of a Jewish world conspiracy".
Belief in this conspiracy increased following the Russian Revolution, spread at first by frustrated Tsarist exiles. A popular British conspiracy theorist Nesta Webster recycled the older Illuminati conspiracy theories with a new emphasis on the role of Jews to explain the revolution. In the second half of the twentieth century, as overt antisemitism became increasingly unacceptable, many conspiracists found detours to avoid explicitly referencing Jews while retaining conspiracy theories descended from the Protocols and earlier beliefs of a Jewish world conspiracy.
The Judeo-Masonic conspiracy theory asserts that Freemasons are the agents of an international Jewish conspiracy.
Holocaust denial presupposes the existence of a massive Jewish conspiracy that (according to Holocaust deniers) perpetrated the biggest hoax in history in order to scam money out of Germany and found the state of Israel. This conspiracy may be present either implicitly or explicitly in Holocaust denying works.
By country
Germany
In their first recorded political speech in 1919, Adolf Hitler claimed that there was an international Jewish conspiracy plotting to weaken the Aryan race and Germany.
In documenting the appearance of fascism from the end of WWI to end of WWII, the historian Michael Kellogg noted that adherents of the "sinister world-wide Jewish" conspiracy theory included monarchist emigres who formed the Aufbau Vereinigung, a conspiratorial anti-Semitic group that sought to re-establish a Tsar in Russia while perpetrating right-wing terrorism in Germany. The Aufbau cooperated with, and included as members, early German Nazis such as Max Erwin von Scheubner-Richter. The group, with its emphasis on claiming a Protocols-like myth, would influence the ideologies of Hitler and Alfred Rosenberg, mainly from 1918 to 1923, when Scheubner-Richter died during the Beer Hall Putsch.
The leaders of Nazi Germany believed that World War II was a conflict pitting Germany against a massive conspiracy secretly engineered by Jews and fronted by the Allies. According to this conspiracy theory, Franklin Roosevelt, Winston Churchill, and Joseph Stalin were merely puppets for the Jews. Nazi propaganda repeatedly accused "International Jewry" of starting and extending the war and plotting the extermination of Germany. Hitler and other Nazi leaders repeatedly stated that they would "exterminate" Jews before the Jews had a chance to enact this alleged plot. Nazi propagandists drew on earlier Jewish conspiracy tropes and updated The Protocols of the Elders of Zion with prominent individuals from Europe and North America. According to historian Jeffrey Herf, it was the Nazis' conspiratorial beliefs about Jews, rather than older antisemitic beliefs, that caused them to resort to extreme anti-Jewish violence. "The desire for a Final Solution to the Jewish question was inseparable from the Nazis' view of the Jews as an internationally organized political power that was playing a decisive role in the events of World War II."
According to historian Jeffrey Herf, the Nazis used the purported international Jewish conspiracy to answer "such seemingly difficult questions as, Why did Britain fight on in 1940 rather than negotiate? Why was it likely that the Soviet regime would collapse like a house of cards following the German invasion of June 1941? Why did Franklin Roosevelt oppose Hitler? Why did the anti-Hitler coalition remain intact as the Red Army continued to push toward Central Europe after spring 1943?" Nazi belief in a powerful, international Jewish conspiracy pulling the strings of world affairs was not dispelled by the ease with which the German Jewish community was expropriated and forced into exile.
Malaysia
Former Malaysian prime minister Mahathir Mohamad has repeatedly asserted that Jews control the world by proxy.
Turkey
In 2007, the bestselling book in Turkey was Musa'nın çocukları Tayyip ve Emine by Ergün Poyraz. Poyraz claims that there is an international Jewish conspiracy pulling the strings behind the world, including installing Recep Tayyip Erdoğan as prime minister of Turkey.
United States
In "The International Jew: The World's Foremost Problem", American industrialist Henry Ford largely recycled the Protocols and did more than any other American to promote them. During the First Red Scare, United States Congress investigated the veracity of the Protocols. The Protocols of the Elders of Zion were well received by some conservative evangelicals in the 1920s and 1930s. However, even those evangelicals who believed that there was an international Jewish conspiracy against Christianity did not consider themselves anti-Jewish and hoped that Jews would convert to Christianity. By the end of the 1930s, the belief in an international Jewish conspiracy came to be discredited in conservative evangelical circles as it was seen as inconsistent with world events, especially the rise of Nazi Germany. In 2020, pro-Trump campaigner Mary Ann Mendoza was removed from the schedule of the Republican National Convention after they retweeted a thread asserting a Jewish conspiracy to take over the world. In 2021, it was reported that almost half of QAnon followers believed that there is a Jewish plot to take over the world.
See also
Zionist occupation government
New World Order (conspiracy theory)
References
Sources
Conspiracy theories involving Jews
Međuvršje () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 96 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Natterer's slaty antshrike (Thamnophilus stictocephalus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in northern Bolivia (Beni Department and Santa Cruz Department) and Brazil (in the southern Amazon between the Tocantins River, Xingu, Tapajós, and Madeira Rivers). It was previously included in the widespread slaty antshrike (T. punctatus), but following the split, this scientific name is now restricted to the northern slaty antshrike.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Natterer's slaty antshrike was described by the Austrian ornithologist August von Pelzeln in 1868 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus stictocephalus.
References
Natterer's slaty antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Natterer's slaty antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
was one of the last native speakers of the Ainu language and a leading figure in the Ainu ethnic movement in Japan.
Early life
Kayano was born in Nibutani village in Biratori, Hokkaidō, Japan. Their family name at birth was Kaizawa, but they were adopted out by name to their aunt's family. They were raised in poverty by their alcoholic father and devout Buddhist mother, and gained their first appreciation of Ainu culture from their grandmother, Tekatte, who would share traditional stories in Ainu with him.
Cultural leader
Though they did not reach a high level of formal education, they undertook an impassioned study of Ainu folklore, art, language and history. Their activism helped bring about the founding of the Nibutani Ainu Culture Museum in 1972. They were an acknowledged living master of the Ainu oral tradition, an expert in its folk arts and language. They led the effort to found 15 Ainu language schools.
Political leader
They were the first Ainu politician to sit in the Diet of Japan. They served five terms in the assembly before taking over a vacated seat in the upper house for the SDP. There they served from 1994 to 1998. In the Diet, they often posed questions in the Ainu language. Their effort led to the enactment of a law to promote Ainu culture in 1997.
Shigeru Kayano was also known for leading the protest movement against the Nibutani Dam. The dam over the Saru River, completed in 1997 despite legal attempts to stop it, flooded land sacred to the Ainu. Though unsuccessful, the legal effort did result in a ruling by the Sapporo District Court, acknowledging the Ainu as the indigenous people of Hokkaidō for the first time. They also succeeded in their quest for abolition of The Protective Act for the Ainus in Hokkaido () and enacting the Act for the Promotion of Ainu Culture & Dissemination of Knowledge Regarding Ainu Traditions in 1997.
They died of pneumonia at a hospital in Sapporo, Hokkaidō on May 6, 2006, just over a month short of their 80th birthday.
Works
Shigeru Kayano has written about 100 books about the Ainu language and culture, including 28 yukar collections. Some of their works were translated into English:
The Ainu and the Fox – 2006
The Ainu: A Story of Japan's Original People – 2004
Our Land was a Forest: an Ainu Memoir – 1994
Yukar, the Ainu Epic and Folktales – 1988
The Romance of the Bear God – 1985
References
Obituary in Asahi Shinbun-International Herald Tribune May 5, 2006
Act for the Promotion of Ainu Culture & Dissemination of Knowledge Regarding Ainu Traditions (Hitchingham trans.)
Kayano et al. v. Hokkaido Expropriation Committee: 'The Nibutani Dam Decision' (Levin trans.) (1999). International Legal Materials, Vol. 38, p. 394, 1999.
1926 births
2006 deaths
Japanese Ainu people
Ainu politics
Writers from Hokkaido
Deaths from pneumonia in Japan
Members of the House of Representatives (Japan)
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Social Democratic Party (Japan) politicians
Politicians from Hokkaido
The 2010 season was Police United's 8th season in the top division of Thai football. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club played in the season.
Team kit
Chronological list of events
26 November 2009'': Police announce that they will re-locate to the Thammasat Stadium in Rangsit for the 2010 campaign10 November 2009: The Thai Premier League 2010 season first leg fixtures were announced.14 July 2010: Police United were knocked out by TTM Phichit in the FA Cup third round.22 September 2010: Police United were knocked out by Osotspa Saraburi in the League Cup second round.24 October 2010''': Police United finished in 11th place in the Thai Premier League.
Current squad
Results
Thai Premier League
League table
FA Cup
Third Round
League Cup
First Round
1st Leg
2nd Leg
Second Round
1st Leg
2nd Leg
Queen's Cup
References
2010
Thai football clubs 2010 season
The Hermit (IX) is the ninth trump or Major Arcana card in most traditional tarot decks. It is used in game playing as well as in divination.
Description
The Rider–Waite version of the card shows an old man, standing on a mountain peak, carrying a staff in one hand and a lit lantern containing a six-pointed star in the other. In the background is a mountain range.
According to Eden Gray, their lantern is the Lamp of Truth, used to guide the unknowing, their patriarch's staff helps them navigate narrow paths as they seek enlightenment and their cloak is a form of discretion.
Interpretation
According to A.E. Waite's 1910 book Pictorial Key to the Tarot, the Hermit card carries several divinatory associations:
9. THE HERMIT. Prudence, circumspection; also and especially treason, dissimulation, roguery, corruption. Reversed: Concealment, disguise, policy fear, unreasoned caution.
The card is usually thought to connote aspects of healing/recovery, particularly the kind that happens over time. In that regard, The Hermit is sometimes considered the mature and wiser version of The Magician. As such, both cards represent the astrological sign of Virgo. It is the critical factor for the issue at hand. The Hermit is the "withdrawal from events and relationship to introspect and gather strength". Seeking the inner voice or calling upon vision from within. A need of understanding and advice, or a wise person who will offer knowing guidance. A card of personal experience and thoughtful temperance.
Examples
In other media
A version of Pamela Colman Smith's Hermit designed by Barrington Colby is depicted on the inner jacket sleeve of Led Zeppelin IV.
In the X/1999 tarot version made by CLAMP, The Hermit is Satsuki Yatouji.
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Stardust Crusaders uses tarot cards to name character's Stands. Joseph Joestar has the Stand Hermit Purple, with abilities inspired by thoughtography.
References
Major Arcana
The Hipódromo de la Castellana, also known as the Hipódromo de Madrid, was a sports facility dedicated to horse racing. Located on the Paseo de la Castellana in Madrid, Spain, it was designed by engineer Francisco Boguerín as one of the first official horse racing tracks in the city. The Hipódromo was inaguruated to celebrate the wedding of King Alfonso XII in 1878. In successive years, the venue also hosted football matches, mainly some Copa del Rey finals.
With the widening of Paseo de la Castellana in the 1930s, the Hipódromo was closed and then demolished. The site, now occupied by the office buildings of Nuevos Ministerios, was on the outskirts of Madrid at that time. During its years of operation it was the meeting place of the gentry and aristocracy of the time.
The main horse racing venue for Madrid, since the mid-twentieth century, has been the Hippodrome de la Zarzuela.
Football
Since the founding of Real Madrid CF (then known as Madrid FC) in 1902, the venue has been the home of the club. As a football venue, it was replaced by the Campo de O'Donnell in 1912. The Hipódromo was by no means perfect. In order for the game to be visible from both sides of a field normally used for horse racing, the playing area was ridiculously large, and to make it worse, horse manure had been used as fertilizer, which in those times created a huge risk of tetanus; the venue was thus likened to a death trap.
During that period, the Hipódromo de Madrid hosted three finals of the Spanish Cup (1903, 1906 and 1907), the latter two of which being won by Madrid as part of their four successive Copa del Rey titles between 1905 and 1908. Notably, the venue also hosted all the matches of the 1902 Copa de la Coronación, the predecessor of the Copa del Rey. Furthermore, the Hipódromo de Madrid was the very first venue of a El Clásico match, when Madrid faced FC Barcelona in the semi-finals of the Copa de la Coronación on 13 May 1902, which ended in a 3–1 to the Catalan team.
Matches at the Estadio del Hipódromo included:
the 1902 Copa de la Coronación Final (in honour of the coronation of Alfonso XIII, not regarded as part of the Copa del Rey, the Spanish football cup competition)
the 1903 Copa del Rey Final (the first final of the Copa del Rey)
the 1906 Copa del Rey Final
the 1907 Copa del Rey Final
Other uses
In some cases air shows were held.
References
Defunct horse racing venues in Spain
Defunct football venues in Spain
Sports venues demolished in 1933
Former sports venues in Madrid
Defunct sports venues in Spain
Alfonso XII of Spain
Demolished buildings and structures in Madrid
Sports venues completed in 1878
The 2012 Memphis Tigers football team represented the University of Memphis in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Tigers were led by first year head coach Justin Fuente and played their home games at the Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee. They played in their final season as a member East Division of Conference USA in 2012 and moved to the Big East Conference in 2013. They finished the season 4–8, 4–4 in C-USA play to finish in a tie for third place in the East Division.
Schedule
Game summaries
Tennessee–Martin
@ Arkansas State
Middle Tennessee
@ Duke
Rice
@ East Carolina
UCF
@ SMU
@ Marshall
Tulane
@ UAB
Southern Miss
References
Memphis
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis Tigers football
National Health Service Act may refer to any of the following Acts of Parliament:
National Health Service Act 1946
National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947
National Health Service (Amendment) Act 1949
National Health Service Act 1951
National Health Service Act 1952
National Health Service Act 1977
National Health Service Act 2006
Katie Smith (born June 4, 1974) is lead assistant coach for the Minnesota Lynx of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).  They are the former head coach of the New York Liberty.
A retired professional basketball player, Smith's primary position was shooting guard, although they sometimes played small forward or point guard. They were the all-time leading scorer in women's professional basketball, having achieved over 7000 points in both their ABL and WNBA career. In 2016, they were voted one of the WNBA Top 20@20. On March 31, 2018, Smith was named to the 2018 class of inductees for the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. In the same year, Smith was also inducted into the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame.
Early life
Smith was born in Logan, Ohio, where they spent their formative years. They began playing basketball as early as the 5th grade on a boys' team and took tap dance and ballet lessons as a youngster.
They grew up in a family of student-athletes. Them father, John Jr., played football at Ohio University (OU), and won three varsity letters in the 1960s before becoming a dentist. Them younger brother, Tom, earned three varsity letters playing football at Ohio University as well as being a member on their track and field team. Tom won the 1996 Mid-American Conference championship in the discus throw. Them older brother, John, was a member of one of 11 University of Mount Union football teams that won the NCAA Division III title. They now are the head football coach at Bexley High School.
High school career
At Logan High School they were named the national Gatorade National Player of the Year during their senior year as they guided the Lady Chieftains to the Division I Ohio Girls' Basketball state championship game. Smith was named a High School All-American by the WBCA. They participated in the inaugural WBCA High School All-America Game in 1992, scoring fourteen points, and earning MVP honors.
College career
Smith attended Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio from 1992 to 1996, and helped lead the Buckeyes to a Big Ten championship and the NCAA title game their first-year student year. During their career at OSU, Smith broke the Big Ten scoring record for points scored in a career, in men's or women's basketball. They earned two Big Ten Conference players of the year awards as a senior: the conference's own award and the Chicago Tribune Silver Basketball.
Smith graduated in 1996 with a degree in zoology. On January 21, 2001, Ohio State honored them as the first female Buckeye athlete to have their number retired. They were also inducted into the Ohio State Varsity O Hall of Fame in October 2001.
Ohio State statistics
Source
Professional career
ABL
Smith played for the Columbus Quest of the ABL, helping the team to win both League championships in its only two full seasons of existence.
WNBA
In 2005, they became the first American female basketball player to score 5,000 total points in a professional career.
On August 16, 2007 they became the first professional women's basketball player to score 6,000 career points (ABL and WNBA combined). At the end of their career in 2013 Katie had a total of 7,885 professional career points, including 1,433 from the ABL and 6,452 from the WNBA.
From 1999 to 2005 Smith played for the Minnesota Lynx, where their outside shooting was the central focus of the Lynx offense. On July 30, 2005, Smith was traded to the Detroit Shock along with the Lynx's 2006 second round pick, for Chandi Jones, Stacey Thomas and the Shock's 2006 first round draft pick.
In 2006, Smith became the first WNBA player to win All Star games as a member of both the Eastern and Western Conference teams. They also became the only player to earn both ABL and WNBA championship rings when the Shock won the WNBA title, defeating the Sacramento Monarchs, the same year.
Smith was the MVP of the 2008 WNBA Finals, when the Detroit Shock beat the San Antonio Silver Stars 3–0.
On March 16, 2010, Katie Smith signed a contract with the Washington Mystics as a free agent.
On April 29, 2011, Smith was acquired by the Seattle Storm in a three-team trade with the Washington Mystics and Indiana Fever. At the 2011 WNBA All-Star Game, they were announced as one of the Top 15 players in the fifteen-year history of the WNBA as voted by fans.
On September 11, 2011 Katie Smith became the third player to score 6,000 points in their WNBA career.
In 2013, Smith was picked up by the New York Liberty and announced that the 2013 season would be them last.
Europe
During the 2001–02 season they played for Polish Lotos Gdynia. They reached the final of EuroLeague Women. In 2009, they played for Turkish Fenerbahçe Istanbul.
National team career
Smith was chosen to join the team which was invited to the 1993 U19 World Championship (then called the Junior World Championship). The team won five games and lost two, but that left them in seventh place. Smith was the second leading scorer for the team with 9.9 points per game
Smith represented the US at the 1995 World University Games held in Fukuoka, Japan in August and September 1995. The team had a record of 5–1, securing the silver medal. The USA team won early and reached a record of 5–0 when the USA beat Yugoslavia. In the semi-final game, the USA faced Russia. The team was behind much of the first half but managed to tie the game at the half. The USA broke the game open in the second half and won 101–74. The gold medal match was against unbeaten Italy. The Italian team started strong, scoring 12 of the first 14 points of the contest. Sylvia Crawley scored eight consecutive points to end the first half, but that left the USA nine points behind. The USA took a small lead in the second half, but the team from Italy responded with a ten-point run, and won the game and the gold medal by a score of 73–65. Smith averaged 4.4 points per game during the event.
Smith was invited to be a member of the Jones Cup team representing the US in 1996. They helped the team to a 9–0 record, and the gold medal in the event. Smith averaged 6.8 points per game.
As a member of the USAB women's senior national team, Smith helped the US earn the gold medals in the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Olympics as well as the 1998 and 2002 World Championships.
Smith was named to the USA national team in 1998. The national team traveled to Berlin, Germany in July and August 1998 for the FIBA World Championships. The USA team won a close opening game against Japan 95–89, then won their next six games easily. In the semifinal game against Brazil, the USA team was behind as much as ten points in the first half, but the USA went on to win 93–79. The gold medal game was a rematch against Russia. In the first game, the USA team dominated almost from the beginning, but in the rematch, the team from Russia took the early lead and led much of the way. With under two minutes remaining, the USA was down by two points but the USA responded, then held on to win the gold medal 71–65. Smith averaged 9.3 points per game.
WNBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" | 1999
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 30 || 29 || 32.4 || .387 || .382 || .766 || 2.9 || 2.0 || 0.6 || 0.3 || 1.83 || 11.7
|-
| align="left" | 2000
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 32 || 32 || style="background:#D3D3D3"|37.3° || .421 || .379 || .869 || 2.9 || 2.8 || 1.4 || 0.2 || 2.38 || 20.2
|-
| align="left" | 2001
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 32 || 32 || style="background:#D3D3D3"|38.6° || .393 || .354 || .895 || 3.8 || 2.2 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 2.72 || style="background:#D3D3D3"|23.1°
|-
| align="left" | 2002
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 31 || 31 || style="background:#D3D3D3"|36.7° || .404 || .330 || .824 || 3.0 || 2.5 || 1.0 || 0.2 || 2.26 || 16.5
|-
| align="left" | 2003
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 34 || 34 || 34.9 || .457 || .390 || .881 || 4.1 || 2.5 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 1.97 || 18.2
|-
| align="left" | 2004
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 23 || 23 || 34.8 || .431 || .432 || .899 || 3.7 || 2.3 || 1.0 || 0.3 || 2.22 || 18.8
|-
| align="left" | 2005*
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 23 || 23 || 33.3 || .383 || .337 || .789 || 2.4 || 2.7 || 1.1 || 0.1 || 2.35 || 13.3
|-
| align="left" | 2005*
| align="left" | Detroit
| 13 || 9 || 30.3 || .374 || .327 || .765 || 2.2 || 2.0 || 0.4 || 0.2 || 1.31 || 9.5
|-
| align="left" | 2005
| align="left" | Total
| style="background:#D3D3D3"|36° || 32 || 32.3 || .380 || .333 || .782 || 2.3 || 2.4 || 0.8 || 0.1 || 2.00 || 11.9
|-
| align="left" | 2006
| align="left" | Detroit
| 34 || 34 || 33.4 || .407 || .366 || .912 || 2.7 || 3.3 || 0.7 || 0.1 || 1.91 || 11.7
|-
| align="left" | 2007
| align="left" | Detroit
| 34 || 34 || 34.3 || .361 || .311 || .847 || 3.8 || 3.6 || 1.2 || 0.1 || 1.74 || 13.2
|-
| align="left" | 2008
| align="left" | Detroit
| 34 || 34 || 33.9 || .383 || .360 || .887 || 2.8 || 4.0 || 0.9 || 0.1 || 2.35 || 14.7
|-
| align="left" | 2009
| align="left" | Detroit
| 27 || 27 || 33.1 || .435 || .432 || .918 || 2.3 || 2.8 || 0.8 || 0.1 || 2.30 || 13.7
|-
| align="left" | 2010
| align="left" | Washington
| 33 || 33 || 30.8 || .395 || .362 || .764 || 2.1 || 2.6 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 1.61 || 9.5
|-
| align="left" | 2011
| align="left" | Seattle
| 34 || 3 || 25.1 || .395 || .395 || .857 || 2.3 || 2.0 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 1.32 || 7.5
|-
| align="left" | 2012
| align="left" | Seattle
| 34 || 31 || 27 || .412 || .4 || .838 || 2.7 || 2.1 || 0.6 || 0.1 || 1.5 || 6.7
|-
| align="left" | 2013
| align="left" | New York
| 34 || 30 || 26.6 || .374 || .315 || .848 || 1.9 || 1.8 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 1.26 || 6.1
|-
| align="left" | Career
| align="left" |14 years, 4 teams
| 448 || 409 || 33.1 || .405 || .369 || .859 || 2.9 || 2.7 || 0.9 || 0.2 || 1.99 || 13.9
Postseason
|-
| align="left" | 2003
| align="left" | Minnesota
| 3 || 3 || style="background:#D3D3D3"|40.0° || .429 || .357 || .917 || 4.3 || 3.0 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 2.67 || 17.3
|-
| align="left" | 2005
| align="left" | Detroit
| 2 || 2 || 33.5 || .269 || .200 || 1 || 3.0 || 0.5 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 1 || 10.5
|-
| align="left" | 2006
| align="left" | Detroit
| 10 || 10 || 36.8 || .436 || .4 || .735 || 2.5 || 4.0 || 0.5 || 0.0 || 2.40 || 14.7
|-
| align="left" | 2007
| align="left" | Detroit
| 11 || 11 || 35.7 || .341 || .342 || .760 || 3.2 || 3.6 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 2.27 || 12.2
|-
| align="left" | 2008
| align="left" | Detroit
| 9 || 9 || 34.3 || .410 || .354 || .758 || 4.0 || 2.4 || 0.4 || 0.1 || 1.78 || 15.3
|-
| align="left" | 2010
| align="left" | Washington
| 2 || 2 || 27.5 || .333 || .143 || .833 || 4.0 || 1.0 || 0.5 || 0.0 || 1.50 || 7.0
|-
| align="left" | 2011
| align="left" | Seattle
| 3 || 0 || 25.3 || .174 || .286 || 1 || 3 || 2.3 || 0.7 || 0 || 0.67 || 5.3
|-
| align="left" | 2012
| align="left" | Seattle
| 3 || 3 || 37.3 || .455 || .4 || .667 || 2.3 || 2 || 1 || 0 || 1.67 || 9.3
|-
| align="left" | Career
| align="left" |8 years, 4 teams
| 43 || 40 || 34.9 || .381 || .345 || .784 || 3.2 || 3 || 0.6 || 0.1 || 1.98 || 12.8
Coaching career
Following the end of the Liberty's 2013 season, they were named one of the team's assistant coaches, replacing the departing Taj McWilliams-Franklin. Smith was named associate head coach of the New York Liberty for the 2016 season. They were elevated to head coach in October 2017. They were the head coach in the 2018 and 2019 seasons, but their contract was not renewed for 2020. Smith then became the lead assistant coach for the Minnesota Lynx.
Coaching record
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| NYL
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018
|34||7||27|||| style="text-align:center;"|5th in Eastern||—||—||—||—
| style="text-align:center;"|Missed Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| NYL
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019
|34||10||24|||| style="text-align:center;"|5th in Eastern||—||—||—||—
| style="text-align:center;"|Missed Playoffs
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"|Career
| ||68||17||51|||| ||0||0||0||
See also
Basketball in the United States
List of WNBA players
References
External links
WNBA Player Profile
Olympic Player Profile
Katie Smith's U.S. Olympic Team bio
1974 births
Living people
All-American college women's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American women's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Ohio
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Ohio
Columbus Quest players
Detroit Shock players
Fenerbahçe women's basketball players
LGBT basketball players
LGBT people from Ohio
Lesbian sportswomen
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Minnesota Lynx players
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame inductees
New York Liberty coaches
New York Liberty head coaches
Ohio State Buckeyes women's basketball players
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in basketball
Parade High School All-Americans (girls' basketball)
People from Fairfield County, Ohio
People from Logan, Ohio
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Universiade medalists in basketball
Universiade silver medalists for the United States
Washington Mystics players
Women's National Basketball Association All-Stars
Medalists at the 1995 Summer Universiade
United States women's national basketball team players
New Hampshire's 16th State Senate district is one of 24 districts in the New Hampshire Senate. It has been represented by Democrat Kevin Cavanaugh since their victory in a 2017 special election to replace deceased fellow Democrat Scott McGilvray.
Geography
District 16 covers parts of Hillsborough, Merrimack, and Rockingham Counties, including the towns of Bow, Candia, Dunbarton, and Hooksett, as well as the city of Manchester's 1st, 2nd, and 12th wards.
The district overlaps with New Hampshire's 1st congressional district and New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district.
Recent election results
2020
2018
2017
2016
2014
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 16
References
16
Hillsborough County, New Hampshire
Merrimack County, New Hampshire
Rockingham County, New Hampshire
Death Is Hard Work is a novel written by Khaled Khalifa. Published originally in 2016, it was translated from Arabic into English February 12, 2019 by Leri Price. The story is set in Syria as three siblings—Bolbol, Hussein, and Fatima—journey to complete their dead father's final wish of being buried next to their sister, Layla, in their hometown of Anabiya. The normally short drive turns into a few days' journey full of stress and violence as they must travel through warring territory with constant checkpoints they are stopped at.
The novel was one of the finalists of the National Book Awards and has been notably reviewed by numerous sources like The Wall Street Journal, Kirkus Reviews, and The Los Angeles Times.
Background
The Syrian novel, Death Is Hard Work, was written in light of the ongoing Syrian civil war (2011-current). At this point, the Syrian civil war had set a nation against itself. Chemical weapons were being used to subdue the general population, sowing more distrust in an already-shattered nation. Multiple military sectors were competing for the upper hand, making civilian life dangerous as towns and roads became war zones.
In 2013, during the difficult and violent conflict, author Khaled Khalifa suffered a heart attack; they were temporarily bed-bound in a hospital. During this time they reflected, with the constant noise of bombs bursting in the background, on the question of what would happen to their body if they were to die during this wartime. Their reflections resulted in this novel focused on familial conflict regarding a corpse needing burial within a war zone.
Considerable parallels are seen between the war in Death Is Hard Work and the current Syrian civil war, as both show how war affects normal life.
Plot summary
During the civil war in Syria, a rebel leader by the name of Abdel Latif al-Salim lay dying in a Damascene hospital. Abdel reveals their dying wish to be buried beside their sister Layla in their hometown of Anabiya to their son Bolbol, who steps up and pledges to honor their father's wishes, regardless of the troubles that they may encounter along the way. Bolbol then tells the news of their father's death to their sister, Fatima, and brother, Hussein, who both agree to help Bolbol accomplish their father's wish.
Bolbol sets out with their siblings to cross Syria with Abdel's corpse in tow. This journey proves to be more complex than originally thought; with the addition of military checkpoints every few miles, a few hours journey is turned into a days-long odyssey.
At the first of many military checkpoints, the guards recognize Abdel's corpse, and set out to have their dead body arrested for crimes against the regime. After much discussion with many guards, Bolbol manages to bribe the authorities to permit the body's free passage, allowing the group to continue their voyage. As similar events continue to occur with each passing checkpoint, Bolbol contemplates how easy this journey would be if only they were transporting sacks of cumin rather than a dead body. This leads Bolbol to reminiscence on their past, recalling particular details of their youth, such as the neighborhood they grew up in, and the practical effects of being raised during wartime.
After calling in a favor, the group stops at Bolbol's childhood friend, Lamia's (whom they were passionately in love and wrote poetry to, but could not marry) house after dropping Abdel's body off in the local morgue for the night. Over the course of their stay, Lamia and their husband, Zuhayr, offer to help the group pass the next few checkpoints with relative ease, due to Zuhayr's family connections to the regime. It is also revealed that Lamia continues to be an object of Bolbol's obsession. Bolbol spends the night longing for the old days, when they were in love with Lamia. This leads directly into Bolbol recounting an old story regarding the relationship between Abdel and their second wife, Navine, particularly from when they met, to when they got married after the death of Adbel's first wife and mother to their children.
With the corpse rapidly decaying, the guards at each checkpoint begin to provide leniency to the group more readily, allowing them swifter passage just to be rid of the sight. After the group passes a man's half-eaten corpse, an argument breaks out between Bolbol and Hussein about how easy it would be to simply leave their father's corpse there to be eaten by wolves, and no one would be the wiser. This leads Bolbol to provide backstory on Hussein, explaining their tendencies to overreact and lash out at loved ones, and their long history of causing trouble with family. Meanwhile, the corpse's decay has gotten to the point where the scent can no longer be masked with cologne.
After stopping for the night in their van, the group is attacked by wild dogs after the scent of the corpse, leaving the siblings panicked and increasingly on-edge. At the peak of this panic, Hussein picks a fight with Bolbol, who goes down quite easily with a few punches. The stress of their journey has begun to break the siblings, as they all resolve to sob in silence for the night.
After passing through several more checkpoints, the group is stopped by an extremist group, who end up withholding passage from Bolbol until they complete a "religious reeducation course." Left with no other choice, Hussein and Fatima, who has been struck mute, continue on without Bolbol, even more determined to reach Anabiya now that the corpse shows signs of maggot infestation. The two siblings reach Anabiya before sundown, and meet with a cousin and uncle of theirs: the only surviving relatives in the village. Plans are made to bury the body at morning prayer. Bolbol arrives at the village and rejoins their siblings, having been turned over to their uncle by the extremist group. That night, each sibling reflects on how little they desire to see each other after the burial.
After the burial, Bolbol resolves to be addressed only by their original name, Nabil. Fatima has gone permanently mute from the shock of the journey. Hussein quite uncharacteristically keeps to himself. The siblings begin their journey home, and each show a large degree of relief as they pass through the checkpoints with ease, now that they are not in possession of their father's corpse. Hussein and Fatima drop Bolbol off at their neighborhood in Damascus, and leave without exchanging words. Bolbol contemplates how their house smells of their father's corpse, and how they want their face to melt under the hot water like their father's corpse had melted away in rot.
Characters
Main Characters
Abdel Latif al-Salim – Father of Bolbol, Hussein, and Fatima, husband to Navine. Nicknamed "The Anabiyan" after their hometown, they were a major rebel leader in the civil war. Their death and subsequent burial are the driving elements of the novel.
Bolbol – Middle child, younger son of Abdel and Navine. Usually described as weak, fearful, and paranoid. At their father's death, Bolbol shows unusual courage and determination to honor their father's wish to be buried in their hometown, Anabiya.
Hussein – The Oldest child, older son of Abdel and Navine. Hotheaded and temperamental. Enjoys commanding others, especially through the use of aphorisms. Had the dream of being successful and powerful but those plans fell through to leave them as a minibus driver.
Fatima – The Youngest child, only daughter of Abdel and Navine. Loves gossip, and generally very emotional and empathetic. Feels compelled to reunite the family after their father's death, to keep the peace within the family. Known to have two children, an older son and a younger daughter.  They are described to live in a male-dominating life both in marriage and in their intermediate family.
Secondary Characters
Navine – Second wife to Abdel. Worked as an art teacher before marrying Abdel. They were raised in a middle class, educated family, making their marriage to Abdel somewhat controversial.
Layla – Sister to Abdel. Committed suicide by dousing themselves in kerosene and setting themselves ablaze in order to avoid an arranged marriage to a man they could not love.
Mamdouh – Fatima's ex-husband. Studied under Abdel during high school years.
Hiyam – Bolbol's ex-wife. Divorced Bolbol, disappearing with their son, named for Abdel.
Lamia – Bolbol's childhood friend and ex-lover. Dedicated to helping people in need; known to house upwards of 40 refugees in their house at once. Received letters of poetry from Bolbol, but never pursued the relationship.
Zuhayr – Lamia's husband. Went to prison before marrying Lamia. Family has ties to the regime, but is sympathetic to the rebel cause.
Reception
Death Is Hard Work received attention and praise from reviewers, with Middle East Eye calling it "a road trip novel unlike any other." and The Guardian noting how the novel is "robust in its doubts, humane in its gaze and gentle in its persistence."
Elliot Ackerman of The New York Times directly compares Khalifa to American author, William Faulkner, stating "Many fine American writers have claimed the mantle of Faulkner's successor ... With "Death Is Hard Work," Khaled Khalifa has, intentionally or not, also laid claim to that title." Similar sentiments were given by Nadia Ismail of The Columbia Journal.
References
Arabic-language novels
2016 novels
The Fritzerkogel is a mountain in the Tennengebirge (Tennen Mountain Range) in the northern Limestone Alps, Austria. With its elevation of , is one of the higher peaks in the mountain range. Seen from the north it stands out as a relatively isolated, broad summit block, whose mighty rock faces and steep, rugged, rocky flanks (Schrofen) fall away on all sides. Its south cliff face is impressive and makes it a striking two-thousander.
General
The Fritzerkogel rises in the eastern part of the Tennen mountains high above the valley of the Lammer between Abtenau and Anne-Lungötz, directly opposite the Gosau ridge, the Bischofsmütze and the Dachstein mountains. Further to the west is the actual karst plateau of the Tennen mountains, behind the Bleikogel mountain. As a solitary peak, the Fritzerkogel offers a good view in all directions. It is therefore climbed frequently. Tours to the summit depart from the Laufen Hut of the German Alpine Club.
The peak Kleiner Fritzerkogel ("Little Fritzerkogel") lies slightly west of the Fritzerkogel, elevation (), , which is why Fritzerkogel is sometimes called Großer Fritzerkogel ("Great Fritzerkogel").
Routes
The Fritzerkogel is one of the most popular mountains in the Tennengebirge, however climbing it is not straightforward. Prerequisites are sure-footedness, a head for heights, good physical fitness, and alpine experience. Unexpected hazards such as fog, leading to disorientation, and sudden storms have given the region a feared reputation amongst climbers.
The typical ascent to the Laufen Hut begins in Abtenau. From the hut, there are two routes:
via the east face, duration: 2 hours, change in elevation:
This steep climb is the normal route and runs from the Laufen Hut, initially southwards across grass- and fir-covered slopes as well as several corries, to a shoulder. Turning right, the path crosses the very steep eastern flank, which is quite exposed, over schrofen terrain to the summit with its summit cross. The path is signed throughout; its grade is I, according to the UIAA.
via the west face, duration: 2.5 hours, change in elevation:
This route is not as difficult, but longer, running initially westwards from the Laufen Hut to the Tennkessel, then turning left after 15 minutes, the path straight ahead leading to the Bleikogel. It continues up a fairly steep climb through a rock-filled cirque (Geröllkar) and the so-called Eiskeller (ice-house) to a col west of the summit. The final ascent to the summit is rather easy, passing grassy slopes to reach the summit cross. Signed throughout, this route is graded "unschwierig" (not difficult). The route is a ski touring route in winter.
Further reading
References
External links
Laufener Hütte, 1.726 m alpenverein.at
Ski tour with photos
Mountains of Salzburg (state)
Mountains of the Alps
The Church of St. Peter () is a Roman Catholic church in Chennevières-sur-Marne, Val-de-Marne, France. It is partly listed as a Class Historic Monument.
History
The church belonged to the Abbey of Hiverneau de Lésigny, Essonne. It was mentioned for the first time in 1205.
It was built in the 13th century and used as a priory church in the 14th century. Pits from the construction works were discovered by archaeological excavations near the apse in 2012–3.
A part of the church was listed as a Class Historic Monument in 1920.
Description
The church was built in the Champenois style. It has a nave without transept, and a semi-circular choir with 3 apses. The archaeological works revealed shallow foundations and the presence of tombs on three levels from 14th century to the early 19th century.
References
Churches in Val-de-Marne
13th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in France
13th-century establishments in France
Monuments historiques of Île-de-France
Abdellah Kharbouchi (born August 10, 1980, Beni-Sidel, Morocco) is a Moroccan footballer.  They are currently player and manager of Villemomble Sports.
Coaching career
In the summer 2019, Kharbouchi returned to Villemomble Sports as a player and joint-manager alongside Jean-Claude Tagba.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan football managers
Amiens SC players
Racing Club de France Football players
FC Sète 34 players
Le Havre AC players
FC Gueugnon players
AS Cannes players
USL Dunkerque players
Villemomble Sports players
AC Amiens players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Association football midfielders
People from Nador
Ionica was a domestic telecoms provider based in Cambridge, UK, operating between 1995 and 1998.
Founded in 1991, Ionica offered an alternative technology to British Telecom. The Ionica system used a microwave transmitter in order to provide the local loop, thus avoiding reliance on British Telecom for this final link to the consumer. The technology, known as Wireless local loop (WLL), was developed in partnership with Nortel. However, rising costs and limiting technical factors caused the company to cease trading in 1998.
Floatation
The company floated in July 1997 with shares initially trading at 390p. At its peak Ionica was valued at over one billion pounds, the first Silicon Fen company to reach that value.
Goals and technical limitations
The company's initial aim was to take twenty percent of the domestic market with offers such as multiple ringing tones and a free second line but the technology used proved to be limited, with heavy rain and local radio transmissions interfering with calls. Despite the technology having been used with great success in remote areas of Canada, it proved to be unsuitable in a British urban setting. In particular the technology used spectrum at 3.5 GHz, which limited line-of-sight range to the base station and was narrowband, which meant it could not provide broadband Internet access.
Failure
First signs that Ionica was in trouble came when expansion plans were put on hold in an attempt to improve service and add much needed capacity in existing markets such as Yorkshire, The Midlands and East Anglia.
By March 1998 the company was looking to bring in an outside investor and shortly after failed to agree terms with existing investors for the £300 million debts already accumulated. By August 1998 Ionica had failed to find a 'strategic partner', and despite strong assurances that cash resources of £45 million would keep the company solvent until January 1999 many observers predicted its imminent demise.
Into administration
On Thursday 29 October 1998 administrators were called in. The company's assets were valued at £250 million. The following Monday 2 November 1998 the administrators made around half of the company's 1,200 staff redundant.
The administration process was finally wound up in March 2009.
Customer migration and end of service
From December 1998 onwards Ionica's 62,000 customers were gradually migrated to British Telecom with special prices being offered to support their move. In the meantime BT supported Ionica financially, allowing customers to continue using their telephones.
Service finally ceased on 28 February 1999.
Former headquarters
The former Ionica building was constructed in 1994 and is located on St John's Innovation Park, adjacent to the A14. Despite an apparently desirable location the building remained vacant for much of the time since the demise of Ionica. CSR plc moved into the building in May 2007.
References
External links
From the Internet Archive
Defunct telecommunications companies of the United Kingdom
British companies established in 1991
British companies disestablished in 1998
Telecommunication companies established in 1991
Telecommunication companies disestablished in 1998
1991 establishments in England
1998 disestablishments in England
Club 2002 – Party for the Unity and the Republic is a political party in the Republic of the Congo that is part of Denis Sassou Nguesso's presidential majority and is currently led by Juste Désiré Mondélé.
History
The movement was founded on January 30, 2002 by Wilfrid Nguesso, a nephew of President Denis Sassou Nguesso.
Initially the Club 2002 was a political association, but in 2007 it was transformed into a political party and "Party for the Unity and the Republic" was added to its name. On 17 July 2007, the Consensus for Change and Development, a political association, merged with the Club 2002, while the Organization for the Development of the Land of Alima Como Ndzaléitsé, another political association, became an affiliated association of the Club 2002.
In the parliamentary election held on 24 June and 5 August 2007, the party won 3 out of 137 seats.
Wilfrid Nguesso was a very religious man who was known to invoke their Christian faith during party meetings. At a meeting to mark Club 2002's 12th anniversary on 30 January 2014, Nguesso announced their decision to dissolve the party because they believed God wanted them to abandon politics and work as a pastor. At the urging of party members, Nguesso subsequently rescinded their decision, however. At Club 2002's first extraordinary congress, held on 16–17 May 2014, a new advisory body headed by Nguesso, the Supervisory Board, was created. Now heading an advisory body, Nguesso said that this enabled them "to reconcile my political responsibilities and my pastoral mission". At the congress, they peppered their words with religious invocations.
Electoral history
National Assembly elections
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Political parties established in 2002
2002 establishments in the Republic of the Congo
Eleni Vasileiou (born 29 July 1974) is a Greek former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1974 births
Living people
Greek women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Greece
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Piraeus
The 2022–23 Israeli Basketball Premier League, for sponsorship reasons Ligat Winner, will be the 69th season of the Israeli Basketball Premier League. The league will start on October 8, 2022.
Format
The regular season will be played in a 22-round Round-Robin format. The top 6 finishers will play the 5 rounds "upper house", with the other 6 teams playing the 5 rounds "bottom house". The 6 upper group teams, joined by the top 2 teams from the bottom group, will play the quarter finals as Best-of-5 series. The semi finals and finals will be played as Best-of-3 series.
Teams
Maccabi Rishon LeZion has been relegated to 2022–23 National League after placing in the bottom place of the 2021–22 Premier League.
Ironi Kiryat Ata has been promoted to the league after winning the 2021–22 National League.
Stadia and locations
Personnel and sponsorship
Regular season
Rounds 1 to 22
Positions by round
The table lists the positions of teams after completion of each round.
Awards
MVP of the Round
Monthly Awards
Player of the Month
Israeli Player of the Month
Coach of the Month
Israeli clubs in European competitions
Bold – still active
References
Israeli Basketball Premier League seasons
Israel
Basketball
Scheduled basketball competitions
Poland competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan, from 24 August to 5 September 2021.
Medalists
Archery
Łukasz Ciszek and Milena Olszewska have both qualified to compete.
Men
Women
Athletics
Men's track
Men's field
Women's track
Women's field
Badminton
Bartłomiej Mróz has qualified to compete.
Cycling
Krystian Giera, Renata Kałuża, Justyna Kiryla, Marcin Polak, Dominika Putyra, Rafał Szumiec and Rafał Wilk have all qualified to compete.
Track
Pursuits and time trials
Men
Women
Equestrian
Poland qualified one athlete.
Paracanoeing
Poland has qualified two athletes in men's VL2 & women's KL3 events, Katarzyna Kozikowska, Kamila Kubas, Mateusz Surwiło and Jakub Tokarz.
Powerlifting
Justyna Kozdryk, Grzegorz Lanzer, Paulina Przywecka-Puziak, Sławomir Szymański, Mariusz Tomczyk and Marzena Zięba have all qualified to compete.
Men
Women
Rowing
Poland qualified one boat in the mixed double sculls for the games by finishing sixth at A-final and securing the six of eight available place at the 2019 World Rowing Championships in Ottensheim, Austria.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); R=Repechage
Shooting
Poland entered three shooters into the Paralympics.
Swimming
Nine Polish swimmers qualified to compete at the Games.
Men
Women
Table tennis
Poland entered nine athletes into the table tennis competition at the games. Patryk Chojnowski & Natalia Partyka qualified from 2019 ITTF European Para Championships which was held in Helsingborg, Sweden and other seven athletes via World Ranking allocation.
Men
Women
Wheelchair fencing
Adrian Castro, Kinga Dróżdż, Patricia Haręza, Michal Nalewajek, Dariusz Pender and Grzegorz Pluta have all qualified to compete.
Men
Women
Wheelchair tennis
Poland qualified two player entries for wheelchair tennis. One of them qualified through the world rankings, while the other qualified under the bipartite commission invitation allocation quota.
See also
Poland at the Paralympics
Poland at the 2020 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
2020
2021 in Polish sport
Gerrus can refer to:
Gerrus (province), Iran
Gerrus (genus), a genus in the bird of paradise family Paradisaeidae
GER-RUS, the German-Russian Museum Berlin-Karlshorst
Ramanan Laxminarayan Ph.D., M.P.H., FIDSA (born 1970 in Kampala, Uganda) is an economist and an epidemiologist.  They are founder and director of the One Health Trust - formerly known as the Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics & Policy (CDDEP) - in Washington, D.C., and director of the World Health Organization Collaborating Center for Antimicrobial Resistance. Laxminarayan is a senior research scholar at Princeton University, an affiliate professor at the University of Washington, a senior associate at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, and a visiting professor at the University of Strathclyde. Their research on epidemiological models of infectious diseases and economic analysis of drug resistance, and research on public health gets attention from leaders and policymakers worldwide. They served on the President Obama's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology's antimicrobial resistance working group.  They are also a voting member of the U.S. Presidential Advisory Council on Combating Antimicrobial Resistance. They have served as chairperson of the Global Antibiotic Research and Development Partnership (GARDP), a not-for-profit organization dedicated to developing new antimicrobials, since its founding. GARDP was created by the World Health Organization and the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative (DNDi).
Laxminarayan was a key architect of the Affordable Medicines Facility-malaria (AMFm), an innovative financing mechanism to provide affordable, effective antimalarial drugs worldwide. The idea emerged from an Institute of Medicine panel chaired by economist Kenneth Arrow that called for global subsidies to ensure that artemisinin-based antimalarials were introduced to crowd out monotherapies that would result in resistance. Laxminarayan served on that panel and subsequently worked extensively on the design of the subsidy mechanism. AMFm was launched in 2008 with a commitment from British Prime Minister Gordon Brown.
Laxminarayan is a leading global expert on understanding of antibiotic resistance as a problem of managing a shared global resource. Through their prolific research, active public outreach and sustained policy engagement, Laxminarayan played a central role in bringing the issue of drug resistance to the attention of leaders and policymakers worldwide and to the United Nations General Assembly in September 2016. Their TED talk on antibiotic resistance which helped bring attention to this issue has been viewed more than a million times.
During the Obama Administration, Laxminarayan served on the U.S. President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology's antimicrobial resistance working group. They were subsequently appointed a voting member of the U.S. Presidential Advisory Council on Combating Antimicrobial Resistance in 2016. They were appointed to a second term under the Trump Administration.
Laxminarayan is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, a fellow of the American Association for Advancement of Science, and a fellow of the Infectious Disease Society of America.  They are a series editor of the Disease Control Priorities for Developing Countries, 3rd edition.
Immunization Technical Support Unit
In 2012, Laxminarayan created the Immunization Technical Support Unit (ITSU) that supports the immunization program of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India and which is credited with helping rapidly improve vaccination coverage and introduction of four new vaccines. The Mission Indradhanush campaign was conceptualized by ITSU and subsequently launched by India's Universal Immunization Programme. Among other innovations, Laxminarayan and their colleagues were instrumental in creating the electronic vaccine intelligence network (eVIN) with pilots in Bareilly and Shahjahanpur. eVIN is now the world's largest electronic vaccine logistics management system and covers all 731 districts across 36 states and union territories in the country.
Covid in India
Laxminarayan was among the earliest in warning about the potential devastation of COVID-19 in India. In a series of interviews in mid-March 2020, when India had fewer than 500 cases and 10 deaths, they predicted that over 200 million Indians would be infected and 1-2 million would die of the disease unless strict measures were put in place. Their interview with the BBC, Barkha Dutt and Karan Thapar which warned of a tsunami of Covid cases in India were viewed widely, and were believed to have prompted a widespread lockdown across India by the Indian government. In an oped published in the New York Times following the nationwide lockdown on March 24, 2020, Laxminarayan warned that India only had a few weeks to create an enormous, affordable and easily available testing infrastructure, contain local outbreaks and prepare for the avalanche of the coronavirus. In an interview with Isaac Chotiner of the New Yorker, they predicted that it was "likely that Covid will just rip through the population, unless something fundamentally changes in the virus itself in India, for which we have no real evidence."
They subsequently led the largest study of Covid epidemiology in the world, which was published in Science.
Oxygen For India
During the second Delta wave of COVID-19 in India during March and April 2021, Laxminarayan and a team of volunteers is instrumental in organizing imports of oxygen equipment to solve the challenge of last minute delivery of medical oxygen to patients. The campaign was supported by over 12,000 individual donors and large corporations including United Airlines, Logitech, UIPath, Yahoo and TechMahindra. Laxminarayan's colleague Rahul Thakkar, who had been hospitalized for COVID-19 and for whom Laxminarayan had started the campaign died of the disease in April 2021. OxygenForIndia, a volunteer driven campaign that eventually imported over 20,000 oxygen cylinders and 3,000 oxygen concentrators to alleviate the need for medical oxygen.
Laxminarayan and Dr Indu Bhushan, the founding CEO of Ayushman Bharat together lead OxygenForIndia's work on the formation of a national oxygen grid with the objective that no Indian will die because of lack of medical oxygen anytime, anywhere.
HealthCubed
In 2015, Laxminarayan founded HealthCubed, an award-winning start-up to improve access to healthcare and diagnosis for billions of people in both rich and poor countries. The company's flagship product, HealthCube XL, about the size of small dictionary, can carry out over 32 diagnostic tests including ECG, blood pressure, SpO2, hemoglobin, cholesterol, blood glucose and urine analysis, and deliver quality, reliable results within minutes to enable rapid diagnosis. Diagnostic algorithms and applications for patient registration, medical records, payment and referrals, enable patients to get test results that are saved in encrypted format. Currently HealthCubes are deployed across India and Africa and over 1,000,000 patients have already been tested using this technology. HealthCube is regulatory approved in more than 30 countries around the world including in Europe, South Africa, Ghana, Angola and Kenya. HealthCubed was among 16 finalists (selected from 340 entrants) for the Trinity Challenge, which aimed to bring the power of data and analytics to identify, respond to, or recover from disease outbreaks in innovative ways. HealthCubed was named biotech startup of the year by the Government of Karnataka in India for the year 2021, and was a finalist at the 2019 UCSF Digital Health Awards.
Selected awards and honors
Distinguished Alumnus, Academia and Research, Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani, 2019
Distinguished Alumnus, University of Washington, Seattle, 2020
Ella Pringle Keynote Lecture Medal, Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh 2018
John LaMontagne Memorial Lecture, NIAID, 2016
O'Brien Lecture, University College, Dublin, 2016
Winter Lecture, 2015, University of Edinburgh
BP Koirala Memorial Oration, BP Koirala Institute of Health Sciences, Dharan, 2019
References
Indian economists
Indian epidemiologists
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani alumni
Living people
1970 births
Casey Corner is an unincorporated community in Nevada County, California. It lies at an elevation of 1417 feet (432 m). Casey Corner is located in Penn Valley. The area is anchored by a shopping center, and several surrounding businesses.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Nevada County, California
Circumstellar dust is cosmic dust around a star. It can be in the form of a spherical shell or a disc, e.g. an accretion disk. Circumstellar dust can be responsible for significant extinction and is usually the source of an infrared excess for stars that have it. For some evolved stars on the asymptotic giant branch, the dust is composed of silicate emissions while others contain the presence of other dust components. According to a study, it is still uncertain whether the dust is a result of crystalline silicate or polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon. However, recent observations revealed that Vega-type stars display broad silicate emission. It is suggested that the circumstellar dust components can depend on the evolutionary stage of a star and is related to the changes in its physical conditions.
The motion of circumstellar dust is governed by forces due to stellar gravity and radiation pressure.
Circumstellar dust in the Solar System causes the zodiacal light.
See also
Accretion disc
Circumplanetary disk
Circumstellar envelope
KIC 8462852 − Tabby's Star − oddly dimming star
List of stars that dim oddly
WD 1145+017 - star destroying planetesimal, producing a dusty disk
Sources
References
Stellar astronomy
Cosmic dust
Plantersville may refer to:
Plantersville, Alabama, an unincorporated community
Plantersville, Mississippi, a town
Plantersville, South Carolina, an unincorporated community
Plantersville, Texas, an unincorporated community
20th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1855, the 20th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 20th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1945 Nova Scotia general election, the 42nd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 43rd Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 20th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Tropic Madness is a 1928 American drama film directed by Robert G. Vignola, written by Randolph Bartlett and Wyndham Gittens, and starring Leatrice Joy, Lena Malena, George Barraud, Henry Sedley, Albert Valentino and David Durand. It was released on December 19, 1928, by Film Booking Offices of America.
Cast
Leatrice Joy as Juanita
Lena Malena as Koki
George Barraud as Henderson
Henry Sedley as Johnson
Albert Valentino as Lennox
David Durand as Frankie
References
External links
1928 films
1920s English-language films
Silent American drama films
1928 drama films
Film Booking Offices of America films
Films directed by Robert G. Vignola
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
This is the list of cathedrals in Haiti sorted by denomination.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Haiti:
Cathedral of St. Anne in Anse-à-Veau
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption in Cap-Haïtien
Cathedral of St. Joseph in Fort-Liberté
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Hinche
Cathedral of St. James and St. Philip in Jacmel
Cathedral of St. Louis King of France in Jérémie
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption in Les Cayes
Cathedral of St. Charles Borromeo in Gonaïves
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption in Port-au-Prince; destroyed in the 2010 earthquake
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Port-de-Paix
Co-Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Miragoâne
Anglican
Anglican Cathedrals in Haiti:
Holy Trinity Cathedral in Port-au-Prince
See also
Lists of cathedrals
Christianity in Haiti
References
Haiti
Cathedrals
Haiti
Cathedrals
The Gop (, also known as Gop Cairn or Gop-y-Goleuni) is a neolithic monument lying within the Clwydian Range, northwest of Trelawnyd, in Flintshire, Wales, in the Clwydian Range. There is evidence that there was a considerable amount of stone on the top of hill, which may indicate that it was used as a look-out or hill fort.
Description
Oval in form, it is the second-largest neolithic mound in Britain after Silbury Hill, in Wiltshire. Excavations have discovered prehistoric remains both in the caves below and in the mound itself.
Excavations have uncovered no burial chambers or other underground works, which may indicate that it was used as a look-out or hill fort; there is evidence that there was a considerable amount of stone on the top of hill. In the 17th century, its prominent position allowed a beacon to be placed there.
The mound lies on top of Gop Hill (823 feet), a natural limestone outcrop, in the side of which are the Gop Caves.
References
The Megalithic Portal and Megalith Map
External links
Photograph of the mound with the entrance to Gop Cave in the foreground
Archaeological sites in Flintshire
Scheduled monuments in Flintshire
Mountains and hills of Flintshire
Prehistoric sites in Wales
Mounds
Geoffrey Allan Boxshall FRS (born 13 June 1950) is a British zoologist, and Merit researcher at the Natural History Museum, working primarily on copepods.
Early life
Son of Jack Boxshall a Canadian bank manager and Sybil Boxshall (née Baker), a civil servant in the procurement department of the Ministry of Defence. They were educated at Churcher's College, Petersfield from 1961 to 1968. They were Vice Captain of College 1967–1968 and Captain of the Hockey XI 1968. They played rugby (open-side flanker) for Hampshire County in both the 1966–1967 and 1967–1968 seasons.
Career
Field
Boxshall is a whole organism biologist with a particular interest in copepod crustaceans. These are ubiquitous in aquatic systems but all radiated from a hyperbenthic origin in shallow marine waters. Multiple lineages of copepods colonised the open pelagic, fresh and subterranean waters, and colonised almost all other metazoan phyla as hosts as they adopted parasitism as a mode of life. The overarching aim of their research is to identify and understand the drivers generating the patterns of copepod biodiversity on the largest scales. Their current focus is primarily on parasites: the repeated evolution of parasitism in copepods provides opportunities to examine the usage of different host taxa and to explore speciation patterns around major host colonisation or host switching events.
Academic achievements
They earned a First Class BSc in Zoology in 1971, and PhD in 1974, from the University of Leeds.
Awards
In 1994 they became a Fellow of The Royal Society and in 1998, they were awarded the Crustacean Society's Award for Excellence in Research.
Appointments
In 1974 they joined the Natural History Museum's Department of Zoology, and joined Life Sciences in 2014.
Boxshall has been the Secretary of the Zoological Society of London since 2011 and was Vice-President of the Linnean Society Council from 2012–2013.
Works
Rony Huys, Geoffrey Allan Boxshall, Copepod evolution, Ray Society, 1991,
Geoffrey Allan Boxshall, Sheila H. Halsey, An introduction to copepod diversity, Volume 2, Ray Society, 2004,
References
External links
Publications by Boxshall at World Register of Marine Species
British carcinologists
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
People educated at Churcher's College
1950 births
British parasitologists
Tyson Langelaar (born 17 February 1999) is a Canadian long track speed skater who specializes in the 1000m and 1500m distances.
Career
In February 2017 Langelaar won the bronze medal at the 2017 World Junior Speed Skating Championships in Helsinki, Finland. At the 2018 World Junior Speed Skating Championships in Utah, United states they finished second overall behind Allan Dahl Johansson.
In 2019 they turned professional. Langelaar finished fifth in the 1500m race at the 2019–20 ISU World Cup No. 2 in Tomaszów Mazowiecki.
Personal records
References
External links
ISU profile
Speed Skating Canada profile
SpeedSkatingNews profile
1999 births
Living people
Canadian male speed skaters
Speed skaters from Winnipeg
Speed skaters at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Canada
The Slovakia men's national under-16 basketball team is a national basketball team of Slovakia, administered by the Slovak Basketball Association. The team competes at the FIBA U16 European Championship in Division B.
FIBA U16 European Championship participations
See also
Slovakia men's national basketball team
Slovakia men's national under-18 basketball team
Slovakia women's national under-16 basketball team
References
External links
Official website
Archived records of Slovakia team participations
Basketball in Slovakia
U
Men's national under-16 basketball teams
On May 5, 1983, a Lockheed L-1011 TriStar, registration N334EA, operating as Eastern Air Lines Flight 855 en route from Miami International Airport to Nassau International Airport, experienced the loss of all three engines near Miami, Florida. The flight crew succeeded in restarting one engine in time to safely land the aircraft at Miami International Airport.
Aircraft
The incident aircraft was a Lockheed L-1011 TriStar 1, registration N334EA, msn 1141. The aircraft had been manufactured in 1976. It was powered by three Rolls-Royce RB211-22B turbofan engines.
Background
On May 4, N334EA had flown into Miami where it underwent overnight maintenance, which included a check of the magnetic chip detectors inside the jet engines. This involved removing the master chip detector from each engine and replacing it with a new one. Each chip detector had two O-rings, which served as oil seals. The replacement chip detectors were not fitted with O-rings, a fact which was not noticed by the mechanic who fitted them. After the chip detectors were fitted, each engine was motored for 10 seconds to check for oil leaks. None were found. The aircraft was signed off as serviceable and returned to service.
Incident
Eastern Air Lines Flight 855 took off from Miami International Airport at 08:56 on a flight to Nassau International Airport in the Bahamas carrying 162 passengers and 10 crew. On board was a veteran flight crew, consisting of Captain Richard Boddy (58), Captain Steve Thompson (48) and Flight Engineer Dudley Barnes (44). Captain Boddy had more than 12,000 hours of total flying experience, although they were new to the L-1011, having logged just 13 hours in the aircraft type. On this flight, Captain Thompson served as a supervisory check airman. They had accrued close to 17,000 flight hours throughout their career, with 282 hours in the L-1011. Flight Engineer Barnes had more than 9,000 hours of total flying time, with 2,666 hours clocked in the L-1011 cockpit.
At 09:15, while descending through 15,000 feet (4,572 m), the low oil pressure indicator on the TriStar's number 2 engine illuminated. The flight engineer noted that the oil pressure on the #2 engine was fluctuating between 15 and 25 psi; the minimum pressure required for normal engine operation was 30 psi. The captain ordered the flight engineer to shut down the engine.
By this time, the plane was about 50 miles (80 km) from Nassau. The crew elected to return to Miami to land. Flight 855 received a clearance back to Miami, as well as instructions to begin a climb to FL200 (20,000 ft, 6,096 m nominal altitude).
En route back to Miami, low oil pressure lights for engines #1 and #3 illuminated, and the oil quantity gauges for all three engines read zero. At 09:23, Flight 855 informed Miami ARTCC of the engine gauge readings but stated, "We believe it to be faulty indications since the chance of all three engines having zero oil pressure and zero quantity is almost nil." At 09:28, at an altitude of 16,000 feet (4,877 m), the #3 engine failed. Five minutes later, the #1 engine flamed out while the crew was attempting to restart the #2 engine. Cabin lights went off and flight deck instruments stopped working. The aircraft descended without power from about 13,000 feet (3,962 m) to about 4,000 feet (1,219 m), at a rate of descent of approximately 1,600 feet (488 m) per minute. The crew successfully restarted the #2 engine on the third attempt and executed a one-engine landing at Miami at 09:46. After the landing the power from #2 engine was insufficient for the aircraft to taxi; a tug had to be used to tow it to the airport terminal, where the occupants disembarked normally. None of the 172 passengers and crew aboard were injured in the incident.
Cause
The National Transportation Safety Board determined that the probable cause of the incident was as follows:
It was subsequently established that the engines needed to be run for at least 30 seconds with no O-rings fitted before an oil leak would become apparent.
Awards
Barnes, Boddy and Thompson were each presented with an Award for Outstanding Airmanship by the Airline Pilots Association.
References
Sources
External links
Airliners.net Photos of Eastern Air Lines Lockheed L-1011-385-1 TriStar aircraft
National Transportation Safety Board
Final report
Text version of final report – Prepared for World Wide Web usage by Hiroshi Sogame (十亀 洋 Sogame Hiroshi), a member of the Safety Promotion Committee (総合安全推進 Sōgō Anzen Suishin) of All Nippon Airways. (Archive)
Aviation accidents and incidents in the United States in 1983
1983 in Florida
855
Accidents and incidents involving the Lockheed L-1011
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by engine failure
Airliner accidents and incidents in Florida
May 1983 events in the United States
The SLT 50 is a heavy-duty tractor unit and tank transporter used by the German Army and Polish Army.
History
To replace the first generation tank transporter then in use, as well as to be able to haul the armoured vehicles then in service (among them the Leopard 1 Main Battle Tank), the German Army asked Faun GmbH to develop a new all-terrain heavy tractor, and in parallel Krupp was asked to develop the tank transport semi-trailer.
The result was the SLT 50-2 tractor and the 52-ton SaAnh semi-trailer. The combination was first tested in 1971. The first production combination was delivered in April 1976. Some 324 were built up to 1979, in one series, by Faun (tractor) and Kässbohrer (trailer, under Krupp license).
To be able to cope with the newest versions of the Leopard 2 MBT, the vehicles were upgraded from 1994 to the standard SLT 50-3. This modernisation program was completed in 2000, and it is expected that the vehicles will be able to operate until 2015.
Operators
-
- since 2002 after buying Leopard 2A4 MBTs.
-
-
Specification
SLT 50-2 tractor
8x8 tractor.
length: 8.83 m
width: 3.07 m
height: 3.3 m
weight: 22,800 kg
Engine: Deutz MWM diesel TBD 234 V12. Power: 734 bhp at 2100 rpm.
Transmission: 4-speed ZF W500-10 4PW 200 H2
speed: 65 km/h on road, level ground.
Range: 600 km
52-ton SaAnh (Sattelhänger)
52-ton semi-trailer.
length: 13.1 / 7.8 m (total / loading platform)
width: 3.15 / 3.15 m (total / loading platform)
height: n/a
weight: 16,200 kg (unladen)
Max.load: 52,000 kg
References
External links
Walkaround with pictures on the German website panzer-modell.de
See also
Scammell Pioneer Semi-trailer
SLT 56 Franziska
Tank transporters
Military trucks of Germany
Military vehicles introduced in the 1970s
Off-road vehicles
Sugarmont is a streetcar stop in the Sugar House neighborhood of Salt Lake City, Utah, served by Utah Transit Authority's (UTA) S Line (previously known as the Sugar House Streetcar). The S Line provides service from Sugar House to the city of South Salt Lake (where it connects with UTA's TRAX light rail system).
Description
The Sugarmont stop is located at 2215 South 900 East, just east of South 900 East on the north side of Sugarmont Drive. The side platform is located on the north side of the single set of tracks. There is very limited street-side parking possible nearby. The stop began service on December 8, 2013, and is operated by Utah Transit Authority.
References
UTA streetcar stops
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2013
Railway stations in Salt Lake City
2013 establishments in Utah
The Freedom to Display the American Flag Act of 2005 () is an Act of Congress that prohibits condominium associations and real estate management organizations from restricting homeowners from displaying the flag of the United States on their property.
Legislative history
The bill was introduced into the 109th Congress on January 4, 2005. It was sponsored by Roscoe Bartlett and 13 other members of the House of Representatives.
June 27, 2006: The bill was passed in the House of Representatives by voice vote.
July 17, 2006: The bill passed by unanimous consent in the Senate.
July 24, 2006: President George W. Bush signed the bill into law.
See also
Jupiter, Florida#United States flag incident
References
Acts of the 109th United States Congress
Flags of the United States
Craspedoxantha unimaculata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Craspedoxantha of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
South Africa.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1924
Taxa named by Mario Bezzi
Diptera of Africa
The Strangford Apollo is an Ancient Greek sculpture of a nude boy, with the arms and lower legs missing. It dates to around 490 BC, making it one of the latest examples of the kouros type of statue, and is made of Parian marble. The sculpture has been in British Museum's collection since 1864, when the museum acquired it from the collection of Percy Smythe, 8th Viscount Strangford.
Function
The Strangford Apollo may have been a cult statue because it was found on the island Anafi, which harbors the remains of the temple of Apollo.
References
Ancient Greek and Roman sculptures in the British Museum
5th-century BC Greek sculptures
Marble sculptures in the United Kingdom
Archaeological discoveries in Greece
Sculptures of Apollo
Cult images
The Techirghiol TV Tower is a 146-meter high TV tower built of reinforced concrete at Techirghiol, Romania.
Notes
See also
List of towers
External links
Pictures and description in Romanian
Towers in Romania
Transmitter sites in Romania
Irmentraud Ruckser (13 February 1925 – 23 April 2018) was an Austrian gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. They died in Vienna in April 2018 at the age of 93.
References
1925 births
2018 deaths
Austrian female artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Austria
Monkonosaurus (meaning "Monkon lizard") is a dubious genus of herbivorous stegosaurian dinosaur from the Late Jurassic/Early Cretaceous-aged Loe-ein Formation of Tibet (or the Early Cretaceous Lura Formation of China). Some sources place it as alive during the Oxfordian - Albian stages, around 163 - 100 million years ago, although Monkonosaurus was probably only alive during the Late Jurassic (163 – 152.1 ± 0.9 million years ago), making it among the earliest known stegosaurs along with Chungkingosaurus and Bashanosaurus.
Discovery and naming
The genus was formalized by Zhao Xijin in 1986. The generic name refers to Markam County, also known as Monko. Zhao at the time gave neither a description, meaning the name remained a nomen nudum, nor a specific name. The latter was provided in 1986 when the type species Monkonosaurus lawulacus was named, the epithet referring to the Lawushan, the Lawu mountains. The first description was provided in 1990 by Dong Zhiming.
The holotype, IVPP V 6975, was found in a layer of the Loe-ein Formation dating probably from the Late Jurassic, or from the Early Cretaceous Lura Formation. It consists of a partial skeleton lacking the skull. It contains a pelvis with sacrum, two vertebrae and three backplates. The fragmentary condition of this single skeleton places doubt on the validity of this genus, with some studies concluding it is a nomen dubium.
Description
Monkonosaurus was about long when fully grown. The ilium has a length of 905 millimetres. The sacrum consists of five sacral vertebrae.
Classification
Zhao (1983) placed Monkonosaurus in the Oligosacralosauroidea. Later researchers considered it an indeterminate member of the Stegosauridae.
See also
Timeline of stegosaur research
References
Stegosaurs
Late Jurassic dinosaurs of Asia
Fossil taxa described in 1986
Taxa named by Zhao Xijin
Paleontology in Tibet
Early Cretaceous dinosaurs of Asia
Ornithischian genera
James Playfair (8 July 1860 – 25 May 1937) was noted for their entrepreneurship in the Great Lakes shipping, lumbering, grain handling, and industrial manufacturing businesses. They were a central figure in the establishment of Midland, Ontario, Canada. The son of John Speirs Playfair (26 June 1826, Glasgow – 2 June 1913, Toronto) and Georgina Hall of Montreal, in 1889 Playfair married Sarah Charlotte Ogilvie (1858-1945), the youngest daughter of Senator A.W. Ogilvie of Montreal, former president of Ogilvie Flour Mills.
Lumbering
At the age of 19, James Playfair was hired by the Toronto Lumber Company which had timber holdings in Simcoe County and mills at Collingwood. The lumbering firm of James Playfair & Company was started in 1884. Playfair's first mill was located at Sturgeon Bay, (between Waubaushene and Victoria Harbour). In 1894 they formed a lumber partnership with Douglas Leyland White, Jr. and together they purchased the mill formerly known as the Miscampbell mill, at Midland. D. L. White Jr. of Saginaw, Michigan, was the former treasurer of the Emery Lumber Co. of Saginaw and East Tawas, MI. incorporated in 1885. They were involved in the export of logs from the Sudbury region, to supply their Michigan mills. When the export duty on logs was increased in 1886, the vice president of the Emery Lumber Co. R. A. Loveland arranged to have that firm's Georgian Bay logs manufactured into lumber at Miscampbell's mill. By the 1890s Andrew Miscampbell desired to devote more of their time to politics. They sold their mill to the Emery Lumber Co. in 1891, but with the reduction of the duty on logs exported to the United States, operations of the Midland mill were abandoned and Emery's lumber production was resumed on the American side. D. L. White Jr. continued their involvement with the Saginaw Lumber And Salt Company (incorporated in 1881), with the same officers as the Emery Lumber Co. With their acquisition of the former Emery Lumber Co. mill, James Playfair and D. L. White formed the Playfair-White Company. They contracted to supply the lumber requirements of Saginaw lumberman Arthur Hill, with logs from timber limits the French and Spanish rivers. The mill operated at full capacity until 1916, when the Midland Shipbuilding Company was established on the same site.
Shipping Interests
In 1895, Playfair purchased from Burton Bros., of Collingwood, the tug METAMORA, three barges and a large quantity of boom logs, which they planned to use in connection with the lumbering business. In partnership with John Waldie and Capt. W. H. Featherstonhaugh, Playfair purchased an 11 year old steamer, the W. B. HALL in 1896. The ship was lengthened at the Polson Shipyard at Owen Sound, renamed ST. ANDREW, and placed in the grain trade between Fort William and Goderich. The tug, METAMORA and barge ST. ANDREW, were operated by Playfair's Barge And Tug Line. The ST. ANDREW served Playfair for five seasons but, on September 20, 1900, they stranded on an island on Lake Superior and became a total loss. The METAMORA along with other ships MAGNOLIA, RELIANCE and TRAVELER became part of the Midland Towing And Wrecking Co. Ltd. The METAMORA struck a shoal at Shawanaga Bay, near Parry Sound in 1907. It subsequently caught fire and was completely destroyed.
Playfair incorporated the Midland Navigation Company, in 1901. The Steel bulk carrier MIDLAND QUEEN was built in 1901 at Dundee, Scotland. A second vessel, the MIDLAND KING, was a steel bulk carrier built 1903 at Collingwood by Collingwood Shipbuilding Co. Ltd. The steel bulk carrier MIDLAND PRINCE, was built 1906-07 by Collingwood Shipbuilding Co. EMPRESS OF MIDLAND built in 1907 and the EMPRESS OF FORT WILLIAM built 1908, were steel bulk carriers, both built at Wallsend-on-Tyne by Swan Hunter & Wigham Richardson Ltd. the latter two vessels built for the Midland Navigation Co., but soon became part of the Empress Navigation Co. of Midland.
In March, 1910, Playfair and Company gained control of the Inland Navigation Company Ltd. from the Mackay brothers, of Hamilton. A plan was devised to merge the company with the Midland Navigation Co. and the Empress Navigation Co. The ships of the Hamilton firm were: NEEPAWAH, WAHCONDAH, ROSEDALE, GLENELLAH, DUNDEE, DUNELM, WINONA, STRATHCONA, DONNACONA, DUNDURN and STADACONA. The new company was incorporated as Inland Lines Ltd.
In mid-January 1911, James Playfair made a bid to purchase the Northern Navigation Co. on behalf of themselves and their associates. The offer to purchase the company was subject to approval by the Grand Trunk Railway, concerning a previous arrangement that its president C. M. Hays had made with the company for the construction of a new steamship of the HAMONIC type. The conditions were met and James Playfair became the new president of Northern Navigation Co. While a merger between the Northern Navigation Co. and Inland Lines Ltd. had been discussed, it was thought that a holding company to control them, was more probable. At that time, there was talk of an even larger merger between the Northern Navigation Co. and the Richelieu And Ontario Navigation Co. In 1911 the Richelieu And Ontario Navigation Co. were allowed to increase their capital stock. At a special meeting of shareholders held on June 26, it was decided to increase the stock from $5,000,0000 to $10,000,000, with the distribution of new shares to be issued by the directors. The shares of the Northern Navigation Co. Ltd. and of the Inland Lines Ltd. were purchased and paid for with fully paid up stock of the R. And O Navigation Co. Five additional directors were added to the reorganized Richelieu And Ontario Navigation Co. James Playfair became the vice president and managing director.
On June 2, 1913, James Playfair was on their way to Port Arthur, for the launching of the NORONIC. They were a passenger on the HAMONIC somewhere on Lake Superior, when the wireless operator received word that James' father, had passed away in Toronto. 87 year old John S. Playfair, came to Canada as an employee of dry goods merchant John McMurrich. For some time John Playfair had managed the firm's Kingston store and may have been involved with shipping on Lake Ontario. They first became involved with A. P. Cockburn's Muskoka Lakes Navigation Co. in 1879 and served as president of that line for more than 25 years. James Playfair transferred to one of the R And O Nav. Co. freighters mid-lake, about 80 miles from Sault Ste. Marie and made their way to Toronto by special train.
A special meeting of the shareholders of Richelieu And Ontario Navigation Co. was held in the company's office in Montreal, on June 19, to ratify an agreement of sale of the company's assets to a new company formed for that purpose. The new company was to be called Canada Transportation Lines Limited. In the early part of December it was announced that Canada Transportation Lines would be renamed Canada Steamship Lines Limited. With the acquisition of Inland Lines Ltd. by Canada Transportation Lines, Playfair relinquished personal control of their ships, although they were still a director of the company. James Playfair retired as managing director early in 1914. At Toronto, Playfair was presented with a solid silver center table piece and rose bowl with the following inscription: "Presented to James Playfair by the officials, staff, captains and engineers of the Inland Lines, Ltd., and Northern Navigation Co., Ltd., as a token of the high esteem in which they are held by one and all." An old English chime clock was also presented to Mrs. Playfair.
A New Beginning
All asupervisorstioned ships of Inland Lines Ltd. were taken over by the R And O Navigation Co. and absorbed into the new Canada Steamship Lines in 1913.
In 1914, Playfair and Company, incorporated the Great Lakes Transportation Company Ltd., to carry on a general navigation business. Two of the first ships operated by this firm were the GLENMAVIS and the GLENFOYLE reported to have been built for Playfair interests at Londonderry, Ireland, Both were owned by James Richardson and Sons, of Kingston Ont. and later operated by Great Lakes Transportation Co. along with the CALGARY built at Newcastle in 1912. Playfair soon began to rebuild their own fleet of steamships, from the Pittsburgh Steamship Co. they purchased the WAWATAM, renamed GLENLIVET and from the Chicago and Duluth Transportation Co., came the MINNEKAHTA and MINNETONKA, renamed GLENLYON and GLENFINNAN. The motor vessel TOILER was also acquired, but soon resold.
The Glen Transportation Co. Ltd. was incorporated in 1920, the purpose of the company was to own and operate canal sized ships on the Great Lakes, St. Lawrence River and coastal waters. The first three ships of this company were the GLENCADAM and the GLENCLOVA, formerly operated by the Great Lakes Transportation Co. and the 259 foot GLENAFTON built at the Port Arthur Shipbuilding Co. in 1921. In 1922 Playfair and their associates bought six ships from the French government. All of which had been requisitioned for service overseas during the Great War and all had been built in 1903 at American cities on the Great Lakes and were originally owned by the Great Lakes And St. Lawrence Transportation Co. of Chicago. The George C. Howe and John Crerar, built at Chicago, became the GLENEALY and the GLENARNOCH. The H. G. Dalton, built at Superior, Wis., became the GLENDOCHART, J. S. Keefe and Robert Wallace, built at Buffalo, became the GLENFARN and the GLENDOWAN, and the S. N. Parent, built in Detroit, became the GLENARM.
In 1926 the 633' foot GLENMOHR, launched at Midland, was the largest bulk carrier on the Great Lakes.
Other Business interests
Playfair was involved in numerous other activities, among them:
Midland Towing And Wrecking Co. Ltd.
Canadian Dredge And Construction Co. incorporated in 1906
Toronto Elevators.
Personal life
The Georgian Bay Cup was won in 1888 by James Playfair as a prize for the inaugural Georgian Bay Cup Regatta. The Playfairs also saved Little Lake Park from being cut down in 1906. James Playfair purchased a residence and donated it to the Town of Midland for St Andrews Hospital, a predecessor of today's Georgian Bay General Hospital. On October 25, 1918, Mr. and Mrs. Playfair celebrated their 29th wedding anniversary, with the launching of the WAR FIEND, the first steel cargo ship built at Midland Shipyards. James Playfair was the vice president and general manager of the Midland Shipbuilding Co. President of Midland Golf And Country Club The site of Presbyterian church camp Glen Mohr near Beaverton was donated by the Playfairs in 1930. The Playfairs donated their residence, Edgehill, overlooking Midland Harbour on Georgian Bay. The residence was the first home of the Huronia museum. Today it is the site of Edgehill Park (formerly known as Huronia Park).
A mural in Midland commemorates Playfair.
The first cargo ship of the season to arrive in Midland is presented with Playfair's top hat.
References
External links
obituary of Mrs Playfair
Huronia Museum archives
Article about Edgehill Park
List of ships built at Playfair's shipyard
Businesspeople from Toronto
People from Old Toronto
Canadian businesspeople in timber
1937 deaths
1860 births
Canadian people of Scottish descent
The white-rumped swallow (Tachycineta leucorrhoa) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae. First described and given its binomial name by French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1817, it was for many years considered a subspecies of the Chilean swallow. The species is monotypic with no known population variations. It has a white streak, or streak above its lores (the region between a bird's eye and nostrils), which can be used to differentiate it from the Chilean swallow. The lores, ear coverts, tail, and wings are black, with white tips on the inner secondaries, tertials, and greater coverts of the wings. The rest of they are a glossy blue. Its underparts and underwing-coverts are white, in addition to the rump, as the name suggests. The sexes are similar, and the juvenile is duller and browner with a dusky breast.
This species usually builds its nest in holes in trees or dead snags or under or in artificial structures like fence posts and the eaves of buildings. The white-rumped swallow is solitary and nests in distributed pairs during the breeding season. The breeding season is from October to December in Brazil and from October to February in neighboring Argentina. Usually, only one brood with four to seven eggs is laid, although a second one will occasionally be laid. The female incubates the eggs over a period usually between 15 and 16 days, with the fledging usually occurring between 21 and 25 days after hatching.
This swallow is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are dry savanna, pastureland, the edge of forests, and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland. It is classified as a least-concern species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Its population is increasing and it may benefit from the increase in availability of artificial nest sites. The shiny cowbird is an occasional brood parasite of the white-rumped swallow.
Taxonomy and etymology
The white-rumped swallow was first formally described as Hirundo leucorrhoa by French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1817 in their Nouveau Dictionnaire d'Histoire Naturelle. Subsequently, it was moved to its current genus, Tachycineta, which was created in 1850 by Jean Cabanis. The binomial name is derived from Ancient Greek. Tachycineta is from takhukinetos, "moving quickly", and the specific leucorrhoa is from leukos, "white", and orrhos, "rump".
The species was formerly considered a subspecies of the Chilean swallow, most likely due to the similarity in morphology and calls. It is occasionally placed in the genus Iridoprocne with the tree swallow, mangrove swallow, white-winged swallow, and Chilean swallow. A study of the mitochondrial DNA of Tachycineta supports the split, although studies do show that the white-rumped swallow forms a superspecies, leucorrhoa, with the Chilean swallow. This species is monotypic, with no known subspecies.
This swallow is named for its white rump but it is also sometimes called the white-browed swallow, due to its white supraloral streak.
Description
The white-rumped swallow measures in length and weighs . It has an average wingspan of . It has a white supraloral streak, a white streak above its eye, and black lores and ear coverts. The lores and ear-coverts have a blue-green gloss. It has black wings, with white tips on its inner secondaries, tertials, and greater wing-coverts. The white tips erode with age. The tail is black and has a shallow fork. The white-rumped swallow also has, as the name implies, a white rump. The rump is not totally white; it has some fine shaft streaks. The rest of the upperparts, in addition to the crown, nape, and forehead, are a glossy blue. These features, when this bird is not breeding, are more greenish-blue. The underparts and underwing-coverts are white. The bill, legs, and feet are black, and the irides are brown. The sexes are alike, and the juvenile can be distinguished by its dusky breast and the fact that it is duller and more brownish.
This swallow is similar to the Chilean swallow but can be differentiated by the Chilean swallow's lack of a supraloral white streak. The Chilean swallow also seems to keep its glossy blue upperparts when not breeding. The white-rumped swallow is, in addition, larger than the Chilean swallow.
The song of the white-rumped swallow is often described as a soft gurgling or a broken warble. It usually sings while flying at dawn. The call is described as a quick and toneless zzt. The alarm note it uses is short and harsh.
Distribution
This swallow is native to Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay. It inhabits open and semi-open country near water, the edge of woodland, and human settlements. It also occurs in dry savannas, degraded former forest, and both subtropical and tropical seasonally flooded grassland. It is additionally known to occur in the pampas of Argentina and Uruguay. During the austral winter, the birds in the southern population usually move to the northern parts of its range. This bird can be found at altitudes ranging from sea level to .
Behaviour
After the breeding season, the white-rumped swallow forms flocks that sometimes consist of hundreds of individuals. These flocks frequently consist of both the white-rumped swallow and other species of swallows.
Breeding
The white-rumped swallow builds nests in holes or crevices in a tree or dead snag. It also builds them in artificial structures like holes in fence posts or under eaves, typically under those of abandoned buildings. This swallow will sometimes reuse favourable nest sites, which has a positive effect on fledgling survival. It occasionally nests in abandoned nests of the firewood-gatherer. The nests themselves are usually made of plant fibres and lined with hair and feathers. This swallow is solitary and, during the breeding season, is scattered in pairs. Pairs can be seen to fight and chase each other at the nest site.
This swallow displays nest prospecting behaviour, visiting potential future nesting sites. Nest prospecting is a behaviour recorded in both breeding and non-breeding individuals, and occurs both after the failure or success of a nest and while the bird is actively nesting. After a nest failure, the average distance an individual travels during a prospecting visit increases dramatically, from about to about . Nest prospecting seems to occur more frequently in individuals with a smaller clutch size. Male visits to other nests could be to care for extra-pair young, although it does not explain female visits. Extra-pair young, or young with parents outside of the breeding pair, account for about 56 percent of all offspring.
The breeding season of the white-rumped swallow is from October to December in Brazil, and from October to February in Argentina. During this period, one brood is usually laid, although it will occasionally lay a second brood. On average, 58 percent of nests will fledge at least one chick.
The clutch is usually four to seven eggs that transition from pinkish-white when laid to pure white. The eggs measure and weigh on average. Clutch size and egg size are noted to usually decrease as the breeding season progresses. Late-season nestlings also weigh less than early-season nestlings. It takes 15 to 16 days for the female to incubate the clutch. About 58 percent of the broods hatch synchronously, although the hatching sometimes lasts over four days. On average, 78 percent of the eggs will hatch. The fledging period is 21 to 25 days, with about 95 percent of the nestlings fledging. The white-rumped swallow, on average, lives for 2.12 years. The male lives slightly longer than the female.
Diet
The white-rumped swallow is an aerial insectivore that usually feeds alone or in small groups, feeding on flies, beetles, flying ants, Orthoptera, and Lepidoptera. It usually feeds close over water, pastures, and open woodland. Occasionally skimming the ground, its flight is fast and direct. It follows humans and other animals, and can usually be seen near humans and animals that are disturbing insects.
Parasites
The shiny cowbird is a brood parasite that occasionally lays its eggs in the nest of white-rumped swallow. After a shiny cowbird fledges, it exhibits behaviour that causes it to be fed more, much to the detriment of white-rumped swallow nestlings. About six percent of nests are affected by this. This swallow has been known to lose nests to the southern house wren, a subspecies of the house wren.
Conservation status
The white-rumped swallow is classified as a least-concern species by the IUCN. This is due to its large range, estimated to be , its increase in population, and its large population. Increase in the availability of artificial nest sites may benefit this bird, and could be a factor in its increasing population. It is described as being fairly common in its range.
References
External links
White-rumped swallow
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
White-rumped swallow
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Haumia-tiketike (or simply Haumia) is the god of all uncultivated vegetative food in Māori mythology.  They are particularly associated with the starchy rhizome of the Pteridium esculentum, which became a major element of the Māori diet in former times. They contrast with Rongo, the god of and all cultivated food plants.
In different tribal and regional variations of the stories involving him, they are often portrayed as the son or grandson of Ranginui.  They are frequently associated with traditions of the world's creation, in which they agreed to and attempted the separation of Rangi from their wife Papa.
creation myth
After Haumia agreed to Rangi and Papa's forced separation in order to allow light and space into the world between them, they were the third child to attempt to push them apart with their arms. Despite Tāne being the one to successfully carry out the task, Haumia's involvement meant they were subjected to the fury of their brother, Tāwhirimātea, god of the winds and storms, who would have killed them if their mother had not hidden them and their brother Rongo-mā-Tāne under their bosom - that is, in the ground.
While they had successfully escaped Tāwhirimātea's stormy wrath, they were later discovered by Tūmatauenga (god of war, here representing humankind) who felt betrayed that they were left to fend against Tāwhirimātea by himself, so when they saw Rongo-mā-Tāne's and Haumia-tiketike's hair and descendants (all represented by leaves) sticking up out of the earth they harvested them with a wooden hoe and devoured them in revenge.
Genealogy
Many of these relatives may not be considered as gods or greater spirits themselves but may instead be as lesser spirits. The translations of their names represent abstract concepts and aspects of nature, not unlike polytheistic deities.
Parentage
Haumia-tiketike is a son of Ranginui and Papatūānuku, according to the tribes of the .
Elsdon Best noted that Haumia-tiketike was not recognised as a son of Ranginui and Papatūānuku by the tribes of the .
In Kāi Tahu (an associated with ) traditions, Haumia-tiketike is a son of Tamanuiaraki ('Great son of heaven'), who is a son of Rakinui and Hekehekeipapa ('Descend at the world').
In the southern Bay of Plenty and parts of the east coast Haumia-tiketike is a son of Tāne Mahuta, who is the son of Ranginui and Papatūānuku. This is an area of origin for most .
Siblings
Rongo-mā-Tāne, god of cultivated foods, particularly kūmara.
Tāne Mahuta, god of forests and birds.
Tangaroa, god of the sea and fish.
Tāwhirimātea, god of storms and violent weather.
Tūmatauenga, god of war, hunting, cooking, fishing, and food cultivation.
Ngāi Tahu
In Kāi Tahu's traditions and likely those of other of , gods typically considered as Haumia-tiketike's brothers such as Rongo-mā-Tāne and Tāne Mahuta are instead their uncles or half-uncles.
Haumia-tiketike being listed first, Tamanuiaraki's other offspring included:
Manuika ('Bird fish')
Manunuiakahoe ('Power/Shelter of the rowers')
Huawaiwai ('Pulpy fruit')
Tahitokuru ('Ancient blow')
Kohurere ('Flying mist')
Teaohiawe ('Gloom day')
Haere ('Go/Proceed')
Uenukupokaia ('Trembling earth, go all around/encircle')
Uenukuhorea ('Trembling earth, bald')
Rakiwhitikina ('Heaven encircled with a belt')
Te Pukitonga ('The fountain/origin at the south')
"and so on to the generation of men now living."
Descendants
Te Mōnehu (fern spores, tomentum) is the child of Haumia-tiketike, its descendants are:
Namu (sandflies) - Namuiria was the first sandfly, killed by Tūmatauenga.
Waeroa (mosquitoes)
Rō (stick insects)
Aruhe (fern root)
God of uncultivated food plants
Bracken
Food-quality rhizomes () were only obtained from the Pteridium esculentum bracken () growing in deep, moderately fertile soils. Bracken became abundant after the arrival of Māori, "mainly a result of burning to create open landscapes for access and ease of travel". Rhizomes were dug in early summer and then dried for use in the winter. Although it was not liked as much as , it was appreciated for its ready availability and the ease with which it could be stored.
The rhizomes were air-dried so that they could be stored and become lighter. When ready for consumption, they were briefly heated and then softened with a (rhizome pounder); the starch could then be sucked from the fibres, or collected to be prepared for a larger feast. Several distinct styles of were developed.
The plants of the bracken genus (Pteridium) contain the known carcinogen ptaquiloside, identified to be responsible for haemorrhagic disease, as well as esophageal cancer, and gastric cancer in humans.
Other plants
A handful of other native plants from across New Zealand that are recorded as traditionally being used for food by Māori include:
Cordyline australis - , the shoots and roots could be cooked and eaten, or used to make a sweet beverage.
Coriaria arborea - , the juices were extracted from the berries and petals, and could be used to sweeten fernroot, or boiled with seaweed to make a black jelly.
Cyathodes juniperina - , edible berries.
Dacrycarpus dacrydioides - , edible berries, and could apparently be used to make beer.
Dacrydium cupressinum - , edible berries.
Gaultheria antipoda - , edible berries.
Leucopogon fasciculatus - , edible berries.
Lobelia angulata - , the leaves were cooked and eaten as greens.
Metrosideros excelsa - , a thin layer of honey was collected from the flowers.
Muehlenbeckia australis - , edible berries.
See also
Haumea, a Hawaiian goddess of fertility and childbirth
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Haumia depicted in , a work by Cliff Whiting
Haumia and Rongo depicted by Adam Williams and Joshua Watene
Interpretation of Haumia in the Scholastic children's book In the Beginning by Peter Gossage
Māori gods
Māori mythology
Nature gods
The 24th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1867 Nova Scotia general election, the 23rd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 24th General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1871 Nova Scotia general election, the 24th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 25th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 2nd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 1960 Nova Scotia general election, the 46th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 47th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 24th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Gabriel Narutowicz, the first president of Poland after regaining independence, was assassinated on 16 December 1922, five days after taking office, aged 57. They were fatally shot by Eligiusz Niewiadomski, an artist and art critic, while visiting an exhibition at Warsaw's Zachęta gallery.
Background
Poland regained independence in 1918 in the aftermath of World War I. Soon afterwards, Gabriel Narutowicz, professor of engineering, became one of the left-wing leaders in the Sejm (Polish parliament). Following the 1921 March Constitution of Poland and the November 1922 Polish legislative election, Narutowicz was elected the first president of Poland in the Polish presidential election, 9 December 1922. Their election was not accepted by the right-wing nationalist endecja faction, which staged a number of protests. Narutowicz's forthcoming murder would be the culmination of an aggressive, right wing and anti-semitic propaganda campaign vilifying him; in the background of street protests they were described, by a hostile press, an atheist, a Freemason and a Jew.
Assassination
Five days after taking office, while attending an art exhibition in the Warsaw's National Gallery of Art "Zachęta", Narutowicz was assassinated during a conversation with a British envoy. The assassin was a painter, Eligiusz Niewiadomski, who fired three shots at the president.
Aftermath
Niewiadomski had connections with the right wing National Democratic Party. During their trial, Niewiadomski stated that they wanted to kill Józef Piłsudski originally, but assassinating their ally, Narutowicz, was "a step in the fight for Polishness and for the nation." Niewiadomski was sentenced to death. Their state execution took place outside the Warsaw Citadel on 31 January. Part of the right-wing camp perceived Niewiadomski as a hero. Nationalistic press and some historians kept portraying Niewiadomski in positive light, writing about their "heroic stand", "sacred convictions, "patriotic duty" and such. Within months, their grave became a right-wing shrine, and "more than three hundred babies baptized in Warsaw were given the uncommon name Eligiusz".
The murder of the first president of the Second Polish Republic and the angry canvassing against them revealed the fragility of democratic mechanisms in Poland at that time.
The murder of Narutowicz served as the inspiration and a main theme for a number of works. They include the 1977 Polish feature film Death of a President (Polish: Śmierć prezydenta), directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz and Wilhelm Sasnal's 2003 painting "Narutowicz".
See also
Polish nationalism
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
20th century in Warsaw
Narutowicz, Gabriel
1922 in politics
Terrorist incidents in Second Polish Republic
December 1922 events
1922 murders in Poland
Serfoji III (, ) also spelt as Sarabhoji III Bhonsle, was an adopted son of the last Maratha ruler of Thanjavur, Shivaji and pretender to the throne of Thanjavur.
When Shivaji II died in 1855, in the absence of a natural male heir, the Thanjavur Maratha kingdom was annexed by the British East India Company as per the Doctrine of Lapse. While Vijaya Mohana Muktamba Bai, Shivaji II's eldest surviving naturally-born daughter was given titular and customary privileges, the government refused to accord the same privileges to Serfoji III.
References
Thanjavur Maratha kingdom
The 53rd Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1981 Nova Scotia general election, the 52nd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 53rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1984 Nova Scotia general election, the 53rd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 54th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 31st general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Girls for the Summer ( or US title: Love on the Riviera) is a 1958 Italian romantic comedy drama film directed by Gianni Franciolini, based on story by Alberto Moravia. The film stars Alberto Sordi, Michèle Morgan, Marcello Mastroianni, Sylva Koscina, Gabriele Ferzetti, Dorian Gray, Franca Marzi, Franco Fabrizi and Jorge Mistral.
It tells the five romantic and funny stories in the Gulf of Tigullio (Liguria, north-western Italy).
Plot
In the Gulf of Tigullio, in a lively summer around the end of the 1950s, various events intertwine, with their respective characters and their most disparate stories. It is here that men and women tormented by the need for money, try to take advantage of situations, at least apparently favorable, to solve their problems, all sharing the same epilogue: failure.
Among these events, that of Aristarco Battistini, a penniless lover and administrator of a famous opera singer, Ada Gallotti, with a far from attractive appearance, unlike the beautiful tourists who animate the life of the Riviera. And it is precisely here that the singer and their boyfriend go to stay to recover from the efforts of the artist's numerous tours.
For Aristarchus, the holiday proceeds in the most total monotony, always and only called to take care of the singer (whose movements are made difficult by their size) and to indulge their whims and needs. The man thus decides to regain their freedom while also securing an economic advantage: the goods of the woman. The lucky occasion that pushes Aristarchus to realize their plan, however, is the meeting, during the holiday, with Jacqueline, a beautiful French tourist and their old flame who on seeing them is fascinated by the belief that they are a rich successful globetrotter.
But doom is lurking and they take the form of Ada's mother. In fact, just at the moment when Aristarchus and their lawyer friend are about to obtain the singer's signature on the deed of sale of their huge estate in Tuscany, the woman's mother telephones her, and imposes a clause on the contract: Aristarchus will be able to dispose of the well only after marrying Ada. Disappointed and resigned, Aristarchus marries Ada and thus says goodbye to their true "dreams of glory".
Meanwhile, in those same places, another story also takes place, that of Walter, an "arranged" tourist guide, Clara and their daughter Lina. The unemployed and indebted Walter undertakes to tail the wealthy lady with polite manners and a thousand attentions, to win their trust and convince them to grant them a loan. Loan that the young man, totally broke, cannot repay. Lina has understood Walter's plan well and confronts them by telling them not to see their mother anymore in order to avoid bitter disappointments.
The provocative but bored Dorina is perpetually looking for male company, recognizing (or pretending to recognize) in beautiful guys, possibly rich, old acquaintances. After an unfortunate fling with a photo novel actor, they end up loving a simple lifeguard, mistaken for a yacht owner.
Another story is that of Sandro, Renata's husband and in serious economic difficulties due to the problems in their business as an entrepreneur. Renata is hosted by Commendatore Ferrari for a holiday in Rapallo. But the attention that the rich tycoon turns to their friend Sandro's wife becomes more and more pressing, until poor Renata understands the truth: that they were used by their husband to make Mr. Ferrari condescending and induce them to help them in their economic activity. The decisive reaction of the woman, determined to avenge their shame, however, will not be long in coming.
Marcello Mazzoni is an inspector who is escorting a French detainee to the border, so that they can be tried for theft in Marseille. Mazzoni is however a particular inspector, with an open and spontaneous character to the point of making them appear often clumsy, who does not particularly like their work and the rigid protocols that characterize it. This leads them to take a liking to and socialize with the woman to the point of falling in love with them and thinking about running away with them However, it will remain only a dream, but there remains the possibility of seeing them again, after a few years, on their release from prison.
Cast
Alberto Sordi - Aristarco Battistini
Michèle Morgan - Micheline
Marcello Mastroianni - Marcello Mazzoni
Sylva Koscina - Renata Morandi
Gabriele Ferzetti - Giulio Ferrari
Dorian Gray - Dorina
Franca Marzi - Clara
Lorella De Luca - Lina
Franco Fabrizi - Sandro Morandi
Ennio Girolami - Walter (as Enio Girolami)
Jorge Mistral - Romualdo (as Jeorge Mistral)
Dany Carrel - Jacqueline
References
External links
1958 films
1950s Italian-language films
1958 romantic comedy films
Films based on works by Alberto Moravia
Films directed by Gianni Franciolini
Films with screenplays by René Barjavel
Italian romantic comedy films
1950s Italian films
"No Problem" is a song by American rapper Chance the Rapper. Released on May 26, 2016 as the second single from their third mixtape Coloring Book, it is a hip hop song that features Lil Wayne and 2 Chainz and was produced by Brasstracks.
Background
The song was first teased on Chance's Snapchat in January 2016. It later premiered as an exclusive in Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio program ahead of Chance's mixtape Coloring Book, which was released the following day.
Critical reception
Rolling Stone named "No Problem" one of the 30 best songs of the first half of 2016, stating: "This streaming-only star sounds like he's giving an ultimatum to the record industry: 'If one more label try to stop me / It's gon' be some dreadhead niggas in your lobby.' But the gospel choir in the background makes it feel more like an ecstatic celebration of their blessings."
"No Problem" was included on several best-of-2016 song rankings. Billboard ranked it at number 13 on their "100 Best Pop Songs of 2016" list, while Pitchfork listed it at number 12 on their 100 best songs of 2016. Later, they ranked it at number 162 on their "200 Best Songs of the 2010s" list. Village Voice, in their annual Pazz & Jop mass critics poll of the year's best in music in 2016, ranked "No Problem" at number 11.
Music video
The song's accompanying music video premiered on May 26, 2016 on Chance's YouTube channel. Directed by Austin Vesely and Chance the Rapper, the video features celebrity appearances from DJ Khaled and Young Thug, among others. By December 2020, the song's official music video has amassed over 150 million views, which makes it Chance's most viewed video on their YouTube channel.
Live performances
Chance performed "No Problem" with Lil Wayne and 2 Chainz on The Ellen Show on September 15, 2016. Ten days later, they performed a solo version at their Magnificent Coloring Day festival on September 25, and also performed an encore remix with Skrillex.
Commercial performance
Debuting at number 86 on the Billboard Hot 100 for the chart dated June 4, 2016, "No Problem" eventually peaked at number 43.
Awards
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
2 Chainz songs
Chance the Rapper songs
Lil Wayne songs
Songs written by Lil Wayne
Songs written by 2 Chainz
Songs written by Chance the Rapper
Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance
Virtù is a concept theorized by Niccolò Machiavelli, centered on the martial spirit and ability of a population or leader, but also encompassing a broader collection of traits necessary for maintenance of the state and "the achievement of great things."
In a secondary development, the same word came to mean an object of art.
Classical and medieval origins
Virtù, an Italian word meaning "virtue" or "power", is derived from the Latin virtus (lit. "manliness"). It describes the qualities desirable for a man, as opposed to vizio (vice). In the Italian language, the term virtù is historically related to the Greek concept of arete, the Latin virtus, and Medieval Catholic virtues, e.g. the Seven virtues. Thus Machiavelli's use of the term is linked to the concept of virtue ethics.
Aristotle had early raised the question "whether we ought to regard the virtue of a good man and that of a sound citizen as the same virtue"; Thomas Aquinas had continued to stress that sometimes "someone is a good citizen who has not the quality...[of] a good man".
Machiavelli suggests a different set of virtues than Aristotle and Thomas Aquinas, apparently with less focus on beneficence and concord, and with more focus on courage. According to Machiavelli, virtù includes pride, bravery, skill, forcefulness, and an amount of ruthlessness coupled with the willingness to do evil when necessary.
Florentines
Florentine republicans at the turn of the 16th Century like Francesco Guicciardini rediscovered the classical concept of the virtue of the active citizen, and looked to it for an answer to the problems of preserving their city-state's independence.
Machiavelli extended the study of classical virtue in the sense of skill, valor and leadership, to encompass the individual prince or war-leader as well.
Virtù, for Machiavelli, was not equivalent to moral virtue, but was instead linked to the raison d'État. Indeed, what was good for the prince may be contradictory to that which is morally good in both the classical and Christian sense.
Influence
Both the positive Machiavellian idealisation of the virtues of ancient Roman republicanism, and the negative image of virtù as realpolitik passed into the wider European consciousness over the centuries that followed.
Artistic value
A secondary English meaning developed in the 18th century was a curio or art-object - as being something of value in itself. Thus Horace Walpole could refer to “my books, my virtus and my other follies”.
Following the establishment of the Royal Academy in 1768, one contemporary considered that “the taste for virtu has become universal; persons of all ranks and degrees set up for connoisseurs”.
See also
Hercules at the crossroads
Virtuosos
References
Further reading
Harvey Mansfield, Machiavelli's Virtue (1998)
Machiavellianism
Niccolò Machiavelli
Virtue
Delta is the fourth full-length album by Austrian symphonic power metal band Visions of Atlantis featuring the new vocalist Maxi Nil. It was released on 25 February 2011.
Reception
The reviewers of Jukebox Metal and Sonic Seducer agreed that new singer Maxi Nil did not reach the musical quality of their predecessor. However, the album was called a solid release and was compared to the style of Edenbridge and Epica. The German edition of Metal Hammer marked that the contrast between female voices and male growling that is typical for the genre was rather absent on this album, and wrote that Delta featured straight rock hymns instead. Their reviewer and James Donovan of Jukebox Metal found the style to be remiscent of Kamelot.
Track listing
References
2011 albums
Visions of Atlantis albums
Napalm Records albums
Ambrose Lisle March Phillipps de Lisle (17 March 1809 – 5 March 1878) was a British Roman Catholic convert. They founded Mount St Bernard Abbey, a Trappist abbey in Leicestershire, and worked for the reconversion or reconciliation of Britain to Catholicism.
Early life
Phillipps de Lisle was the son of Charles March-Phillipps of Garendon Hall, Leicestershire, and Harriet Ducarel, daughter of Gerald Gustavus Ducarel of Walford, Somerset. The de Lisle family of Leicestershire were originally the Phillippses from London. The Garendon estate, near Loughborough, was inherited by Thomas March, who adopted the name Phillipps, and married Susan de Lisles. Their son, Charles, adopted the de Lisle crest and arms. Steady accumulation of landed property made them one of the "wealthiest commoners" in England. When Charles March-Phillipps died in 1862, Ambrose took the additional name of Lisle, becoming Ambrose Charles Lisle March Phillipps de Lisle.
They spent their earliest years at their birthplace and was brought up as a member of the Church of England, receiving their first religious instruction from their uncle, William March Phillipps, a High Church clergyman. In 1818, de Lisle was sent to a private school in South Croxton, whence they were removed in 1820 to Maisemore Court School, near Gloucester, kept by the Rev. George Hodson. The Bishop of Gloucester, Henry Ryder, having married Sophia March Phillipps, was their uncle by marriage, and so the boy spent Sundays and holidays at the bishop's palace.
At school, they met for the first time a Roman Catholic, the Abbé Giraud, a French émigré priest. A visit to Paris in 1823 gave them their first acquaintance with Catholic liturgy. The effect on their mind was shown on their return home when they persuaded the Anglican rector to place a crucifix on the communion table, but this first effort to restore the cross to English churches was stopped by the Bishop of Peterborough. De Lisle converted to Catholicism, and immediately left Hodson's school and returned home with their father, who arranged for them to continue their preparation for the university under the private tuition of the Rev. William Wilkinson. They were obliged every Sunday to attend the Anglican church, but did not join in the service.
Phillipps de Lisle was admitted to Trinity College, Cambridge in November 1825, although they did not go into residence there until 16 October 1826. At the university, they found a friend in Kenelm Digby, author of Mores Catholici and The Broadstone of Honour, who was, like himself, a member of a long-established family of the gentry and a recent convert. There was no Roman Catholic chapel then at Cambridge, and every Sunday for two years, the two young Catholics used to ride, fasting, over to St Edmund's College, Ware, a distance of twenty-five miles, for Mass and Communion. It was on one of these visits to St Edmund's, in April 1828, that de Lisle was seized with a serious illness, having broken a blood vessel in their lung. The doctors recommended their father to take them to Italy for the winter, and this necessarily cut short their Cambridge career, so that they had to leave the university without taking their degree. On their return to England in 1829, they became acquainted with the Hon. George Spencer, then an Anglican clergyman, and their conversation was largely instrumental in leading to Spencer's conversion, as the latter admits in their Account of my Conversion — "I passed many hours daily in conversation with Phillipps and was satisfied beyond all expectations with the answers they gave me to the different questions I proposed about the principal tenets and practices of Catholics". The following winter (1830–1831), de Lisle again spent in Italy, on which occasion they met Antonio Rosmini-Serbati, who made a great impression on him.
On 25 July 1833, Phillipps de Lisle married Laura Mary, the eldest daughter of the Hon. Thomas Clifford, son of Hugh, fourth Baron Clifford of Chudleigh, at St James' Roman Catholic Church, Spanish Place, London. Charles March Phillipps gave their son possession of the second family estate, the manor of Grace-Dieu in Leicestershire, which before the Protestant Reformation had been the Augustinian Grace Dieu Priory. Here Ambrose Phillipps built a new manor-house Grace Dieu Manor, 1833–34. In the meantime, they and their wife resided at Leamington, or at Garendon Hall. Writing a few years before their death, they thus summed up the chief aims of their own life: There were three great objects to which I felt after my own conversion as a boy of fifteen specially drawn by internal feeling for the whole space of forty-five years which have since elapsed. The first was to restore to England the primitive monastic contemplative observance, which God enabled me to do in the foundation of the Trappist monastery of Mount St Bernard. The second was the restoration of the primitive ecclesiastical chant, my edition of which is now recommended by the Archbishop of Westminster for the use of churches and chapels. The third was the restoration of the Anglican Church to Catholic Unity.
Catholic revival
According to Purcell, "In that early day no one did more for the Catholic revival in England, almost single-handed, than Phillipps de Lisle".
In the foundation of the Cistercian Mount St Bernard Abbey in Leicestershire, de Lisle received generous support from their friend John, Earl of Shrewsbury, but it was they themselves who conceived the idea, believing it necessary that the ascetic aspect of Catholic life should be presented to the English people. Mount St Bernard Abbey was the first monastery built in England since the Reformation. They gave both land and money, severely depleting their own resources in providing the necessary buildings. This work was begun in 1835 and completed in 1844, while during the same period, they founded missions at Grace-Dieu and Whitwick. Their disappointment was great when they found that the Trappists were prevented by their rule from undertaking active missionary work, because they attached the greatest importance to a supply of zealous missionary priests who would labour in English villages; they said, "I would have them go about and preach everywhere on the foreign plan, in the fields or in the high roads even".
In 1838, they joined their friend Rev. George Spencer in establishing and propagating the Association of Universal Prayer for the Conversion of England. In a continental tour they and Spencer made together, accompanied by Mrs Phillipps and two of their children, in 1844, they passed through Belgium, Germany, and north Italy, meeting many distinguished Catholics and enlisting the sympathy of prelates and clergy in the cause. Nicholas Wiseman was co-operating in Rome, and soon the movement spread widely through the Catholic world. de Lisle was for some time the only Catholic who was in confidential correspondence with the leaders of the Oxford Movement, including John Henry Newman, receiving them at Grace-Dieu. They saw the Movement as a step towards their desire of reconciling the Anglican Church with Rome. As their son stated: National Conversion by means of Corporate Reunion they likened unto the Apostolic practice of fishing with a net "gathering in multitudes of all kinds of fishes". And this they considered to be their own special call from on High, to prepare the way and hasten the time when the Divine Word should again be spoken to Peter, 'Cast your nets into the deep".
Association for the Promotion of the Unity of Christendom
Phillipps de Lisle welcomed the restoration of the English Catholic hierarchy in 1850, and tried to reconcile to it some of the Catholic laypeople who thought it inexpedient. During the debates that ensued throughout the country, they wrote two pamphlets: A Letter to Lord Shrewsbury on the Re-establishment of the Hierarchy and the Present Position of Catholic Affairs, and A Few Words on Lord John Russell's Letter to the Bishop of Durham. The progress of events raised their hopes so high that they regarded the reconciliation of the Anglican Church to the Holy See as imminent, and to hasten its fulfilment, entered on a new crusade of prayer, in which the co-operation of non-Catholics was desired. The Association for Promoting the Unity of Christendom (A.P.U.C.) was founded on 8 September 1857 by fourteen people, including Father Lockhart, Fr. Collins, O. Cist., and de Lisle; the rest were Anglicans, with one exception, a Russo-Greek priest.
The only obligation incumbent on members, who might be Catholics, Anglicans, or Greeks, was to pray to God for the unity of the baptised body. At first, the association progressed rapidly. de Lisle wrote to Lord John Manners (Life, I, 415) saying, "We soon counted among our ranks many Catholic Bishops and Archbishops and Dignitaries of all descriptions from Cardinals downwards; the Patriarch of Constantinople and other great Eastern prelates, the Primate of the Russlart Church. ...I do not think any Anglican Bishops joined us, but a large number of clergy of the second order". They gave the number of members as nine thousand. The formation of this association was, however, regarded with distrust by Dr. (later Cardinal) Manning and other Catholics, who also took exception to de Lisle's treatise On the Future Unity of Christendom. The matter was referred to Rome and was finally settled by a papal rescript addressed Ad omnes episcopos Angliæ, dated 16 September 1864, which condemned the association and directed the bishops to take steps to prevent Catholics from joining it.
This was a great blow to de Lisle, who considered that "the authorities had been deceived by a false relation of facts". They however withdrew their name from the A.P.U.C. "under protest, as an act of submission to the Holy See". The grounds on which the association was condemned was that it subverted the Divine constitution of the Church, inasmuch as its aim rested on the supposition that the true Church consists partly of the Catholic Church in communion with Rome, "partly also of the Photian Schism and the Anglican heresy, to which equally with the Roman Church belong the one Lord, the one faith and one baptism" (Rescript, in Life, I, 388). Their own pamphlet was not censured, but the condemnation of the A.P.U.C. was regarded by them as the death blow of their hopes for the reunion of Christendom during their own lifetime. However, their own belief in it persevered and influenced their views in other Catholic affairs. Thus, they supported the attendance of Catholics at the English universities, and they even approved of the abortive project of a Uniate English Church.
The rest of de Lisle's life passed without special incident, though they continued to take an interest in public affairs as affecting the fortunes of the Church, and in the same connection, they carried on intimate and cordial correspondence with men as different as Newman, William Ewart Gladstone, and Count de Montalembert. They counted among their friends John, Earl of Shrewsbury, Cardinal Wiseman, A. W. N. Pugin, who provided designs for Grace-Dieu, Frederick William Faber, and many other well-known Catholics, and though they differed on many points from Cardinal Manning and Dr. W.G. Ward, they remained on friendly terms with both. They died at Garendon, survived by their wife and eleven of their sixteen children.
Besides the pamphlets that have been mentioned, de Lisle's other published works include Mahometanism in its relation to Prophecy; or an Inquiry into the prophecies concerning Anti-Christ, with some reference to their bearing on the events of the present day (1855). They also translated Dominic Barberi's Lamentations of England (1831); Manzoni's Vindication of Catholic Morality (1836); Montalembert's St Elizabeth of Hungary (1839); Rio's La petite Chouannerie (1842); Maxims and Examples of the Saints (1844); and they compiled: Manual of Devotion for the Confraternity of the Living Rosary (1843); Catholic Christian's Complete Manual (1847); The Little Gradual (1847); Thesaurus animæ Christianæ (1847); Sequentiæ de Festis per Annum (1862).
Notes
External links
Purcell, Edmund Sheridan. Life and Letters of Ambrose Phillipps de Lisle, Macmillan and Co., Ltd., London, 1900
1809 births
1878 deaths
British founders
People from the Borough of Charnwood
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
English Roman Catholics
Liberal Catholicism
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Anglicanism
People from Thringstone
The Heroes Monument (Indonesian: Tugu Pahlawan) is a monument in Surabaya, East Java. It is the main symbol of the city, dedicated to the people who died during the Battle of Surabaya on 10 November 1945. The 10 November Museum is located under the monument.
This monument is 41.15 metres tall and is pillar-shaped. It was built to commemorate the events of 10 November 1945 at the Battle of Surabaya. It is
the venue every 10 November for the commemoration of the events of 1945, when many heroes died in the war of independence.
The groundbreaking was led by Sukarno, the first Indonesian President, accompanied by Surabaya Mayor, Doel Arnowo on 10 November 1951. It was officially opened one year later, also by Sukarno, on 10 November 1952 witnessed by Surabaya Mayor, R. Moestadjab Soemowidigdo.
The 10 November Museum was built to explain the meaning behind the Heroes Monument. The building consists of 2 floors, with exhibitions symbolizing the spirit of the Surabayan people's struggle. There is an auditorium on the first floor. The museum contains reproductions of documentary photographs, and there are dioramas that present eight events that happened around the 10 November 1945 clashes.
Gallery
References
External links
The Heroes Monument
Buildings and structures in Surabaya
Monuments and memorials in Indonesia
Tourist attractions in East Java
Monumental columns in Indonesia
Four Roads Hurling Club are a hurling club from Co. Roscommon. They are the most successful team in the history of the Roscommon Senior Hurling Championship with 34 titles. They also won the Connacht Senior Club Hurling Championship in 1977 due to a walkover from Kiltormer and again 1988 when they defeated Abbeyknockmoy on a scoreline of 3-5 to 1-8. On both occasions of representing Connacht at the All-Ireland semi-final stage, they encountered Wexford opposition. First up was the star-studded Rathnure side of 1978 where they put in an impressive performance before going down by 2-20 to 2-8, and in 1989 they suffered defeat on a scoreline of 2-19 to 0-9 to eventual champions Buffers Alley. Together with emerging twice from Connacht, the club also played in nine other finals. After the Senior Championship finished in 2007, they have played in the Connacht Intermediate Club Hurling Championship making the final 4 times but never won it. In 2015 they won the Roscommon senior hurling title for a record 8th time in a row, bringing them to 33 titles overall.
Achievements
Roscommon Senior Hurling Championship Winners 1905, 1906, 1907, 1945, 1946, 1948, 1950, 1954, 1958, 1962, 1971, 1977, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1991, 1993, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2005, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2019
Connacht Senior Club Hurling Championship Winners 1977, 1988
References
External links
Four Roads Hurling Club
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Roscommon
Hurling clubs in County Roscommon
David Leigh may refer to:
David Leigh (journalist) (born 1946), British journalist and writer
David Leigh (swimmer) (born 1956), British former swimmer
David Leigh (scientist) (born 1963), professor of organic chemistry
See also
David Lee (disambiguation)
Lasse Holmgaard (born 10 April 1981) is a former Danish football player and current manager.
Career
Holmgaard started their playing career at Hvidovre IF i 2001. They then moved on to play for BK Skjold in the Danish 1st Division.
In January 2005 they joined AC Horsens in the Danish Superliga. They played 19 games in one and a half year, and then they moved to Lolland-Falster Alliancen in the Danish 2nd Divisions in order to get more time on the field.
In 2009 they returned to their childhood club NB Bornholm to become player-manager. In 2012 they got the team promoted to the Danish 2nd Divisions for the first time in the club's history. However, the team got relegated to the Denmark Series after only one season.
In 2018 they left NB Bornholm in order to take up the manager role at Boldklubben Frem. They lef the club at the end of the 2018/19 season.
On 5 October 2020 they were named new manager of Brønshøj Boldklub. They left their position on 9 June 2021 after disagreements with the club.
References
External links
Lasse Holmgaard at SuperStats
1981 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Danish Superliga players
Hvidovre IF players
BK Skjold players
AC Horsens players
Danish football managers
Boldklubben Frem managers
Brønshøj BK managers
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from the Capital Region of Denmark
John Edward Ker (born 17 October 1952) is a Scottish former cricketer and administrator.
Ker was born at Kelso in October 1952, where they were educated at Kelso High School before going up to Jordanhill College of Education. A club cricketer for Kelso Cricket Club, Ker made their debut for Scotland in a first-class match against Ireland at Dublin in 1977. They played first-class cricket for Scotland until 1988, with ten of their appearances coming against Ireland; the other two came against the touring New Zealanders in 1978 and the touring Sri Lankans the following year. A bowling all-rounder, Ker scored 189 runs at an average of 21.00 in first-class cricket, with the highest score of 50. With their right-arm medium pace bowling, they took 19 wickets at a bowling average of 25.36, with best figures of 4 for 54. In addition to playing first-class cricket for Scotland, Ker also appeared in List A one-day match for them on 24 occasions between 1980 and 1988 in the Benson & Hedges Cup and the NatWest Trophy. They scored 144 runs in one-day cricket, with the highest score of 31. With the ball, they took 22 wickets at an average of 31.36, with best figures of 3 for 29.
Ker was appointed President of Cricket Scotland in 2012, a role they held until 2013. They have also served as president of Kelso Cricket Club. Outside of cricket, Ker was a schoolteacher, before working in the insurance industry. Their brother is the former cricketer and rugby union international Andrew Ker.
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
People from Kelso, Scottish Borders
People educated at Kelso High School, Scotland
Scottish schoolteachers
Scottish cricketers
Scottish cricket administrators
Walking on Water is a 2002 Australian drama film directed by Tony Ayres. The film explores the grief, tenderness, stupidity and humour that arises from death.
Plot summary
When Gavin is finally buried after dying of AIDS, their close friends Charlie and Anna find themselves at odds regarding the way they died. In the weekend that passes, Gavin's estranged family come to stay, which only adds more tension to the strained household. As Charlie tries to cling to their distant partner Frank, and Anna begins a sexual affair with Gavin's married brother, the pair realize now that Gavin has gone and there is no one to keep them together, or even keep them in line.
Cast
Awards
Walking on Water won five Australian Film Institute awards and the Teddy Award for Best Feature Film at the 2002 Berlin International Film Festival.
Box office
Walking on Water grossed A$350,532 at the box office in Australia.
See also
Cinema of Australia
References
External links
Walking on Water at Oz Movies
2002 films
Australian comedy-drama films
2000s English-language films
Films directed by Tony Ayres
Films set in Sydney
Films shot in Sydney
2002 comedy-drama films
Australian LGBT-related films
2002 LGBT-related films
LGBT-related comedy-drama films
2000s Australian films
William de Rham (born 22 August 1922) is a Swiss former equestrian who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
References
1922 births
Living people
Swiss male equestrians
Olympic equestrians of Switzerland
Equestrians at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Ylli Sallahi (born 6 April 1994) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a left-back and is a free agent. They most recently played for Karlsruher SC in the 3. Liga.
Early life
Born in Skenderaj to a Kosovar-Albanian family, Sallahi moved to Austria when they were only eight months old.
Club career
Early career
In their youth they played for local club Kapfenberger SV before being signed by Bayern Munich in 2011. They commented "I want to develop my career in a big club." They were a regular for the youth team, playing 27 matches in the first season for the U19 team.
On 5 April 2014, Sallahi made their Bundesliga debut, starting away to FC Augsburg, after head coach Pep Guardiola decided to rest some of the players of the first team for the UEFA Champions League quarter-final against Manchester United. They were substituted after 51 minutes for David Alaba as Bayern, who were already league champions, lost 1–0.
Karlsruher SC
On 19 December 2014, effective 1 January 2015, Sallahi signed a contract with Karlsruher SC which runs to June 2018. They left the club after the 2016–17 season.
In late August 2017 Sallahi started a trial with TSV 1860 Munich but had to end training early after 30 minutes, "probably due to a muscle injury".
International
In January 2014, Sallahi refused to play for Albania, whereas in May of that year they declared they would not play for Austria either, but only for Kosovo. Nevertheless, they made their debut for the Austria U21 team in a 4–2 victory over the Czech U21 on 14 November 2014, and has thus far earned five caps.
Kosovo
On 21 September 2016, Sallahi agreed to play for the Kosovo national team, their country of birth.
Honours
Club
Bayern Munich
Bundesliga: 2013–14
DFB-Pokal: 2013–14
References
External links
Eurosport profile
German career stats - FuPa
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Skenderaj
Association football fullbacks
Austrian footballers
Austria under-21 international footballers
Austria youth international footballers
Kosovan footballers
Austrian people of Kosovan descent
FC Bayern Munich footballers
FC Bayern Munich II players
Karlsruher SC players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Kosovan emigrants to Austria
Austrian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Oliver Maurice Brown (10 October 1908 – 1953), also known as Buster Brown, was an English professional footballer who scored 77 goals from 118 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre forward for Nottingham Forest, Norwich City and Brighton & Hove Albion. They were Brighton's top scorer in the 1933–34 and 1934–35 seasons with, respectively, 15 and 26 goals in all competitions.
Brown was born in Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, and died in London. Their younger brother Ambrose was also a professional footballer who played League football for Chesterfield, Portsmouth and Wrexham.
References
1908 births
1953 deaths
Date of death missing
Sportspeople from Burton upon Trent
English footballers
Association football forwards
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
Norwich City F.C. players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
English Football League players
Burton Town F.C. players
The Cedardale is a residential area in West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It is located near exit 13 of British Columbia Highway 1
External links
Cedardale Centre map
Neighbourhoods in West Vancouver
Péter Kuna (born 27 July 1965) is a Hungarian water polo player. They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
See also
Hungary men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Hungarian male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Budapest
20th-century Hungarian people
21st-century Hungarian people
Thomas Peter Odell (born 24 November 1990) is an English singer-songwriter. They released their debut extended play, Songs from Another Love, in 2012 and won the BRITs Critics' Choice Award in early 2013. Their debut studio album, Long Way Down, was issued on 24 June 2013. Their second studio album, Wrong Crowd, was released on 10 June 2016. In October 2018, their third studio album, Jubilee Road was released.
Early life
Odell was born in Chichester, West Sussex, England, to an airline pilot father and a primary school teacher mother. They have an older sister. They spent part of their childhood in New Zealand because of their father's job. They were educated at Seaford College.
Throughout their school years, Odell wrote songs in a band that had trouble maintaining a lead singer. This trouble inspired them to start singing the songs they wrote, and Odell says they "sang [the songs] how [he] wanted them to sound" rather than worrying about someone else not bringing their vision to life.
At 18, Odell abandoned plans to attend the University of York and attempted to gain a place at a music college in Liverpool. A year later, they moved back to Chichester after being made redundant from their job as a bartender. Using their grandmother's car, they travelled regularly to London to play shows and to put advertisements in music schools. They studied at the British and Irish Modern Music Institute (BIMM) in Brighton playing as part of the band Tom & the Tides before moving to London where they decided to become a solo artist because they "didn't want to have to rely on people".
Career
2012–2013: Career beginnings and Long Way Down
Odell was signed to In the Name Of, an imprint of Columbia Records. They were discovered by the label head Lily Allen, who remarked that "his energy onstage reminded me of David Bowie". They released their debut extended play, Songs from Another Love, in October 2012. They made their television debut in November 2012 as a performer on Later... with Jools Holland; the show's producer Alison Howe later described it as "a classic Later debut". Odell was announced as one of 15 nominees for the BBC Sound of 2013 poll in January 2013. Also that month, their single "Another Love" was used by the BBC to advertise their 2013 schedule. Odell's music has been used in numerous Burberry fashion runway shows. They were named the BRITs' Critics' Choice Award winner, previously won by artists such as Adele and Florence and the Machine and was the first male artist to win the award, and was interviewed alongside previous winner Emeli Sandé during the television ceremony in February 2013.
Odell's debut album, Long Way Down, was released on 24 June 2013 and reached No. 1 in the UK Official Chart. They were due to support The Rolling Stones at London's Hyde Park on 13 July 2013, but was unable to perform because of illness.
2014–2015: Recognition
Odell performed their first new song since the release of Long Way Down, entitled "Alex", on 7 February 2014 at the Plymouth Pavilions. The show kicked off the last leg of their UK Long Way Down Tour.
Odell was named 'songwriter of the year' at the 2014 Ivor Novello Awards ceremony.
Odell's song "Can't Pretend" was used in the TV series The 100. "Can't Pretend" and "Long Way Down" were also featured on The Blacklist and the award winning movie The Fault In Our Stars. Their song "Grow Old With Me" was featured in an episode of Reign. The song was also featured in a major 60 second ad campaigns for Kaiser Permanente entitled "Thrive". Their song "Heal" was also used in the movie If I Stay, the TV series NCIS, The Vampire Diaries and Elementary along with "Another Love".
Odell's next song, a cover of "Real Love" by The Beatles, was the audio track to the 2014 John Lewis Christmas advert and gained them great publicity. Within hours of the advert being aired for the first time, the track reached to the top of the music recognition service Shazam's trending list. Within three days of release, it went straight to 21 in the UK top 40, peaking at 7.
Odell's music was featured in a Sony advert in 2016, with a cover of "True Colours" by Cyndi Lauper.
2016–2017: Wrong Crowd
Odell began working on their second studio album in 2015, and played a variety of new songs at Forest Live, a concert series in England's forests by the Forestry Commission. On 4 April 2016, the first single, "Wrong Crowd", was released, and an upcoming second studio album of the same name was announced. In addition, Odell announced that they would be going on tour in the US and Europe. On 15 April 2016, the second single from the album, "Magnetised", was released. The next day, Odell revealed that their sold-out shows were titled the No Bad Days Tour, which kicked off on 20 April 2016 in London. The full album was released on 10 June 2016. In an interview with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning, Odell revealed that in some countries outside the UK, audiences have misunderstood the title of the album to be an insult, that they are in fact a bad crowd or so to speak the 'wrong crowd'.
2017–2020: Jubilee Road
On their No Bad Days tour, Odell revealed they were writing for their third album and played sesveral new songs live. In November 2017, they toured Germany on the New Fall Festival in Düsseldorf and Stuttgart and announced that the album had been finished and a first single was to be released imminently. On 20 December 2017 Odell announced in an interview on BBC Radio 2 that the album was scheduled for release in mid-2018. On 14 June 2018, the first single from the album, "If You Wanna Love Somebody", was released worldwide. The album, Jubilee Road, was released on 26 October.
Jubilee Road was inspired by their past neighbours and community. The title "Jubilee Road" is supposed to be a reference to a terraced street in east London that Odell lived on, but when they asked their neighbours if they could use the real name, they responded that they were afraid it would become a tourist destination and would rather them create a fictional name.
2021–present: Monsters and Best Day of My Life
"Numb", the first single from Odell's fourth album, was released in February 2021. In an interview with The Gentleman's Journal on 27 February 2021, it was revealed that Odell's fourth studio album is titled Monsters. They stated that the album would feature darker, electro-pop tones, and the lyrics were inspired by artists such as XXXTentacion, Drake and Travis Scott. The second single from the album, "Monster v.1", was released in March 2021. The record touches on heavy subjects and rough experiences they had during a "fever pitch" in their life, particularly struggling with anxiety and panic attacks. The album was released on 9 July 2021.
On 8 September 2022, Odell announced the release of their fifth studio album, Best Day of My Life, scheduled for release on 28 October 2022. The album was preceded by the singles "Best Day of My Life", "Sad Anymore", "Flying" and "Smiling All the Way Back Home".
Influences
Odell grew up listening to Elton John. One of the first albums they listened to was Goodbye Yellow Brick Road (1973). They also cite David Bowie, Jeff Buckley, Bob Dylan, Arthur Russell, Leonard Cohen, Leon Russell, Billy Joel, Randy Newman, Tom Waits, Rodríguez and Bruce Springsteen as influences.  They are a fan of Arcade Fire, Adele, James Blake, Cat Power, Blur, Beach House, Radiohead, Coldplay and Ben Folds.
Odell has said their lyrics are inspired by their "inability to sustain a relationship with someone for longer than six months." They say, "I find that I write much better songs when I'm being honest, and writing about things that happen to me. It can get a little weird though, when friends or girlfriends work out that a song is about them. But it's amazing what you can get away with it. Artistic license, I think they call it."
Personal life
In July 2020, they signed an open letter to the UK Equalities minister Liz Truss calling for a ban on all forms of LGBT+ conversion therapy.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Promotional singles
Other certified songs
Guest appearances
Tours and concerts
Long Way Down Tour (2013)
No Bad Days Tour (2016-2017)
Jubilee Road Tour (2018-2019)
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Chichester
21st-century English singers
21st-century pianists
British male singers
English male singer-songwriters
Brit Award winners
Ivor Novello Award winners
People educated at Seaford College
Male pianists
Brett Taylor Ford (30 December 195921 July 2007) was an Australian rock music drummer and songwriter.
Ford was a founder of noise rockers, Lubricated Goat (1986–89) in Perth. During the 1980s Ford played in many different bands, including the Kryptonics (1986–87) and X (with Ian Rilen of Rose Tattoo). In 1987 Ford and their then-wife, Melanie Greensmith, established a rock couture fashion label, Wheels and Doll Baby.
According to Ford's family, they died in 2007 from Cardiac arrest.
Biography
Brett Ford was born in 1959 and was raised in Melbourne. They were a member of different groups, Exhibit A, Rockafellas and Kansas City Killers. Ford was in Perth when they joined the Kryptonics on drums in mid-1986 alongside Peter Hartley on guitar (ex-Rockafellas, X-Offenders, Lavender Disaster), Ian Underwood on guitar and vocals and Cathy Webb on bass guitar. That line-up released the group's second single, "Land That Time Forgot" (January 1987), and third single, "Cyclops", before breaking up in mid-1987.
In September 1986 their former bandmate from Exhibit A, Stu Spasm (also ex-Zulu Rattle, Salamander Jim, Beasts of Bourbon, James Baker Experience, Death in Vegas, Hot Property), invited Ford and Hartley to record material as Lubricated Goat, while they were still members of Kryptonics. Their five tracks were included with four more that Spasm had recorded with Martin Bland in Adelaide, as the noise rock group's first album, Plays the Devil's Music (July 1987). Ford co-wrote the tracks, "Guttersnipe" and "Nerve Quake", with Hartley and Spasm.
Guy Maddison (ex-Greenhouse Effect) joined on bass guitar and the group released their second album, Paddock of Love (July 1988). Besides drums Ford provided harmonica, backing vocals and song writing. One of the tracks, "In the Raw", co-written by Ford and Spasm, was performed in November 1988 on Australian Broadcasting Corporation's TV series, Blah Blah Blah. The members appeared in the nude while lip-syncing to the track as the episode dealt with censorship.
Ford formed the Punjabbers in Sydney in 1988 with Roddy Radalj on guitar and vocals (ex-Exterminators, the Scientists, Rockets, Le Hoodoo Gurus, Johnnys, Love Rodeo, James Baker Experience, Dubrovniks), Tony Robertson on bass guitar (ex-Hitmen, New Christs, Naked Lunch) and Tony Thewlis on guitar (ex-Scientists). They issued a single, "Rock 'n' Roll Love Letter", on Timberyard Records in December. Radalj left and the group broke up.
In 1990 Ford joined Rattlesnake Shake, a garage rock group. The line-up included Steve Beves on guitar (ex-Melting Skyscrapers, Naked Lunch), Tony Gibson on guitar (ex-ME 262, Decline of the Reptiles), Andy Newman on bass guitar (ex-Trans 262, Howling Commandos) and Peter Patterson on vocals (ex-Melting Skyscrapers, Naked Lunch). They issued a self-titled EP in August on Rattlesnake Records, in March 1991 they changed their name to Dark Carnival and then to Thrill Killers a month later. Ford left soon after.
References
General
Note: Archived [on-line] copy has limited functionality.
Specific
1959 births
2007 deaths
Australian rock drummers
Male drummers
Australian songwriters
Noise rock musicians
Lubricated Goat members
20th-century Australian musicians
20th-century drummers
20th-century Australian male musicians
Harrild may refer to:
Robert Harrild, printing pioneer
Harrild & Sons, British manufacturer of printing machinery and supplies
Columbine is a non-fiction book written by Dave Cullen and published by Twelve (Hachette Book Group) on April 6, 2009. It is an examination of the Columbine High School massacre, on April 20, 1999, and the perpetrators Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold. The book covers two major storylines: the killer's evolution leading up to the attack, and the survivors' struggles with the aftermath over the next decade. Chapters alternate between the two stories. Graphic depictions of parts of the attack are included, in addition to the actual names of friends and family (the only exception being the pseudonym "Harriet", which is used for a female Columbine student referred to in Klebold's journal entries, with whom they were obsessively in love).
Cullen says they spent ten years researching and writing the book. They previously contributed to The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Times of London, and The Guardian.  They are best known for their work for Slate and Salon.com. Their Slate story "The Depressive and the Psychopath" five years earlier, offered the first diagnosis of the killers by the team of psychologists and psychiatrists brought into the case by the FBI. Publication was timed to coincide with the tenth anniversary of the massacre, which occurred on April 20, 1999. The book spent eight weeks on The New York Times bestseller list in the spring of 2009, peaking at #3.
The book gained considerable media attention for addressing many of the so-called Columbine myths widely taken for granted. According to the book, the massacre had nothing to do with school bullying, jocks, the Gothic subculture, Marilyn Manson or the Trench Coat Mafia. Cullen also writes that the attack was intended primarily as a bombing rather than a school shooting, and that Harris and Klebold intended to perpetrate the worst terrorist attack in American history. The book garnered glowing reviews from Time, Newsweek, People, The New York Observer and Entertainment Weekly. One of the few dissenting views came from Janet Maslin, who wrote in The New York Times, "What good can a new book on Columbine do? Mr. Cullen's Salon coverage had already refuted some of the worst misconceptions about the story by the fall of 1999... Emerging details mostly corroborate what was already known."
Columbine won a bevy of awards and honors, including the Edgar Allan Poe Award, Barnes & Noble's Discover Award, and the Goodreads Choice Award. It was a finalist for the LA Times Book Prize, the Audie Award and the MPIBA Regional Book Award. Additionally, Columbine was named on two dozen Best of 2009 lists, including The New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Publishers Weekly, iTunes and the American Library Association. It was declared Top Education Book of 2009, and one of the best of the decade by the American School Board Journal.
Development
In a 2015 Vanity Fair essay, the author described the powerful impact their mentor Lucia Berlin had on the creation of the book and on their ability to vividly portray such characters as Klebold and teacher Dave Sanders, describing Berlin as “the guiding force in my work, and my life” even long after their death.
Synopsis
Columbine has two main storylines, told in alternating chapters: the 'before' story of the killers' evolution toward murder, and the 'after' story of the survivors. There are shorter 'during' accounts, describing the attack itself, dispersed throughout the book. Formally composed of 53 chapters divided into five parts, the book also includes a timeline, 26 pages of detailed endnotes, and a fifteen-page bibliography organized into topics.
The 'before' story focuses primarily on the killers' high school years preceding the massacre. According to the experts cited on the book, Eric Harris was a textbook psychopath, and Dylan Klebold was an angry depressive.
The 'after' story is composed of eight major sub-stories, focused on individuals who played a key role in the aftermath of the attack, including Columbine Principal Frank DeAngelis, alleged Christian martyr Cassie Bernall (another myth, according to the book), "the boy in the window", Patrick Ireland, FBI Supervisory Special Agent Dwayne Fuselier, and the families of victim Daniel Rohrbough and teacher Dave Sanders, who died saving students from the gunmen. The Evangelical Christian community's feverish response to the alleged "martyrdom" issue is also chronicled.
Columbine begins four days before the massacre, at a school assembly hosted by Principal DeAngelis just before Prom weekend. Scenes from the massacre are graphically depicted in the early chapters, and later through flashbacks.
Reception
Published by Twelve (Hachette Book Group) on April 6, 2009, Columbine debuted at number seven on the bestseller list for The New York Times in the United States. It peaked at number three, and spent eight weeks on the list.
The book was very well received by critics, and by news media, which focused heavily on the dispelling of numerous Columbine myths, and also the extensive portrayal of the minds of the two killers. In The New York Observer, Stephen Amidon described Columbine as a "gripping study... To their credit, Mr. Cullen does not simply tear down Columbine's legends. They also convincingly explains what really sparked the murderous rage... disquieting... beautifully written."
Several critics compared the book to In Cold Blood, including former Publishers Weekly Editor-In-Chief Sara Nelson, who reviewed it for The Daily Beast and called it "a riveting read, on a par with the greatest crime analysis from In Cold Blood or The Stranger Beside Me." A debate sprang up on the issue, with some critics concurring, and others arguing that Cullen's artistry fell short of Truman Capote's.
Jennifer Senior, in The New York Times Book Review, resisted the Capote comparison, but offered high praise. They observed that: "Had Dave Cullen capitulated to cliché while writing ‘Columbine', they would have started their tale 48 hours before Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold's notorious killing spree, stopped the frame just before they fired their guns, and then spooled back to the very beginning, with the promise of trying to explain how the two boys got to this twisted pass. But they don't. As Cullen eventually writes, ‘there had been no trigger' — at least none that would be satisfying to horrified outsiders, grieving parents or anyone in between. Eric Harris was a psychopath, simple as that. Dylan Klebold was a suicidally depressed kid who yoked their fate to a sadist. Instead, what intrigues the author are perceptions and misperceptions: how difficult a shooting spree is to untangle; how readily mass tragedies lend themselves to misinformation and mythologizing; how psychopaths can excel at the big con... Yet what's amazing is how much of Cullen's book still comes as a surprise. I expected a story about misfits exacting vengeance, because that was my memory of the media consensus — Columbine, right, wasn't there something going on there between goths and jocks? In fact, Harris and Klebold were killing completely at random that day. Their victims weren't the intended targets at all; the entire school was."
Janet Maslin published one of the book's few negative reviews. In the daily issue of The New York Times, Maslin wrote: "And now that books as commercially ambitious as Columbine are marketed like movies, an online video advertisement for the book touts its '10 years in the making', calling it 'the definitive story of an American tragedy'. For the same YouTube trailer, Cullen allowed themselves to be filmed sitting at their desk amid potted houseplants, scrolling solemnly through a computer-screen copy of one of the killers' hate-filled journals."
Maslin wrote, "But Mr. Cullen has not written this book solely to dissect the events of Columbine. They also invite their readers to relive them. So they replay the planning and execution of the killings for maximum dramatic impact, trying to get right inside the killers' heads."
Newsweek essays by Ramin Satoodeh stated: "In the decade since Columbine, there have been countless efforts to make sense of that day: memoirs, books, movies, even a play opening in Los Angeles in April. The definitive account, however, will likely be Dave Cullen's Columbine, a nonfiction book that has the pacing of an action movie and the complexity of a Shakespearean drama... Cullen has a gift, if that's the right word, for excruciating detail. At times the language is so vivid you can almost smell the gunpowder and the fear... The Columbine killers were a strange and deeply disturbed pair, right out of a Truman Capote book. We've heard plenty of the details about Klebold and Harris—their fixation with the Nazis, their lust for violence, the homemade tapes in which they laid out their grand scheme for us to watch later—but Cullen, despite all odds, manages to humanize them... Cullen also debunks some of the biggest fallacies."
Awards
Columbine has won the following awards.
Edgar Award: Best Fact Crime Book 2009
Barnes and Noble Discover Award: Best Nonfiction Book 2009
Goodreads Choice Award: Best Nonfiction Book 2009
American School Board Association: Best Education Book of 2009
The Truth About The Fact Award
Columbine was a finalist for the following awards.
The Los Angeles Times Book Prize
The American Library Association Alex Award
The Audie Award
Abraham Lincoln High School Book Award (Winner to be announced in spring 2012.)
The Mountains and Plains Independent Booksellers Association Award
Columbine was named on many Best of 2009 lists, including these.
New York Times Book Review: 100 Notable Books of 2009
Los Angeles Times: 25 Favorite Nonfiction Books of 2009
LA Times Editor David Ulin's Top Six Nonfiction
Entertainment Weekly: Best Books of 2009: #4 in Nonfiction
American School Board Journal: #1 Education Book for 2009
Publishers Weekly Best 100 Books for 2009
iTunes: #1 Best Nonfiction Audiobook of 2009
Salon.com: 5 Best Nonfiction Books of 2009
GoodReads Choice Awards: Winner Best Nonfiction of 2009
Chicago Tribune: Favorite Nonfiction Books of 2009
Miami Herald: 12 Reviewers' Choices for Most Intriguing Books of 2009
Borders: 10 Best of 2009: Nonfiction
Amazon Editors' Picks: 5 Best Current Events Books of 2009
Amazon Top 100 Customer Favorites of 2009
Bookmarks: Best Books of 2009
Mother Jones: Top Books of 2009
Washington Post Express: 2009 Express Staff Picks
New Haven Register: 10 recommended nonfiction for 2009
New London Connecticut's The Day: Best of '09
New West: Best Books in the West 2009
Paperback edition: New disclosures from the killers' parents
The Columbine paperback edition (released in 2010) reveals details of four secret meetings involving all four parents of the killers. This unforeseen development provided the first real public insight into the mindsets of Wayne and Kathy Harris. The awkward encounters play out in the new "Afterword" added to the paperback. Further descriptions of the meetings with Wayne and Kathy Harris appear in The Daily Beast feature, "The Last Columbine Mystery," by the same author, published at the time of the paperback release.
The Afterword also includes updates about two bereaved parents and one wounded survivor of the Columbine shootings, and their starkly different perspectives on "forgiveness". The three individuals in question are Linda Mauser (mother of victim Daniel Mauser), Bob Curnow (father of victim Steven Curnow) and Valeen Schnurr, respectively.
The expanded paperback edition of 2010 also adds scans from the killers' numerous journals, a diagram of the attack, and book club questions.
Use in schools
Columbine has been widely adopted as a textbook in high school English and Social Studies classes, as well as college journalism classes. The author created a free Columbine Teacher's Guide, as well as classroom videos and related material which have been widely downloaded from the internet. The guide includes units on teen depression, P.T.S.D. and overcoming adversity.
Several educational associations singled out the book for students and teachers. The American School Board Journal chose it as the "Top Education Book for 2009". It also called it "one of the best education books of the past 10 years." The American Library Association selected Columbine as a finalist for its "Alex Award for Young Adult Readers." In 2011, the Illinois School Library Media Association nominated Columbine for its "Abraham Lincoln Award: Illinois' High School Readers' Choice Award", which was open to student voting through February 2012.
Film and theater adaptation
The book has been under development for television with Killer Films, Lifetime and NBC Universal.
The theatrical rights to the book were briefly acquired after the book's publication, by Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall. The producers instead chose to adapt the book into a one-act play entitled The Library. The play was written by screenwriter Scott Z. Burns and directed by Steven Soderbergh. The original ensemble cast included Chloë Grace Moretz, Lili Taylor and Michael O'Keefe.
Translation
The book has been translated into Japanese, Korean, Portuguese and Russian, with translations underway in simple Chinese characters and Polish.
See also
Columbine High School
A Mother's Reckoning – 2016 memoir by Sue Klebold, mother of perpetrator Dylan Klebold
References
Reviews
Review at Letters on Pages
Links to most major reviews at author's site
External links
Official Columbine website
Columbine shooting introduction video – book trailer
Columbine Teacher's Guide
Haunted By Columbine a documentary short by Retro Report featuring Dave Cullen.
The Columbine Guide – Free online companion to the book, for research
Columbine Student Guide – The author's site for students doing papers or projects on the topic
Non-fiction books about murders in the United States
2009 non-fiction books
History books about the United States
Books adapted into plays
Works about the Columbine High School massacre
Gun violence in popular culture
Twelve (publisher) books
"I Want to Hold Your Hand" is a song by the Beatles.
I Want to Hold Your Hand may also refer to:
I Wanna Hold Your Hand (film), a 1978 film
I Want to Hold Your Hand (album), an album by Grant Green
It's a Mystery is a networked Children's ITV programme which ran for five series from 12 September 1996 to 9 May 2002. It was produced by The Media Merchants Television Company Ltd for Meridian Broadcasting Ltd. In Series five, the show was retitled as Mystery and featured different presenters. It was a magazine show featuring unusual stories including about UFOs, ghosts and other difficult to explain happenings, some of which were solved while others remained unexplained.
It had three presenters for the first four series the best known was probably Neil Buchanan who presented regular arts show Art Attack between 1990 and 2007, Sophie Aldred did the first series only and Gail Porter (1997–1999) from magazine show How 2 along with Tristan Bancks, they were replaced in 2000 by Ben Jones and Shelley Blond. Steve Wilson and Shiarra Juthan presented the 2002 last series
Format
It was a programme that educated children by challenging them to solve a mystery. Usually this would involve people telling stories of mysterious occurrences that have happened to them, such as a Man in a Van driving up to a roundabout and seeing their exact duplicate across the roundabout, driving the same vehicle. Other times, the presenter would show unexplained phenomena such as ghosts in the Tower of London or the Loch Ness Monster. The presenter would then offer up possible explanations as to what might have been behind the mystery or if there is even an explanation to give. After each story, it would be given a solved or unsolved designation. At the end of each episode, a riddle would be asked for the audience to solve until the next episode (where the answer would be given).
Forty-four episodes were made, and the series regularly made the Children's Top Ten.
Presenters
The programme was originally presented by Neil Buchanan and Sophie Aldred (Series One); Neil Buchanan, Gail Porter, and Tristan Bancks (Series Two and Three); Neil Buchanan, Ben Jones and Shelley Blond (Series Four); Steve Wilson and Shiarra Juthan (Series Five).
The series used many actors over the years. These included; Jo-Anne Good (Crossroads, BBC London 94.9), Russell Hookey (Channel Report, Lookaround, ITV News Anglia, ITN News), Barry Rose (Crossroads), Mike Dyer-Ball (Casualty), and Hal Dyer (Rentaghost, On the Buses, George and Mildred).
Transmission guide
Series 1: 10 editions from 12 September 1996 – 13 November 1996
Series 2: 7 editions from 3 September 1997 – 15 October 1997
Series 3: 10 editions from 4 January 1999 – 8 March 1999
Series 4: 7 editions from 3 April 2000 – 5 June 2000
Series 5: 10 editions from 9 April 2002 – 9 May 2002
References
External links
1996 British television series debuts
2002 British television series endings
1990s British children's television series
2000s British children's television series
ITV children's television shows
English-language television shows
Television shows produced by Meridian Broadcasting
Television series by ITV Studios
Television series by Mattel Creations
1990s British mystery television series
2000s British mystery television series
Aisultan Rakhatuly Nazarbayev (, Aisūltan Rahatūly Nazarbaev; 26 August 1990 – 16 August 2020) was a Kazakh football player, business person, grandson of the former President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev and a son of the Kazakh politician Dariga Nazarbayeva.
Biography
Early life and education
Aisultan was born in 1990 in then Kazakh SSR. Their father Rakhat Aliyev (1962–2015) was a business person, politician, and diplomat. Their mother Dariga Nazarbayeva (born 1964) is the eldest daughter of Nursultan Nazarbayev.
They studied at the International College of Continuing Education in Astana and the American International School in Salzburg. In 2010, Aisultan graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and then from KIMEP University with a degree in business administration.
Football career
Aisultan started playing football at the FC Admira Wacker Mödling during their father's service as ambassador to Austria. In 2006, they played two matches in the first league of Kazakhstan for the FC Rahat football club, in 2007 they were a member of FC Kairat and took part in the qualifying tournament for the 2006 European Youth Football Championship. Aisultan spent two or three months at the Chelsea F.C. They played a season until 2007 in the youth team of Portsmouth F.C., and became the bronze medalist of the English Championship. In 2011, Aisultan played for FC Astana. On 21 October 2012, they played the only match in the championship of Kazakhstan in the home game for the FC Sunkar against FC Aktobe and came out in the middle of the second half.
From February to October 2017, Aisultan served as vice president of the Football Federation of Kazakhstan for relations with international organizations FIFA, UEFA, and national associations.
They were awarded the British Valor Award for their participation in operations equivalent to combat.
Illegal activities
Aisultan was treated in a clinic for drug addicts because of their addiction to cocaine.
In October 2019, they were sentenced to a suspended sentence for an attack on a police officer in London in June 2019 and damage to a stranger's property. The verdict included probation, continued drug addiction treatment, community service and a fine.
Personal life
In August 2013, Aisultan was married to Alima Nazarbayeva. They had a daughter named Ameli (born 2016) and son named Sultan.
On 23 January 2020, Aisultan made a public statement on their Facebook page, claiming that their grandfather Nazarbayev was allegedly their dad and that their life was threatened. They also stated that from 8 July 2019, they had not been able to use any of their social media accounts, because they were kept in custody and that the accounts were under control by their mother Dariga Nazarbayeva and the ex-chairperson of the NSC Alnur Mussayev. In response to those claims, Mussayev on their Facebook page published a document from 2013 that showed the DNA of Aisultan and their father Rakhat Aliyev coinciding to within 99.999784244% accuracy. However, the record itself was not certified by any seal or signature.
Moreover, later right after the death of Aisultan, Mussayev in their interview to «Exclusive Kazakhstan» admitted that they had published a fake DNA test results and that Aliyev is indeed not their biological father, however not specifying exactly who the father is.
On 13 February 2020, Aisultan requested political asylum in the United Kingdom. They explained this decision due to pressure by their family, since they had information "about high-scale corruption between the government of Russia and Kazakhstan". Minister of Information and Social Development Dauren Abaev reported Khabar Agency that "to speculate on the fantasies of an addict just because they are the grandson of the First President, it's not fair. It's unfair and beyond morality. It is time to close this topic." They stated that they did not inherit their father's wealth because their father's wealth was stolen by their mother Dariga Nazarbayeva and Alnur Mussayev also spelled Alnur Musaev () and that they were afraid that both of them wanted them killed.
Death
On 16 August 2020, it was reported that Aisultan had died presumably due to cardiac arrest in London, just ten days before their 30th birthday. The inquest into their death found that they died from natural causes as a result of their cocaine use.
Their mother, Nazarbayeva, stated "My family is devastated at the loss of our beloved Aisultan and we ask for privacy at this very difficult time."
References
1990 births
2020 deaths
FC Kairat players
Kazakhstani footballers
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
Chelsea F.C. players
Portsmouth F.C. players
FC Astana players
FC Sunkar players
Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
Nursultan Nazarbayev family
Association footballers not categorized by position
Hanzhong Road () is the name of an interchange station between Line 1, Line 12, and Line 13 of the Shanghai Metro, located in Jing'an District north of Suzhou Creek within the inner ring-road of Shanghai. It opened on 10 April 1995 as part of the section between and . On 19 December 2015, the interchange with Lines 12 and 13 opened. In February 2016 computerized light butterflies were added, and the government is also experimenting with videos on pillars.
Station Layout
Gallery
References
External links
Shanghai Metro stations in Jing'an District
Line 1, Shanghai Metro
Line 12, Shanghai Metro
Line 13, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 1995
Railway stations in Shanghai
The Siquijor Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Siquijor.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having three seats. A voter votes up to three names, with the top three candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is not coextensive with the legislative district of Siquijor; unlike congressional representation which is at-large, Siquijor is divided into two districts for representation in the Sangguniang Panlalawigan.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Presiding Officer / Vice Governor: Mei Ling Quezon (NPC)
Past members
Vice Governors
1st District Board Members
2nd District Board Members
References
Politics of Siquijor
Provincial boards in the Philippines
The white-throated babbler (Argya gularis) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae.
It is endemic to Myanmar.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Turdoides but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Argya.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
white-throated babbler
Endemic birds of Myanmar
white-throated babbler
white-throated babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Lujiazui (, lit. meaning "[The] Lu family's mouth"), formerly known as Lokatse from its pronunciation in Shanghainese, is a locality in Shanghai, a peninsula formed by a bend in the Huangpu River. Since the early 1990s, Lujiazui has been developed specifically as a new financial district of Shanghai. The decision to earmark Lujiazui for this purpose reflects its location: it is located on the east side of the Huangpu River in Pudong, and sits directly across the river from the old financial and business district of the Bund.
Lujiazui is a national-level development zone designated by the government. In 2005, the State Council reaffirmed the positioning of the Lujiazui area as the only finance and trade zone among the 185 state-level development zones in mainland China.
Geography
Lujiazui is located in the Pudong New District on the eastern bank of Huangpu River. It forms a peninsula on a bend of the Huangpu River, which turns from flowing north to flowing east. The importance of Lujiazui stems from the fact that it lies directly across the river from the Bund, the old financial and business district of Shanghai, and just south of the confluence of the Suzhou Creek with the Huangpu River. Until the 1980s, Lujiazui was a relatively low-built area, featuring residential houses, warehouses, and factories. Following the allocation of Lujiazui as a special investment zone in 1992, the development of Lujiazui's skyline begun. This was largely driven by Chinese state owned enterprises investing and developing the property within the area, with the inaugural landmark, the Oriental Pearl Tower, being completed in 1994.
Economy
The success of Lujiazui in the past 20 years has fueled tourism and business related travel to Shanghai. Pictures of the Lujiazui skyline dominate Shanghai tourism materials, and there are 5 five-star hotels in the area, providing approximately 2,443 rooms, and three more five-star hotels are expected in the area in the coming years, adding more than 1,200 luxury units.
History
Formation
The modern configuration of the Huangpu River and Suzhou Creek beyond the old county town of Shanghai is the result of engineering works completed during the early Ming Dynasty. The result is that the wider Huangpu River, flowing north past the county town, then turned east at its confluence with the now narrower Suzhou Creek, proceeding along the former downstream channel of the Suzhou Creek to enter the sea at Wusongkou, the former mouth of Suzhou Creek.
The bend in the Huangpu River resulted in the formation of an alluvial beach east and south of the bend. This alluvial floodplain was called a "mouth" (zui) after its shape. It was named after the family of Lu Shen, a 15th-century scholar-official of the Ming Dynasty. Lu's family became one of the most prominent in Ming Dynasty Shanghai, and lived in the Yangjing canal area, east of the Huangpu River and close to today's Lujiazui.
Settlement
During the Ming Dynasty, fishermen were recorded as living in Lujiazui. During the Qing Dynasty, the construction of levees on the peninsula encouraged settlement in greater numbers, with a number of villages forming in the part of the peninsula within the levees. Mudflats remained outside the levees.
The opening of Shanghai as a treaty port in the mid-19th century led to rapid development of Lujiazui as an industrial and commercial area servicing Shanghai. The middle part of the peninsula became a town called Lannidu (烂泥渡, literally "Mud Ferry"), named after one of the wharves on the river bank. British, American, French, German and Japanese interests built a series of factories, warehouses and storage yards, and wharves to service them. A busy commercial street developed in Lannidu to service the commodities trade as well as the daily needs of the many workers employed by the industrial facilities.
Development since 1986
In 1986, as part of reform measures to use Shanghai as a centre for increasing economic development and trade in China, a Chinese government policy document referred to the development of Pudong for the first time, including the creation of a new financial and trading center in Lujiazui. The policy of "developing and opening up Pudong" was officially announced in 1990. Pudong was quickly transformed over the next few decades from its industrial past into a financial and commercial centre. As well as a large number of skyscrapers housing the offices of corporations, banks and professional service firms, the area also features a number of hotels and shopping centres, and a convention centre by the waterfront. The Oriental Pearl Radio & Television Tower has dominated the skyline of Lujiazui since it was completed in 1995, although there are now two skyscrapers taller than it.
In 2015, the Shanghai Free Trade Zone was expanded to include Lujiazui.
Buildings
Landmark buildings in Lujiazui include:
Oriental Pearl Tower
Jin Mao Tower
Shanghai World Financial Center
Super Brand Mall
Shanghai IFC
Bank of China Tower
Shanghai Tower
Transportation
By water, Lujiazui is linked to the rest of central Shanghai by ferry services from two wharves, located at the northern and southern ends of the area respectively. At the southern end, the Dongchang Road ferry terminal provides river-crossing services across the Huangpu River to central and southern central Shanghai. The most popular ferry service for tourists connects Dongchang Road wharf with Jinling East wharf, located on the Bund. At the north end, the Xichang Inn wharf provides river-crossing services across the Huangpu River to northern central Shanghai. The former Lujiazui ferry wharf, once part of the most popular river crossing in Shanghai, was closed in 1999, with its wharf structure now used as a waterfront seating area.
By road, Lujiazui is connected to the rest of central Shanghai by the Yan'an East Road Tunnel, linking the southern end of the Bund with the centre of Lujiazui. Further away from the centre of Lujiazui, the Renmin Road Tunnel and Fuxing East Road Tunnel link southern Lujiazui with southern central Shanghai, while Xinjian Road Tunnel and Dalian Road Tunnel link northern Lujiazui with northern central Shanghai.
By metro, Lujiazui is served by Lujiazui station, which is on Shanghai Metro Line 2.
Additionally, the Bund Sightseeing Tunnel is a tourist attraction consisting of slow-moving underground vehicles which move between the Bund and Lujiazui accompanied by light and sound effects in the tunnel.
Gallery
References
External links
"Lujiazui still on the rise," by Tian Xiuzhen, Shanghai Star. 2004-12-16
"Lujiazui to become top biz district," Shanghai Daily. 2006-09-14
ShanghaiDaily.com - Area review.
Financial districts in China
Neighbourhoods of Shanghai
Special Economic Zones of China
Pudong
Superliga de Voleibol Masculina 2013–14 was the 50th (L) season since its establishment. The 2013–14 regular season started on October 12, 2013, and finished on March 29, 2014.
Championship playoffs began on 5 April. Starting with semifinals, the two semifinal winners will advance to the Final to fight for the championship title.
CAI Teruel became new league champions by defeating defending champion, Unicaja Almeria 3–2 in the Final.
Competition format
11 teams played in a two-rounds format. Upon completion of regular season, the top four teams play Championship's playoffs, while the bottom team is relegated to Superliga 2.
During regular season, a win by 3–0 or 3–1 means 3 points to winner team, while a 3–2 win, 2 points for winner team & 1 for loser team.
Championship playoffs are played to best of 3 games.
2013–14 season teams
2013–14 regular season standings
Championship playoffs
All times are CEST, except for Canary Islands which is WEST.
Bracket
To best of three games.
Semifinals
Match 1
|}
Match 2
|}
Match 3
|}
Match 4
|}
Final
Match 1
|}
Match 2
|}
Match 3
|}
Match 4
|}
Match 5
|}
Final MVP: Víctor Viciana
Top scorers
(This statistics includes regular season and playoff matches.)
References
External links
Official website
2013 in volleyball
2014 in volleyball
Superliga de Voleibol Masculina
2013 in Spanish sport
2014 in Spanish sport
AKA: Girl Skater is a 2003 documentary about four female professional skateboarders on a skateboarding tour in Australia.
The documentary follows Dave Carnie (from Big Brother Skateboard Magazine) as they lead pro skaters Amy Caron, Vanessa Torres, Monica Shaw, and Jaime Reyes on a tour of Australia, visiting a variety of skate parks and tourist attractions.
Overview
The film features the skaters doing demos at local skate parks, signing autographs for local people. There are also scenes of the skaters visiting a local zoo.
One part of the film takes place at the Gallaz Skate Jam in Melbourne, Australia, where the street course is won by Amy Caron. At the time, this contest was the largest prize in women's skateboarding, with Caron winning a new car.
While the film features some skateboarding, it was viewed more as a documentary of the culture of female skateboarders, as opposed to a technical skate video. This is the first major skate film to focus solely on the progression and culture of women in skateboarding, by highlighting a select number of top female skaters.
Mike Hill, the director of Girl Skater once quoted that; "Given the current standard of women's skateboarding, a film that finally gives a voice to this subculture, and the phenomenal athletes that represent it, is well overdue."
Cast
Amy Caron
Vanessa Torres
Monica Shaw
Jaime Reyes
Dave Carnie
Jessica Landon
Home media
The DVD features special bonus features including Gallaz Skate Jam Highlights, trick tips with Lauren Mollica, a behind the scenes feature and a bails feature.
References
External links
Skateboarding videos
2003 films
2003 documentary films
Australian sports documentary films
2000s English-language films
