Demirli is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
The Dover Quartet is an American string quartet. It was formed at the Curtis Institute of Music in 2008 and its members are graduates of both the Curtis Institute of Music and the Rice University Shepherd School of Music. Its name is taken from the piece Dover Beach by Samuel Barber. The quartet consists of violinists Joel Link and Bryan Lee, violist Milena Pajaro-Van de Stadt, and cellist Camden Shaw. In 2020, the quartet was appointed to the faculty of the Curtis Institute of Music as ensemble-in-residence. Their faculty residency integrates teaching and mentorship, the quartet's artist management, and the creation of digital content, all fostered at Curtis in a holistic way. Additionally, they hold residencies with the Kennedy Center, Bienen School of Music at Northwestern University, Artosphere, and the Amelia Island Chamber Music Festival.
The Dover Quartet has collaborated with artists such as Emanuel Ax, Inon Barnaton, Ray Chen, the Escher Quartet, Edgar Meyer, Anthony McGill, the late Peter Serkin, and Roomful of Teeth. Equally comfortable with repertoire from a range of eras, the quartet has worked with some of the world's foremost living composers, premiering works by composers such as Caroline Shaw and Mason Bates.
Discography
The Dover Quartet's The Schumann Quartets album (Azica Records) is nominated for a 2021 GRAMMY® Award for Best Chamber Music/Small Ensemble Performance.
The Dover Quartet has released three albums on Cedille Records: Tribute: Dover Quartet Plays Mozart, Voices of Defiance, and Beethoven Complete String Quartets, Volume 1 – The Opus 18 Quartets. Volumes 2 and 3 of the Beethoven Complete String Quartets are anticipated to be released in 2021 and 2022.
Awards
Hailed as “the next Guarneri Quartet” (Chicago Tribune) and “the young American string quartet of the moment,” (New Yorker), the Dover Quartet catapulted to international stardom in 2013, following a stunning sweep of all prizes at the Banff International String Quartet Competition. Among the group's honors are the Avery Fisher Career Grant, Chamber Music America's Cleveland Quartet Award, and Lincoln Center's Hunt Family Award. The Dover Quartet has also won top prizes at the Wigmore Hall International String Quartet Competition and the Fischoff Chamber Music Competition. The quartet was nominated for the 2021 Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music/Small Ensemble Performance for their recording of Robert Schumann's string quartets.
References
American string quartets
Curtis Institute of Music alumni
Rice University alumni
Curtis Institute of Music faculty
Cedille Records artists
The Second Brazauskas Cabinet was the 13th cabinet of Lithuania since 1990. It consisted of the Prime Minister and 13 government ministers.
History
Algirdas Brazauskas, the leader of the Social Democratic Party of Lithuania had led the 12th government as the Prime Minister since 2001. The outgoing government coalition "Working for Lithuania" finished second in the elections in October 2004, behind the populist Labour Party, but Brazauskas was again appointed the Prime Minister by President Valdas Adamkus on 29 November 2004. The 13th cabinet received its mandate and started its work on 14 December 2004, after the Seimas gave assent to its program.
The government collapsed in late spring of 2006, when in April New Union (Social Liberals) left the coalition and in May President Adamkus expressed no-confidence in Minister of Culture Vladimiras Prudnikovas and Minister of Health Žilvinas Padaiga, who were delegated by the Labour Party. This criticism caused the Labour Party's council to withdraw its ministers from the government, prompting Brazauskas to resign on 1 June 2006. By the first week of May, the government became minority one as 9 members of Labor Party parliamentary group (including Speaker of Seimas Viktoras Muntianas) formed their own parliamentary group, which was called Civic Democratic parliamentary group. The government continued to serve in an acting capacity, with Zigmantas Balčytis as the acting Prime Minister until the Kirkilas Cabinet started its work on 18 July 2006.
Cabinet
The following ministers served on the Second Brazauskas Cabinet.
References
Cabinet of Lithuania
2004 establishments in Lithuania
2006 disestablishments in Lithuania
Cabinets established in 2004
Cabinets disestablished in 2006
lt:Sąrašas:Lietuvos ministrų kabinetai (nuo 1990)#Tryliktoji Vyriausybė
Big Bad and Acoustic by The Choirboys sees the band perform acoustic tracks that they have put together over their two decades together.
The album was engineered by Adam Jordan and mixed by Robert Specogna at Main Street Studios, Wollongong.
Track listing
"Last Night of My Life"
"Struggle Town"
"Run to Paradise"
"Hey Saint Peter"
"James Dale"
"Fuel"
"Fireworks"
"Cold Outside"
"Boys Will Be Boys"
"My Best Friend's Girl"
"Dream On"
"Boys in the Band"
"Bad Boy for Love"
"Never Gonna Die"
"Don't Say Goodbye"
"Empire"
2006 albums
The Choirboys (band) albums
was a after Jian and before Chōgen. This period spanned the years from July 1024 through July 1028. The reigning emperor was .
Change of era
1024 : The new era name was created to mark an event or series of events. The previous era ended and the new one commenced in Jian 4, on the 13th day of the 7th month of 1024.
Events of the Manju era
1024 (Manju 1): Fujiwara no Kintō withdrew from their public duties; and they retired to Kitayama in the north of Kyoto.
May 4, 1026 (Manju 3, 15th day of the 4th month): a partial lunar eclipse.
1027 (Manju 4): Fujiwara no Michinaga died at age 62.
Notes
References
Ackroyd, Joyce. (1982) Lessons from History: The Tokushi Yoron. Brisbane: University of Queensland Press. ; OCLC 7574544
Brown, Delmer M. and Ichirō Ishida, eds. (1979). Gukanshō: The Future and the Past. Berkeley: University of California Press. ; OCLC 251325323
Iwao, Seiichi. (2002). Dictionnaire historique du Japon (Vol. I), (Vol. II) (with Teizō Iyanaga, Susumu Ishii, Shōichirō Yoshida et al.). Paris: Maisonneuve & Larose. ; OCLC 51096469
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 58053128
Titsingh, Isaac. (1834). Nihon Odai Ichiran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon. Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland. OCLC 5850691
Varley, H. Paul. (1980). A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns: Jinnō Shōtōki of Kitabatake Chikafusa. New York: Columbia University Press. ; OCLC 6042764
External links
National Diet Library, "The Japanese Calendar" -- historical overview plus illustrative images from library's collection
Japanese eras
Porosity Storage Reservoirs are human-made water storage reservoirs located in shallow alluvial (sand and gravel) deposits. The porosity, or void space, refers to the open spaces between the sand and gravel, and it is in this area that the water is stored. By separating and isolating a portion of an alluvial deposits through the use of walls made of natural materials, large reservoirs of water (up to a 100,000 acre feet) can be built up to 150 feet below ground. Securely storing water underground in this way protects the water from evaporative loss, unwanted contamination and is seen as low impact to the environment, compared to traditional dams and above ground water reservoirs.
Porosity Storage Reservoir innovations and technologies were created by Donald O. Summers and Stanley R. Peters on behalf of the parent company PS Systems, Inc.
Reservoirs
The Norfolk Grange Hall, previously known as First Baptist Church, is a historic Grange hall and former Baptist church at 28 Rockwood Road in Norfolk, Massachusetts. Built in 1863, it is one of the town's few surviving 19th-century civic buildings. Since 1921 it has been owned by the Norfolk Grange # 135 and used as its meeting hall. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Description and history
The Norfolk Grange Hall is set on the east side of Rockwood Road (Massachusetts Route 115), a short way north of Norfolk's village center. It is a single-story wood-frame structure, with a front-facing gable roof, clapboard siding, and a granite foundation. The center section of the front (west-facing) facade projects slightly, and supports a two-stage tower topped by a flared roof. The building's corners are quoined, and the front gable is fully pedimented, with modillions at the rake and eave edges. Entrances are found to either side of the center projecting section, topped by half-round transom windows.
The Baptists of Norfolk were organized about 1800, when the area was known as North Wrentham (it was incorporated as Norfolk in 1870). They first met at a parish in Medfield, and then in the old congregational meeting house when that was vacated by its congregation in 1842. In 1861, with that building requiring extensive repairs, the congregation opted to build a new edifice, resulting in the construction of this building the following year. It served that congregation, with minimal alteration, until 1921, when its declining enrollment prompted the sale of the building to the local Grange chapter.
The Grange chapter, organized in 1886, and took a significant place in the then-agricultural community that it has maintained to this day. It updated the building, adding electricity and plumbing, and has over the years opened it to all manner of civic and social functions. From 1922, when the town hall burned down, until 1949, town meetings and other town business was conducted here. The public library was housed in space at its rear from 1922 to 1956. Of the town's 19th-century public buildings, only the Federated Church is older (built in 1832).
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
References
External links
Norfolk Grange # 135 website
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1863
Grange organizations and buildings in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Grange buildings on the National Register of Historic Places
Georgian architecture in Massachusetts
Italianate architecture in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Historic district contributing properties in Massachusetts
Shush (; also Romanized as Shūsh, Shoosh, and by name of the ancient nearby city: Sūsa) is a city and capital of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53,897, in 10,689 families. Shush is located beside ancient Susa.
References
Populated places in Shush County
Cities in Khuzestan Province
Susa
Tabeer (, ; ) is the debut solo studio album by Pakistani classical and pop singer, songwriter, and composer Shafqat Amanat Ali, released in India on September 9, 2008 by the Music Today label.
Background
After leaving the band Fuzön in 2006, Ali chose to focus on their solo career as a vocalist. Based on traditional folk and Sufi works, their first solo album Tabeer was commissioned and released in India in September 2008 by the Music Today label. The album was also released in Pakistan by the Fire Records label as their mega Eid release. Rohail Hyatt, the co-creator of Coke Studio, was initially roped in to produce Tabeer but was not ultimately able to work on it.
Tabeer amassed significant critical acclaim in both India and Pakistan and received praise for mixing "the earthy with the refined." Ali garnered praise for their "powerful vocals," their "command over the classical idiom and modern music, and for blending catchy pop melodies with folk vocals.
Music and style
Rolling Stone (India) described Ali's vocal stylings in Tabeer as "cull[ing] from Pakistan's inherent Sufiana (mystical) traces and their traditional Patiala Gharana heritage," while Billboard magazine characterized the album as a modern reworking of "traditional Sufi poetry." Ali described the album as having "soulful music with some Sufi elements." They stated that Tabeer was "a very personal piece of work" for them and that the album was about establishing their own distinct identity as a vocalist: "these were the songs that I always thought I'd do someday, and when I was approached by the Indian record label Music Today, I thought I'd sing those songs." They further shared that their goal with Tabeer was to experiment "with the contemporary way of music, a mix of earthy and traditional tones, to give music lovers something fresh."
Recording and production
Tabeer was recorded, mixed, and mastered by Shani (Zeeshan) Haider at A Couple of Good Studios in Karachi, Pakistan. Rolling Stone (India) characterized Tabeer as having "compellingly softer tones," which was a marked departure from Ali's previous work with Fuzön in Saagar. Ali remarked that they enjoyed having a greater degree of creative control and artistic freedom while working on Tabeer as a solo artiste, compared to working on Saagar with Fuzön, stating: "with Fuzön, we had to use a fixed set of instruments even when they were not needed for a song. On this album, I had the freedom to incorporate only those instruments that are needed." Tabeer features guitar work by Imran Muhammad Akhoond and flute work by Sajid Ali.
Although Tabeer was designed to cater to Indian musical sensibilities and was also released first in India, Ali asserted in an interview that they were determined to record and produce the album in Pakistan "because Pakistani musicians and recordings [have] their own distinct sound," which they wanted to highlight in the album, while also trying to avoid the Bollywood music mold. Ali has mentioned that they ended up excluding some of the songs they originally wrote and composed for Tabeer because they were thematically "very dark" and they did not deem them commercially viable at the time.
Composition and songwriting
Ali worked on developing tracks for Tabeer for a period of about ten months and mentioned: "I like to compose using ragas because that is my base and my foundation." Referring to their songwriting process for the album, they noted: "the music I make doesn't have rock tones anymore. I like sounds that relate to humanity, like Sufi music." Accordingly, several songs in the album have noticeably spiritual and devotional overtones.
Khaireyan De Naal was the lead single and opening track on Tabeer and was used heavily to promote the album across music channels in both India and Pakistan. Ali borrowed the primary chorus line of the song from Tufail Niazi's folk song of the same name and wrote and composed the song around it. The song tells the story of the tragic romance of Heer Ranjha, a Punjabi folktale written in 1766 by the poet Waris Shah. Ali received significant critical acclaim for Khaireyan De Naal and has mentioned that it is their favorite track in the album. They also composed and sang a version of this song for the soundtrack of the 2015 Hindi movie, Tevar.
The album has strong Sufi overtones and features five Sufi tracks – Rang Le, Bulleh Shah, Dum Ali Ali Dum, Rohi, and Pagalpan:
Rang Le is based on the well-known Sufi devotional song, Mohe Apne Hi Rang Mein Rang De, written by Sufi poet Amir Khusrau as a supplication to their spiritual guide — the Sufi saint Nizamuddin Auliya — beseeching them to dye Khusrau in the colors of divine love. The theme of immersive colors, dyes, and hues is a prominent motif in Sufi poetry and imagery and symbolizes union and oneness between the seeker and God (as the Beloved). Ali incorporated guitar- and accordion-led jazz improvisations into their arrangement of this track to lend it softer, romantic tones.
The song Bulleh Shah is based on the Sufi devotional Kafi Aao Saiyo Ral Deo Ni Wadhai written by the 18th-century poet and philosopher, Bulleh Shah, in which they celebrate the ecstasy of finding their murshid (spiritual teacher) – the Sufi saint Shah Inayat Qadiri. Ali chose to name the song eponymously in honor of its writer. They also performed a version of this song for Season 2 of MTV Unplugged in 2012.
Ali composed and wrote additional lyrics for the track Dum Ali Ali Dum which is a variation of the popular 600-year-old qawwali, Dama Dam Mast Qalandar, originally written by Amir Khusrau and modified further by Bulleh Shah. The song is a much-celebrated and widely-sung tribute to the Sufi mystic and saint Hazrat Lal Shahbaz Qalandar and is part of the Indian subcontinent's cultural zeitgeist.
Rohi is an adaptation of a Kafi titled Jindri Luti Te Yaar Sajan (also known as Dilri Luti Te Yaar Sajan) written by the 19th-Century Sufi poet Khwaja Ghulam Farid. The Kafi was originally sung by Zahida Parveen, and various renditions of it have also been performed by Ustad Bade Ghulam Ali Khan, Pathanay Khan, Mehdi Hassan, and Abida Parveen among others. The original verses are written in the little-known Saraiki dialect from a remote region of Pakistan, which led Ali to alter some of the lyrics to make the song easier to understand. They also modified the composition of the original song to render it in a more contemporary style while retaining the traditional folk sounds of the original.
Pagalpan is inspired by Sindhi folk music and plays with the familiar Sufi theme of seeking a path to God and enlightenment while also acknowledging that God is within oneself.
The song Kartar, set in raga Darbari, is based on a time-honored Patiala Gharana bandish, originally sung by Ali's father Ustad Amanat Ali Khan and uncle Ustad Bade Fateh Ali Khan. Ali described the track as an "old traditional family song" and has shared that they extended the sthayi of the original bandish to develop it into a song. In 2009, Ali delivered a live performance of Ajab Khail — a modified rendition of Kartar — for Season 2 of Coke Studio Pakistan, produced by Rohail Hyatt. Kartar is particularly noted for its rock riffs and high-octane orchestration, and it was featured again as a bonus track in Ali's second solo album, Kyun Dooriyan (2010), with a slightly different arrangement.
Track listing
Most tracks are written, composed, and arranged by Shafqat Amanat Ali. Naina is composed by Shani (Zeeshan) Haider. Rohi is written by Khwaja Ghulam Farid. The track Tu Hi Tu Hai was initially released as part of Zubeen Garg's debut (compilation) album, Zindagi, in 2007 but was later re-released as part of Tabeer with a modified arrangement.
See also
Saagar
Kyun Dooriyan
Muh Dikhai
Sufi music
References
2008 albums
Pop albums by Pakistani artists
Sufi music albums
Vidal Medina (born in 1976) is a Mexican playwright and theatre director.
Biography
Medina was born in 1976 in Reynosa, Tamaulipas. They graduated from the Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León (UANL) in Administration, and studied in music at the Monterrey School of Music and Dancey. In 1994, they founded the Bocazas Grises literary workshop, and joined a theatrical workshop at the UANL School of Theater of the Faculty of Philosophy and Literature in 1999. In 2006–07, they studied in the Diplomado Nacional de Dramaturgia Conaculta-Inba.
 They are currently writing at the International Play Development of the London Royal Court Theater.  They are affiliated with the Teatro de los Peripatéticos A.C.
Published works
Garap, Conarte-Conaculta, ed. 2002. Won the Nuevo León Literature Prize, 2001.
Sitios concurridos, trazos y la danza del zombie (Antología: Contraseña: Nueva Dramaturgia Regiomontana, Conarte-Conaculta, ed. 2003).
Vuelve a casa (Return Home) Microdrama. Posdata Magazine Ed. 2005)
Galimatías (Tramoya Magazine no. 91. Veracruzana University- UANL. Ed. 2007).
Reseña: Garap, de Vidal Medina, Nuevo León State Fund for Culture and Arts, by Salvador Ramírez. Paso de Gato Año 3 Magazine, no. 16–17. April–June 2004.
Prácticas Posmodernas en la dramaturgia mexicana de los noventa (Postmodern Practice in the 1990s Mexican Drama) (David Olguín, Luis Mario Moncada, Gerardo Mancebo, Vidal Medina) by Elvira Popova. Armas y Letras Magazine (Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León) No. 56. September 2006.
Premieres
Sitios concurridos, under the author's direction. Fuenteovejun-teatro bar, October 2003 – May 2004.
Garap, directed by Coral Aguirre, Teatro del Centro de los Artes (winner of the Puestas en Escena 2004). November 2004 – March 2005.
Húmedas almohadas, under the author's direction. Outdoor theater of the Esquina Amarilla (Yellow Corner), Sala Experimental, Teatro la Estación, Teatro Calderón. October 2005 – October 2006.
Galimatías, directed by Mónica Jasso. Sala Experimental. October 2006. (Winner of the Puestas en Escena 2006).
Dramatic readings
El misterio de Ariadna (Beca del Centro de Escritores de NL. 2003–2004. Leída en la 2ª muestra nacional de la joven dramaturgia en Junio de 2005 en Querétaro).
Resistencia al cambio (Leído el ciclo de lecturas dramatizadas "Ola Nueva" en Acapulco, Guerrero en junio de 2006).
References
External links
laciudaddelvino.blogspot.com
1976 births
Autonomous University of Nuevo León alumni
Mexican dramatists and playwrights
Mexican theatre directors
People from Tamaulipas
Living people
Let's Bands is a sports equipment brand of resistance bands manufactured by Sports and more Ltd., a Maltese company. The brand name is specialized in the development, conception, and sports training with resistance bands made of stretch fabric in Europe and USA. Its training devices are designed for routines and rehabilitative exercises in fitness and rehabilitation facilities. Let's Bands's approach to fitness is covered in a workshop for trainers, physiotherapists and amateurs. It also includes an education course for health and fitness professionals who are concerned about muscle and joint pain.
Let's Bands is the original creation of Nina Romm, Valeria Trupia, Niko Schmitz, and Uno Gomes inspired by their Powerband. The brand was acquired in 2015 by Active Resistance Fitness, LLC, an American company.
See also
General fitness training
Physical medicine and rehabilitation
References
Sporting goods brands
Sporting goods manufacturers of Malta
Maltese brands
Pakistan participated in the 10th Asian Games in Seoul, South Korea from September 20, to October 5, 1986.
References
Nations at the 1986 Asian Games
1986
Asian Games
Vivat ribbons () were silk ribbons issued to raise money for the Red Cross in Germany and Austria during World War I.
Ribbons had printed patriotic messages which celebrated battles and important events, as well as royalty and the military leaders. They were designed by many famous German artists of the period. Most ribbons had the same size and followed the same design pattern with word "!" ("Long live!") printed on top, followed by unique text and graphic below. The bottom of the ribbon showed "" ("To the benefit of the Red Cross; Verlag Amsler & Ruthardt; Berlin W8") text, since they were released by the German Red Cross to raise funds for war relief. During World War I 200,000 ribbons were sold and they become popular collectors items.
Bibliography
Hans-Christian Pust: Vivatbänder, in: Didier, Christophe (Hg.): 1914–1918 In Papiergewittern. Die Kriegssammlungen der Bibliotheken, Paris: Somogy 2008, p. 204–209.
Entry Vivat in Meyers Enzyklopädisches Lexikon. Bibliographisches Institut, Lexikonverlag, Mannheim/Vienna/Zürich 1975, volume 24, p. 639.
References
German Empire in World War I
Arts in Germany
Ribbon symbolism
Medals of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement
Nationalism
Propaganda art
Propaganda in Germany
Cyclothone pallida, commonly known as the tan bristlemouth, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyclothone.
References
Gonostomatidae
Fish described in 1902
Modern Rome: From Napoleon to the Twenty-First Century is the first English edition of Italo Insolera's classical historical urban study Roma moderna. Da Napoleone I al XXI secolo published in 2011 as the last of several editions, revisions and updates issued starting from 1962.
Insolera locates the birth of “modern” Rome in 1811, when Napoleon I signed what they consider the first modern laws in Rome's history, and extends their analysis of Rome's urban development up to 2011. The book covers, among others, the last years of papal government and the subsequent establishment of Rome as the national capital of the newly unified Italy, the—contradictory, in Insolera's opinion—architectural achievements of the late 19th century, the difficult years post-WWI, the urban policy of the Fascist period, regarded as absurd by Insolera, the cultural revival and optimism following WWII, and what Insolera views as the alarming and still relevant developments of the late decades of the 20th century.
With this scope, the book reconstructs the fascinating, complex and difficult history of a city that endlessly seeks—and never seems to find according to Insolera—a planned definition of its own urban aspect.
In addition to a Preface and a “Presentation to the Anglo-Saxon Reader,” the English edition features two extra chapters. One includes a critical review of Insolera's Roma moderna, with additional information casting often disquieting light on a number of key issues in the post-WWII history of Rome (and Italy). :it:Vezio De Lucia, a renowned Italian urban planner, provided most of this material.
The second chapter refers to the post-2011 urban history of Rome. The main contributor is :it:Paolo Berdini, an expert on the Roman suburbs, who collaborated with Insolera on the 2011 edition of the book and was responsible for urban planning in Rome at the start of the municipal government established after the June 2016 elections.
A map relating to the city centre and the changes that have occurred there since the early 19th century, additional photos, and an index of places completes the materials designed for the English edition.
Modern Rome has been awarded the ISOCARP Gerd Albers Award 'Best Book' 2019.
Main editions
Italo Insolera, Roma moderna : un secolo di storia urbanistica (Modern Rome. A Century of Urban History), Piccola Biblioteca Einaudi (Turin: Einaudi, 1962), 279 pages, 20 chapters.
Italo Insolera and Paolo Berdini (collaborator), Roma moderna. Da Napoleone I al XXI secolo, Piccola Biblioteca Einaudi 550 (Turin: Einaudi, 2011), 403 pages, 30 chapters, .
Italo Insolera, Paolo Berdini (collaborator & contributor) and Vezio De Lucia (contributor), Modern Rome: From Napoleon to the Twenty-First Century, eds. Lucia Bozzola, Roberto Einaudi and Marco Zumaglini (Newcastle upon Tyne: Cambridge Scholars Publishing, 2021), 508 pages, Paperback binding, .
1962 non-fiction books
2011 non-fiction books
2018 non-fiction books
20th-century history books
History books about Italy
History books about cities
Modern history of Italy
19th century in Rome
20th century in Rome
21st century in Rome
Urban development
History of urban planning
Books about Rome
Urban planning by period
Alatuncusia subductalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Venezuela.
References
Moths described in 1865
Dichogamini
Moths of South America
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1542.
Events
The diary begun by Luca Landucci is completed by an unknown hand.
The earliest written example of the Romani language appears.
New books
Prose
Paul Fagius – Liber Fidei seu Veritatis
Edward Hall – The Union of the Two Noble and Illustrate Famelies of Lancastre & Yorke
Poetry
See 1542 in poetry
Births
December – Catherine Des Roches, French poet and writer (died 1587)
unknown date – John of the Cross (Juan de Yepes y Álvarez), Castilian poet and friar (died 1591)
Deaths
January 10 – Gerard Geldenhouwer, Dutch historian (born 1482)
June 14 – Christoph von Scheurl, German humanist writer (born 1481)
October 11 – Sir Thomas Wyatt, English poet (born 1503)
unknown date – Lucas Fernández, Spanish dramatist and musician, who wrote in the Leonese language (born c. 1474)
References
1542 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
Penmorwdd is a hamlet in the community of Mechell, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 142.4 miles (229.1 km) from Cardiff and 223.1 miles (359.1 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
The Confessions of Frannie Langton is an upcoming British four-part period drama television series based on the novel of the same name by Sara Collins, adapted by Collins themselves and produced by Drama Republic for ITV.
Cast
Karla-Simone Spence as Frannie Langton
Sophie Cookson as Madame Marguerite Benham
Patrick Martins as Laddie Lightning
Stephen Campbell Moore as George Benham
Steven Mackintosh as John Langton
Henry Pettigrew as William Pettigrew
James Alexandrou as Constable Meek
Production
Development
It was announced in August 2020 that ITV had commissioned an adaptation of Collins' novel, marking ITV's first commission from Drama Republic. Collins themselves would adapt and executive produce the work alongside Greg Brenman and Rebecca de Souza also executive producing and Carol Harding producing. Andrea Harkin would direct the drama.
Casting
In August 2021, it was announced Karla-Simone Spence, Sophie Cookson, and Patrick Martins would star in the series with Spence taking the titular role. Stephen Campbell Moore, Steven Mackintosh, and Henry Pettigrew had also joined the cast.
Filming
Receiving support from Screen Yorkshire and Production Intelligence, principal photography took place across Yorkshire, beginning in August 2021 and wrapping in November. Markéta Korinkova designed the sets for the series. Filming locations included Wakefield, Mansion House on St Helen's Square and the former post office on Lendal in York, Sledmere House, Kingston upon Hull, and Versa Studios in Leeds.
References
External links
2022 British television series debuts
2022 British television series endings
2020s British drama television series
2020s British television miniseries
Upcoming drama television series
ITV miniseries
ITV television dramas
Television series set in the 19th century
Television shows based on British novels
Television shows set in Jamaica
Richard Byrd Hart (October 20, 1935 – April 10, 2013) was an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1960s.
At the 1963 PGA Championship, Hart led after both 18 and 36 holes (66 & 72) but faded in the third and fourth rounds (76 & 74) to finish the tournament at T-17 — their best finish in a major championship.
Hart's one tour victory came at the 1965 Azalea Open Invitational. They defeated Phil Rodgers on the eighth hole of a sudden death playoff. The playoff remains one of the longest in PGA Tour history.
A 43-year club pro at Hinsdale Golf Club in Hinsdale, Illinois, Hart was inducted into the Illinois Golf Hall of Fame in 1990.
Hart died in Covington, Louisiana in 2013.
Professional wins (6)
PGA Tour wins (1)
PGA Tour playoff record (1–0)
Other wins (5)
1963 Illinois PGA Championship
1964 Illinois Open
1966 Illinois PGA Championship
1969 Illinois Open
1971 Illinois Open
References
External links
1965 Sports Illustrated article covering Hart
American male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Massachusetts
Golfers from Illinois
Sportspeople from Salem, Massachusetts
People from Abita Springs, Louisiana
1935 births
2013 deaths
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
Kyle Kushman is the pen name of Adam Orenstein, an American writer, educator, activist and award-winning cannabis cultivator and breeder specializing in veganic cultivation.
 They are known for their organic farming techniques such as super cropping, pruning, drying and curing, as well as processing cannabis flowers into extracts.  They are a former cultivation reporter for High Times Magazine, has been a contributing writer for over 20 years, and has taught courses in advanced horticulture at Oaksterdam University in Oakland, California and across the United States.
Their collaborations have earned multiple High Times Cannabis Cup awards, and they are credited with breeding Joey's Strain and Cherry Lopez.
Kushman hosts a podcast called The Growth Show with Kyle Kushman on CannabisRadio.com. Guests have included Danny Danko, Ed Rosenthal, Dr. Lester Grinspoon, Alison Holcomb, Ken Estes, Rick Cusick, Jeff Mizanskey, Mieko Hester-Perez, Chris Conrad and Mikki Norris.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
American cannabis activists
Living people
American horticulture businesspeople
On 23 September 2006, a Shree Air Mil Mi-8 helicopter crashed on a chartered flight from Phungling to Ghunsa in Eastern Nepal. The accident killed all 24 passengers and crew on board, including an expedition of World Wide Fund for Nature.
Aircraft
The helicopter involved with the accident was a Mil Mi-8 MTV 1.
Crew and victims
On board the helicopter was an expedition of World Wide Fund for Nature returning from an conservation event in Taplejung District, where the Government of Nepal handed the management of the park around Kanchenjunga to the local people. The WWF team included Chandra Gurung and Harka Gurung. Other passengers on board the ill-fated helicopter included politician Gopal Rai.
Incident
The helicopter took off at 10:45 NPT on 23 September 2006. Shortly afterwards, the helicopter was declared missing. Two days later, the wreckage of the helicopter was found south-west of Ghunsa. Bad weather was assumed to have caused the crash at the beginning.
Investigation
The final report on the accident the committee of the Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal stated that the pilots entering cloudy areas in unfamiliar terrain as well as bad crew resource management were the main causes of the accident. It furthermore criticized the operating airline, Shree Air, on their training proceedings.
Aftermath
A day of mourning was observed throughout Nepal and schools and public offices were closed on 27 September 2006.
References
Aviation accidents and incidents in 2006
Aviation accidents and incidents in Nepal
Aviation accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
2006 in Nepal
Accidents and incidents involving the Mil Mi-8
Matt Suggs is an American indie rock musician.
Born and raised in Visalia, California, Suggs was a member of Butterglory in the 1990s before launching a solo career in 2000. They released two albums on Merge Records, which Richie Unterberger described as "reminiscent of...The Kinks' Ray Davies". Later in the 2000s they were a founding member of White Whale.
Discography
Golden Days Before They End (Merge Records, 2000)
Amigo Row (Merge, 2003)
References
American rock musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Merge Records artists
Bobby Cleveland (born June 2, 1943) is an American politician who served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from the 20th district from 2012 to 2018.
On August 28, 2018, they were defeated in the Republican primary for the 20th district.
References
1943 births
Living people
Members of the Oklahoma House of Representatives
Oklahoma Republicans
Native American state legislators in Oklahoma
Choctaw people
The 498 Spanish Martyrs were victims of the Spanish Civil War beatified by the Roman Catholic Church in October 2007 by Pope Benedict XVI. They originated from many parts of Spain. Their ages ranged from 16 years to 78 years old. Although almost 500 persons, they are a small part of the Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War.
Background
The Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War were clergy, religious and lay persons of the Roman Catholic church who were executed during the Spanish Civil War, in a period known as the Red Terror. It is estimated that in the course of the Red Terror 6,832 members of the Catholic clergy were killed. Some 2,000 of these have been proposed for canonization and have had their causes advanced to the Congregation for the Causes of Saints (CCS). Pope John Paul II was the first pope to beatify a large number of saints from the Spanish Civil War. About 500 Spanish martyrs were recognized by them in several beatifications since 1987. In this ceremony, Benedict XVI beatified 498 individuals, proposed in 23 separate causes, the largest group to be beatified so far. In addition to these, another 1000 martyrs are awaiting conclusion of their causes in the Vatican.
Individual fates
The 498 martyrs include bishops, priests, male and female religious and faithful of both sexes. Three were 16 years old and the oldest was 78. They were from all parts of Spain, including the dioceses of Barcelona, Burgos, Madrid, Mérida, Oviedo, Seville, Toledo, Albacete, Cartagena, Ciudad Real, Cuenca, Gerona, Jaén, Málaga and Santander. Although Spain was the site of their martyrdom and the homeland of many of them, there were also some who came from other nations, from France, Mexico and Cuba. They are described as "men and women who were faithful to their obligations", and "who were able to forgive their killers". Cruz Laplana Laguna, the bishop of Cuenca, wrote I cannot go, only here is my responsibility, whatever may happen, while Fr. Tirso de Jesús María, a companion of Eusebio Fernandez Arenillas, wrote in the letter sent to their family on the eve of their execution: "Pardon them and bless them and amen to everything, just as I love them and pardon them and bless them".
Beatification ceremony
The beatification of the 498 martyrs (list below) took place on Saint Peter's Square not in the Basilica itself, which can include only 60,000 persons. Cardinal José Saraiva Martins, who gave the sermon during the beatification ceremonies, stated that these Martyrs all loved Christ and the Church more than their own life. The Cardinal pointed out that the victims of terror forgave their killers, referring to Father Tirso as an example.
The logo of the beatification, because of the very large number of new Blesseds, had as its central theme a red cross, the symbol of love taken to the point of shedding blood for Christ.
The Cardinal explained the difference between "Martyrs of Spain" and "Spanish Martyrs". Spain was the site of their martyrdom and the homeland of many of them, but there were also some who came from other nations, such as France, Mexico and Cuba. Catholic martyrs are not the exclusive patrimony of a single diocese or nation. Rather, because of their special participation in the Cross of Christ, they belong to the whole world, to the universal Church.
Pope Benedict XVI stated that faith helps to purify reason so that it may succeed in perceiving the truth. The Cardinal invoked the intercession of the Martyrs beatified and of Mary, Queen of Martyrs, "so that we may follow their example".
Spanish reactions
Juan Antonio Martínez Camino, the secretary-general of the Spanish bishops, replied to criticism that the martyrs were old fashioned conservatives: the first martyrs of the Church died after they were labeled as traitors of the Roman Empire, and during the French Revolution, Catholic priests were defined as enemies of the revolution. The Spanish victims were branded as an obstacle to historical progress.
The Spanish bishops stated that Spanish society is threatened by militant Secularism. The 498 Martyrs were thus a reminder of other values: "their beatification intends first of all to render glory to God for the faith which conquers the world". The bishops organized a national pilgrimage to Rome, the place of the beatification of the 498 Martyrs, and of the martyrdom of Saint Peter and Saint Paul.
The 498 Martyrs
The 498 Martyrs were proposed in 23 separate causes; the Vatican lists them as:
Lucas de San José Tristany Pujol, of the Discalced Brothers of the Virgin Mary of Mount Carmel;
Leonardo José Aragonés Mateu, a religious of the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools (the De La Salle brothers);
Apolonia Lizárraga del Santísimo Sacramento, who was Superior of the Carmelites of Charity, with 61 brothers and sisters of the same orders;
Bernardo Fábrega Julià, a Marist Brother;
Víctor Chumillas Fernández, Priest of the order of Little Brothers and 21 members of the same order;
Antero Mateo García, a lay person was head of family and third order of Saint Dominic. They were slain with 11 others from the second and third order of Saint Dominic;
Cruz Laplana y Laguna, the Bishop of Cuenca;
Fernando Españo Berdié, a Priest;
Narciso de Esténaga Echevarría, Bishop of Ciudad Real, and ten companions;
Liberio González Nombela, priest and twelve companions, all clerics of the Archdiocese of Toledo;
Eusebio del Niño Jesús Fernández Arenillas, a religious priest of the Discalced Carmelites, and 15 companions;
Félix Echevarría Gorostiaga, Priest, and six companions of their order;
Teodosio Rafael, a priest of the Congregation of Christian Brothers and three companions from the same order;
Buenaventura García Paredes, a priest and Religious; Miguel Léibar Garay, Priest of the Company of Mary, and forty members of that order;
Simón Reynés Solivellas and 5 companions, from the missionaries of the Sacred Heart of Jesus and Mary and from the congregation of Franciscan sisters;
Celestino José Alonso Villar and 9 companions of their order;
Ángel María Prat Hostench and 16 companions of the Carmelite order;
Enrique Sáiz Aparicio and 62 companions of their Salesian order;
Mariano de San José Altolaguirre y Altolaguirre and 9 companions of the order of the Most Holy Trinity;
Eufrasio del Niño Jesús Barredo Fernández, Priest of the Carmelite order;
Laurentino Alonso Fuente, Virgilio Lacunza Unzu and 44 companions of the Institute of Marist Brothers;
Enrique Izquierdo Palacios, Priest and 13 companions of the order of Hermanos Predicadores;
Ovidio Bertrán Anucibay Letona and 5 companions from the Institute of Christian Brothers;
José María Cánovas Martínez, a diocesan priest;
María del Carmen and Rosa y Magdalena Fradera Ferragutcasas, Sisters of the Congregation Hijas del Santísimo e Inmaculado Corazón de María;
Avelino Rodríguez Alonso, Priest, order of the Augustins and 97 companions from the same order, together with Six Diocesan priests;
Manuela del Corazón de Jesús Arriola Uranga and 22 companions of the congregation Siervas Adoratrices del Santísimo Sacramento y de la Caridad.
Controversy
A number of controversies arose around the beatification of some of these clerics. The move was criticised by some because it recognized victims from only one side of the conflict. The Vatican said it was not about "resentment but... reconciliation".
One of the most notable of these is Cruz la Plana y Laguna, Bishop of Cuenca, a well-known supporter of the monarchic regime, who since the proclamation of the Second Republic had carried out a number of notorious political, pro right-wing campaigns throughout the province and had established close contacts with military officials such as general Joaquín Fanjul, who would lead the Madrid military uprising on 18 July 1936 in support of Franco's coup. The bishop of Cuenca is described by their biographer as "supreme advisor" to the general, as well as being closely involved with the fascist political party Falange. In 1936 they personally endorsed José Antonio Primo de Rivera, the leader of this party, as a candidate to the 1936 local elections. When the pro-coup uprising in Cuenca failed, the bishop was arrested by Republican militiamen for collaborationism. They were tried for conspiring against the Republican government and executed on 8 August.
The controversy surrounding the beatification of Augustinian friar Gabino Olaso Zabala, listed as a companion of Avelino Rodriguez Alonso, has been different. Friar Zabala was martyred during the civil war and was beatified. Attention was called to the fact that this priest had been formerly accused without conviction of carrying out acts of torture on Philippine friar Mariano Dacanay, in the days when friar Olaso was a missionary in the former Spanish colony during the time when the Katipunan was trying to wrest the islands from Spanish rule. The Roman Catholic Church proclaims that even sinners can repent and turn into saints, such as in the case of Augustine of Hippo.
See also
Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War
Saint Innocencio of Mary Immaculate
The Martyrs of Daimiel
Blessed Bartolome Blanco Marquez, cooperator of the Salesian Fathers
Notes
External links
A complete listing of the 498 Spanish Martyrs beatified by Pope Benedict XVI October 2007
Martyrs of Religious Persecution During the Spanish Civil War (first of sixty pages of martyrs with photos)
The Persecution of Catholics in the Spanish Civil War
From ZENIT news service article "A Martyr's Letter to Their Girlfriend"
Ariticle from Catholic News Service
References
.
De la Cueva, Julio Religious Persecution, Anticlerical Tradition and Revolution: On Atrocities against the Clergy during the Spanish Civil War, Journal of Contemporary History Vol XXXIII – 3, 1998
, , Kirchengeschichte, Herder Freiburg, 1991 (Church history) (cit Franzen)
Anastasio Granados, El Cardinal Goma, Primado de Espana, Espasa Calpe Madrid. 1969
Hubert Jedin, Konrad Repgen and John Dolan, History of the Church: The Church in the Twentieth Century Burn& Oates London, New York (1981) 1999 Vol X (cit Jedin)
Frances Lennon Privilege, Persecution, and Prophecy. The Catholic Church in Spain 1875–1975. Oxford 1987
.
.
.
Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War
20th-century venerated Christians
Spanish beatified people
Roman Catholic child blesseds
Executed children
Lists of Christian martyrs
Martyred groups
Martyred Roman Catholic priests
Red Terror (Spain)
Beatifications by Pope Benedict XVI
The Old Lyford High School is a historic school building in Lyford, Texas. Built in 1923 as the first high school in Willacy County it was designed by the architectural firm Smith & Kelly. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1985.
History
On 22 June 1922 the bond issue to build a new high school held by the Lyford Board of Trustees passed by a landslide of 64 to 4. The design by Smith & Kelly of San Antonio" (or Galveston) was approved by the board on 6 January 1923 and a contract for construction of the new school was awarded to Roland Moore of Donna, Texas on 1 April 1923 for . Formal opening ceremonies were held 29 February 1924 presided over by the Raymondville lodge of Masons. Students came from Lyford and the surrounding communities including, Sebastian, Turner Tract and Stockholm. They were transported by trucks as these were the only vehicles that could traverse the rough dirt roads at the time. The school auditorium hosted all high school graduations from 1924 to 1958 when a new high school was built. With the completion of the new high school Old Lyford High School became Lyford Junior High until 1983 when another new school was built. An Official Texas Historical Marker signifies the school's designation as a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark.
Building
The one story building is constructed of tawny brick with cast stone trim and has a T-plan shape. Located just to the west of the city reservoir on flat land, landscaped with palm and elm trees the school faces south. The facade is approximately while the north wing extends . In the original plan five classrooms filled the head of the T while the auditorium was in the north wing. The entry is the centerpiece of a five part composition. The only ornamentation is on this elevation and includes cast stone details around and above a recessed entrance. A pedimented cornice above the door has an entablature carved to read "Lyford High School". The flanking inner bays have three windows each with 2 over 3 double hung sash. The end bays project as does the entry bay, the former with five windows in the same 2 over 3 patterns. A massive cast stone lintel spans the windows of each outer bay.
The classroom block (the head of the T) is identical on the east and west elevations. Each has a central set of doorways framed with monumental brick and a window bay with five windows to north of the doors. The rear wing is less ornamented having three doors and five windows on each side.
Interior and Changes
The interior has sustained some water damage but retains much of the original plan and details. The classroom block has a central hallway terminating in the doors on the east and west sides. Doorways with transom windows lead to the classrooms on either side as do ventilation windows. This hallway is lined with student lockers. The building's wooden windows were replaced in 1949 with steel frame windows that duplicated the original design. The auditorium originally occupied the north wing which was remodeled in 1958 to accommodate an additional five classrooms and a teacher's lounge. Metal canopies have been added to the sides of the north wing which did not remove any substantial building fabric.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Willacy County, Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks in Willacy County
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Willacy County, Texas
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Defunct schools in Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Willacy County, Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks
, or simply , is located in the heart of Kobe, Japan. This station is the main railway terminal of Kobe.
Lines
Sannomiya is served by the following railway lines and stations:
Hanshin Electric Railway (Main Line) - Kobe-Sannomiya Station (Hanshin)
Hankyu Railway (Kobe Line, Kobe Kosoku Line) - Kobe-Sannomiya Station (Hankyu)
Kobe New Transit (Port Island Line, K01) - Sannomiya Station
Kobe Municipal Subway (Seishin-Yamate Line, S03) - Sannomiya Station
Kobe Municipal Subway (Kaigan Line, S03) - Sannomiya-Hanadokeimae Station (see separate article)
JR West - Sannomiya Station (see separate article)
Hanshin Railway Main Line
Overview
The current station opened as Kobe Station on 12 April 1905. The station would undergo several name changes until the current name was introduced in 2013 along with the station number (HS 32).
In 1987, platform 3 was extended and a new ticket gate was opened on the north side.
The station was damaged by the Great Hanshin earthquake on 17 January 1995 and all services were suspended. Service was temporarily restored between this station and Kōsoku Kōbe on 1 February 1995, and full restoration of Hanshin Line services would be achieved on 26 June 1995.
Layout
This station has a combination bay/island platform serving three tracks below ground level. Tracks 1 and 3 are for through-trains running between Umeda and Sanyo Himeji, while track 2 is for trains headed to Ōsaka Namba and Kintetsu Nara.
Hankyu Railway Kobe Line, Kobe Kosoku Line
Overview
Hankyu Railway's station was established in 1936, and as its terminal within the city, was initially referred to as “Kobe”.
The original station building was noted for its Art Deco architecture and a grand arch through which trains passed on their approach to the station; this was damaged beyond repair in the 1995 Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake and was replaced by a temporary structure, which remained in use until 2020. A new high-rise building is now under construction, mimicking the design of the original station building, but lacking the arch over the tracks.
Layout
This station has two island platforms with three tracks elevated close to JR Sannomiya Station.
Kobe Municipal Subway Seishin-Yamate Line
Layout
This station has a side platform serving a track on the second basement and the third basement.
Gallery
Port Liner
Overview
The platforms for the Port Island Line opened on 5 February 1981. Platform screen doors have been installed since opening day.
In an announcement in 2018, a proposal was made to extend the Port Island Line to 8-car operation following an increase in ridership.
Layout
This station has an island platform serving two elevated tracks.
Surroundings
East side (East entrance of Kobe New Transit and JR West)
Kobe Shimbun Kaikan (M-INT Kobe)
Sannomiya Bus Terminal (M1 - M11)
Daiei
Chuo Ward Office, Kobe
Shinki Bus Sannomiya Bus Terminal (M15)
South side (East of Flower Road, Center entrance of Hanshin Railway, Kobe New Transit and JR West)
The Chuo Mitsui Trust and Banking Company, Limited Kobe Branch
Hanshin Bus expressway bus (Kobe Sannomiya), Transit buses (Sannomiya-ekimae) (Y1, Y2)
Kobe Sanyo Bus expressway bus (Kobe Sannomiya), Transit buses (Sannomiya-ekimae) (M12 - M14)
Sannomiya OPA
Sogo Kobe
Shinki Bus expressway bus (Kobe Sannomiya), Transit buses (Sannomiya-ekimae) (Y3 - Y5)
Kobe Loft
Transit buses (Hanshin-mae) (Y6, Y7)
Kobe International House
Joshin
South side (West of Flower Road, Entrances of Hankyu Railway, West entrance of Hanshin Railway and JR West)
Kobe Kotsu Center Building
Airport limousine for Osaka International Airport and Kansai International Airport (S1)
Sannomiyacho Itchome (Kobe City Bus) (S2)
Kobe Marui
Transit buses (Hanshin-mae) (S3, S4)
Sannomiya Center-gai
Transit buses (Hanshin-mae) (S5, S6)
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation Sannomiya Branch
Kobe City Hall
North side (East of Flower Road, East entrance of JR West and Kobe Subway)
Sundai
Transit buses (Subway Sannomiya) (N4 - N8)
North side (West of Flower Road, East entrance of Hankyu Railway and Kobe Subway)
Yoyogi Seminar
Transit buses (Subway Sannomiya) (N1 - N3)
West side (West entrance of Hankyu Railway and Kobe Subway)
Tokyu Hands Sannomiya - connected with the west entrance of Kobe Subway
Ikuta Shrine
Ikuta Police Station (Hyogo Prefecture)
Kobe Mosque a Kobe Islamic Community Center
Kobe Tax Office
NHK Kobe Broadcansting Station
References
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Port Liner Sannomiya Station (P01) (Japanese)
Hanshin Sannomiya Station (Japanese)
Hankyu Sannomiya Station (Japanese)
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
Hankyū Kōbe Main Line
Hanshin Main Line
Stations of Kobe Municipal Subway
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1905
Rodatychi (Ukrainian: Родатичі, formerly Городятичі, Horodiatyczi) is a village located in Lviv Raion, Lviv Oblast of Ukraine, and lies on the Tarnogród Plateau. It belongs to Horodok urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. In the Second Polish Republic, the town was the seat of the rural commune of Rodatychi.
History
The first mention of the village is in 1445. The village belonged to the estate of the Gródek eldership. The owners were the Austrian government, Jan Machan, and Antonina Mirska, who in 1890 transferred the property to the Congregation of the Sisters of Providence that they founded in Lviv. This partnered ownership was maintained until September 1939. The village had a railroad from the second half of the 19th century.
In 1929, the village was inhabited by 2561 inhabitants. There was a Roman Catholic church there. St. Church of the Holy Trinity and the Greek Catholic church were also churches in the village. The landowners were: Józef Habuda and Władysław Ostrowski, a cattle trader - H. Egort, the blacksmith - J. Kaliciak, the miller - L. Biernat, the Agricultural Circle, and the shoemaker, J. Kaniak. In the interwar period, only the Roman Catholic church remained, the Uniate parish ceased to exist.
In September 1939, German planes bombed a railway station, in the battle of Jaworów. After the village was invaded by the USSR , a prisoner camp was created for NKVD prisoners."The village of Rodatycze is located a little in the back, on the left side of the main road from Sądowa Wisznia to Gródek Jagielloński and then to Lviv. [...] "
Until 18 July 2020, Rodatychi belonged to Horodok Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Lviv Oblast to seven. The area of Horodok Raion was merged into Lviv Raion.
Education
There are secondary school in the village. 212 pupils from Tychapy, Vovchukhy and other villages in Lviv and Yavoriv districts. The school principal is - Savrey Stepan.
Medicine
The outpatient clinic is situated in Rodatychi. It was opened in 2010.
Transport
The Lviv-Shehyni M11 highway, which is a part of the European route E40, passes through the village.
Culture
There is the Church of the Holy Trinity, built in the early XX century.
On the territory of the local cemetery there is a crypt with the burial of nuns of the Catholic Order.
Since 2011, the annual international festival "Zaxidfest" is held on the basis of "Magic Valley".
Bibliography
Poland Address Book from 1929.
Z. Schneigert - NKVD camps of Polish prisoners of war from 1939 to 1941 in Eastern Lesser Poland [in:] Semper Fidelis 3-4 1992
See also
Gródecki District
Gródek
Judicial Vishnia
Wołczuchy
References
External links
Rodatycze in the geographical dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland . T. IX: Pożajście - Ruksze. Warsaw 1888.
Mielniki 14.), a group of houses in Rodatycze in the Geographic Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland . T. VI: Malczyce - Netreba. Warsaw 1885.
Villages in Lviv Raion
Effective Cycling is a trademarked cycling educational program designed by John Forester, which was the national education program of the League of American Wheelmen for a number of years until Forester withdrew permission for them to use the name.
It is also the name of Forester's book (first published in 1976 and revised numerous times since then) on the topic.
The program consists of textbooks and training courses (for both students and instructors) and a training video for students. The central teaching of the program is vehicular cycling practices. These practices are based upon years of statistical data about the experiences of cyclists. The primary recommendation is that a bicyclist, as an operator of a pedal vehicle, should follow the rules of the road that are common to all vehicle types. Forester argues that behaving otherwise actually increases the likelihood of collisions with other vehicles.
Principles
Forester summarizes the rules of the road for vehicle operation in five principles:
Use the correct half of the road, and not the sidewalk.
Yield to other traffic as required.
Yield when moving laterally across the road.
Choose the correct lane and position within the lane at intersections and their approaches, based on your destination. For example, a cyclist planning to go straight through an intersection should avoid getting stuck in a right-turn-only lane, where it is easy to get clobbered by a right-turning car; a cyclist in a through-traffic lane may get a few surprised looks but will probably not get hit. Choosing the correct lane and position often involves taking the lane when the lane is not wide enough for a car and a bike side by side.
Between intersections move away from the curb based on speed relative to other traffic and effective lane width.
Forester sums up Effective Cycling with what they call the vehicular cycling (VC) principle: "Cyclists fare best when they act and are treated as drivers of vehicles." This injunction is consistent with the rules of the road, which generally apply to all types of drivers of vehicles. The VC principle is often misunderstood to mean "act like you're a car". At most, it means to act like a driver of a low-powered motorcycle. Forester's injunction speaks not only to cyclist behavior but also to the way cyclists should be treated by motorists, police, and road engineers.
Opposition to segregated cycling
Forester generally opposes segregated cycle facilities (such as bicycle lanes) which they contend encourage behavior that is contrary to the vehicular cycling practices. This contention is challenged by those who believe that such facilities increase cyclist safety, such as the authors of a meta-study on cycle infrastructure safety research at the University of British Columbia, who have publicly stated that "In comparison to cycling on bicycle-specific infrastructure (paths, lanes, routes), on-road cycling appears to be less safe."
However, that study also concludes that "sidewalks and multi-use trails pose the highest risk" and Forester has published a reply.
Forester's contention is also supported by some studies in Europe and the US, including a 2012 evaluation of bicycle facilities by the District of Columbia Department of Transportation, which found that crashes increased by up to a factor of two after installing bicycle tracks. The Transport Research Laboratory's 2011 literature review found that "evidence suggests that the points at which segregated networks intersect with highways offer heightened risk, potentially of sufficient magnitude to offset the safety benefits of removing cyclists from contact with vehicles in other locations." A 2008 study commissioned by the Copenhagen Municipality noted that "cycle tracks constructed have resulted in increases in accidents and injuries of 9-10% on the reconstructed roads." A Danish 2008 study conducted by the Traffic Research Group of Aalborg University's Department of Development and Planning concluded that "the main results are that bicycle paths impair traffic safety and this is mainly due to more accidents at intersections." This, however, may be due to an overall increase in bicycle traffic, another consequence of the installation of segregated cycling facilities.
See also
Bikeability
Cyclecraft
References
Further reading
Effective Cycling by John Forester, (First edition, 1976; Sixth edition, MIT Press, 1992, ), 7th (2012)
External links
John Forester's website
"A Comparative Analysis of Bicycle Lanes Versus Wide Curb Lanes: Final Report", FHWA-RD-99-034.
John Forester's review of the analysis
Bicycle Transportation Institute
John S. Allen's bicycling pages, including Street Smarts
LAB's Bike Ed program, based on the principles of Effective Cycling
Vehicular cycling
Cycling safety
Croatia participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 with the song "Everything I Want" written by Milana Vlaović. The song was performed by Vesna Pisarović. Croatian broadcaster Croatian Radiotelevision (HRT) organised the national final Dora 2002 in order to select the Croatian entry for the 2002 contest in Tallinn, Estonia. The national final took place on 10 March 2002. Twenty songs competed and a combination of votes from five regional juries, an expert jury, regional televoting and internet voting selected "Sasvim sigurna" performed by Vesna Pisarović as the winner. The song was later translated from Croatian to English for the Eurovision Song Contest and was titled "Everything I Want".
Croatia was drawn to perform in position 6 in the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 25 May 2002. In the final, Croatia placed eleventh out of the 24 participating countries, scoring 44 points.
Background
Prior to the 2002 Contest, Croatia had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest nine times since its first entry in . The nation's best result in the contest was fourth, which it achieved on two occasions: in 1996 with the song "Sveta ljubav" performed by Maja Blagdan and in 1999 with the song "Marija Magdalena" performed by Doris Dragović.
The Croatian national broadcaster, Croatian Radiotelevision (HRT), broadcasts the event within Croatia and organises the selection process for the nation's entry. Between 1993 and 2001, HRT organised the national final Dora in order to select the Croatian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest, a method that continued for their 2002 participation.
Before Eurovision
Dora 2002
The final took place on 10 March 2002 at the Zagreb Fair in Zagreb with a symphony orchestra, and was hosted by Dusko Ćurlić and Bojana Gregorić. The winner, "Sasvim sigurna" performed by Vesna Pisarović, was determined by a combination of votes from five regional juries, an expert jury, regional televoting and internet voting. Ivana Spagna and Vanna, who represented Croatia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001, performed as guests during the show.
Preparation
Following Vesna Pisarović's win at Dora, a public televote held between 13 and 18 March determined the language of the song Pisarović would perform at the Eurovision Song Contest. Following consultation with music industry experts as well as taking the results of public researches and the public televote into consideration, HRT announced that Pisarović would perform the song in English, titled "Everything I Want".
At Eurovision
Voting
References
External links
Dora 2002 at the HRT website
Dora 2002 at the Eurofest Croatia website
2002
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002
Eurovision
The Seven Fuqaha of Medina is the title of seven Muslim scholars who were the largest contributors as to the transmission of hadith and making of fatwas in Medina during the 2nd century AH:
Sa'id ibn al-Musayyib
'Urwah ibn Az-Zubayr ibn al 'Awwam
Salim Ibn 'Abdullah ibn 'Umar
Qasim ibn Muhammad ibn Abi Bakr
Abu Salama ibn Abdur Rahman bin Awf
Sulayperson ibn Yasar
Kharijah ibn Zayd Ibn Thabit.
Some scholars include Abu Bakr ibn Abd ur-Rahman ibn al-Harith, and Ubaydullah ibn Abdillah ibn Utbah ibn Mas'ud instead.
See also
The Four Companions
The Seven People of the Cave
Jafar al Sadiq
External links
Text about The Seven Fuqaha of Medina by Shaykh Muhammad Abu Zahrah (extract of Mâlik, Hayâtuhu wa 'Asruhu, Arâ°uhu wa Fiqhuhu)
Presentation and biography of the Seven Fuqaha of Medina (at-tawhid.net)
References
8th-century Islam
Joseph-Félix Blanc (born in 1872 in Toulon) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tonga. They were appointed bishop in 1912. They died in 1962.
References
1872 births
1962 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
People from Toulon
Roman Catholic bishops of Tonga
Lipin () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Lipina. Notable people with the surname include:
Alexander Lipin (born 1985), Kazakhstani ice hockey player
Maksim Lipin (born 1992), Estonian footballer
Russian-language surnames
Carl Friedrich Georg Heinrici (14 March 1844– 29 September 1915) was a German Protestant theologian best known for their studies involving the relationship of early Christianity with its Greek environment.
Biography
From 1862 to 1867 they studied theology and philosophy at the universities of Halle-Wittenberg and Berlin. In 1873 they became an associate professor of New Testament exegesis at the University of Marburg, where during the following year, they attained a full professorship. In 1892 they succeeded Theodor Zahn as professor of New Testament exegesis at the University of Leipzig, where in 1911/12 they served as rector. From 1892 to 1914 they were director of the Neutestamentarisch-exegetischen Seminar at Leipzig.
Selected works
Die Valentinianische Gnosis und die heilige Schrift; eine Studie, 1871 – Valentinian gnosis and the Holy Scriptures.
Das erste Sendschreiben das Apostel Paulus an die Korinthier, 1880 – The first epistle of Saint Paul to the Corinthians.
Das zweite Sendschreiben des Apostel Paulus an die Korinthier, 1887 – The second epistle of Saint Paul to the Corinthians.
Theologische encyklopädie, 1893 – Theological encyclopedia.
Das Urchristentum, 1902 – Early Christianity.
Die Bergpredigt (Matth. 5-7. Luk. 6, 20-49) Begriffsgeschichtlich untersucht, 1905 – The Sermon on the Mount, a conceptual history.
Hellenismus und Christentum, 1909 – Hellenism and Christianity.
Die Eigenart des Christentums, 1911 – The uniqueness of Christianity.
Die Hermes-mystik und das Neue Testament, 1918 – Hermeticism and the New Testament.
References
1844 births
1915 deaths
University of Marburg faculty
Leipzig University faculty
Rectors of Leipzig University
19th-century German Protestant theologians
20th-century German Protestant theologians
People from Slavsky District
People from East Prussia
The National Union of Students of the Philippines is an alliance of student councils in the Philippines established in 1957. Advocating for democratic rights of students, it boasts about 600 member councils and is part of International Union of Students (IUS) and the Asia Pacific Youth and Students Association (ASA). It is also a member and a founding organization of Kabataan Partylist.
History
Early years
The National Union of Students of the Philippines (NUSP) was established in 1957, seceding from Student Council's Association of the Philippines. The group seceded partly because leaders of the former group promised votes for politicians, which affected and silenced students' opinions. Artemio Panganiban became one of the co-founders of NUSP and served as its president from 1958 to 1959.
Marcos dictatorship
The union has been very active as part of the student movement in the Philippines. Edgar Jopson was elected NUSP president during the 13th annual conference in 1969. After the conference, they led a major mobilization rally in front of the Congress, while then-president Ferdinand Marcos was delivering their State of the Nation Address (SONA). During the joint mobilization of moderates and radicals, about 5 p.m., students threw a coffin, a stuffed alligator, and stones at Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos as they left the Congress Building. They also burned an effigy of Marcos. Under Jopson's two-term tenure, the union participated in socio-political issues, especially as part of the First Quarter Storm and the Second Propaganda Movement.
They were concerned with Marcos's Constitutional Convention from 1971 to 1973. NUSP was a moderate group during this time, challenging Marcos not to have another term beyond the two-term limit that was set by the 1935 Philippine Constitution, as compared to Kabataang Makabayan, a more radical youth group that pursued systemic structural changes.
Post-EDSA
NUSP was also part of the Second People Power Uprising.
During the early administration of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, a youth initiative called Youth Movement for Justice and Meaningful Change, composed of Anakbayan, League of Filipino Students, Student Christian Movement of the Philippines, College Editors' Guild of the Philippines, and NUSP met at the office of Anakbayan in Padre Noval, Sampaloc, Manila, to discuss plans to advance the interests of the Filipino youth. Talks were made due to the disillusionment brought by the new administration. Eventually, these talks culminated in the formation of Anak ng Bayan Youth Party (Kabataan Partylist) on June 19, 2001, coinciding with the birthday of José Rizal.
Amid the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic among students in the Philippines, the union has been advocating for safe resumption of face-to-face classes, for they said that online distance learning has been detrimental to the welfare of the students.
The current president of NUSP is Jandeil Roperos, who was also the third nominee of Kabataan Partylist for the 2022 national elections. Kabataan Partylist's first nominee was Raoul Manuel, a former president of the NUSP.
Notable alumni
Artemio Panganiban
Edgar Jopson
John Osmeña
Raul Roco
Rene Saguisag
Sonia Malasarte
Ricardo Puno Jr.
Ronaldo Puno
Salvador Britanico
Violy Calvo
Loida Nicolas
Nely Nicolas
Macapanton Abbas
Carlos Padilla
Miriam Defensor
Tina Monzon
Jose Lina
Francis Pangilinan
Lean Alejandro
Chito Gascon
Lorenzo Tañada III
Hernani Braganza
Mike Defensor
Sarah Elago
Raoul Manuel
References
Activism in the Philippines
Student organizations in the Philippines
Youth organizations based in the Philippines
Students' unions in the Philippines
National Route 30 () is a highway in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam stretching from just north of Vĩnh Long, the capital of Vĩnh Long Province, northwest parallel to the Tiền Giang River into Đồng Tháp Province before meeting the Cambodian border along the northeastern bank of the Tiền Giang River. National Route 30 diverges northwest from National Route 1 just north of Vinh Long, on the opposite side of the Tien Giang. It passes through Tiền Giang Province and the towns of Cao Lãnh, Tan Dong, Tam Nông, An Long and Hồng Ngự.
30
Katherine Ann "Kay" Heim (later McDaniel; August 21, 1917 – May 11, 2015) was a catcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 6", 125 lb., Heim batted and threw right handed. They were nicknamed ״Heime״ by their teammates.
Born in Athabasca, Alberta, Kay Heim was one of the 68 players born in Canada to join the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League in its twelve years history. They also became one of the original 60 founding members of the league in its 1943 inaugural season.
While they were a light-hitting catcher, Heim highlighted as a defensive specialist with good pitch-calling skills and possessed a strong, accurate throwing arm. They helped the Kenosha Comets win the pennant title the first year, though the team lost to the Racine Belles in the best-of-five Championship Round. The next year, they fractured an ankle during the midseason and missed the rest of the season.
They then returned home, married Ray McDaniel and decided not to return for the 1945 season. The couple had two sons, Raymond and Roberts. They moved with the family to the United States and became a citizen in 1948. Besides this, they were employed in a glass company based in Minnesota and started to play bowling and coached softball while their boys grew up.
Heim gained honorary inductions into the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame in 1987 and the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame in 1998. They received further recognition in 1988 when they joined a group of Canadian ballplayers at Women in Baseball, a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York, which was unveiled to honor the entire All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.
In 1992, Heim, along with Jean Havlish and Nancy Mudge, two other Minnesota residents and former AAGPBL players, were invited to throw out the first pitch in a game Angels-Twins played at the Metrodome. The trio also was honored by the Colorado Silver Bullets all-female baseball team in their 1994 inaugural season, in which they threw out the first ball pitch of a game celebrated in Saint Paul. They died at the age of 97 in 2015 in Rosemount, Minnesota, where they lived.
Career statistics
Batting
Fielding
Sources
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League players
Kenosha Comets players
Canadian baseball players
Canadian emigrants to the United States
People from Athabasca, Alberta
Sportspeople from Alberta
1917 births
2015 deaths
People from Rosemount, Minnesota
21st-century American women
, or Denjin Makai, is a 1994 side-scrolling beat 'em up developed by Winkysoft and published by Banpresto that was originally released as a coin-operated arcade game. It was later ported to the Super Famicom (known as the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in other countries) under the title . The Super Famicom release is Japan-only. A sequel, Guardians, was released in 1995.
Gameplay
Denjinmakai can be played by up to two players simultaneously. Health gauges are displayed for both player and enemy characters, while energy bars are displayed for special moves.
The controls consist of an eight-way joystick and two buttons for attacking and jumping respectively. Pressing the attack button repeatedly when attacking an enemy or multiple enemies will cause the player character to perform a combo. The final blow of the combo can be changed to a throw if the player moves the joystick in the opposite direction just before landing it. The player also can perform a jump attack. When two players play, they can perform team-based special moves.
Enemies can be grabbed simply by walking into one of them. When an enemy is grabbed, the player can perform a grab attack by pressing the attack button or perform a throw by tilting the joystick left or right. A thrown enemy can be tossed at another for additional damage. Items such as weapons, health recovery items, and items awarding extra points can be picked up by standing over one and pressing the attack button. Weapons have limited uses and will disappear if the player is disarmed by an enemy too much or when the player moves to a new area.
In the home version, only three (Makai, Iyo, and Belva) out of the six characters are playable, and the other three (Kurokishi, Zeldia, and Tulks) were turned into bosses; one stage was also removed.
Plot
In the year 2079, there is a country in the far east where a super computer controls all of the information in its cities, and crimestopping was supposed to be perfect. However, criminals who can not be found by the control system, called Ghosts, have infiltrated the country. The government has set up a special police organization, Ghost Chaser, to stop Ghost terrorists.
Release
It was released with the title Ghost Chaser Densei for the Super Famicom home console on September 23, 1994 and was published by Banpresto. In 1995, the game received a sequel, , also known as . In 2017 the game was fan translated into English.
Reception
French magazine Joypad gave Ghost Chaser for the Super Famicom a review score of 72%. According to Kurt Kalata of Hardcore Gaming 101, the home version is overall "playable, but definitely a weak port."
References
External links
Ghost Chaser Densei at MobyGames
Denjin Makai and Ghost Chaser Densei at GameFAQs
1994 video games
Arcade video games
Banpresto games
Bandai Namco Entertainment franchises
Cooperative video games
Cyberpunk video games
Side-scrolling beat 'em ups
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Video games about police officers
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games set in the 2070s
Winkysoft games
Riva Castleman (August 15, 1930 – September 4, 2014) was an American art historian, art curator, and author who is credited with promoting the mediums of printmaking and illustrated books as serious forms of fine art. From 1976–95 they were Director of the Department of Prints and Illustrated Books at the Museum of Modern Art in Manhattan.
Life and career
Born Esther Riva Castleman in Chicago, Castleman was the daughter of William Castleman and Ann Castleman (née Steinberg). Them father was a printer and progressive activist who shared their love for printing and art with their daughter; passions which informed Castleman's career. After studying art and art history at the University of Iowa and the New York University Institute of Fine Arts, they joined the staff at the Museum of Modern Art (MoMa) in New York as a cataloger. They later became the director of MoMa's department of prints and illustrated books in 1976, a post they held until their retirement in 1995.
During Castleman's tenure at MoMa, they acquired many works by the world's leading printmakers, including Helen Frankenthaler, Robert Indiana, Jasper Johns, Robert Rauschenberg, Larry Rivers, Edward Ruscha, and Andy Warhol among others. The New York Times said that they "built the world's pre-eminent collection of modern and contemporary prints". They also penned several books in relation to printmaking, including Contemporary Prints (1973), Prints of the 20th Century: A History (1976), American Impressions: Prints Since Pollock (1985), Jasper Johns: A Print Retrospective (1987), and Tatyana Grosman: A Scrapbook (2008).
The patronage schemes Castleman initiated for the print department were equally innovative. They founded Print Associates in 1975, a collectors' group charged with helping to fund acquisitions and organize programmes for MoMA's print department. Riva instituted endowments allocated to print acquisitions for MoMA, an initiative not previously undertaken by any curatorial department at the Museum. Both of these systems of support established by Castleman for MoMA's print department have been adopted by other major museums.
They died at the age of 84 in Bridgewater, Connecticut on September 4, 2014.
References
1930 births
2014 deaths
American art historians
American art curators
New York University Institute of Fine Arts alumni
University of Iowa alumni
Women art historians
American women historians
21st-century American women
American women curators
Victoria University may refer to:
Victoria University of Wellington
University of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
Victoria University, Melbourne, Australia
Victoria University of Bangladesh
Victoria University, Toronto, Canada
Victoria University (United Kingdom), a former federal university in England
Victoria University, Leeds, a former college of the federal Victoria University (United Kingdom), now the University of Leeds
Victoria University, Liverpool, a former college of the federal Victoria University (United Kingdom), now the University of Liverpool
Victoria University of Manchester, a former college of the federal Victoria University (United Kingdom), now merged into the University of Manchester
Victoria University Uganda
SC Victoria University, a football team in Uganda
See also
Victoria College (disambiguation)
University of Vic - Central University of Catalonia, Spain
Uvic (disambiguation)
VU (disambiguation)
Victoria (disambiguation)
Braidwood, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales was created in 1859 and abolished in 1904.
Election results
Elections in the 1900s
1901
Elections in the 1890s
1898
1895
1894
1891
Elections in the 1880s
1889
1887
1885
1882
1880
Elections in the 1870s
1877
1874–75
1872
1870 by-election
Elections in the 1860s
1869–70
1869 by-election
1864–65
1864 by-election
1860
1860 by-election
Elections in the 1850s
1859
References
New South Wales state electoral results by district
The 2007 Chinese Grand Prix (officially the 2007 Formula 1 Sinopec Chinese Grand Prix) was the sixteenth race of the 2007 FIA Formula One World Championship. It was held on 7 October 2007 at Shanghai International Circuit, Shanghai, China. The race was won by Ferrari's Kimi Räikkönen with Fernando Alonso finishing second and Felipe Massa finishing third. Championship leader Lewis Hamilton retired from the race after going off at a wet pit entrance on worn tyres left them stuck in the gravel. Räikkönen's win marked the 200th Grand Prix victory for Scuderia Ferrari.
Report
Background
Going into the race, Lewis Hamilton of McLaren led the Drivers' Championship by 12 points from their team-mate Fernando Alonso, after Alonso crashed in Fuji Speedway. Ferrari's Kimi Räikkönen was the other driver who mathematically had a chance of winning the championship, trailing Hamilton by 17 points. To clinch the championship, Hamilton needed to finish within one point of their team-mate Alonso and within 6 points of Räikkönen. Whatever the result, Hamilton would still be leading the championship after the race.
The weather conditions at the track were affected by Typhoon Krosa which hit the east coast of China.
Qualifying
Sebastian Vettel was facing a drop of ten places on the grid for their collision with Mark Webber in the previous race (the Japanese Grand Prix), but this punishment was reduced to a reprimand. However, the Toro Rosso driver was then dropped five places on the grid for impeding Heikki Kovalainen during qualifying.
The Spykers of Adrian Sutil and Sakon Yamamoto were both eliminated in the first qualifying session, along with Takuma Sato in the Super Aguri, Alexander Wurz in their final race for Williams, Giancarlo Fisichella in the Renault and Rubens Barrichello in the Honda. However, Vettel's penalty caused them to be relegated behind Barrichello. In the second session, Nico Rosberg in the second Williams, Anthony Davidson in the Super Aguri, Heikki Kovalainen in the Renault, Jarno Trulli in the Toyota and the two Toro Rossos of Vettel and Vitantonio Liuzzi were eliminated.
The final session saw Jenson Button come 10th in a rare top ten qualification. The two BMW Saubers were 8th and 9th, with Nick Heidfeld ahead of Robert Kubica. The Red Bulls of David Coulthard and Mark Webber did very well, qualifying 5th and 7th respectively. They were separated by Ralf Schumacher's Toyota. As usual in the 2007 season, the Ferraris and McLarens occupied the top 4 spots in qualifying, with the Italian team's Felipe Massa pipping McLaren's Fernando Alonso, to third place.
Although Kimi Räikkönen of Ferrari had been the fastest driver in all three practice sessions and in the first two sessions of qualifying, Lewis Hamilton managed to beat this time in their McLaren during the third qualifying session and therefore earned the pole position, the 6th of their career.
Race
From the morning of the race onwards, conditions at the circuit were wet; this forced all drivers to use intermediate tyres. After the start of the race, the top four remained the same as on the grid with Lewis Hamilton leading in the McLaren from Kimi Räikkönen in the Ferrari, their teammate Felipe Massa and the other McLaren of Fernando Alonso. Vitantonio Liuzzi was the biggest winner from the start in their Toro Rosso, passing Jenson Button's Honda, Robert Kubica in the BMW Sauber and the Red Bull of Mark Webber on lap 1. They also passed Kubica's teammate Nick Heidfeld before too long to run sixth. Ralf Schumacher had their Toyota knocked from behind at the first corner, and slipped to the back of the field.
Anthony Davidson, who had qualified strongly, was the first retirement on lap 11, after their Super Aguri suffered a brake failure. They had already dropped down to twentieth position. Adrian Sutil was the next to drop out in the Spyker, also from twentieth, after they spun in the wet conditions on lap 25. Schumacher, recovering from their earlier incident, had made it up to twelfth on lap 22, before they spun twice and eventually retired on lap 26.
As the track dried Hamilton began to suffer from tyre wear. With their pit stop imminent, McLaren elected to keep Hamilton out and stick to the original strategy. This turned out to be a detrimental choice, because by lap 31, Räikkönen had passed Hamilton when the latter ran wide, allowing Räikkönen to take the lead. Hamilton had to come into the pits. This should not have been a problem, however, as they would still have had enough points to secure the World Championship, had they remained in that position. However, as they entered the pit lane with their tyres worn down to the canvas, they failed to negotiate the sharp left-hander into the pits, beaching their car in the gravel. Despite marshal's efforts to get them back into the race, they suffered the first retirement of their career.
An effective strategy from the BMW Sauber team benefited Robert Kubica, who was propelled into the lead after the Hamilton incident. It was short-lived, however, because after one lap, a hydraulics failure deprived them and the BMW Sauber team of a potential first victory each. This left Räikkönen leading from Alonso, who had overtaken Massa in the pitstops, and Jenson Button.
Räikkönen eventually came home to win comfortably from Alonso, who after having pulled out a considerable lead from Massa was later pulled back until the Brazilian finished less than three seconds behind him. This result ensured the World Drivers' Championship would be decided in the one remaining round - the . Sebastian Vettel of Toro Rosso managed to overtake Button in the closing stages to claim fourth place after they had started seventeenth. Their one-stop strategy gave them the best result of their career thus far. Button came home fifth, the best result of the season for both them and the Honda team. Liuzzi brought the other Toro Rosso home in sixth place, the team's best result of its career. Nick Heidfeld was seventh in the BMW Sauber, and David Coulthard held on for the final points position in the Red Bull despite late pressure from Heikki Kovalainen's Renault
Alexander Wurz finished twelfth in the Williams, and announced their immediate retirement from Formula One the day after the race. Williams announced that they would be replaced by Kazuki Nakajima for the last race of the season.
Classification
Qualifying
Notes
– Sebastian Vettel took a five-place grid penalty for impeding another driver.
Race
Championship standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Constructors' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
Bold text indicates competitors who still had a theoretical chance of becoming World Champion.
References
External links
Detailed Chinese Grand Prix results
China
Grand Prix
Chinese Grand Prix
Chinese Grand Prix
Scorguie (; , meaning "The Windy Ridge") is an area of the city of Inverness in the Highland council area of Scotland. It is situated in the city's north-west, on the west bank of the Caledonian Canal, and is often considered a suburb to the city.
For most of the city's history, Scorguie was a large tract of farmland tied to an area known as "Knockgurr". Throughout the 19th century it was owned by the Duffs of Muirtown, along with a small portion of nearby Merkinch. The farm appears in a court report from 1857, in which it states crofters renting the land were to pay "£90 a year" (roughly £9,200 today).
After centuries of existence as pastureland, housing projects in Scorguie began sometime after the Second World War. As of 2018, the population is close to 3,000, with roughly 1,500 individual dwellings.
Scorguie is home to Moray Firth Radio (MFR) station, established in 1982 as the Highland's first major radio station. The neighbourhood also contains Muirtown Primary School, with high school students attending Charleston Academy in neighbouring Kinmylies.
References
Areas of Inverness
Chajka (Czajka) (d. after 14 November 1781), mistress of the Polish king Stanisław August Poniatowski. They were a Pole of Jewish ancestry.
They were daughter of the Jewish merchant Abramek Lwowski (Abramek of Lwów) and lived in Żwaniec. In 1781, they were painted by Krzysztof Radzwiłłowski. Czajka had a daughter named Elia (Ella).
See also
Esterka
Paradisus Judaeorum
Sources
Mistresses of Stanisław August Poniatowski
18th-century Polish Jews
Jewish concubines
Harouna Kaboré (born 24 July 1977) is a Burkinabé politician.  They are currently the Minister of Commerce, Industry and Handicrafts.
Biography
Harouna Kaboré was born on 24 July 1977 in Assuéfry, Ivory Coast. Harouna Kaboré studied in the Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso, then in France. They obtained a professional license in multi-technical maintenance engineering at the Paris XII University (present-day Paris-Est Créteil University) in 2006.
In 2010, they came back to Burkina Faso to "participate in the economic and social transformations of the motherland". They created their first two entreprises and another in the Ivory Coast.
On 31 January 2018, Harouna Kaboré was appointed the Minister of Commerce, Industry and Handicrafts, replacing Stéphane Sanou. They took office on 5 February.
On 19 January 2019, they resigned together with other members of Thieba cabinet. On 25 January, they were reappointed as the Minister of Commerce, Industry and Handicrafts.
References
1977 births
Living people
People from Zanzan District
Trade ministers of Burkina Faso
Industry ministers of Burkina Faso
21st-century Burkinabé people
Charles Ellis Moore (January 3, 1884 – April 2, 1941) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1919 to 1933.
Biography
Born near Middlebourne, Ohio, Moore attended the common schools and Mount Union College, Alliance, Ohio. They taught school in Oxford Township, Ohio. They then graduated from Muskingum College, New Concord, Ohio, in 1907 and from the College of Law at Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, in 1910. They were admitted to the bar in 1910.
Moore began their career as an attorney in Cambridge, Ohio. They also served as prosecuting attorney of Guernsey County (1914–1918).
Moore was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth and to the six succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1919 – March 3, 1933). They were one of the managers appointed by the House of Representatives in 1926 to conduct the impeachment proceedings against George W. English, judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Illinois.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress. They resumed the practice of law in Cambridge, Ohio. They also engaged in the banking business.
Moore died in Cambridge on April 2, 1941. They were interred in Northwood Cemetery.
Sources
1884 births
1941 deaths
University of Mount Union alumni
Muskingum University alumni
Ohio State University Moritz College of Law alumni
People from Cambridge, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
20th-century American politicians
People from Guernsey County, Ohio
20th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Charles Reade (8 June 1814 – 11 April 1884) was an English novelist and dramatist, best known for The Cloister and the Hearth.
Life
Charles Reade was born at Ipsden, Oxfordshire, to John Reade and Anne Marie Scott-Waring, and had at least four brothers. They studied at Magdalen College, Oxford, taking their B.A. in 1835, and became a fellow of their college. They were subsequently dean of arts and vice-president, taking their degree of D.C.L. in 1847. Their name was entered at Lincoln's Inn in 1836; they were elected Vinerian Fellow in 1842, and was called to the bar in 1843. They kept their fellowship at Magdalen all their life but, after taking their degree, they spent most of their time in London. William Winwood Reade, the influential historian, was their nephew.
Writings
Reade began their literary career as a dramatist, and they chose to have "dramatist" stand first in the list of their occupations on their tombstone. As an author, they always had an eye to stage effect in scenes and situations as well as in dialogue. Their first comedy, The Ladies' Battle, appeared at the Olympic Theatre in May 1851. It was followed by Angela (1851), A Village Tale (1852), The Lost Husband (1852), and Gold (1853).
But Reade's reputation was made by the two-act comedy, Masks and Faces, in which they collaborated with Tom Taylor. It was produced in November 1852, and later was expanded into three acts. By the advice of the actor, Laura Seymour, they turned the play into a prose story which appeared in 1853 as Peg Woffington. The same year they wrote Christie Johnstone, a close study of Scottish fisher folk. In 1854 they produced, in conjunction with Tom Taylor, Two Loves and a Life, and The King's Rival, and, unaided, The Courier of Lyons (well known under its later title, The Lyons Mail) and their adaptation of Tobias Smollett's Peregrine Pickle. In the next year appeared Art (1855), afterwards known as Nance Oldfield.
They made their name as a novelist in 1856, when they published It Is Never Too Late to Mend, a novel written to reform abuses in prison discipline and the treatment of criminals. The truth of some details was challenged, and Reade defended themselves vigorously. Five more novels followed in quick succession: The Course of True Love Never Did Run Smooth (1857), White Lies (1857), Jack of all Trades (1858), The Autobiography of a Thief (1858), and Love Me Little, Love Me Long (1859). White Lies started as a translation of Auguste Maquet's play Le Château de Grantier. After managers declined the manuscript, Reade adapted the story, weaving it into a novel which was serialised in The London Journal and published in three volumes the same year. They produced an adaptation of this on stage as The Double Marriage in 1867.
In 1861 Reade published what would become their most famous work, based on a few lines by the medieval humanist Erasmus about the life of their parents. The novel began life as a serial in Once a Week in 1859 under the title "A Good Fight", but when Reade disagreed with the proprietors of the magazine over some of the contentious subject matter (principally the unmarried pregnancy of the hero), they abruptly curtailed the serialisation with a false happy ending. Reade continued to work on the novel and published it in 1861, thoroughly revised and extended, as The Cloister and the Hearth. It became recognised as one of the most successful historical novels. Returning from the 15th century to modern English life, they next produced Hard Cash (originally published as Very Hard Cash) (1863), in which they highlighted the abuses of private lunatic asylums. Three more such novels followed: Foul Play (1869), in which they exposed the iniquities of ship-knackers, and paved the way for the labours of Samuel Plimsoll; Put Yourself in Their Place (1870), in which they dealt with trade unions; and A Woman-Hater (1877), in which they continued their commentary on trade unions while also tackling the topic of women doctors. The Wandering Heir (1875), of which they also wrote a version for the stage, was suggested by the Tichborne Case.
Reade also published three elaborate studies of character: Griffith Gaunt (1866), A Terrible Temptation (1871), A Simpleton (1873). They rated the first of these as their best novel. At intervals throughout their literary career, they sought to gratify their dramatic ambition, hiring a theatre and engaging a company for the production of their plays. An example of their persistence was seen in the case of Foul Play. They wrote this in 1869 in combination with Dion Boucicault with a view to stage adaptation. The play was more or less a failure; but they produced another version alone in 1877, under the title of A Scuttled Ship, which was a notable failure. Their greatest success as a dramatist attended their last attempt—Drink—an adaptation of Émile Zola's L'Assommoir, produced in 1879, and made into the film Drink in 1917.
In that year their friend Laura Seymour, who may have been their mistress and had kept house for them since 1854, died. Reade's health failed from that time. On their death, they left behind them a completed novel, A Perilous Secret, which showed they were still skilled in the arts of weaving a complicated plot and devising thrilling situations. Reade was an amateur of the violin, and among their works is an essay on Cremona violins with the title, "A Lost Art Revived." Reade is buried alongside Laura Seymour, in the churchyard of St. Mary's Church, Willesden, in north-west London.
Reade subtitled a number of their novels "A matter-of-fact romance"; this referred to their practice of basing their novels largely on newspaper cuttings, which they began collecting for this purpose in 1848. They also conducted their own research, observing prisons personally, for example, as well as borrowing at times heavily from other novelists' works. They admitted the public freely to the secrets of their method of composition: they spoke about their method in their prefaces, they introduced themselves into one of their novels, as Dr Rolfe in A Terrible Temptation, and in their will, they left their workshop and their accumulation of materials open for inspection for two years after their death. The collection was extensive and well-organized, and they had planned to use it as a basis for an unrealized work in "the wisdom and folly of nations," dealing with social, political and domestic details.
Reade's novels were popular, and they were among England's highest-paid novelists. However, many libraries refused to carry their works on the grounds that they were indecent.
Reputation
Reade fell out of fashion by the turn of the century—"it is unusual to meet anyone who has voluntarily read him," wrote George Orwell in an essay on Reade—but during the 19th century Reade was one of England's most popular novelists. They were not highly regarded by critics. The following assessment by Justin McCarthy, writing in 1872, is typical:A strong, healthy air of honest and high purpose breathes through nearly all the stories. An utter absence of cant, affectation, and sham distinguishes them. A surprising variety of descriptive power, at once bold, broad, and realistic is one of their great merits. Mr. Reade can describe a sea-fight, a storm, the forging of a horseshoe, the ravages of an inundation, the trimming of a lady's dress, the tuning of a piano, with equal accuracy and apparent zest. . . .
Mr. Reade wants no quality which is necessary to make a powerful story-teller, while they are distinguished from all mere story-tellers by the fact that they have some great social object to serve in nearly everything they undertake to detail. More than this I do not believe they are, nor, despite the evidences of something yet higher which were given in 'Christie Johnstone' and 'The Cloister and the Hearth,' do I think they ever could have been.  They are a magnificent specimen of the modern special correspondent, endowed with the additional and unique gift of a faculty for throwing their report into the form of a thrilling story. But it requires something more than this, something higher than this, to make a great novelist whom the world will always remember. Mr. Reade is unsurpassed in the second class of English novelists, but they do not belong to the front rank. Their success has been great in its way, but it is for an age and not for time.
The author George Orwell summed up Reade's attraction as "the same charm as one finds in R. Austin Freeman's detective stories or Lieutenant-Commander Gould's collections of curiosities—the charm of useless knowledge," going on to say that
Reade was a man of what one might call penny-encyclopaedic learning. They possessed vast stocks of disconnected information which a lively narrative gift allowed them to cram into books which would at any rate pass as novels. If you have the sort of mind that takes a pleasure in dates, lists, catalogues, concrete details, descriptions of processes, junk-shop windows and back numbers of the Exchange and Mart, the sort of mind that likes knowing exactly how a medieval catapult worked or just what objects a prison cell of the eighteen-forties contained, then you can hardly help to enjoy Reade.
During their career, the prolific Reade was involved in several literary feuds involving accusations of plagiarism. They strongly defended himself, but invoked standards on literary borrowing that are looser than those of today. Reade is frequently discussed in studies of evolving attitudes toward plagiarism.
Reade is credited with the quote: "Sow a thought, and you reap an act; Sow an act, and you reap a habit; Sow a habit, and you reap a character; Sow a character, and you reap a destiny". These days it is often adapted to:
"Mind your thoughts for they become your words; mind your words for they become your actions; mind your actions for they become your habits; mind your habits for they become your character; mind your character for it becomes your destiny."(This was used in the film, The Iron Lady (2011), spoken by Meryl Streep playing Margaret Thatcher, the former Prime Minister.)
Reade's newspaper cuttings, notebooks and correspondence are held at The London Library.
Marriage and family
Reade and their late wife had an adopted daughter. They cut off relations with them after they eloped at age sixteen with an actor. After their husband abandoned her, they worked as an actor for a number of years. They performed 2000 times in a production of Reade's It Is Never Too Late to Mend. They wound up destitute in a workhouse in Kent.
Allusions
Ira Gershwin's lyric "It's never too late to Mendelssohn...", which appears in both Oh, Kay! and Lady in the Dark, is a play on the title of Reade's book.
John Betjeman's poem "In Willesden Churchyard" includes a reference to "Laura Seymour's grave-/ 'So long the loyal counsellor and friend'/Of that Charles Reade whose coffin lies with hers/Was they their mistress?" followed by a long imagined passage about their possible relationship.
Works
Gold! (1853, play)
Masks and Faces (1852, play)
Peg Woffington (1853, novel)
Christie Johnstone (1853, novel)
The Courier of Lyons (1854, play. Also known as The Lyons Mail)
Clouds and Sunshine and Arts (1855)
It Is Never Too Late to Mend (1856, novel)
The Course of True Love Never Did Run Smooth (1857)
White Lies (1857, novel)
The Box Tunnel (1857, short story. Only published in book form in America)
Autobiography of a Thief (1858, novelette about a train robbery)
(novelette about the elephant Mademoiselle D'Jeck)
Love Me Little, Love Me Long (1859, novel)
A Good Fight and Other Tales (1859)
The Eighth Commandment (1860)
The Cloister and the Hearth (1861)
Hard Cash (1863, novel)
Griffith Gaunt; or, Jealousy (1866, novel)
Foul Play (1869, novel)
Put Yourself in Their Place (1870, novel)
A Terrible Temptation (1871, novel)
Shilly-Shally (1872, unauthorized stage adaptation of Anthony Trollope's Ralph the Heir)
A Simpleton (1873)
The Wandering Heir (1873)
Trade Malice (1875)
A Woman Hater (1877)
Golden Crowns (1877)
The Lyons Mail (1877)
Single Heart and Double Face (1884, novel)
A Perilous Secret (1884, novel)
Notes
References
Diamond, Michael (2003). Victorian Sensation, Or, the Spectacular, the Shocking, and the Scandalous in Nineteenth-Century Britain. London: Anthem , pp. 209–211,236–239
Reade, Charles L., and Compton Reade (1887). Charles Reade, Dramatist, Novelist, Journalist: A Memoir. London: Chapman and Hall.
The entry contains a detailed assessment of their methods by the anonymous author.
Further reading
Buchanan, Robert (1887). "Charles Reade: A Souvenir." In: A Look Round Literature. London: Ward & Downey, pp. 308–313.
Coleman, John (1903). Charles Reade as I Knew Him. London: Treherne & Company.
Dawson, William James (1905). "Charles Reade." In: The Makers of English Fiction. New York: F.H. Revell Co., pp. 164–178.
Howells, William Dean (1895). "Charles Reade." In: My Literary Passions. New York: Harper & Brothers, pp. 191–197.
Murray, David Christie (1897). "Charles Reade." In: My Contemporaries in Fiction. London: Chatto & Windus, pp. 16–31.
Purnell, Thomas (1871). "Mr. Charles Reade." In: Dramatists of the Present Day. London: Chapman & Hall, pp. 127–140.
Quiller-Couch, A.T. (1896). "Charles Reade." In: Adventures in Criticism. London: Cassell & Company, pp. 129–136.
Swinburne, Algernon Charles (1886). "Charles Reade." In: Miscellanies. London: Chatto & Windus, pp. 271–302.
External links
Charles Reade Collection. General Collection, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library.
Charles Reade Collection at the Harry Ransom Center.
19th-century English novelists
Victorian novelists
1814 births
1884 deaths
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Fellows of Magdalen College, Oxford
Members of Lincoln's Inn
English male dramatists and playwrights
English male novelists
19th-century English dramatists and playwrights
English historical novelists
Writers of historical fiction set in the Middle Ages
Abdus Selim (born 19 September 1945) is a Bangladeshi academic, writer and translator. They were awarded Bangla Academy Literary Award in 2015 in the translation category and Shaheed Muneir Chowdhury Award in 2010 for their contribution to theatre.  They are currently a faculty member of the Department of English Language-Literature at Central Women's University.
Background
Selim completed their bachelor's and master's in English from the University of Dhaka. They got their breakthrough in translation work by translating Bertolt Brecht's Life of Galileo in 1975 on a request by film director Masihuddin Shaker and was published in 1979. Nagorik Natya Sampradaya theatre group staged the play under the direction of Ataur Rahman in 1988.
Career
Selim taught at the teachers' training college in Libya as well as in England, United States and Germany. They occasionally teach the Aesthetics of Theatre at Ramendu Majumdar's theatre school. They served as the vice-president and an executive body member of International Theatre Institute. They were a faculty member of the English Department at North South University.
Majority of the drama plays translated by Selim have been directed by Ataur Rahman.
Translation works
Life of Galileo, Mother Courage and Them Children and Round Heads and Pointed Heads by Bertolt Brecht
Lady from the Sea by Henrik Ibsen
One Hundred Sacks of Rice by Yūzō Yamamoto
The Homecoming and The Birthday Party by Harold Pinter
Play with a Tiger by Doris Lessing
Nocturnal Wanderer by Gao Xingjian
Merchant of Venice by William Shakespeare
Would-be Gentleman by Moliere
The Mousetrap by Agatha Christie
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Caroll
The Government Inspector of Nikolai Gogol
Awards
Bangla Academy Literary Award (2005)
Uchimura Prize (2008)
Shaheed Muneir Chowdhury Award (2010)
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
People from Chuadanga District
University of Dhaka alumni
Bangladeshi male writers
North South University faculty
Bangladeshi translators
Recipients of Bangla Academy Award
Jerauld Armington Manter (December 30, 1889 – August 21, 1990) was an American professor of ornithology and entomology at the University of Connecticut from 1912 to 1953. They were UConn's unofficial photographer, taking thousands of photos documenting university history and life.
Life and career
Manter was born on December 30, 1889, in Londonderry, New Hampshire. Their father was a farmer and operated a sawmill. The Manter family moved to Manchester when Manter was six years old. They graduated from Manchester High School and attended the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts (now the University of New Hampshire) from 1908 to 1912. Manter was offered a teaching and laboratory assistant position at the Connecticut Agricultural College by President Charles L. Beach, who hired them without an interview or even meeting him. They joined UConn in the fall of 1912. They taught zoology, with a focus on insects and birds, at the university until their retirement in 1953 after 41 years of service.
Manter was a lifelong photographer who spent five decades documenting all aspects of university life and history as well as the town and residents of Storrs. Manter owned the first movie camera in town, taught using their own films, and videoed football games and other events. "Manter has made a contribution to this institution that cannot be matched. Their photographic history alone is worth every penny we ever paid him," President Albert N. Jorgensen told Provost Albert Waugh in 1947, according to Waugh's diary. Manter never accepted compensation for their photos. As of 2020, their huge photographic collection of 136,060 prints and negatives is held at the University of Connecticut Archives and Special Collections.
Manter also took countless photographs of animals and birds, some of which illustrated their book Birds of Storrs, Connecticut and Vicinity (1965 and 1975 editions). Almost four hundred of their photos of early New England church architecture are featured in the book Meetinghouse and Church in Early New England (1963) by Manter's friend Edmund Ware Sinnott. Their photographs also illustrate the book Homemaking for the Handicapped (1966) by Elizabeth Eckhardt May.
Personal life
Friend and fellow entomologist James A. Slater described Manter as "the epitome of the quiet, competent, unassuming New Englander." Manter was active in the community, leading Boy Scout troops and wartime scrap paper drives. They were nicknamed "Jed" by their closest friends. They were known for their knack, developed over many years, of predicting bird migration patterns—"his accuracy was legend on campus," reported the Hartford Courant.
Manter married Florence Goodwin Manter (1890–1964) a few years after they commenced employment at UConn. The couple had three children: Audrey M., Jerauld T., and Stanley P.
Following retirement, Manter remained an active photographer and continued to live on Gurleyville Road in Storrs. They died at Windham Hospital in Mansfield at the age of 100. They were interred in Storrs Cemetery, on a hill overlooking campus. Manter was survived by two of their children, Audrey and Jerauld. They were predeceased by their wife and a son, Stanley.
Legacy
In 2019, UConn renamed the Horsebarn Hill Road Extension to Manter Road in their honor. A species of fungus gnat is named after him: the Apemon manteri, which entomologist Charles Willison Johnson discovered in 1930 in Mansfield while collecting specimens with Manter along the Willimantic River.
References
American ornithologists
American entomologists
1889 births
1990 deaths
University of Connecticut faculty
Photographers from Connecticut
University of New Hampshire alumni
People from Londonderry, New Hampshire
20th-century American zoologists
Cedar Grove is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Buildbox is a no-code development platform focused on game creation without programming, coding or scripting. The core audience for the software is entrepreneurs, designers and other gaming enthusiast without prior game development or coding knowledge.
It was acquired by AppOnboard in June 2019.
Buildbox was founded by Trey Smith in August 2014 with the goal "to democratize game development and create a way for anyone to be able to create video games without having to code" It is a cross platform development tool that can be run on both Windows Operating System and OSX. Primarily used to create mobile apps, Buildbox exports finalized games to iOS, Android, Amazon Mobile Devices, Amazon TV, Mac, PC and Steam.
The main features of Buildbox are the image drop wheel, asset bar, option bar, collision editor, scene editor, monetization options and sliders that change the physics within the game. While using Buildbox, users also get access to over 20,000 game assets, sound effects and animations.
One of the main advantages of the app is the Creator Menu where person can create the skeleton of the game. Then the user can change or edit the character or multiple characters from the character settings, edit or change environmental settings (gravity, friction) create multiple worlds and levels, create a coin system, power ups, checkpoints, change the user interface and buttons with Node Editor Menu, animate objects, create banner and video ads, export for different platforms with one click, store the source code and edit character and object components.
Buildbox 3
Buildbox 3 officially launched in May 2019, with a number of new features, including an in-depth, step-by-step tutorial for beginners as well as 14 new smart assets and 40 new nodes along with the dozens already available in the library. The latest version of Buildbox is version 3.2.2 , which was released on 10 June 2020.
See also
Game engine
List of game engines
No-code development platform
References
External links
Video game engines
Video game development software
IPhone video game engines
Holiday Peak () is a peak over high standing between the lower ends of Miers Glacier and Adams Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was so named by the New Zealand Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, because of its prominent position overlooking the expedition's Christmas camp.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The Préludes flasques (pour un chien) – Flabby Preludes (For a Dog) – is a set of four piano pieces composed in July 1912 by Erik Satie. In performance it lasts about 5 minutes.
The work demonstrates Satie's attempts to reconcile the linear contrapuntal style they had acquired through their recent studies at the Schola Cantorum in Paris with their natural sense of wit and fantasy. It was to have been the first of their series of humoristic piano suites (1912-1915), but the composer withdrew the score after it was rejected for publication. They then wrote a second set of pieces on the same theme, the Veritables Preludes flasques (pour un chien) (1912), which proved a breakthrough in Satie's career and creative development. The original Préludes flasques were presumed lost for decades and would not see print until 1967.
History
Satie was never a pet-owner, but their fondness for dogs is well known. Stray mongrels they occasionally fed and sheltered were the only visitors they allowed inside their one-room Arcueil apartment during the 27 years they lived there. And among the random jottings in their composition notebooks can be found Blaise Pascal's famous quote, "The more I see of Mankind, the more I prefer my dog." As early as 1907 they considered calling the second movement of their Nouvelles pièces froides a Suite pour un chien ("Suite for a Dog").
Independent Satie scholar Ornella Volta believed the composer was inspired to dedicate a piece of music to a canine by one of their favorite books, Gargantua and Pantagruel by François Rabelais. In the preface to Gargantua, Rabelais paraphrased the ancient philosopher Socrates to urge readers to look beyond the "curious" titles of written works and explore their contents, just as a dog chews an unappetizing-looking bone to extract the marrow. The idea stayed with Satie long after they had completed their sets of preludes pour un chien. They would later tell author Jean Cocteau, "I want to write a play for dogs, and I already have my set design: the curtain rises on a bone."
The first three of the Préludes flasques (pour un chien) were completed in Paris between July 11 and July 23, 1912; the fourth was finished by the end of the month. Satie informed their friend Claude Debussy they were going to name the concluding piece Sous la futaille ("Bottom of the Barrel"), a title Debussy found so offensive that Satie changed it to Avec camaraderie ("With Friendship"). They may already have been dissatisfied with the work as it stood. After the publisher Durand rejected the score in the first week of August, Satie told their protégé Alexis Roland-Manuel, "I am going to destroy the Préludes flasques, and begin anew." They followed through on the second part of this statement with the Véritables préludes flasques (pour un chien), which they completed by August 23 and successfully sold to Demets in September.
In their 1948 biography of Satie, Rollo H. Myers cited Roland-Manuel when they wrote, "It is perhaps not generally known that Satie destroyed the original version of the Préludes flasques...and re-wrote them under the title, which they now bear, of Véritables préludes flasques." In reality Satie was not inclined to dispose of their manuscripts, regardless of what they told Roland-Manuel, and a wealth of unpublished material was retrieved from their squalid flat after their death. Robert Caby discovered the autograph of the Préludes flasques among the composer's papers at the Bibliothèque nationale de France, and edited it for publication by Max Eschig in 1967. The first recording was by pianist Aldo Ciccolini in 1968 (Angel Records).
Music
The Préludes flasques consist of four pieces:
1. Voix d'intérieur (Voices Within)
2. Idylle cynique (Cynical Idyll)
3. Chanson canine (Canine Song)
4. Avec camaraderie (With Camaraderie)
There is nothing "flabby" about these preludes, which are lean, dry, and sharply contrapuntal. The harmonies are occasionally bitonal. They were written with conventional bar lines and time signatures, though Satie might have removed them at the proof stage (as they would in their later piano music) had they been accepted for publication. The first two pieces are pensive in mood. Stomping dissonances invade and finish off the lively Chanson canine; a whiff of the music hall can be detected in Avec camaraderie, with its dancelike rhythms and popular-sounding main theme. Apart from some of the titles there are no overt attempts at humor.
The primary difference between this abandoned set and the subsequent humoristic piano suites is its four-part structure. Beginning with the Véritables préludes flasques Satie would revert to their old "trinitarian obsession" (evident from such early works as the Sarabandes and Gymnopédies) and construct their piano music in groups of three.
Other posthumous Préludes
Satie's 1912 notebooks pertaining to the Préludes flasques yielded four additional preludes, two of them grouped under the title Deux Préludes pour un chien. Robert Caby edited No. 2 of the latter set and published it as Prélude canin, No. 4 of their posthumous Satie collection Six Pièces de la période 1906-1913 (Salabert, 1968). The two unnamed preludes were also edited by Caby and published under their own title, Deux Rêveries nocturnes (Salabert, 1968).
Recordings
Aldo Ciccolini (twice, in 1968 for Angel Records and 1988 for EMI); Jean-Joël Barbier (Universal Classics France, 1971); Grant Johannesen (Vox, 1976); Yūji Takahashi (Denon, 1979); France Clidat (Forlane, 1984); Jean-Pierre Armengaud (Circé, 1990, reissued 2000); Michel Legrand (Erato, 1993); Klára Körmendi (Naxos, 1993); Bojan Gorišek (Audiophile Classics, 1994); Olof Höjer (Swedish Society Discofil, 1996); Jean-Yves Thibaudet (Decca, 2003); Cristina Ariagno (Brilliant Classics, 2006) and Jeroen van Veen (Brilliant Classics 2016).
Notes and references
External links
Compositions by Erik Satie
Compositions for solo piano
1912 compositions
Edward Fenwick Dickinson (January 21, 1829 – August 25, 1891) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1869 to 1871. They were the son of Rodolphus Dickinson.
Biography
Born in Fremont, Ohio, the son of Rodolphus Dickinson and Marguerite Beaugrand Dickinson, Dickinson attended the public schools. They graduated from St. Xavier College, Cincinnati, Ohio, where they had studied law. After they were admitted to the bar, they commenced practice in Fremont, Ohio. Dickinson served as prosecuting attorney of Sandusky County, Ohio from 1852 until their resignation two years later.
On 1852 they married Henrietta R. Mitchner. They had three children.
During the Civil War, they served in the Union Army as a lieutenant. Later, they were promoted to captain and served as regimental quartermaster of Company G, Eighth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry. When the war ended, Dickinson became a probate judge of Sandusky County from 1866 until 1869.
Dickinson was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-first Congress (March 4, 1869 – March 3, 1871). However, they were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1870. Because of this, they resumed the practice of their profession.
Dickinson was elected mayor of Fremont in 1871, 1873 and 1875. They again served as probate judge of Sandusky County from 1877 to 1879 and from 1885 until their death. They died in Fremont, Ohio in 1891 and was interred in Oakwood Cemetery.
Sources
1829 births
1891 deaths
People from Fremont, Ohio
Union Army officers
Xavier University alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio state court judges
Mayors of places in Ohio
Probate court judges in the United States
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Lassaba acribomena is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Louis Beethoven Prout in 1928. It is found in Sumatra, Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo and possibly the Philippines.
External links
Moths of Asia
Boarmiini
A 110 block is a type of punch-down block used to terminate runs of on-premises wiring in a structured cabling system. The designation 110 is also used to describe a type of insulation displacement contact (IDC) connector used to terminate twisted pair cables, which uses a punch-down tool similar to the type used for the older 66 blocks.
Usage
Telephone distribution
Early residential telephone systems used simple screw terminals to join cables to sockets in a tree topology. These screw-terminal blocks have been slowly replaced by 110 blocks and connectors. Modern homes usually have phone service entering the house to a single 110 blocks, whence it is distributed by on-premises wiring to outlet boxes throughout the home in star topology. At the outlet box, cables are attached to ports with insulation-displacement contacts (IDCs), and those ports fit into special faceplates.
In commercial settings, this style of home run or star topology wiring was already in use on 66 blocks in telecom closets and switchrooms. The 110 block has been slowly replacing the 66 block, especially for data communications usage.
Computer networks
The 110 style insulation-displacement connection is often used at both ends of Networking cables such as Category 5, Category 5e, Category 6, and Category 6a cables which run through buildings, as shown in the image. In switch rooms, 110 blocks are often built into the backs of patch panels to terminate cable runs. At the other end, 110 connections may be used with keystone modules that are attached to wall plates. 110 blocks are preferred over 66 blocks in high-speed networks because they introduce less crosstalk and many are certified for use in Category 5, Category 6 and Category 6a wiring systems.
Individual Category 5e and better-rated 8P8C jacks (keystone and patch panel) with IDC connectors commonly use the same punchdown 'teeth' dimensions and tools as a full size 110 block.
Advantages
110 style blocks allow a much higher density of terminations in a given space than older style termination blocks (66 style or wire wrap) because of their stacking capability. Some 110 blocks meet specifications for higher bandwidth data protocols such as Category 5 and higher.
Problems
During regular usage, small pieces of insulation can become stuck inside the 110 block contacts; this renders that given pair unreliable or unusable, until the pieces are removed. A tool known as a spudger can be used to remove excess insulation pieces. The wire hook which comes with many punch down tools can also be used to remove wire pieces.
A new wire inserted over an existing insulation remnant may be unreliable, as the 110 IDC was designed to hold only a single wire per contact.
For testing it is more difficult to reliably connect to a working circuit on a 110 block than on older style blocks. The circuit must be broken, or insulation displacing contacts may be used on jumper wires. Repeated use of insulation displacing contacts may lead to a difficult-to-locate broken or intermittently-failing jumper wire.
See also
66 blocks
Telecommunications Industry Association
Electronic Industries Alliance
Electrical wiring
Krone LSA-PLUS
References
Telephony equipment
Local loop
Networking hardware
George John Alexander (born 22 June 2001) is an English footballer who plays for Bromley.
Career
Born in London, Alexander signed for Millwall at the age of seven. They spent twelve years in the Academy before making their first team debut in the last game of the season on 5 May 2019, coming on a late substitute in the 1–0 defeat to Wigan Athletic. They had previously been on the bench earlier in the season for an FA Cup tie with Everton.
Personal life
Born into a family of Millwall fans, their father, Gary, was a professional footballer and played for the club for three years between 2007–2010.
Career statistics
References
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Bexley
English footballers
Association football forwards
Millwall F.C. players
Bromley F.C. players
English Football League players
Norman Gilliland has been a producer on Wisconsin Public Radio since 1984, where they host classical music broadcasts, produces the interview program University of the Air, and reads for Chapter A Day. They hold degrees in English and Broadcasting from the University of Florida and attended graduate school in English at Duke University, where they developed an interest in broadcasting.  They are also an active author with four published books, the historical novel Sand Mansions and its stand-alone sequel Midnight Catch, Downeast Ledge (2013), plus two nonfiction books about classical music--Grace Notes for a Year and Scores to Settle. They have produced an audio drama based upon Dick Ringler's modern English translation of the Old English narrative Beowulf titled Beowulf: The Complete Story—A Drama (). They were one of a handful of experts interviewed in the Academy Award winning short documentary A Note of Triumph: The Golden Age of Norman Corwin.
In 1994 they founded NEMO Productions, the mission of which is to produce books and audio that combine entertainment and history. They also hosted the weekly program "Old Time Radio Drama" from 8-11 Saturday and Sunday nights on Wisconsin Public Radio and is a host-producer for Wisconsin Public Television's "University Place Presents."
External links
Official NEMO Productions website
University of Wisconsin Press about their book
Bio from Wisconsin Public Radio site
Audio book Gilliland produced
Notes and references
University of Florida alumni
Duke University alumni
Classical music radio presenters
Radio personalities from Wisconsin
Living people
1949 births
People from Bethesda, Maryland
The 2008 Green Party of England and Wales leadership election took place in September 2008 to select the first leader of the Green Party of England and Wales. It was won by Caroline Lucas who received 92.4% of the vote. At the same time, Adrian Ramsay was elected unopposed as the party's first deputy leader.
Prior to the leadership election, the Green Party had two spokespeople called principal speakers instead of leaders. Lucas had been the female principal speaker of the party from 2003–2006 and from 2007–2008.
Background
From the formation of the Green Party of England and Wales in 1990 until 2008, the party had elected spokespeople called principal speakers instead of leaders. From 1990 to 1992, the party had six principal speakers and from 1992 to 2008, the party had two principal speakers: one male and one female.
In November 2007, the party held an internal referendum on whether they should replace the system of principal speakers with a single leader. The party's female speaker, Caroline Lucas, supported introducing a single leader, as did the party activists Tony Juniper and Jonathon Porritt. The party's male principal speaker, Derek Wall, opposed the change, as did Jenny Jones, one of the party's two members of the London Assembly. The other Assembly Member, Darren Johnson, ran the campaign in favour of moving to a leadership model.
The referendum required two-thirds of members to vote in favour in order to be effective. 73% of party members voted in favour of the change. The new system would involve leaders serving for two year terms, for a maximum of five terms.
Campaign
Caroline Lucas, one of the party's principal speakers and a Member of the European Parliament, launched a campaign for the leadership on 14 July 2008. The other candidate for the leadership was the actor Ashley Gunstock.
Only one candidate stood for the deputy leadership. Adrian Ramsay was the leader of the Green group on Norwich City Council. They were supported Lucas, and under party gender balance rules, they could only be elected to the post if a woman was elected to the leadership.
Nominations for both the leadership and deputy leadership closed on 31 July 2008, after which ballot papers were distributed. In order to assist candidates with canvassing, the party's Standing Orders Committee decided to release the contact details of 7,000 members to the candidates. More than 100 party members signed a protest letter which questioned whether this publication was legal under the Data Protection Act. The issue became moot when all three candidates declined to request contact details.
Hustings took place at the party's conference, and the results were announced on 5 September.
Results
The turnout was 37.9% of a membership of 7,565. This was an increase from the 20% turnout for the 2007 election of principal speakers.
Leader
Deputy leader
Adrian Ramsay was elected unopposed as deputy leader.
References
2008 elections in the United Kingdom
Green Party of England and Wales leadership elections
Articles containing video clips
Green Party of England and Wales leadership election
Troy Sylvanus Kinney (December 1, 1871 – January 29, 1938) was an American artist, etcher, and author. Troy Kinney was most notable for their works portraying dance performers, fanciful subjects, and classically styled nudes. They worked with dancers, including Ruth St. Denis, Anna Pavlova, and Sophie Pflanz among others. Their artistic works are part of the collections of the Art Institute of Chicago, the Cleveland Museum of Art, the New York Public Library, the Library of Congress, and many others.
Early life and career
Troy Sylvanus Kinney was born the son of William and Mary Kinney in Kansas City, Missouri. They attended Yale University, graduating in 1896, and then after a brief time illustrating for newspapers in the Baltimore, Maryland area, they moved to study at the Art Institute of Chicago, where they would later become a full member of the Chicago Society of Etchers. They met and in 1900 married their wife and collaborator Margaret West Kinney (1872–1952). They were premier illustrators of the early 20th century, creating works together under the name "The Kinneys", including scores of books, and covers for Harper's Bazaar magazine.
Artistic career
Perhaps Troy Kinney's greatest legacy is in their contributions in the area of dance. They co-authored with their wife the books "Social Dancing of Today" and "The Dance: Its Place in Art and Life", for which they traveled throughout the world to study various dance styles. It remains to this day one of the most comprehensive works on the subject.
Besides being a member of the Chicago Society of Etchers, Troy Kinney was a member of the Society of American Etchers, and the National Academy of Design.
Troy Kinney died near their art studio in Falls Village, Connecticut, leaving their wife and only child, John West Kinney.
Books
Kinney, Troy and Royal Cortissoz - The Etchings of Troy Kinney 1929
Kinney, Troy and Margaret West Kinney - The Dance: Its Place in Art and Life 1914, New York, Frederick A. Stokes Company
Morgan Charles - Troy Kinney. American Etchers- Volume IX. 1930
Serge Leslie - Selected Letters of Troy Kinney to Doris Niles 1952
Sources
Online Archive of California
Social Dancing of Today free online text
Some selected works of Troy Kinney
External links
Margaret West Kinney at the Illinois Women Artists Project
and at WorldCat
1871 births
1938 deaths
Yale University alumni
Federal Art Project artists
Artists from Kansas City, Missouri
American etchers
American illustrators
20th-century American printmakers
National Academy of Design members
USS Scorpion was a schooner of the United States Navy during the War of 1812. They were the second USN ship to be named for the scorpion. The British captured them on 6 September 1814 and took them into service as HMS Confiance. They were placed in Ordinary in 1817 and broken up in 1831.
Career
Scorpion was launched in the spring of 1813 at Presque Isle (now Erie, Pennsylvania), probably by Noah Brown of New York, for service on the upper Great Lakes during the War of 1812.
Scorpion, commanded by Sailing Master Stephen Champlin, first cousin to Oliver Hazard Perry, operated with Commodore Perry's squadron on Lake Erie during the summer and fall of 1813.
On 10 September 1813, they participated in the battle off Put-in-Bay, Lake Erie, which resulted in the defeat and capture of the British fleet (see Battle of Lake Erie). Scorpion had the distinction of firing the first and last shot in the battle in which they lost two men. At the close of the action, they and pursued and captured the fleeing British schooners and .
After Perry's victory, Scorpion assisted General William Henry Harrison's forces operating in the Thames River area, by transporting troops as well as stores and ammunition captured from the enemy.
During the winter of 1813 and 1814, they were laid up at Erie, Pennsylvania. From May 1814 to September 1814, Scorpion cruised on Lake Erie and Lake Huron, cooperating with the army in the Detroit area by transporting troops, staking out the flats through the St. Clair River, and blockading the enemy at the Nottawasaga River and Lake Simcoe.
Capture and fate
On 6 September 1814, while on blockade duty on Lake Huron, Scorpion, under command of Daniel Turner, was surprised and captured by the former American schooner, , which also had been taken by the British a few days earlier. Both vessels and prisoners were taken to Fort Mackinac.
Scorpion was subsequently taken into the British Navy as the four-gun schooner Confiance, which along with Tigress, according to local legend, was later sunk in Georgian Bay, Lake Huron, off Penetanguishene, Ontario. In fact both vessels were laid up and dismantled at Colborne Basin, Ontario.
References
Schooners of the United States Navy
War of 1812 ships of the United States
Great Lakes ships
War of 1812 ships of the United Kingdom
Ships built in Erie, Pennsylvania
Vessels captured from the United States Navy
1813 ships
Kurt Falls (born 13 August 1996) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a or for the Penrith Panthers in the NRL.
Background
Falls graduated from St Dominic's College, Penrith in 2014 and played alongside Nathan Cleary in the Schoolboy Trophy winning team of 2014. They scored the match-winning try in the Grand Final. They played their junior rugby league with Brothers Penrith.
Playing career
Falls joined the Penrith Panthers in 2021. In round 13 of the 2022 NRL season, at almost 26 years of age, Falls made their first grade debut for Penrith in their side's 30−18 victory over the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs at Penrith Stadium. Falls kicked five conversions in the match.
References
External links
Penrith Panthers profile
1996 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Penrith Panthers players
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Penrith, New South Wales
Femina Miss Manipur Queen or Miss India Manipur Queen is an annual beauty pageant that selects representatives from Manipur to compete in Miss India, and then to Miss World, one of the Big Four international beauty pageants. The event is organised by "Robert Naorem Studio and Academy", under the guidance of Robert Naorem. It is one of the most watched beauty pageants in North East India. It co-exists with Miss Manipur, Miss Kangleipak and Miss Meetei Chanu.
History
The Femina Miss Manipur event was first organised with the initiative of Robert Naorem Studio and Academy by Robert Naorem in 2017. It is to select representatives from Manipur to compete in Femina Miss India. Kanchan Soibam became the first to represent Manipur in the Miss India event. The general Miss Manipur contest is different from Femina Miss Manipur Queen and it has no access to Miss India event. Femina Miss Manipur is the only event in Manipur, that has connection with the national level pageant.
Titleholders
See also
Miss Manipur
Miss Meetei Chanu
Miss Nagaland
References
Beauty pageants in Manipur
In geometry, a set is defined to be orthogonally convex if, for every line that is parallel to one of standard basis vectors, the intersection of with is empty, a point, or a single segment. The term "orthogonal" refers to corresponding Cartesian basis and coordinates in Euclidean space, where different basis vectors are perpendicular, as well as corresponding lines. Unlike ordinary convex sets, an orthogonally convex set is not necessarily connected.
The orthogonal convex hull of a set is the intersection of all connected orthogonally convex supersets of .
These definitions are made by analogy with the classical theory of convexity, in which is convex if, for every line , the intersection of with is empty, a point, or a single segment. Orthogonal convexity restricts the lines for which this property is required to hold, so every convex set is orthogonally convex but not vice versa. For the same reason, the orthogonal convex hull itself is a subset of the convex hull of the same point set. A point belongs to the orthogonal convex hull of if and only if each of the closed axis-aligned orthants having as apex has a nonempty intersection with .
The orthogonal convex hull is also known as the rectilinear convex hull, or, in two dimensions, the - convex hull.
Example
The figure shows a set of 16 points in the plane and the orthogonal convex hull of these points. As can be seen in the figure, the orthogonal convex hull is a polygon with some degenerate edges connecting extreme vertices in each coordinate direction. For a discrete point set such as this one, all orthogonal convex hull edges are horizontal or vertical. In this example, the orthogonal convex hull is connected.
Alternative definitions
In contrast with the classical convexity where there exist several equivalent definitions of the convex hull, definitions of the orthogonal convex hull made by analogy to those of the convex hull result in different geometric objects. So far, researchers have explored the following four definitions of the orthogonal convex hull of a set :
Maximal definition: The definition described in the introduction of this article. It is based on the Maxima of a point set.
Classical definition: The orthogonal convex hull of is the intersection of all orthogonally convex supersets of ; .
Connected definition: The orthogonal convex hull of is the smallest connected orthogonally convex superset of ; .
Functional definition: The orthogonal convex hull of is the intersection of the zero sets of all non-negative orthogonally convex functions that are on ; .
In the figures on the right, the top figure shows a set of six points in the plane. The classical orthogonal convex hull of the point set is the point set itself. From top to bottom, the second to the fourth figures show respectively, the maximal, the connected, and the functional orthogonal convex hull of the point set. As can be seen, the orthogonal convex hull is a polygon with some degenerate "edges", namely, orthogonally convex alternating polygonal chains with interior angle connecting extreme vertices.
Classical orthogonal convex hull
The classical orthogonal convex hull can be equivalently defined as the smallest orthogonally convex superset of a set , by analogy to the following definition of the convex hull: the convex hull of is the smallest convex superset of . The classical orthogonal convex hull might be disconnected. If a point set has no pair of points on a line parallel to one of the standard basis vectors, the classical orthogonal convex hull of such point set is equal to the point set itself.
A well known property of convex hulls is derived from the Carathéodory's theorem: A point is in the interior of the convex hull of a point set if, and only if, it is already in the convex hull of or fewer points of . This property is also valid for classical orthogonal convex hulls.
Connected orthogonal convex hull
By definition, the connected orthogonal convex hull is always connected. However, it is not unique. Consider for example a pair of points in the plane not lying on an horizontal or a vertical line. The connected orthogonal convex hull of such points is an orthogonally convex alternating polygonal chain with interior angle connecting the points. Any such polygonal chain has the same length, so there are infinitely many connected orthogonal convex hulls for the point set.
For point sets in the plane, the connected orthogonal convex hull can be easily obtained from the maximal orthogonal convex hull. If the maximal orthogonal convex hull of a point set is connected, then it is equal to the connected orthogonal convex hull of . If this is not the case, then there are infinitely many connected orthogonal convex hulls for , and each one can be obtained by joining the connected components of the maximal orthogonal convex hull of with orthogonally convex alternating polygonal chains with interior angle .
Functional orthogonal convex hull
The functional orthogonal convex hull is not defined using properties of sets, but properties of functions about sets. Namely, it restricts the notion of convex function as follows. A function is called orthogonally convex if its restriction to each line parallel to a non-zero of the standard basis vectors is a convex function.
Algorithms
Several authors have studied algorithms for constructing orthogonal convex hulls: ; ; ; . By the results of these authors, the orthogonal convex hull of points in the plane may be constructed in time , or possibly faster using integer searching data structures for points with integer coordinates.
Related concepts
It is natural to generalize orthogonal convexity to restricted-orientation convexity, in which a set is defined to be convex if all lines having one of a finite set of slopes must intersect in connected subsets; see e.g. , , or .
In addition, the tight span of a finite metric space is closely related to the orthogonal convex hull. If a finite point set in the plane has a connected orthogonal convex hull, that hull is the tight span for the Manhattan distance on the point set. However, orthogonal hulls and tight spans differ for point sets with disconnected orthogonal hulls, or in higher-dimensional Lp spaces.
describes several other results about orthogonal convexity and orthogonal visibility.
References
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Convex hulls
Opisthotropis voquyi, Vo Quy's mountain stream keelback, is a species of natricine snake found in Vietnam.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2018
Reptiles of Vietnam
These are the Billboard magazine Dance/Mix Show Airplay number-one hits of 2019.
See also
2019 in music
List of number-one dance singles of 2019 (U.S.)
List of number-one Billboard Dance/Electronic Songs
References
External links
Dance Airplay Chart (updated weekly)
2019
United States Dance Airplay
Borden Flats Light is a historic lighthouse on the Taunton River in Fall River, Massachusetts, US. It is a tower-on-caisson type known as a sparkplug lighthouse.
The light was built in 1881, and added to the National Register of Historic Places as Borden Flats Light Station on June 15, 1987, reference number 87001528.
History
By the mid-19th century, the city of Fall River had become a bustling textile-mill town, with regularly scheduled steamboat service to Providence, Rhode Island, and New York City. The city is located at the mouth of the Taunton River where it meets Mount Hope Bay, which is an arm of Narragansett Bay.
Prior to the lighthouse, an unlit day beacon was constructed to mark the spot of a dangerous reef near the center of the relatively shallow Mount Hope Bay. In June 1880, $25,000 was appropriated for the construction of a new lighthouse on Borden Flats, which consisted of a cast-iron tower that included a keeper's quarters. The light went into service on October 1, 1881, with a fourth-order Fresnel lens producing a fixed red light above mean high water. Rainwater was collected in gutters and stored in a cistern in the structure's basement level, providing the keeper's water supply.
The lighthouse, which sits in water open to the south, was battered in the hurricane of 1938. The storm left the structure with a pronounced tilt, which it still has. A new wider caisson was later added around the original one for additional protection.
In 1957, the lighthouse was electrified. It was automated in 1963. In 1977, its Fresnel lens was removed and replaced with a modern Vega VRB-25 lens. The fog bell remained in use until 1983 when it was replaced by an electronic foghorn. Under auspices of the National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Act of 2000, the lighthouse was auctioned privately through the General Services Administration. Nick Korstad, Cindy Korstad and Craig Korstad, of Portland, Oregon purchased the Light at auction and Nick, quickly began their 7-year passion and dedication to restoring this historic gem. After a successful rehab, Nick sold the Light to local resident Kevin M. Ferias in 2018, who is continuing the Overnight Keepers Program established in 2015. The Light is privately owned and maintained and is offered to the public for overnight stays, where you can experience living the life of a 19th century Light Keeper, but in a modern and comfortable way. The Light has 5 levels, is adorned with antiques and lighthouse memorabilia, with a 1st level kitchen, 2nd level living room, TV room/den on 3rd level, 4th level queen-sized bedroom and its 5th level lantern room with an incredible view of Mount Hope Bay, Braga Bridge and the city of Fall River. Guests come from all over the world to enjoy the experience as it is one of only two offshore caisson Light towers you can spend the night in throughout America. con
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
External links
Lighthouses completed in 1881
Lighthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Fall River, Massachusetts
Lighthouses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
1881 establishments in Massachusetts
The Sabah scaly-toed gecko (Lepidodactylus ranauensis) is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Sabah (Borneo).
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1988
Endemic fauna of Malaysia
Endemic fauna of Borneo
Reptiles of Malaysia
Solo Sessions may refer to:
Solo Sessions (Nikhil Korula EP), 2013
Solo Sessions Vol. 1: Live at the Knitting Factory, a 2004 live album by John Legend
Solo Sessions (Chet Atkins album), 2003
Re Jeavons, ex parte Mackay (1873) LR 8 Ch App 643 is a UK insolvency law case. It decided that a creditor could not reserve an obligation to themselves in priority of other creditors if a company were to go into liquidation.
Facts
Mr Joshua Jeavons had an iron manufacturing business (Joshua Jeavons & Company) at the Millwall Ironworks. Jeavons sold one John Brown & Co. Ltd a patent for improving armour plates manufacture. In return Brown would pay Jeavons royalties of 15s per ton of plates produced. Brown also lent Jeavons £12,500, and agreed that half Jeavons' royalties would go to paying back that loan. It was further agreed that if Jeavons went insolvent, or made an arrangement with creditors, Brown could keep all the royalties to satisfy the debt.
Judgment
The Chancery Division of the Court of Appeal held that Brown had a lien on one half of the royalties only. The agreement that Brown could retain all royalties if Jeavons went bankrupt was a fraud on the bankruptcy laws and void.
Mr. Fry, Q.C., and Mr. Henderson, then argued in support of the second appeal:—
Mr. De Gex, Q.C., and Mr. Finlay Knight, for the trustee, were not called on.
See also
UK company law
Notes
References
United Kingdom insolvency case law
1873 in case law
1873 in British law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
John Harford (by 1501 – 1559/60), of Coventry, Warwickshire, was an English Member of Parliament for Coventry in November 1554. They were Mayor of Coventry 1546–7.
References
1559 deaths
Members of Parliament for Coventry
Mayors of places in Warwickshire
English MPs 1554–1555
Year of birth uncertain
Gustaw Paszkiewicz (1 April 1892 – 27 February 1955) was a soldier of the Imperial Russian Army, and officer of the Polish Army. They entered the military service in 1914, at the age of 22, fighting as Russian soldier in World War I. Paszkiewicz was a soldier until 1952.
Gustaw Paszkiewicz was born on 1 April 1892 in the village of Wasiliszki in the Vilna Governorate of the Russian Empire (present-day Belarus) to Leonard Paszkiewicz and Justyna née Tabenska. Their younger brother Wilhelm was a colonel of the Polish Army, murdered by the NKVD in the Katyn massacre.
After graduation from a high school in Minsk, Paszkiewicz joined the Military School in Vilna. In 1914–1917 they fought in the Russian Army, and then joined Polish I Corps in Russia, in which they were company leader of the 3rd Rifles Regiment. They fought in the Polish–Soviet War in the area of Lwów and Stryj, as commandant of the 55th Infantry Regiment. In 1923–24, Paszkiewicz attended Wyższa Szkoła Wojenna in Warsaw, after which they were promoted to the rank of officer in the Polish General Staff. In 1924–1926, Paszkiewicz commanded Officer School of Infantry in Warsaw, and in October 1926 was named commandant of divisional infantry at 24th Infantry Division, stationed in Jarosław. On 12 October 1935 Paszkiewicz was named commandant of the 12th Infantry Division from Tarnopol.
In the Invasion of Poland, the 12th Division belonged to Prusy Army, and was destroyed in the Battle of Radom. Paszkiewicz managed to get out of German encirclement, to reach Włodzimierz Wołyński on 13 September 1939. Two days later they were named deputy commandant of Karpaty Army. Twice wounded, Paszkiewicz left Poland for Romania, where they were interned. From 1 December 1939 until 23 June 1940 they were deputy of Minister Kazimierz Sosnkowski in the government of Władysław Sikorski.
In 1940, Paszkiewicz reached France, but after its collapse, they had to flee to Great Britain. In the Polish Armed Forces in the West, they commanded 1st Rifle Brigade (October 1940 – May 1942), 4th Rifle Division (May – October 1942), 2nd Independent Armoured Brigade (October 1942 – June 1943), and then was deputy of the I Corps in the West.
On 18 December 1945 Gustaw Paszkiewicz returned to Poland, and on 15 January 1946 they joined the Polish People's Army. Soon afterwards, they were appointed commandant of the 16th Infantry Division from Białystok, as well as head of local security office, which coordinated the operations against anti-Communist guerrillas (Cursed soldiers). From 18 October 1946 until 14 October 1948 Paszkiewicz commanded Warsaw Military District, after which they worked at the Ministry of Forestry and was an envoy to the Sejm.
Paszkiewicz died on 27 February 1955 in Warsaw, and was buried at the Powązki Cemetery.
Promotions
Second Lieutenant – 1915
Lieutenant – 1916
Captain – 1917
Podpolkovnik (Sub Colonel) – 1919
Colonel – 1924
General brygady – 1938
Divisional general – 1946
Awards
Cavalier Cross of the Virtuti Militari,
Gold Cross of the Virtuti Militari,
Silver Cross of the Virtuti Militari,
Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta,
Officer Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta,
Order of the Cross of Grunwald, Third Class,
Cross of Independence,
Cross of Valour (Poland),
Commandor of the Order of the Bath
Officer of the Order of Leopold (Belgium), Fourth Classm
Officer of the Legion of Honour, Fifth Class,
Commandor of the Order of St. Sava, Third Class,
1914–1918 Inter-Allied Victory medal (France).
Sources
Tadeusz Jurga: Obrona Polski 1939. Warszawa: Instytut Wydawniczy PAX, 1990
Warszawski Okręg Wojskowy. Historia i współczesność, Wyd. Bellona, Warszawa 1997
1892 births
1955 deaths
People from Shchuchyn District
People from Lidsky Uyezd
People's Party (Poland) politicians
United People's Party (Poland) politicians
Members of the Polish Sejm 1947–1952
Polish generals
Russian military personnel of World War I
Polish people of the Polish–Soviet War
People of the Polish May Coup (pro-government side)
Polish military personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Cross of Independence
Recipients of the Silver Cross of the Virtuti Militari
Recipients of the Cross of Valour (Poland)
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Grunwald, 3rd class
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
WKF may refer to:
WKF, the IATA code for Air Force Base Waterkloof, Gauteng, South Africa
WKF, the National Rail code for Wakefield Westgate railway station, West Yorkshire, England
World Karate Federation, the largest international governing body of sport karate with 198 member countries
Naan Pesa Ninaipathellam () is a 1993 Indian Tamil language drama film directed by Vikraman. The film stars Anand Babu and Mohini. The film had musical score by Sirpy and was released on 9 July 1993, and it was a hit.
Plot
Viswanath (Anand Babu) has only a cousin Kaveri (Latha) as family and is very affectionate towards them They even dropped out of school to pay Kaveri's school fees. Viswanath worked hard for them and begins to sing in the street to support Kaveri.
A few years later, they become a singer in a band and organizes some stage performance with their friend Govind (Vivek). Unknowingly, Govind and Viswanath pick up a woman called Sandhya (Mohini). They tell that they aren't a singer, they don't have family and they have come to find a job in the city. But Sandhya helps Viswanath and Govind in a timely manner by helping them settle their house rent.
Kaveri completes their graduation and becomes a famous newscaster in a TV channel. However, they get arrogant owing to their fame and they do not want to marry Viswanath as they think them to be a mismatch for them due to their poor condition. They challenge Viswanath to become rich.
Viswanath gets an opportunity to perform in a wedding reception. At the marriage reception, Viswanath sees Kaveri as the bride and is shocked knowing that Kaveri ditched him. Viswanath decides to commit suicide but Sandhya saves them and tells their past. Sandhya's father was a rich business person. Anand (Anand) and Sandhya were in love and they later got engaged. When Sandhya's father's business went bankrupt, Anand refused to marry them A few days later, their father died because of the shock.
Viswanath and Sandhya challenge to succeed in life. They decide to work hard separately. Sandhya passes civil services exam and they become a district collector. Sandhya meets with an accident and is spotted by Anand. Anand takes care of Sandhya in the hospital and they propose to marry. Sandhya agrees to marry them and they decide to get married.
Viswanath on hearing about Sandhya's wedding plan gets shocked and rushes to the marriage hall but is stopped by the security guards at the entrance. Just before tying the knot, Sandhya cancels the wedding saying that they wanted to teach Anand a lesson by cancelling the wedding at the last moment. Sandhya walks out from the wedding hall and meets Viswanath and praises them as a great human being in front of everyone. They also inform everyone that they love Viswanath and they get married. After a few years, it is shown that Viswanath becomes a famous singer and gets interviewed by Kaveri, embarrassed, in a TV interview. Viswanath and Sandhya live happily together.
Cast
Anand Babu as Viswanath alias Viswam
Mohini as Sandhya
Vivek as Govind
Vizhuthugal Latha as Kaveri
Anand as Anand
R. Sundarrajan as Sandhya's father
Singamuthu as Viswanath's neighbour
Tinku as Viswanathan (child)
Sujitha as Kaveri (child)
Kuladeivam V. R. Rajagopal
Babloo Prithiveeraj in a guest appearance
Vinu Chakravarthy in a guest appearance
Ramesh Khanna in a guest appearance
Rajakumaran (uncredited role)
Suresh Chakravarthi in a guest appearance
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Sirpy. The soundtrack, released in 1993, features 11 tracks with lyrics written by Pulamaipithan, Piraisoodan, Palani Bharathi and Vikraman.
Reception
Malini Mannath of The Indian Express wrote, "Vikraman tried to infuse some freshness in the screenplay and treatment but has succeeded only partly."
References
External links
1990s Tamil-language films
1993 films
Films directed by Vikraman
Films scored by Sirpy
Indian drama films
Clorindy, or The Origin of the Cake Walk is a one-act musical by composer Will Marion Cook and librettist Paul Laurence Dunbar.
The piece premiered in 1898 and was the first Broadway musical with an all-black cast. It starred the famous African-American performer Ernest Hogan. Popular songs from the show included "Who Dat Say Chicken In Dis Crowd" (one of the first documented uses of the well-known "Who Dat?" comedy motif) and the finale, "Darktown Is Out Tonight".
Development
Despite their traditional musical education in music schools in Europe and America, Cook believed that "Negroes should eschew white patterns" and work to create unique styles to reflect their unique culture, rather than imitating the music of whites. Cook dreamed of presenting the first musical play with an all black cast on Broadway. Encouraged by the vaudeville duo Bert Williams and George Walker, Cook recruited their friend, poet Paul Laurence Dunbar, to write the book and lyrics for the new show. The duo completed the music and lyrics for the production in a single night in a basement near Howard University "equipped with beer, whiskey, a T-bone steak, but no piano." Dunbar found the collaboration so unpleasant that they vowed never to work with Cook again, but the two nonetheless collaborated on several more productions, including 1903's In Dahomey.
Songs
Darktown is Out To-night
Love in a Cottage is Best
Dance Creole (or Creole Dance)
Who Dat Say Chicken in Dis Crowd
Hottest Coon in Dixie
Jump Back
Productions
Cook sought a producer and venue in New York. They met much rejection before bringing their cast uninvited to a rehearsal hall where they heard that another act was auditioning for Edward E. Rice, manager of the Casino Theatre's Roof Garden. Rice eventually agreed to present it. The musical was adapted for the venue, with Rice removing most of Dunbar's dialogue, as the rooftop setting made spoken dialogue difficult to understand over the noise from the street. Clorindy was first presented on July 4, 1898 as an afterpiece to Rice's production Summer Nights, and it was a hit, prompting Cook to boast that "My chorus sang like Russians, dancing meanwhile like Negroes, and cakewalking like angels, black angels!" They declared that "Negroes are at last on Broadway, and here to stay!"
Clorindy had a brief run, also starring Hogan, at the Boston Music Hall in mid-January, 1901.
Cook would later write the first Broadway musical with an integrated cast, The Southerners, in 1904.
References
External links
Libretto for "Who Dat Say Chicken In Dis Crowd" from Clorindy at Wright State University Libraries
"A Day in the Life" podcast on the history and music of Clorindy
1898 musicals
All-Black cast Broadway shows
One-act musicals
Broadway musicals
Works by Paul Laurence Dunbar
Frederick M. Zollo (born 24 February 1953) is an American producer and director of both film and theatre.
Selected theatrical productions
Once
On Golden Pond
The Farnsworth Invention
Frozen
The Goat: or, Who is Sylvia?
Sex, Drugs, Rock & Roll
King Hedley II
Buried Child
Our Country's Good
Hurlyburly
Butley
Pounding Nails in the Floor with My Forehead
Caroline, or Change
Private Lives
Death and the Maiden
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
Glengarry Glen Ross
Les Liaisons Dangereuses
The Basic Training of Pavlo Hummel
Ma Rainey's Black Bottom
'night, Mother
Angels in America
A Steady Rain
Select filmography
They were a producer in all films unless otherwise noted.
Film
Miscellaneous crew
As an actor
Television
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Film producers from Massachusetts
Place of birth missing (living people)
American people of Italian descent
Male actors from Boston
Revolver is an EP of outtakes made during the recording sessions of Lewis Black's first album, The White Album.
The title is a reference to the album Revolver by the Beatles. This was done to acknowledge the fact that these were outtakes and different edits from the sessions of Black's earlier release.
Track listing
Wisconsin (unedited) – 6:54
Outtakes – 9:29
Leave a Tip – 2:33
On the vinyl version, the outtakes are divided into two parts due to the side break.
Release history
Originally released as a run of 1000 CDs.
A limited ten-inch vinyl edition of 500 was released on yellow and red sunburst vinyl. The vinyl run includes a three-inch CD version of the same material. Notably, the vinyl is mastered with inverted grooves, so it plays from the label to the outer edge; standard vinyl records play from the outer edge towards the label.
This entire EP eventually became a hidden track on The White Album CD.
References
Lewis Black - Revolver • Discogs
Lewis Black albums
2002 EPs
Stand Up! Records albums
2000s comedy albums
The fourth and final season of the Chinese reality talent show The Voice of China premiered on 17 July 2015 on Zhejiang Television. Hu Qiaohua continued their role as host, while Na Ying and Wang Feng returned for their fourth and third consecutive seasons as coaches, respectively. Former coach Harlem Yu, who returned after a one-season absence, and Jay Chou joined the coaching panel following the departures of Chyi Chin and Yang Kun.
For this season, the team sizes were reduced to 12 per team, down from 16 last season. Due to the possibility of having multiple potential winners on the same team, this season would see the show moving to a format more similar to the American version of the show. In the Playoff rounds, the final 16 would compete against each other, with the eliminations adjusted to eliminate contestants who earned the lowest number of votes, regardless of which team they are in, thus not guaranteeing a coach and an artist in the finals. Also, the number of finalists increased from four to five.
On 7 October 2015, Zhang Lei of Team Na Ying was announced as the winner of the season, with Tifa Chen of Team Jay as runner-up. Tan Xuanyuan of Team Harlem, Beibei of Team Wang Feng, and Leon Lee of Team Jay finished in third, fourth, and fifth place respectively. This season is also Na Ying's third win throughout the series of the show.
Coaches and hosts
The coaching panel once again saw a change as Na Ying and Wang Feng were rejoined by Harlem Yu, who returned from a one-season hiatus. The trio was joined by Jay Chou, who was a new addition to the panel. Chyi Chin and Yang Kun did not return from the previous season. Hu Qiaohua returned as host.
Individuals rumoured to serve as the advisors for this season included A-mei, Eason Chan, G.E.M. and Li Jian. On 14 August 2015, it was revealed on the final episode of the blind auditions that G.E.M. would be serving as the advisor for Team Wang Feng, Li for Team Na Ying, JJ Lin for Team Harlem and A-mei for Team Jay.
Teams
Colour key
Blind auditions
The taping of the blind auditions began on 17 June 2015, and ended on 5 August 2015.
This season saw the introduction of the "double-blind auditions", which gave some of the artists the opportunity (or requested by the producers) to perform behind a translucent blind on stage, and only reveal themselves to the coaches and audiences after their performances. The "double-blind auditions" format was featured on the show on episode two and four for Lin Yan's and Tong Yushuo's performances respectively.
Colour key
Episode 1 (17 July)
The four coaches performed a medley of each other's songs – Na Ying performed Jay Chou's "青花瓷", Wang Feng performed Harlem Yu's "春泥", Chou performed Na's "默", and Yu performed Wang's "一起摇摆".
Episode 2 (24 July)
Season one runner-up Momo Wu returned to the stage to perform "舞底线", a soundtrack from the film Monster Hunt.
Episode 3 (31 July)
Episode 4 (7 August)
Episode 5 (14 August)
This episode was dubbed as the "finale of the blind auditions", which featured mostly rejected artists (who failed to get any chair-turn on their first try) returning to compete in the revival round. The revival round was brought in after all the 150 artists has performed, and all teams were still left with vacancies the coaches failed to fill up with. Harlem Yu and Wang Feng were left with one spot in their teams, while Na Ying and Jay Chou were left with two.
The Battles
The taping of the Battle rounds (together with the Knockout rounds) began on 17 August 2015 for Team Wang Feng, and later on 19 August 2015 for Team Jay. Team Na Ying's and Team Harlem's episodes were taped on 23 and 25 August 2015, respectively. The Battles were featured on the first half of the episodes aired on 21, 28 August and 6, 11 September 2015.
Season four's advisors are G.E.M. for Team Wang Feng, A-mei for Team Jay, Li Jian for Team Na Ying and JJ Lin for Team Harlem. Continuing with the format used in the previous seasons, coaches of the other teams and the respective team advisor were allowed to provide recommendations to the team coach on who they should advance to the next round. However, the recommendations would not have an effect on the outcome of the results as the final decisions lie solely on the team coaches themselves. Artists who won their battle will advance to the Knockout rounds.
Arnold Schwarzenegger made a brief appearance at the start of the sixth episode to announce the commencement of the Battle rounds, as part of the promotional efforts for the film Terminator Genisys.
Colour key
The Knockouts
The Knockouts, which were taped together with the Battles, were featured on the second half of the episodes aired on 21, 28 August and 6, 11 September 2015. Similar to the Battles, coaches of the other teams and the respective team advisor were allowed to provide recommendations to the team coach on who they should advance to the next round, and once again they would not have an effect of the final outcome.
A new element was added in this season where each of the coaches were given one "double selection" power to save both contestants of a Knockout pair from elimination and advance them to the next round of competition. The top 16 contestants will then move on to the Playoffs.
Colour key
The Playoffs and live show
The Playoffs began on 18 September and comprised episodes 10, 11, and 13, aired over three weeks. They were followed by the live show on the fourth week, the final phase of the competition.
From this point on in the competition, unlike previous seasons where the artists would compete against their own team members in the Playoffs for a spot in the finals, the remaining artists went head-to-head against artists from the other teams, which introduced the possibility of having a group of finalists without equal team representation.
Week 1–2: The Cross Battles (18, 25 September)
The first two weeks of the Playoff rounds saw the introduction of a brand-new competition format, the Cross Battles, where the coaches had to compete with an opposing coach with their remaining artists. Through the drawing of lots, it was decided that Team Na Ying would go against Team Jay in the tenth episode, and Team Wang Feng would battle with Team Harlem in the eleventh.
In a Cross Battle, an artist would be sent by their or their coach to compete against an artist from the opposing team. The selection of the artists and their order of appearance were all decided by their respective coaches, and all of which were done without the knowledge of the opposing coach. Therefore, the battle pairings were completely by random, and would only be revealed when the coaches appeared with their selected artist on stage. At the end of each Cross Battle round, the artist receiving the most votes from the media judging panel would advance to the next Playoff round. The 51-person media judging panel was made up of 26 veteran record producers and music critics, together with 25 media practitioners from various media companies, and each of them was entitled to one vote per battle pairing.
Each of the coaches was allowed to save one losing artist from their respective team, and they had to decide on the spot if they would like to exercise the power on the artist once they or they were announced as the loser of a battle. If the losing coach decides not to, the artist would be immediately eliminated. The two artists that were saved by the coaches (one from each team) would then perform again in the "coach's save" round, with the one receiving the most media votes moving on to the Top 10. In the event when there was only one saved contestant as the opposing coach failed to exercise their or their power, the only saved contestant would be given walkover and automatically advance to the next round without having to perform again.
Colour key
Week 3: Top 10 (30 September)
The Top 10 performed on the third week of the Playoffs for a spot in the finals. The order of appearance was decided through the drawing of lots by the coaches. In deciding who moves on, a professional judging panel made up of 27 veteran record producers and music critics, as well as the studio audience made up of 360 members of the public (including media practitioners from various media companies) were given an equal say. Each of the voters was entitled to one vote per artist, and they can either choose to vote or not vote for a particular artist. The total number of votes cast by the professional judging panel and studio audience were converted into points accordingly to the weightage (50% each). The five artists with the highest accumulated total points would advance to the finals.
The cast of Lost in Hong Kong Xu Zheng, Bao Bei'er, Du Juan, and the theme songwriter Zhao Yingjun made an appearance at the start of the show to promote the film. Xu and Zhao also participated in the "double-blind auditions", with Na Ying and Wang Feng hitting their "I WANT YOU" buttons for the performance.
Colour key
Week 4: Finals (7 October)
The Top 5 performed in the two-part season finale on 7 October 2015, held at the Beijing National Stadium. In the first round of the competition, the five finalists performed a duet with their respective coach, then a solo song. Based on the public votes received from the live audience at the end of the first round, the bottom three artists with the fewest votes were eliminated.
The final two artists then sang their winner's song in the second round of the competition, with the 101-person media judging panel and live audience voting for the winner. Every member of the media judging panel was entitled to one vote, and each vote represents one point. The public votes received from the live audience were converted into points based on the total number of the votes received by the final two contestants. The artist who received the highest accumulated total points was announced as the winner.
The performance featured coach Na Ying as the guest backing vocalist.
The performance featured fellow team members Sharon Kwan 关诗敏 and Jiang Yuandong 江源东 as the instrumentalists for Erhu and Dizi respectively.
Tifa Chen 陈梓童 received 8,880 votes in the first round, and accumulated 15,986 votes by the end of second round.
Zhang Lei 张磊 received 11,773 votes in the first round, and accumulated 23,871 votes by the end of second round.
Due to technical difficulties, only 97 members of the media judging panel managed to cast their votes.
Non-competition shows
The Mid-Autumn Special (27 September)
The twelfth episode was a two-hour special episode aired on 27 September 2015, featuring performances by the coaches and artists from the current and past seasons in celebration of the Mid-Autumn Festival. Besides paying tribute and giving thanks to artists' family members and coaches, this episode gave a special mention to the late Bella Yao, a season two artist who died on 16 January 2015. The episode was taped on 21 September 2015, at The Venetian Theatre.
The Battle of Glory (16 October)
For the first time in the show's history, the Top 5 artists of the current season were pitted against the team of returning artists from the previous seasons for the honour of the "Golden Team", dubbed as the "highest glory" of the show. The current season's team, named "地表最强战队", were led by Na Ying and Jay Chou; while Harlem Yu and Wang Feng took charge of the previous seasons' team, which called themselves the "回归者联盟".
There were five rounds of competition, and in each round the team coaches would send out one of their team members to compete against a team member from the opposing team. The order of appearance were decided randomly by the team coaches prior to the start of the show. At the end of each round, the studio audience made up of 600 members of the public would vote for their favourite performance among the two. With 1,478 accumulated public votes, Team Harlem & Wang Feng emerged as the winning team of the Battle of Glory, and was given the title of the "Golden Team". The episode was taped on 22 September 2015, at The Venetian Theatre.
Colour key
Elimination chart
Overall
Artist's info
Result details
Team
Artist's info
Result details
Artists' appearances on earlier seasons or other talent shows
Tifa Chen appeared on the fourth season of Super Girl as one of the top 300 finalists.
Zhu Qiang sang in the blind auditions for season three, but failed to turn any chairs.
Beibei (then under the name of Li Zoujun) and Yang Baoxin were contestants on the second season of Chinese Idol. Both passed the auditions, but failed to be selected by the judges to join the group of top 65 contestants for the next round of the competition and were eliminated. Beibei also participated in season two, but failed to turn any chairs. Them performance was not broadcast on television.
Lim Xu participated in the second season of Super Boy and emerged as one of the top 61 finalists. Xu then appeared on You Are the Music and was one of the top 6 finalists.
Leon Lee was a contestant on the seventh season of Australia's Got Talent, where they were eliminated in the semifinal.
Saya Chang was the winner of the fifth season of I'm Not a Star.
Sun Bolun (then under the name of Gary Sun Xiaoliang) and Usay Kawlu appeared on the seventh season of One Million Star, and finished in second and third place respectively. Sun also participated in the first season of Super Boy (also under the stage name of Sun Xiaoliang) and finished in sixth place of the Xi'an division. They later joined the Asian Wave and finished as one of the top 6 contestants.
Sharon Kwan was a contestant on the first season of Chinese Million Star, and went on to become the first ever winner of the show.
Ginny Kuo from Chenyo was a contestant on the fourth season of Super Idol, where they were eliminated in the Top 17.
Leonala Ling sang in the blind auditions for season two, but failed to turn any chairs. Them performance was not broadcast on television.
Ratings
CSM50 ratings
References
Season 4
2015 Chinese television seasons
Vassil Tzankov Tzankov (Bulgarian: Васил Цанков Цанков) (April 2, 1905, Gorna Oryahovitsa, Bulgaria – August 25, 1986, Sofia, Bulgaria) was a Bulgarian geologist and paleontologist.  They are best known for their work on Upper Cretaceous ammonites and bivalves.<ref>{{cite book |author1= Tzankov, V.|author2=Pamouktchiev, A. |author3= Tchechmedjieva, V. |author4=Motekova, N. |year=1981 |title= Les fossiles de Bulgarie V Crétacé supérieur. Grandes foraminifères, Anthozoaires, Gastéropodes, Bivalvia |publisher= Éditions de L'Académie bulgare des sciences |place= Sofia}}</ref> Tzankov was head of Bulgarian Geological Survey from 1941 until 1944. In 1945 they became docent and in 1947 - professor, and was appointed to the paleontology chair at Sofia University "St. Kliment Ohridski". In the late 1950s Tzankov organized the launch and became the first editor and one of the principal authors of the multi-volume treatise "Fossils of Bulgaria" (Bulgarian: Фосилите на България). Contributors to the treatise included leading Bulgarian specialists in the field. They served as deputy director of the Geological Institute at the Committee for Geology and Mineral Resources in the period 1960-1966. From 1967 to 1982 Tzankov also served as head of the Department of Paleontology with the Geological Institute at the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. In 1967 they were elected as a corresponding member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.
Early life
Tzankov was raised in Shumen in the family of a veterinary physician, Dr. Tzanko Tzankov (1869-1941). After attending high school in Shumen, they enrolled in Sofia University, taking their undergraduate degree in natural history in 1929. They took their PhD in 1929, under the supervision of Dr. Stephan Bonchev and became the first student to be awarded a doctorate in natural science in Bulgaria. Their dissertation was regional paleontological survey of Shumen plateau, and in particular, stratigraphy and paleontology of the Upper Cretaceous fossils in Northeastern Bulgaria.
Early career
Tzankov commenced work as an assistant professor in geology at Sofia University in 1930. They did postgraduate research in Vienna (1936), Paris (1938–39) and Berlin (1941). In 1939, they were appointed chief of the Geology section at the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Labour. In 1941, they were appointed head of Geology Research within the newly established directorate “Natural Resources”. During that period they introduced micropaleontological research – foraminifera, conodonts, spores and pollen – in Bulgaria. In 1945 they resumed their academic work at Sofia University. In 1947, they were promoted to full professor. They would alternate in their role of director of the Bulgarian Geological Survey for many years, performing double duty as professor for those years.
Fossils of Bulgaria
Beginning in the 1950s, Tzankov drafted a project in which Bulgarian specialists would write on their area of expertise in paleontology as contributions to a multi volume series, which would be published by the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. Tzankov became editor, and also provided assistance for definition of morphologic terms, as well as other explanations. They supplied the parts to the treatise which concerned their own specialty areas.
Later career
In 1967, Tzankov was elected corresponding member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. In the same year they were also appointed as head of the Department of Paleontology at the Geological Institute of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, a position they held until 1982.
Memberships
Corresponding Member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.
Honorary Member of the Bulgarian Geological Society.
Editor – Geologica Balcanica
Legacy and awards
In their later years, Tzankov continued their work on "Fossils of Bulgaria" and on phylogeny of the ammonites Holcodiscidae and Asteridiscidae (together with St. Breskovski). They died in Sofia in 1986. Vassil Tzankov was survived by their wife Kincha, daughter Yana and son Tzanko. They received many awards, including an honorary badge of Sofia University, state order Sts. Cyril and Methodius etc. Their collection of fossils is preserved in the Sofia University "St. Kliment Ohridski" Museum of Paleontology and Historical Geology.
Selected bibliography
 They are authored of more than 100 publications, including 5 textbooks and 3 books.
Les Fossiles de Bulgarie'', Sofia: Éditions de L'Académie Bulgare des Sciences. Publié sous la rédaction de V. Tzankov
References
External links
1905 births
1986 deaths
Sofia University faculty
Bulgarian paleontologists
Corresponding Members of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences
Sofia University alumni
20th-century Bulgarian zoologists
Cyrus A. Ansary (born 1934) is an American lawyer and philanthropist.
Early life and education
Ansary, an Iranian American, was born in Tehran, Iran and is the brother of Hushang Ansary. They visited the Mt. Vernon, New York in 1950 while attending Alborz High School. Ansary later earned a BS in Economics from American University, a law degree from Columbia and a Certificate in French Civilization from the University of Paris. They served in the US Marines.
Career
Ansary is president of Investment Services International Co. and the founder and current chairperson of Fort Knox National Company. They practiced law in the firm of Ansary, Kirkpatrick & Rosse and was chairperson of the board of JPMorgan Value Opportunities Fund, Inc. They were affiliated with Washington Mutual Investors Fund, Inc. from 1983 and served on the boards of First American Bank of Maryland, Krupp GmbH, Deutsche Babcock and Wilcox.
Ansary serves as chairperson emeritus of American University and was board chair from 1981 to 1989.  They are a member of the Woodrow Wilson Council for Scholars and the Lifeguard Society of Mount Vernon.
Awards in Ansary name
Since 1990, the Cyrus Ansary Medal has been awarded annually and is one of the highest volunteer awards given by American University. Recipients include alums, "trustees, volunteers, and community leaders who set high standards for achievement and serve as role models to American University's students and alumni". Recent recipients include J. Willard Marriott Jr., Alan L. Meltzer,
Kermit A. Washington and Hani M. S. Farsi.
In March 2014, Mount Vernon awarded its first Cyrus A. Ansary Prize for Courage and Character to former president George H. W. Bush. The prize was established in 2012 by Cyrus A. and Janet H. Ansary and, in 2014, came with $75,000 in unrestricted and Mt. Vernon-related monies.
Personal life
Ansary is brother to Hushang Ansary and uncle to Nina Ansary.
References
American University alumni
Columbia Law School alumni
American lawyers
Living people
Iranian emigrants to the United States
20th-century American businesspeople
University of Paris alumni
People from Tehran
Iranian expatriates in France
United States Marines
1934 births
UNH may refer to:
UnitedHealth Group, a U.S. healthcare company listed on the NYSE
University of New Hampshire, the U.S. state of New Hampshire's public flagship research university
University of New Haven, a private university in the U.S. state of Connecticut
Unnilhexium (Unh), temporary name of chemical element 106, now Seaborgium (Sg)
Kornel Hoffmann (born 24 April 1881, date of death unknown) was an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1904.
References
External links
1881 births
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Block Elements is a Unicode block containing square block symbols of various fill and shading. Used along with block elements are box-drawing characters, shade characters, and terminal graphic characters. These can be used for filling regions of the screen and portraying drop shadows. Its block name in Unicode 1.0 was Blocks.
Character table
Font coverage
Font sets like Code2000 and the DejaVu family—include coverage for each of the glyphs in the Block Elements range, Unifont also contains all the glyphs. Among the fonts in widespread use, full implementation is provided by Segoe UI Symbol.
The glyphs in Block Elements each share the same character width in most supported fonts, allowing them to be used graphically in row and column arrangements. However, the block doesn't contain a space character of its own and ASCII space may or may not render at the same width as Block Elements glyphs, as those characters are intended to be used exclusively for monospaced fonts.
Compact table
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Block Elements block:
Related symbols
in the Mathematical Operators Unicode block.
in the Geometric Shapes Unicode block.
See also
Tombstone (typography)
Box-drawing character
Semigraphics (or pseudographics)
Other Unicode blocks containing semigraphic characters:
Box Drawing
Geometric Shapes
Symbols for Legacy Computing
Code page 437, the character set of the original IBM PC
Unicode symbols
Dingbat
References
Unicode blocks
Ronald Rosenbaum (born November 27, 1946) is an American literary journalist, literary critic, and novelist.
Life and career
Rosenbaum was born into a Jewish family in New York City, New York and grew up in Bay Shore, New York. They graduated from Yale University in 1968 and won a Carnegie Fellowship to attend Yale's graduate program in English Literature, though they dropped out after taking one course. They were an editor of The Fire Island News and then wrote for The Village Voice for several years, leaving in 1975 after which they wrote for Esquire, Harper's, High Times, Vanity Fair, New York Times Magazine and Slate.
Rosenbaum spent more than ten years doing research on Adolf Hitler including travels to Vienna, Munich, London, Paris, and Jerusalem, interviewing leading historians, philosophers, biographers, theologians and psychologists. Some of those interviewed by Rosenbaum included Daniel Goldhagen, David Irving, Rudolph Binion, Claude Lanzmann, Hugh Trevor-Roper, Alan Bullock, Christopher Browning, George Steiner, and Yehuda Bauer. The result was their 1998 book, Explaining Hitler: The Search for the Origins of Their Evil.
In Explaining Hitler, Ron Rosenbaum also recounted in detail the previously little-reported story of the efforts of anti-Hitler journalists at the Munich Post who, from 1920 to 1933, published repeated exposés on the criminal activities of the National Socialist German Workers Party (i.e. the Nazis). Matthew Ricketson, coordinator of the Journalism program at RMIT University's School of Applied Communication in Melbourne, Australia, called this book "a brilliant piece of research".
In 1987 they began writing a weekly column for the New York Observer called "The Edgy Enthusiast". They currently write a column for Slate called The Spectator. In 2009 one of Rosenbaum's Spectator columns was a lengthy sardonic critique of pop music icon Billy Joel entitled "The Worst Pop Singer Ever" which in turn was met with widespread derision as rank snobbery by many of Joel's fans, including some pop music critics and cultural observers, who felt the critique was unfair and contrived and not becoming of its author.
In The Shakespeare Wars they discussed recent controversies among literary historians, actors, and directors over how the works of William Shakespeare should be read, understood, and produced.
Their most recent book is How the End Begins: The Road to a Nuclear World War III, which discusses the paradoxes of deterrence, the danger of nuclear proliferation, and whether the bomb comprises an "exceptionalist" argument about warfare and genocide.
In December 2015 Rosenbaum published the article "Thinking the Unthinkable," in which they express their view that there exists a frightening possibility that Israel might not survive as a nation. In it they claim that 'The Palestinians want a Hitlerite Judenrein state, however much violence it takes to accomplish it. Not separation, elimination.' The Palestinians are, they assert, engaged in incessant state and religious incitement to murder Jews. The 'stabbing intifada' is not an insurgency, but a matter of 'the ritual murder of Jews'. Whereas Hitler tried to hide their crimes, the Palestinians celebrate killing Jews.
Bibliography
Books
The Secret Parts of Fortune (2011)
How the End Begins: The Road to a Nuclear World War III
Explaining Hitler: The Search for the Origins of Their Evil
Travels with Dr. Death and Other Unusual Investigations (1991)
Articles
Against Normalization: The Lesson of the “Munich Post”, Los Angeles Review of Books, 5. February 2017
See also
List of Adolf Hitler books
The Secret History of Hacking, a 2001 documentary film featuring Rosenbaum.
References
External links
Complete Slate Spectator archive
New York Observer
To aid researchers, author Ron Rosenbaum has allowed the scanning of Explaining Hitler at Amazon.com
Reviews of The Hitler Of History by John Lukacs & Explaining Hitler: The Search For The Origins Of Their Evil by Ron Rosenbaum
Excerpt: The Shakespeare Wars on CBC Words at Large
Audio interview with Rosenbaum on How the End Begins
Phillip Nobile and Ron Rosenbaum, "The Curious Aftermath of JFK's Best and Brightest Affair," New Times, July 7, 1976, pp. 22–33.
1946 births
American columnists
American male journalists
Jewish American writers
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
Living people
People from Bay Shore, New York
Yale University alumni
Smithsonian (magazine) people
Historians from New York (state)
American male non-fiction writers
21st-century American Jews
Moinabad (, also Romanized as Mo‘īnābād) is a village in Pishva Rural District, in the Central District of Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 657, in 158 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
"Te Conozco Bien" (English: "I Know You Well") is a song by American singer Marc Anthony from their second studio album, To-do a Su Tiempo (1995). The song was written by Omar Alfanno, with production being handled by Marc Anthony and Sergio George. It was released as the first promotional single from the album on May 30, 1995. A salsa song, it sees the singer express certainty that someone is regretful. The song was awarded the Billboard Latin Music Award in 1996 for "Hot Latin Track of the Year" in the Tropical/Salsa field and was nominated for the Tropical Song of the Year award at the 8th Annual Lo Nuestro Awards in the same year. It was a recipient of the ASCAP Latin Award in 1996. Commercially, the song peaked at number seven on the Hot Latin Songs chart and number one on the Tropical Airplay chart in the United States. It was the best-performing song of 1995 on the latter chart. The song was covered by Puerto Rican singer Ángel López as a ballad on their studio album Historias de Amor (2010).
Background and composition
In 1993, Marc Anthony released their second studio album Otra Nota (1993), their first salsa record, which was arranged and produced by Sergio George. The album sold over 200,000 copies and it earned the singer the Billboard Latin Music Award for "Tropical/Salsa New Artist of the Year" in 1994. Two years later, Marc Anthony released a follow-up record to Otra Nota entitled To-do a Su Tiempo, which George also produced alongside Anthony. Three songs for the album were penned by Panamanian songwriter Omar Alfanno, including the salsa track "Te Conozco Bien". On the chorus, Marc Anthony repeats "me atrevería a decir que estás arrepentida" ("I'd dare say that you are regretful").
Promotion and reception
"Te Conozco Bien" was released as the first promotional single from the album on May 30, 1995. A truncated version of the song was added to Marc Anthony's greatest hits album Desde un Principio: From the Beginning (1999), while the original recording was included on the compilation album Éxitos Eternos (2003). Marc Anthony delivered a performance the song in 2000 at in at the Madison Square Garden in New York City, which was later released on their live video album The Concert from Madison Square Garden (2001). In 2010, Puerto Rican singer Ángel López covered the song as a ballad on their studio album Historias de Amor, a collection of songs Alfanno had previously composed. The song, along with the rest of the album, was arranged and produced by Alfanno.
In an article highlighting the "Latino Night" show in 1996, Ron Sylvester of the Springfield News-Leader called "Te Conozco Bien" "one of the best dance tracks of the year". Retrospectively, the track was featured on Cosmopolitans list of "14 Best Latin Songs You Forgot You Were Obsessed With", while La Prensa called it one of Marc Anthony's best 15 songs. At the 1996 Billboard Latin Music Awards, "Te Conozco Bien" won "Hot Latin Track of the Year" on the Tropical/Salsa field. The track was nominated in the category of Tropical Song of the Year at the 8th Annual Lo Nuestro Awards in the same year, ultimately losing to "Abriendo Puertas" by Gloria Estefan. The track was recognized as one of the best-performing songs of the year at the 1996 ASCAP Latin Awards. In the United States, "Te Conozco Bien" peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart and reached the top position of the Tropical Airplay chart. It was the best-performing song of 1995 on the latter chart.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of Billboard Tropical Airplay number ones of 1994 and 1995
References
1995 songs
1995 singles
Marc Anthony songs
Songs written by Omar Alfanno
Song recordings produced by Sergio George
RMM Records singles
Spanish-language songs
Dame Finola Mary O'Farrell DBE KC (born 1960), commonly called The Honourable Mrs Justice O'Farrell is a British high court judge and barrister.
Early life
Finola O'Farrell was educated at St Philomena's Catholic High School for Girls and later earned a bachelor's degree from Durham University in 1982.
Career
O'Farrell was called to the Bar in 1983, became a QC in 2002, and was appointed as a Recorder in 2007. In 2016, they were appointed as a high court judge and was appointed a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
References
1960 births
Living people
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Alumni of Trevelyan College, Durham
British women judges
English Queen's Counsel
British people of Irish descent
British Roman Catholics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Date of birth missing (living people)
Queen's Counsel 2001–
21st-century English judges
DYRK (96.3 FM), broadcasting as 96.3 WRocK, is a radio station owned and operated by Exodus Broadcasting Company, Inc.. The station's studio and transmitter are located at Room 2016, 20th Floor, Golden Peak Hotel and Suites, Gorordo Ave. cor. Escario St., Brgy. Camputhaw, Cebu City. It operates daily for 5:00 am to 11:00 pm.
Background
Exodus Broadcasting Company was established by the Hodreal family on October 2, 1993, and operated as a sister company of ACWS-UBN. It launched WRocK in Cebu province.
On October 6, 2008, it was announced that the Elizalde Group of Companies' Manila Broadcasting Company (MBC) purchased the Manila station DWRK from the Hodreal family, owners of ACWS-UBN and Exodus, for . Except for the acquisition price, further terms were not disclosed. While DWRK since then has been under the control of MBC, ACWS-UBN and Exodus retain control of the WRocK provincial stations. In the same year, ACWS-UBN decided to re-establish the original WRocK format via online streaming, branding it as "WRocK Online" through Hayag.com, while DYRK was relaunched as a separate entity from WRocK Online.
In June 2016, the station removed the "Cebu" suffix on its branding". This was done to reflect that DYRK is the sole station bearing the WRocK brand.
See also
WRocK Online
References
External links
Radio stations established in 1993
Radio stations in Metro Cebu
John E. "Jumbo" Dwyer was an American professional baseball player who played catcher and outfield in one game for the 1882 Cleveland Blues.
Career
Dwyer appeared in one major league game with the Cleveland Blues of the National League on May 16, 1882 against the Detroit Wolverines in Detroit. They started the game as Cleveland's catcher, before moving to left field in the fifth inning. Recounting the game, the Detroit Free Press levied harsh criticism of their play in the field, writing: "[Cleveland] tried an experiment behind the bat in the person of a big Chicagoan named Dwyer, whom they brought along as a catcher. They were not a success, and when they took the field in the fifth inning they were sent out into left field. This was poor judgement, for while they did not do good work behind the bat, they were utterly useless in the field expect to throw balls back to the diamond, and the Detroit boys faced around and sent them out to him."
Dwyer allowed two passed balls while recording an assist. At the plate, they went hitless but did record a run batted in.
The following day, Dwyer told a Free Press reporter that despite the paper referring to them as a "Chicagoan" the day before, they actually lived in Colorado and had been playing baseball in Iowa, but had been in Chicago the day before the game. Dwyer told the reporter that they were no condition to play the game after not sleeping on their trip from Chicago, and alleged that Cleveland pitcher George Bradley was crossing them up intentionally.
The following spring, Dwyer signed with the Trenton, New Jersey club of the Interstate Association. They played in 25 games before asking for their own release in August.
References
External links
Cleveland Blues (NL) players
19th-century baseball players
Baseball players from Illinois
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball outfielders
Year of death missing
Trenton (minor league baseball) players
People from Kendall County, Illinois
Year of birth missing
Christopher Welton Babbidge (born March 14, 1949) is an American politician who is currently representing the 8th district in the Maine House of Representatives since 2014.
Babbidge previously served in the Maine House of Representatives representing the 141st district from 2002 to 2008.
References
1949 births
Maine Democrats
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
University of Maine alumni
People from Kennebunk, Maine
Living people
South Portland High School alumni
Bresiliidae is a family of crustaceans belonging to the order Decapoda.
Genera:
Bresilia Calman, 1896
Encantada Wicksten, 1989
References
Decapods
Decapod families
The Palm Dog Award is a yearly alternative award presented by the international film critics during the Cannes Film Festival. Begun in 2001 by Toby Rose, it is awarded to the best performance by a canine (live or animated) or group of canines during the festival. The award consists of a leather dog collar with the term "PALM DOG". The name of the award is a play on words of the Palme d'Or, the festival's highest honor.
First reported in June 2002, the Palm Dog has been reported by major news outlets around the world, including Financial Times Deutschland, Sydney Morning Herald, The New York Times, the BBC, the Los Angeles Times, and ABC News. In 2012 the judges for the Palm Dog were The Times chief film critic Kate Muir, The Daily Telegraph's Robbie Collin, The Guardian's Peter Bradshaw and Heat Magazine's Charles Gant.
Award winners
2000s
2010s
2020s
References
External links
Official website
Cannes Film Festival
Lists of films by award
Awards to animals
Awards established in 2001
Dogs in popular culture
2001 establishments in France
John O'Keeffe (born 17 November 1988) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
O'Keeffe made their first appearance for the team during the 2011 National League and has become a regular player over the last few seasons. Since then they have won one Munster winners' medal. They have ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level O'Keeffe plays with the Clonoulty-Rossmore club.
Playing career
Club
O'Keeffe made their senior championship debut for Clonoulty-Rossmore in 2004.
They have enjoyed little success with the senior team, losing back-to-back championship deciders in 2010 and 2011.
Inter-county
O'Keeffe first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Tipperary minor hurling team. They enjoyed much success in this grade as Tipperary reached the All-Ireland decider via the "back-door" in 2006. Three-in-a-row hopefuls Galway provided the opposition, however, Tipp powered to 2–18 to 2–7 victory. It was O'Keeffe's sole All-Ireland medal in that grade.
O'Keeffe subsequently joined the Tipperary under-21 team. They won a Munster medal in this grade in their debut season following a controversial one-point defeat of Clare. Tipp later reached the All-Ireland, however, O'Keeffe's side were defeated by Kilkenny.
In 2011 O'Keeffe made their senior debut for Tipp in a National Hurling League game against Waterford. Their first championship start came later that year against Cork. A 7-19 to 0-19 trouncing of Waterford in the subsequent provincial decider gave O'Keeffe their first Munster medal. For the third successive year, Tipperary faced off against Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final, however, on this occasion Kilkenny were slight underdogs going up against the new champions. Kilkenny started quickly and never surrendered the lead in the 2-17 to 1-16 victory.
O'Keeffe was dropped from Tipperary's starting fifteen in 2012 but remained on the extended panel of players. They announced their retirement from inter-county hurling in October 2017.
References
1988 births
Living people
Clonoulty-Rossmore hurlers
Tipperary inter-county hurlers
Inner City (; ) the central part of Budapest. It is more or less equivalent with the historic old town of Pest.
Location
The Inner City is situated on the left bank of the river Danube. Until 1949 it was the 4th district of the town. Since then it has largely comprised the 5th district and the 6th district. The border of the city from the east follows the line of the old city walls, which is the Small Boulevard; its sections are (Charles Boulevard), (Museum Boulevard) and (Vámház Boulevard). The border from the west is the river Danube itself.
A colloquial definition of inner city (or city centre, both with lower case letters) also exists according to which the city centre of Budapest in a broader sense is bordered by the Grand Boulevard on Pest side of the city. In Buda (if it is also included), it is bordered by the continuation of Grand Boulevard by Margit körút (Margaret Boulevard), Krisztina körút (Christina Boulevard), Budaörsi út (Budaörsi Street) and Bocskai út (Bocskai Street). So the wider area comprises the whole 5th district and some parts of the 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, and the 13th districts on the Pest side, while also certain parts of the 1st., 2nd, 11th, and the 12th. districts on the Buda side.
Parts of the city center
The City itself
The main part of 5th district (Belváros, English: Inner City) with Dunakorzó (Danube Promenade) in its heart.
6th district (Terézváros, English:Theresa Town)
The surrounding area (clockwise from north)
Lipótváros (English: Leopold Town). It is the other part of the 5th district and the political-financial centre of the town.
7th district (Erzsébetváros, English: Elisabeth Town).
8th district (Józsefváros, English: Joseph Town)
9th district (Ferencváros, English: Francis Town)
The inner parts of Buda.
Landmarks
The heart of the City
Dunakorzó (Danube Promenade)
Dunakorzó is a long esplanade along the left bank of the river with some of the monuments.
Belvárosi Plébániatemplom (Inner City Parish Church)
Belvárosi plábániatemplom is the oldest church of the town.
Egyetemi templom (University Church)
Egyetemi templom is a church next to ELTE university.
Deák téri evangélikus templom (Evangelical Church on Deák Square)
Evangelical Church on Deák Square is an old Lutheran church on Deák Ferenc tér.
Pilvax kávézó (Pilvax Café)
Pilvax kávézó is a café with historical significance.
Váci Street (Váci Street)
Váci Street is the town's main shopping street full of shops, banks and also some travel agencies. Many tourists start sightseeing there.
Farther from the Danube
Parliament building
The Parliament building is the largest one in Hungary and serves as the center of the Hungarian lawmaking.
Szabadság Square
Szabadság Square is in the center of the town surrounded by monuments and historic buildings.
Opera House
Hungarian State Opera House is one of the most precious historic buildings of the town hosting the Hungarian State Opera.
Ballet Institute
The building was the host of the Hungarian ballet.
Monuments in Buda
Várhegy (with Buda Castle)
Várhegy contains the Buda Castle and a lot of historic buildings around it.
Transport
The three Budapest Metro lines converge at Ferenc Deák Square where the Blue and Red lines meet the Millennium Underground Railway (yellow). There are several bus, tram and trolleybus lines in this area.
See also
List of districts in Budapest
References
External links
Attractions of Budapest: 1, 2, 3
The Inner City of Budapest (Budapest Pages)
Erzébetváros and the Jewish quarter of Pest
Belváros-Lipótváros
Neighbourhoods of Budapest
The Medical College of Chile (; also known as Colmed) is a professional association of Chilean physicians. According its statutes the Chilean Medical College has the objectives of promoting the improvement, protection, development and rationalization of the profession. Izkia Siches has been its president since 2017.
Former presidents include Ricardo Vacarezza, Enrique Accorsi, Juan Luis Castro, Pablo Rodríguez, and Enrique Paris.
References
Professional associations based in Chile
Medical associations based in South America
Medical and health organisations based in Chile
The 2010–11 season is PAS Giannina F.C.'s 26th competitive season in the second division of Greek football and 45th year in existence as a football club. They also compete in the Greek Cup.
Players
Updated:-
International players
Foreign players
Personnel
Management
Coaching staff
Medical staff
Academy
Transfers
Summer
In
Out
Winter
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Football League (Greece)
League table
Results summary
Fixtures
Greek cup
Second round
Fourth round
Fifth round
Statistics
Appearances
Goalscorers
Clean sheets
Disciplinary record
Awards
Top Scorer of Beta Ethniki:Ibrahima Bakayoko (19 goals)
Source: Soccerway
References
External links
Official Website
PAS Giannina F.C. seasons
Greek football clubs 2010–11 season
This is a list of Time Team special episodes that aired between 1997 and 2014. These special episodes often depart somewhat from the regular Time Team format, by revisiting previous sites to do a follow-up story; travelling outside the UK to excavate other sites of interest; chronicling digs overseen by other organisations; or using information gleaned from other Time Team episodes to draw a more complete picture of ordinary life during a particular historical era. Other specials may focus on a dig with a particular holiday theme; a more complex excavation over a longer period than the standard three days; or a visit to a particularly famous historical site.
Most shows fit within a 1-hour time-slot (approx. 46–49 minutes of content), although some (e.g. episodes 3, 9, 26, 33, 35, 36) are longer at 1.25 hours of content, and some (i.e. episode 24) at 1.75 hours. Regular contributors include: presenter Tony Robinson; archaeologists Mick Aston, Phil Harding, Carenza Lewis, Helen Geake; historians Francis Pryor; Robin Bush, Guy de la Bedoyere, Sam Newton, Alex Langlands; illustrator Victor Ambrus; landscape investigator Stewart Ainsworth; geophysics John Gater, Chris Gaffney; surveyor Henry Chapman; and, Roman specialist Mark Corney.
Episodes (1997-2000)
1997
1999
2000
Episodes (2001-2005)
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
Episodes (2006-2010)
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
Episodes (2011-2014)
2011
2012
2013
2014
See also
List of Time Team Episodes
Time Team Live
Time Team History Hunters
Time Team Digs
Time Team Extra
Time Team America
Time Team Others
References
External links
Time Teamat Channel4.com
The Unofficial Time Team site Fan site
Time Team
Vsevolod Vladimirovich Lebedintsev () (5 July 1881 – 17 February 1908) was a Russian astronomer and revolutionary.  They are primarily known today for their participation in a failed plot in 1908 to assassinate Ivan Shcheglovitov, the Russian Minister of Justice, for which they were tried and executed. They were the inspiration behind the character Werner in Leonid Andreyev's short story "The Seven Who Were Hanged".
References
1881 births
1908 deaths
Scientists from Odesa
Socialist Revolutionary Party politicians
Executed revolutionaries
Russian revolutionaries
Prisoners of the Peter and Paul Fortress
Carl Carey Anderson (December 2, 1877 – October 1, 1912) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio. They were elected to two terms, serving from 1909 until 1912, when they died as a result of an automobile accident at the age of 34.
Early life and career
Born in Bluffton, Ohio, Anderson moved to Sandusky County in 1881 with their parents, who settled in Fremont. They attended the common schools, and then worked as a traveling salesperson. They moved to Fostoria, Seneca County, and engaged in the manufacture of underwear.
Political career
Anderson was elected mayor of Fostoria, Ohio, in 1905 and again in 1907, on each occasion for a term of two years. They served as president of the city hospital board and director in a number of manufacturing enterprises.
Congress
Anderson was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-first and Sixty-second Congresses and served from March 4, 1909, until their death in an automobile accident near Fostoria, Ohio, October 1, 1912.
They were interred in Oakwood Cemetery (Fremont, Ohio).
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
Sources
Carl C. Anderson, late a representative from Ohio, Memorial addresses delivered in the House of Representatives and Senate frontispiece 1913
1877 births
1912 deaths
People from Fremont, Ohio
Road incident deaths in Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
People from Fostoria, Ohio
People from Bluffton, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
This is a list of Spanish football transfers for the summer sale prior to the 2021–22 season of La Liga. Only moves from La Liga are listed.
The summer transfer window will begin on 1 July 2021, although a few transfers were announced prior to that date, the transferred players will not officially become part of their new club until the window's opening. The window will close at midnight on 2 September 2021. Players without a club can join one at any time, either during or in between transfer windows. Clubs below La Liga level can also sign players on loan at any time. If needed, clubs can sign a goalkeeper on an emergency loan, if all others are unavailable.
Alavés
Manager: Javier Calleja (2nd season)
In
Out
Athletic Bilbao
Manager: Marcelino (2nd season)
In
Out
Atlético Madrid
Manager: Diego Simeone (11th season)
In
Out
Barcelona
Manager: Ronald Koeman (2nd season)
In
Out
Cádiz
Manager: Álvaro Cervera (7th season)
In
Out
Celta Vigo
Manager: Eduardo Coudet (2nd season)
In
Out
Elche
Manager: Fran Escribá (2nd season)
In
Out
Espanyol
Manager: Vicente Moreno (2nd season)
In
Out
Getafe
Manager: Míchel (1st season)
In
Out
Granada
Manager: Robert Moreno (1st season)
In
Out
Levante
Manager: Paco López (5th season)
In
Out
Mallorca
Manager: Luis García (2nd season)
In
Out
Osasuna
Manager: Jagoba Arrasate (4th season)
In
Out
Rayo Vallecano
Manager: Andoni Iraola (2nd season)
In
Out
Real Betis
Manager: Manuel Pellegrini (2nd season)
In
Out
Real Madrid
Manager: Carlo Ancelotti (1st season)
In
Out
Real Sociedad
Manager: Imanol Alguacil (4th season)
In
Out
Sevilla
Manager: Julen Lopetegui (3rd season)
In
Out
Valencia
Manager: José Bordalás (1st season)
In
Out
Villarreal
Manager: Unai Emery (2nd season)
In
Out
References
Transfers
Spain
2021
The 1982 Brent Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Brent London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went in no overall control.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
The women's long jump event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 11 and 12 September 1979.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Final
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
State Road 35 is an IB-class road in southeastern Serbia and Kosovo, connecting Romania at They Đerdap I with Albania at Vërmica.
Before the new road categorization regulation given in 2013, the route wore the following names: M 25, M 1.12, M 1, M 9 and M 2 (before 2012) / 14, A5 and A1 (after 2012).
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes. By the valid Space Plan of the Republic of Serbia, it's section of the road is not planned for upgrading to a motorway and is expected to be conditioned in its current state.
The road is a part of following European routes: E75, E80, E771 and E851.
Sections
See also
Roads in Serbia
Roads in Kosovo
Notes
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia (Putevi Srbije)
Official website - Corridors of Serbia (Koridori Srbije) (Serbian)
State roads in Serbia
Ángel Felicísimo Ojeda Rojas (December 20, 1909 – July 20, 2003) was an Ecuadorian writer.
 They are best known for their novel El éxodo de Yangana (1949), which placed them among the most prominent authors of Ecuador. Rojas got into the literary world early during their student years. While doing their law degree at the University of Loja, they were editor of the University magazine.
Rojas founded the Socialist Party of Loja in 1927. Another of Rojas' inclinations developed during their college years, the attraction toward socialism. Even as a student, they were an energetic and dedicated member of the Ecuadorian Socialist Party. Later on, however, they had a falling out with the party. But that parting did not deter their fascination with socialist ideology. It was this passionate support of socialism that led to their arrest and imprisonment by the Ecuadorian government in 1941. Rojas was appointed the Comptroller of the nation by the Ecuadorian President José María Velasco Ibarra during one of their five presidential terms. They were awarded Ecuador's National Prize in Literature "Premio Eugenio Espejo" in 1997. Rojas died in their sleep on July 21, 2003.
Works
Novels
Banca (Loja, 1938)
El éxodo de Yangana (Buenos Aires, 1949)
Curipamba (Loja, 1983)
El club de los Machorros (Loja, Inédita)
Short Stories
Un idilio bobo (Quito, 1946)
El busto de doña Leonor (Quito, 1997)
Non-fiction
La novela ecuatoriana (México, 1948)
References
1909 births
2003 deaths
Ecuadorian male writers
People from Loja, Ecuador
FlyErbil is an Iraqi–Kurdish airline based at Erbil International Airport, Kurdistan Region. The airline was founded in 2015, but there was a three-year delay before its first launch due to the ISIL offensive in northern Iraq.
History
On 28 June 2018, FlyErbil commenced its first flight from Erbil International Airport to Rotterdam The Hague Airport via Kyiv International Airport (Zhuliany).
Destinations
As of March 2022, FlyErbil operates to the following destinations:
Fleet
References
External links
Airlines established in 2015
Iraqi brands
Airlines of Iraq
Iraqi companies established in 2015
Middle PWD Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 11 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Middle PWD Ward:
Schools
Pinewood School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 11
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
{{safesubst:#invoke:RfD|||month = September
|day = 25
|year = 2022
|time = 13:42
|timestamp = 20220925134223
|content=
REDIRECT 2020 United States presidential election
}}
Maximiliansweg is a long-distance hiking path through the Bavarian Alps (with some short sections through the Austrian Alps), which connects Lindau (im Bodensee) to Berchtesgaden. The trail is about 350 km in distance and is largely congruous with long-distance path E4. Two boat crossings are suggested, from Lindau to Bregenz (over the Bodensee) and from Bad Wiessee to Tegernsee (over the Tegernsee).
Beginning in Lindau, the path travels through Bregenz, Füssen passing such notable sites as Neuschwanstein castle. It continues through the Ammergauer Alps, Mangfall Mountains, Chiemgauer Alps and ends in Berchtesgaden south of Salzburg.
External links
Brief information with map.
Hiking trails in Bavaria
Chiemgau Alps
Bregenz Forest Mountains
Ammergau Alps
Novoye Karakyure (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dokuzparinsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 850 as of 2010. There are 21 streets.
Geography
Novoye Karakyure is located 4 km northeast of Usukhchay (the district's administrative centre) by road. Stary Gaptsakh and Usukhchay are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Lezgins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dokuzparinsky District
The Scottish Daily News (SDN) was a left-of-centre daily newspaper published in Glasgow between 5 May and 8 November 1975. It was hailed as Britain's first worker-controlled, mass-circulation daily, formed as a workers' cooperative by 500 of the 1,846 journalists, photographers, engineers, and print workers who were made redundant in April 1974 by Beaverbrook Newspapers when the Scottish Daily Express closed its printing operations in Scotland and moved to Manchester.
The redundant workers, who set up a Scottish Daily News action committee, contributed £200,000 of their redundancy money to set up the newspaper, with the British government promising a loan of £1.2 million to enable them to buy the Scottish Daily Express building in Glasgow at 195 Albion Street—a replica of the Daily Express's black-glass Art Deco offices in London's Fleet Street, dubbed the "Black Lubyanka",—if the committee could raise another £275,000. Around £175,000 of this came from members of the public in shares of £25 each, and just over £100,000 from Robert Maxwell, the owner of Pergamon Press.
The newspaper, which had as its slogan "Read the people's paper and keep 500 in jobs," folded after six months with a deficit of £1.2 million, but was published for another six months by a small group of employees who, led by journalist Dorothy-Grace Elder, staged the country's one and only newspaper work-in, writing and selling the paper themselves on the streets of Glasgow, taking no salaries, and refusing to leave the Albion Street building.
Broadsheet
The first 16-page edition of the newspaper rolled off the presses as a broadsheet, as the Scottish Daily Express had been, at 9:50 p.m. on 4 May 1975, under the editorship of Fred Sillito, with Andrew McCallum as news editor, and 500 employee-shareholders. The journalists, based on the third floor of the Albion Street building, agreed to take a basic £69 a week salary and the editor £150. Dorothy-Grace Elder, later an early Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) from 1999, became the editor of the women's section. The first issue sold out at over 300,000 copies.
Although the broadsheet format was then believed by many employees to be a mistake, as reports had shown that the Scottish public preferred the tabloid format, the action committee, now called the executive council or works council, confidently expected circulation to fall to 220,000 within three weeks as the novelty of the newspaper wore off. However, circulation dropped further and more quickly than expected, reaching 190,000 in the third week. After taking returns into account, this produced an actual sales figures of less than 180,000, which meant that financial losses had begun to occur.
According to Christopher Hird in the New Internationalist, a feasibility study conducted by Strathclyde University before the paper began publication indicated that the average daily sale needed to be 200,000 to break even, and that the venture could not work given the costs and expected sales.
After the capital costs were taken into account, Hird wrote, the company had a start-up budget of only £950,000, a relatively small amount to launch a new paper.
Relaunch
By August 1975, losses were running at £30,000 a week with daily circulation down to 80,000, and it was decided to relaunch the newspaper as a tabloid, the first issue of which was published on 18 August with a print run of 240,000, priced at 5p.
Few of the workers had experience of publishing a tabloid, and by the end of August, losses were lower, running at £17,000 a week, but with circulation down to 170,000.
Losses
On 15 September 1975, 300 of the workers attended an emergency meeting set up by Robert Maxwell, who accused the management of the newspaper of playing politics with the workers' jobs, in part because, they said, they were refusing to allow managers to manage and were blocking a price rise that Maxwell felt might save the newspaper The result of the meeting was that two of the managers were removed from the executive council and replaced by two of Maxwell's appointees, Dorothy-Grace Elder and Tommy Clarke.
The losses continued, made worse on 19 September when Beaverbrook began legal action to recover £59,000 the company said was still owed on the sale of the building. The litigation destroyed what was left of the newspaper's financial viability and credit was no longer available. Bills had to be paid immediately, journalists no longer had lines of credit for taxis and petrol, photographers had to pay up front for photographic supplies, and the accounts department became swamped with demands for payment from nervous creditors.
Final days
During the final days of the newspaper, its content became self-obsessed, with appeals to the Scottish people to save their own newspaper The editor was forced out, and a new editor appointed, Nathan Goldberg, a communist and the newspaper's former night editor, who took over on 6 October. When asked how they felt about this, they compared themselves to the captain of the Titanic, thereafter becoming known as "Nathan Iceberg".
The government refused to extend any additional loans to save the newspaper, or to give up its secured creditor status on the loan for the building, which would have meant the newspaper could have raised money using the building as collateral.
During a workers' meeting on 20 October 1975, with circulation running at 150,000 a day, the company chairperson Alistair Blyth announced that a provisional liquidator, James Whitton of Coopers & Lybrand, had been appointed to take over the running of the newspaper as administrators, with the aim of saving it rather than continuing the liquidation process. Whitton's options were to sell the newspaper as a going concern, find new investors, or split up and sell the assets. The advantage of having a liquidator sanctioned by the courts on board was that the newspaper's credit was guaranteed and salaries could be paid.
The next day, 21 October, members of the executive council met Prime Minister Harold Wilson to ask again, without success, that the government's loan conditions be relaxed.
On Saturday, 1 November, the workers held a rally in at Custom House Quay attended by several hundred employees and members of the Scottish National Party (SNP), where speakers appealed to the government to save the newspaper and the 500 jobs. Those who addressed the rally included Teddy Taylor of the Conservative Party, Margo MacDonald of the SNP, Jimmy Reid of the Communist Party, and representatives of the Scottish Trades Union Congress as well as ministers of Catholic and Protestant churches.
Chairman Alister Blyth told the rally:[A]nyone in the newspaper industry will tell you ... that it takes at least a year for a newspaper to become established, get on its feet to settle its circulation. It became clear that we were under-financed from the start ... This was aggravated, of course, by the fact that we came out with the wrong size of newspaper.
On 6 November, the liquidator announced that they would be winding up the newspaper in two days' time.
Work-in
At a workers' meeting on 7 November 1975, the remaining employees, led by Dorothy-Grace Elder, decided to stage a work-in by refusing to leave the building, and by writing and selling the newspaper themselves on the streets of Glasgow, with the printing handed over to an outside commercial printer because the Albion Street presses were no longer running. A small group of employees stood outside factories and stores at five o'clock every morning shaking tin cans and asking for donations, a situation that continued for six months until, needing to earn a living, workers began to leave, putting an end to Scotland's experiment in worker-controlled news production.
Elder wrote on their Scottish National Party webpage:
For six months, we held that building – technically, illegally. The old black glass Express building was worth millions.
We were the first newspaper workers' co-operative and we worked for free for six months in the freezing and abandoned Albion Street plant, producing a rebel paper we wrote and sold ourselves on the streets.
Throughout, I dreaded the day the phone would ring to tell us the police would be sent in to re-claim the building (then part owned by the Labour government and with a council interest also).
A call came one day from the Lord Provost, Peter McCann, who was also chief magistrate.
"Oh please don't send in the police. We can't risk violence. This is a peaceful work-in," I said before they had a chance to speak. "Police? We could – but we won't," replied McCann. "Councillors wouldn't do that to Glasgow folk who are protesting peacefully. I was just phoning to say I guess your work-in must be hungry since your canteen closed. So you've all to come round to the Corporation canteen, get a cheap dinner and say I sent you if there's any bother".
Albion Street building
The category-A listed building at 195 Albion Street was later used by the Glasgow Evening Times and, from July 1980, by The Glasgow Herald, whereupon it became known as the Herald building. The nine-storey building, built by Beaverbrook in 1937 and extended in 1955, was refurbished in 2004 at a cost of £25 million and turned into an apartment block housing 149 apartments.
See also
List of newspapers in Scotland
Sources
McKay, Ron & Barr, Brian. The Story of the Scottish Daily News. Canongate 1976,
Slattery, Jon. "May 1975: Scotland daily launched", Press Gazette, 26 May 2005
Former SNP webpage of Dorothy-Grace Elder, cached by Google 23 January 2005, retrieved 27 March 2006.
"The Herald Building: Flats could be front page news", Evening News, 23 November 2004
"The Herald Building", FM Developments, retrieved 27 March 2006.
Artist's impression of the refurbished Herald Building
Hird, Christopher. "The crippled giants", New Internationalist, December 1981
References
Newspapers established in 1975
Publications disestablished in 1975
Defunct newspapers published in the United Kingdom
Former co-operatives of the United Kingdom
Mass media in Glasgow
Newspapers published in Scotland
1975 establishments in Scotland
Robert Maxwell
Tartesso is a 49,000 residential units planned community located off Sun Valley Parkway. Tartesso is the third largest development in Buckeye, Arizona.
Tartesso plan
Tartesso was originally announced in 2005, but the project never went into development. The extended period of dormancy ended when Dolphin Partners of Irvine, California purchased more than 10,000 acres from Valley developer Jerry Bisgrove in September 2016.
Homebuilder D.R. Horton will be the major builder in the current phase of Tartesso. In October 2016, Dolphin's affiliate Tartesso Partners LLC sold DR Horton 158 lots for $3,822,500, or $24,200 per lot. D.R. Horton's Express Homes division opened its first Tartesso subdivision in late 2016, and closed homes in January 2017. In June 2017, D.R. Horton purchased an additional 1,894 lots for $60,258,790, or $31,800 per lot, from Tartesso Partners. D.R. Horton had "Grand Opening Pricing" at its Tartesso-DR Horton Series as of August 23, 2017.
The development was originally developed by Stardust Companies and may take 25 years to finish, but at build-out, it could have 100,000 to 150,000 residents. As of January 2008, 964 of 3,375 lots planned were occupied in the first phase.
At its completion, Tartesso will include a 500-acre town center, 17 elementary schools, three high schools, 26 parks, one hospital and create nearly 18,000 jobs.
Tartesso schools
All of Tartesso schools are part of the Saddle Mountain Unified School District.
Footnotes
External links
Tartesso: Master Planned Community
Buckeye Commercial Development
Unofficial Tartesso Community Site
AZ Central
Populated places in Maricopa County, Arizona
Planned communities in the United States
Niankhba was an ancient Egyptian official from the end of the Fifth Dynasty, in office under king Unas. Niankhba was vizier and was therefore the most important official at the royal court. Niankhba is known from their mastaba next to the pyramid of king Unas. The mastaba was found heavily destroyed. Their name and titles are only known from the inscriptions found in the burial chamber. The walls of the burial chamber were decorated. The sarcophagus in the burial chamber was inscribed.
References
Literature
Viziers of the Fifth Dynasty of Egypt
Doga Sharif (ڈوگہ شریف) is a village Gujrat District of Punjab, Pakistan. It is situated on the Bhimber Road, located at 32°43'42"N 74°4'37"E and is the second largest village of Tehsil Gujrat. A large pond is also situated by the main entrance of village.
Education
Doga Sharif has a High School for girls and boys inside the village and primary school for boys and many private schools.
The population of Doga Sharif is estimated to be 18,000. Natural gas has been discovered in this village. Doga has many communities Gujjar, Thalla, Mehar, Jat, Rajpoot and many others. The population is 99.99% Muslim with a Sunni majority. Agriculture is a profession of people of Doga. Small land holdings and no proper source of irrigation have forced people to look for alternatives. From then on till mid-1990s Middle East was the favorite destination for the workers. But now people from Doga are working and living in Europe, Middle East, mainly Greece, Italy, Spain, Saudi Arabia and UAE. Many are well settled and living with their families.
Villages in Gujrat District
Dulwich Common may refer to:
A historic flood plain now called West Dulwich
Part of the A205 South Circular road in Dulwich and the London Borough of Southwark.
Shannon Kleibrink (born October 7, 1968 in Norquay, Saskatchewan) is a retired Canadian curler from Okotoks, Alberta. They and their team of third Amy Nixon, second Glenys Bakker, lead Christine Keshen and alternate Sandra Jenkins represented Canada at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy. They won a bronze medal.
Career
Kleibrink made their debut at the 1993 Scott Tournament of Hearts, Canada's national curling championship where their team of Sandra Jenkins, Sally Shigehiro and Joanne Wright finished 6-5 representing team Alberta. Kleibrink didn't qualify for the Scotts again until 2004, but in the meantime they made it to the final of the 1997 Olympic Trials. At the trials, where the winner played for Canada at the 1998 Winter Olympics, Kleibrink lost in the final to Sandra Schmirler. In 2004 Kleibrink became the first woman to win a Canadian Mixed Curling Championship as skip. They were also the first woman to skip a team at the mixed, when they did so the previous year, where they lost in the final. Only a few weeks later, Kleibrink and their women's team won the 2004 Alberta Scott Tournament of Hearts, defeating the defending champion Deb Santos team in the final, 6–5. At the 2004 Scott Tournament of Hearts, Kleibrink and their team of Amy Nixon, Glenys Bakker and Stephanie Marchand finished 6–5, out of the playoffs.
In 2005, Kleibrink won that year's Canada Cup where they beat Jan Betker in the final. Later on that year, Kleibrink qualified for the Olympics, when they beat Kelly Scott's team from Kelowna, British Columbia at the 2005 Canadian Olympic trials. Kleibrink's team began the tournament at 1-3 before winning seven straight games to qualify. In the final end of the championship game, Kleibrink scored 3 points to win the match 8–7.
Kleibrink won the 2008 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts, by defeating Renée Sonnenberg in the final, coming back from a 5–1 deficit to win 7–6. This qualified their team to represent Alberta at the 2008 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Regina, Saskatchewan, where they represented Alberta for a third time. There, they had their best career showing at the Hearts. They finished in first place after the round robin with a 10–1 record. They then defeated Sherry Middaugh of Ontario to advance to the finals for the first time. However, they were defeated in the championship game by Jennifer Jones of Manitoba.
The following year, Kleibrink's team lost to Heather Nedohin's rink in the 2009 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts semi-final, failing to return to that year's national championships. However, Kleibrink did see some success, having won the 2009 Canada Cup of Curling, defeating Marie-France Larouche in the final. In addition, Kleibrink earned a direct berth into the 2009 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials to be held in Edmonton. At the Olympic Trials, Kleibrink lost in the final to Cheryl Bernard. Kleibrink failed to make it to the Scotties once again, losing to Valerie Sweeting in the 2010 Alberta Scotties Tournament of Hearts final.
It was announced at the 2011 Canada Cup of Curling, that following the event, Bronwen Webster, who is pregnant, will sit out the rest of the season and be replaced by Carolyn McRorie, who had filled in for Kleibrink earlier in the season, and Matson, who did not participate in the Canada Cup for family obligations.
For the 2012/2013 season, Kleibrink will add Kalynn Park to their lineup at second position. Kleibrink's longtime third Amy Nixon decided to leave and form their own rink. Bronwen Webster will move up to play third and Chelsey Matson will remain at lead. Park joined the team at the end of the 2011/2012 season, playing in one tournament, the 2012 Victoria Curling Classic Invitational, at the third position.
For the 2015/2016 season, Kleibrink has added Sarah Wilkes and Alison Kotylak to their team.
After the 2017-18 Season Kleibrink announced their retirement
Personal life
Kleibrink works as the Director of Community Curling Centre Development for Curling Alberta.  They are married to Richard Kleibrink and has two children. They currently coach the Jeremy Harty rink which includes their son Kyler Kleibrink at third.
Grand Slam record
Former events
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Curlers from Calgary
Curlers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Canadian women curlers
Canadian mixed curling champions
Olympic curlers of Canada
Olympic bronze medalists for Canada
Olympic medalists in curling
Medalists at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Curlers from Saskatchewan
Continental Cup of Curling participants
Canada Cup (curling) participants
Canadian curling coaches
Cicala is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
The Manipur State Museum () is an institution displaying a collection of artistic, cultural, historical and scientific artefacts and relics in Imphal, Manipur, India. It has galleries housing materials of natural history, ethnology and archeology.
Overview
The Manipur State Museum () houses ornaments, textiles, agricultural equipments of Ancient Manipur, Medieval Manipur and Modern Manipur. The museum conveys an all encompassing picture of the history of the life of the Manipuri people.
History
The Manipur State Museum () was inaugurated by Indira Gandhi, the then prime minister of India on the 23rd of September, 1969. It has been expanded to a multipurpose museum. It has many sections and subsections. One prominent section is the ethnological gallery. This gallery was formally reopened by Ved Marwah, the then Governor of Manipur, on the 20th of January, 2001.
Collections
The most famous piece on display is a Hiyang Hiren, used by the royalties. It is 78 feet in length and is in an open gallery.
Other collection include coins, manuscripts, instruments, pottery, dresses, paintings and ornaments of Ancient Manipur, Medieval Manipur and Modern Manipur.
The Museum has a publication for more than 500 species of rare orchids, out of which only 472 orchids have been identified. Several experts opined that no one comes across anywhere in India with such a variety of orchid species as in Manipur.
The royal Howdah (), presently on display in the Manipur State Museum, was personally used by Sir Meidingngu Churachand Singh KCSI (1891-1941 AD), CBE, the King of Manipur.
Exhibits
The Museum exhibits mainly cultural themes and awareness programs. Some of the exhibits include tribal ornaments, Meitei ornaments, headgears, agricultural implements, domestic implements, hunting tools, smoking pipes and lighters, terracotta pottery, gold and silver utensils, polo saddlery, traditional water pipe, Meitei textiles, Meitei time measuring device, ancient gold mask, caskets, riderless horse statues, arms and armory, basketry, tribal costumes, etc.
The time measuring implements like the "Tanyei Pung" and the "Tanyei Chei" testify the knowledge of the ancient Meiteis in Ancient Manipur civilization.
The costumes exhibited are important to study the social structure of Manipur.
The royal Howdah () of Sir Churachand Singh KCSI (1891-1941 AD), CBE, the then King of Manipur, is also displayed in the Manipur State Museum.
The Manipur State Museum also organises workshops for traditional Manipuri sculptors-souvenir.
See also
Imphal Peace Museum
INA War Museum
Kakching Garden
Keibul Lamjao National Park - world's only floating national park in Manipur, India
Khonghampat Orchidarium
Loktak Folklore Museum
Manipur Zoological Garden
Phumdi - Floating biomasses in Manipur, India
Sekta Archaeological Living Museum
Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary
Three Mothers Art Gallery
References
External links
Manipur State Museum artnculturemanipur.gov.in
Manipur State Museum www.museumsofindia.org
Cultural heritage of India
Landmarks in India
Meitei culture
Monuments and memorials in India
Monuments and memorials in Imphal
Monuments and memorials in Manipur
Monuments and memorials to Meitei people
Monuments and memorials to Meitei royalties
Museums in Manipur
Public art in India
Tourist attractions in India
An Aryan paragraph () was a clause in the statutes of an organization, corporation, or real estate deed that reserved membership and/or right of residence solely for members of the "Aryan race" and excluded from such rights any non-Aryans, particularly those of Jewish and Slavic descent. They were an omnipresent aspect of public life in Germany and Austria from 1885 to 1945.
One of the first documented examples of such a paragraph was written by the Austrian nationalist leader and anti-Semite Georg von Schönerer in their nationalistic Linz Program of 1882, and countless German national sports-clubs, song societies, school clubs, harvest circles and fraternities followed suit.
In Nazi Germany
The best-known Aryan paragraphs are in the legislation of Nazi Germany. They served to exclude Jews from organizations, federations, political parties, and, ultimately, all public life. Besides Jews, people not considered Aryans included Poles, Serbs, Russians, and other Slavs.
Based on the bylaws and programs of antisemitic organizations and parties of the late 19th century (such as the German Social Party in 1889), the Aryan Paragraph first appeared in the Third Reich in the formulation of the Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service, which was passed on 7 April 1933. It stipulated that only those of Aryan descent, i.e. without Jewish parents or grandparents, could be employed in the civil service. The Aryan Paragraph was extended to education on 25 April 1933, in the Law against the Overcrowding of German Schools and Universities.
On June 30 of the same year, it was broadened to entail that even marriage to a "non-Aryan" sufficed for exclusion from a civil service career. In keeping with Nazi synchronization (Gleichschaltung), Nazi Party pressure led many federations and organizations to adopt the Aryan Paragraph. Thus, Jews were barred from the public health system, honorary public offices, editorial offices (Editor Law) and theaters (Reichskulturkammer), and agriculture (Reichserbhofgesetz), a progression culminating in the Nuremberg Laws "for the final separation of Jewry from the German Volk". Prior to this, there were exceptions, such as combat veterans, service in the National Rising [Erhebung], honorary Aryans, and so on, but now Jews and "Jewish mixed-breeds" (Mischlinge) were confronted with a ban in nearly all professions. The Aryan Paragraph was accepted largely without protest, except within the Evangelical Church, when it provoked the splitting off of the Confessing Church.
See also
Ahnenpass
Anti-Slavic sentiment
Aryan certificate
Ethnic cleansing
Frontkämpferprivileg
References
Sources
The information about Germany and Austria was translated from the German Wikipedia article on this subject.
Aryanism
Nazi terminology
Holocaust racial laws
Real estate in Austria
Real estate in Germany
Repealed German legislation
Antisemitism in Austria
Antisemitism in Germany
Anti-Slavic sentiment
Gasperina is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Gasperina is also the birthplace of internationally collected figurative artist Antonio Diego Voci, 1920–1985.
Cities and towns in Calabria
Crisitán Andrés Romero Godoy (born 26 December 1963) is a Chilean football manager and former player who played as a midfielder.  They are the current manager of Universidad de Chile's youth sides.
Romero has been two times international with national team.
Managerial career
In 2004, they began their career as the assistant coach of Horacio Rivas in Palestino. Later, they have mainly worked in Universidad de Chile, both at youth and senior level. As the head coach, they have also worked for Provincial Osorno in the Primera B de Chile. In addition, they were the General Manager of Deportes Iberia between 2015 and 2017.
In 2021, they replaced Esteban Valencia as the coach of Universidad de Chile.
Honours
Player
Universidad de Chile
Primera División de Chile (2): 1994, 1995
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Chilean footballers
Chile international footballers
Cobreloa footballers
Deportes Melipilla footballers
Lota Schwager footballers
Everton de Viña del Mar footballers
Universidad de Chile footballers
Deportes Iquique footballers
Primera B de Chile players
Chilean Primera División players
Chilean football managers
Provincial Osorno managers
Universidad de Chile managers
Primera B de Chile managers
Chilean Primera División managers
Zbigniew Stanisław Miązek (born January 9, 1966 in Drzewica) is a Polish slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s. They finished 15th in the C-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1966 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Poland
Polish male canoeists
People from Opoczno County
Sportspeople from Łódź Voivodeship
Gary Michael Gilder (born 6 July 1974) is a former South African cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for KwaZulu-Natal from 1994 to 2002 and for Somerset in 2003.
Life and cricket career
Gary Gilder was born on 6 July 1974 in Salisbury, Rhodesia (now Harare, Zimbabwe). They made their first-class cricket debut for Natal B in January 1995 against Western Transvaal, taking five wickets in the match. The following season, they collected ten wickets in a match for the first time, taking five in each inning in a match against Free State B. They were selected as part of the South Africa A team to tour England in 1996, and during that tour they had their best bowling performance in first-class cricket, when they took eight wickets in one innings against Worcestershire. In the 1996–97 South African season, they made the step up to the Natal first-team, appearing in the SuperSport Series for the first time. They were a regular for Natal (KwaZulu Natal from 1998) until the 2001–02 season, when they appeared just once in the SuperSport Series. They ended their career in England, playing for Somerset County Cricket Club, though their appearances for the county were limited to six matches in July and August 2003.
References
1974 births
Living people
South African cricketers
KwaZulu-Natal cricketers
Somerset cricketers
Malahas is a Native American mythological figure of the Nuu-chah-nulth people. They abduct children and brings them into the forest, as such they are known as the Woman of the Woods. Eventually they are brought down by Andaokut.
There is a similar myth about a being known as Dzunukwa told in Kwakwaka'wakw mythology.
References
Nuu-chah-nulth mythology
John Stephen Hart (27 December 1866 - 28 May 1952) was an Australian Anglican bishop who was the Bishop of Wangaratta in the Church of England in Australia (now the Anglican Church of Australia).
Early life
Hart was born in Caulfield, Victoria, in 1866, the son of John Hart and their wife Mary, who was the daughter of Sir George Stephen. They were educated at East St Kilda Grammar School.
Education and ministry
Hart graduated from the University of Melbourne in 1887 and was ordained deacon in 1893 and priest in 1894. They served curacies at St Paul's, Geelong (1893-1896) and Christ Church, South Yarra (1896-1900). They were then the vicar of Holy Trinity Benalla (1900-1903), St Anselm's Middle Park (1904-1907) and St Martin's Hawksburn (1907-1914).
In 1912 Hart was appointed to the theological staff at Trinity College, Melbourne. In 1914 they became the Warden of St John's Theological College in St Kilda East. In September 1919 they were elected the Dean of Melbourne following the death of Charles Godby. They were appointed Bishop of Wangaratta in 1927 and retired in 1942.
Personal life
In 1900, at Christ Church, South Yarra, they married Catherine Buckhurst (1868-1942). Hart died in 1952, aged 85, and was buried at St Kilda Cemetery.
References
Sources
The Times, 2 May 1927
Australian Dictionary of Biography
Deans of Melbourne
Anglican bishops of Wangaratta
1866 births
1952 deaths
Lynda Barnes (née Norry, born October 7, 1967) is one of the world's leading females tenpin bowlers.  They are a former member of the PWBA (Professional Women's Bowling Association). Bowling as an amateur, Lynda won the 1998 USBC Queens championship, then known as the WIBC Queens. In 1999, Lynda married Chris Barnes, a leading bowler on the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA) tour. The couple's twin sons, Troy and Ryan, were born in May 2002. Lynda is a former member of Team USA.
In 2005, along with Paul Moor of England, they were named the 2005 World Bowling Writers Bowler of the Year.
Lynda appears briefly in the 2006 documentary A League of Ordinary Gentlemen, as their husband was one of four PBA bowlers highlighted in the film.
In August 2006, Lynda competed in the USBC Women's Challenge tournament held at a mall in Las Vegas. The made-for-TV event was later shown on ESPN in a weekly format throughout September and October. They also qualified 7th in the 2007 U.S. Women's Open and fought their way through match play to make the four-person televised finals. They lost their semifinal match to finish in a tie for third place.
On April 30, 2008, Barnes won their second career USBC Queens title in an event televised by ESPN2. Entering the finals as the top seed from qualifying, they defeated Amy Stolz, 215-195, to earn a PWBA major title and the $30,000 first-place prize.
Less than two weeks later, on May 11, Barnes defeated four-time PBA titlist Sean Rash 258-237 in the finals of the first USBC "Bowling's Clash of the Champions." Barnes cashed $50,000 in this made-for-television event, broadcast nationally in the USA by CBS. It marked the first time that a woman defeated a man in a televised championship bowling match. The following year, they participated in the second and final USBC "Bowling's Clash of the Champions." Although they were eliminated in the first stage, their husband defeated Rebekah Diers in the championship match by a 257-207 victory. Both they and Chris are the only players to win the USBC Clash of Champions.
Barnes made their second U.S. Women's Open televised finals appearance in 2012, but they lost their opening match to finish in fifth place.
Kelly Kulick and Liz Johnson followed Barnes when they both defeated a man during a televised championship match in bowling. Kulick and Johnson, however, have both won PBA Tour titles. Kulick won the 2010 PBA Tournament of Champions and Johnson won the PBA Chameleon Championship during the 2017 PBA World Series of Bowling.
Lynda's Bio
Hometown: Double Oak, Texas
Birth date: Oct. 7, 1967
Height: 1.63 m (5 feet, 4 inches)
Right/left-handed: Right
Highest certified game: 300 (6)
Highest certified series: 806
Team USA Appearances: 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2005, 2006, 2007*
Barnes was granted an exemption for the 2007 team by the National Selection Committee following the 2006 USBC Team USA Championships
Career highlights
International:
2005 Qubica AMF World Cup champion
Two silver medals (team and all-events) and two bronze (Masters and doubles) at 2005 Women's World Championships
Three gold medals (team, all-events and doubles), one silver (singles) and one bronze (Masters) at 2005 American Zone Championships
1998 WIBC Queens champion
Two gold medals (team, Masters) and one bronze (trios) at 1997 American Zone Championships
1997 British Open champion
Gold medal at 1997 United Arab Emirates Invitational
Gold medal at 1997 Africa Cup
5th at 1997 South African Open
7th at 1996 AMF World Cup
Silver medal at 1996 World Tenpin Team Cup
Five gold medals (singles, doubles, team, all-events, national all-events) at 1996 Tournament of the Americas
Two gold medals and one silver at 1989 World Youth Championships
Gold (team), silver (Masters) and two bronze medals (doubles, trios) at 1989 American Zone Championships
Gold medal (team) at 1991 Pan American Games
Silver (singles) and bronze medal (trios) at 1991 World Championships
National:
3rd at 2011 U.S. Women's Open
5th at 2010 U.S. Women's Open
1st at 2008 Bowling's Clash of the Champions presented by USBC
1st at 2008 USBC Queens
Semi-finalist at the 2007 U.S. Women's Open
1995, 2005 and 2007 U.S. Amateur champion
4th at 2006 USBC Team USA Championships
1998 and 2004 WIBC Tournament Doubles champion (set record score in 2004 with Carolyn Dorin-Ballard)
1st at 1998 USBC Queens
1997 LPBT Fort Worth Regional Mixed Doubles champion
4th at 1997 USA Bowling National Amateur Championships
3rd at 1996 USA Bowling National Amateur Championships
5th at 1991 WIBC Queens
4th at 1991 USA Bowling National Amateur Championships
2nd at 1990 USA Bowling National Amateur Championships
4th at 1989 USA Bowling National Amateur Championships
1989 Association of College Unions International champion
5th at 1988 USA Bowling National Amateur Championships
Awards:
2016 BPAA Dick Weber Bowling Ambassador Award
2006 World Bowling Writers International Bowling Hall of Fame
2005 World Bowling Writers Female Bowler of the Year
2004-05 Bowlers Journal All-America first team
2004 WIBC All-American second team
1998 USOC Bowler of the Year
1998 Bowlers Journal Amateur Bowler of the Year
1997 Bowling Writers Association of America Amateur Bowler of the Year
1997 WIBC All-American team (first amateur to be selected in history)
1996 Bowlers Journal Amateur All-American team
1991 Bowling Writers Association of America Bowler of the Year
1990 California Star of Tomorrow
1989 WIBC Alberta E. Crowe Star of Tomorrow
1989 National Collegiate Bowling Championships All-Tournament team (San Jose State)
1989 World Youth Championships Sportsmanship Award
1989-90 National Collegiate Bowling Coaches Association Most Valuable Player
1988-89 and 1989-90 Bowling Writers Association of American Collegiate Bowler of the Year
1988-89 and 1989-90 National Collegiate Bowling Coaches Association All-American first team
1986-87 and 1987-88 National Collegiate Bowling Coaches Association Collegiate All-American second team
Diablo Women's Bowling Association Hall of Fame
14-time member of Northern California All-Star team
References
Barnes, Lynda
Living people
1967 births
Bowling broadcasters
Pan American Games medalists in bowling
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Lufttransport is a Norwegian helicopter and fixed-wing airline that operates primarily air ambulance helicopters and planes for the Norwegian and Swedish governments. In addition the airline offers services including surveillance for the Norwegian Coast Guard, transport of ship pilots and scheduled air transport in the Norwegian territory of Svalbard.
The airline operates 10 helicopters and 14 fixed-wing aircraft and has headquarters in Tromsø. In 2005 the company had a revenue of 300 million NOK.
History
Early history
Lufttransport was established in 1971 with a base at Bardufoss Airport. By 1973 it had a revenue of 1.3 million Norwegian kroner and four employees. In expanded in 1978 after it was awarded contracts to fly services out of Svalbard Airport, Longyear in 1978. This included both flights for the mining company Store Norske and the research institute Kings Bay to Ny-Ålesund Airport, Hamnerabben.
The company's largest growth came in 1980, when took steps to start flying offshore services. Lufttransport was seen as a credible competitor to the then monopolist Helikopter Service. In 1982 both Statoil and Norsk Hydro signed three-year contracts with a combined value of 300 million kroner to fly to installations in the Norwegian Sea off Northern Norway. For these routes, six Aerospatiale AS 332L Super Pumas were procured between 1983 and 1985. The airline was also awarded a contract with Saga Petroleum to operate offshore flights in Benin. By 1984 the airline reach a revenue of 170 million kroner, with 110 employees, after it started flights to Trænabanken and Tromsøflaket, the latter based out of Tromsø Airport. It also established a base at Bergen Airport, Flesland where Statoil used Lufttransport for some flights to Statfjord.
A fall in the oil price had resulted in a reduced willingness for the oil companies to pay higher prices to Lufttransport in order to entice competition The three-year contract with Statoil and Norsk Hydro was not extended, leaving the company in financial dire straits. Lufttransport therefore contacted Helikopter Service, resulting in a merger from 1 January 1987. Helikopter Service took over all offshore operations, while land-based services continued in the subsidiary Lufttransport.
Merger with Mørefly
Helikopter Service bought another mid-sized helicopter and fixed-wing operator, the Ålesund-based Mørefly, in 1992. Also there the mother company took over all offshore operations and left only the land-based flights for Mørefly. Due to the similarities in profile, Mørefly and Lufttransport were merged in 1995. Tromsø was selected as the new company's head office and it also retained the name Lufttransport. However, it retained the air operator's certificate and organization number of Mørefly, which had been founded in 1955.
At the time of the merger, Mørefly was one of the two large air ambulance operators in Norway, along with Norsk Luftambulanse. In addition to its main base at Ålesund Airport, Vigra, there were fixed-wing air ambulance bases at Brønnøysund Airport, Brønnøy; Bodø Airport; Tromsø Airport; Alta Airport; and Kirkenes Airport, Høybuktmoen, served by six Beechcraft King Air. A Dauphin 2 was flown out of
Ålesund Heliport, Central Hospital. It also held a contract with the Norwegian Coast Guard to fly maritime surveillance over the North Sea.
Helikopter Service sold Lufttransport in 2000 to Norwegian Air Shuttle, at the time a regional airline. It sold Lufttransport and the Swedish operator Heliflyg in 2005 to Norsk Helikopter, Helikopter Service's main competitor. It sold Lufttransport to Knut Axel Ugland Holding three years later, in a deal which saw Ugland sell its 51 percent of Norsk Helikopter to the Bristow Group.
The company returned to offshore flights in 2004, when it won a two-year contract to fly all services in the Norwegian sector for Teekay, later Teekay Petrojarl. The contract has been renewed numerous times.
Lufttransport commenced scheduled passenger services on the route from Bodø Airport to Værøy Heliport in 2005. It won the public service obligation tender, valid from 1 August 2005, ahead of Helikopter Service with a bid of NOK 56 million. Lufttransport renewed the contract for a new three years starting 1 August 2008, after they were the only bidder in the tender. They received NOK 102 million for three years. During this period better navigational aids were installed, allowing helicopters to operate during twice per day also during the dark period of the year. Lufttransport was the only bidder for the following contract, which lasts three years from 1 August 2011. The subsidies for this period are NOK 96 million.
The company started operations on Svalbard in 1978, transporting crew from the new international airport at Longyearbyen to the mines at Svea and Ny-Ålesund. From 1994 the airline has operated Dornier 228 aircraft at Svalbard. Since 2002 the company has co-operated with the shipping pilot service in Bergen, flying pilots out to vessels at sea.
In 2000 its owner CHC Helikopter Service, part of CHC Helicopter, sold Lufttransport to Norwegian Air Shuttle. In 2005 Norwegian sold Lufttransport and the Swedish Heliflyg to Norsk Helikopter. As part of a restructuring of its operations, Norsk Helikopter (now fully owned by Bristow Group) sold Lufttransport in its entirety to Knut Axel Ugland Holding in October 2008.
Operations
Ambulance
In Norway Lufttransport has Beech King Air B200 ambulance planes stationed at
1 Kirkenes Airport, Høybuktmoen
2 Alta Airport
1 Bodø Airport
1 Brønnøysund Airport, Brønnøy
2 Oslo Airport, Gardermoen
1 Tromsø Airport
1 Ålesund Airport, Vigra
It also has helicopter bases at
Brønnøysund Hospital AW139
University Hospital of North Norway Tromsø AW139
Ålesund Hospital AW139
Svalbard
The airline also has two Dornier 228 aircraft stationed at Svalbard Airport, Longyear that fly regular charter flights to Ny-Ålesund Airport, Hamnerabben and Svea Airport for the mining company Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani and the company in charge of the research village of Ny-Ålesund, Kings Bay. One of the Dornier aircraft also carries out surveillance for the Norwegian Coast Guard, primarily checking fishing boats in the Barents Sea. Lufttransport flies about 400 hours per year for the Coast Guard.
From August 29, 2019 one of the aircraft was fitted with high-resolution sensors and advanced communication equipment provided by NORCE research centre making it the first passenger aircraft equipped for environmental monitoring.
Ship pilots
Two Agusta helicopters based at Bergen Airport, Flesland were used to transport ship pilots until 1 July 2017, at which time the contract was won by another Norwegian company, Airlift AS. Ships exceeding 30 000 gross tons with petroleum products are required to have a pilot onboard while navigating into the petroleum refineries of Kårstø, Mongstad and Sture. In addition the company has a contract to fly crew to Teekay Petrojarl's ships in the North Sea
Værøy
Lufttransport flies the public service obligation between Bodø Airport and Værøy Heliport with two daily round trips (one trip on Saturdays and Sundays) with an Agusta Bell AB139.
Fleet
As of August 2017 the Lufttransport fleet includes:
1 Dornier 228-200
1 Dornier 228-200 Next Generation (NG)
11 Beech King Air B200
2 Eurocopter AS332L1 Super Puma
3 Eurocopter AS365N3 Dauphin
5 AgustaWestland AW139
References
Bibliography
External links
Official website
Airlines of Norway
Helicopter airlines
Air ambulance services in Norway
CHC Helikopter Service
Airlines established in 1971
Norwegian companies established in 1971
Calwood Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,097.
History
Calwood Township was established February 23, 1876, carved out of the southwestern sector of a heretofore larger Nine Mile Prairie Township, and named after the community of Calwood, Missouri.
Calwood was formerly known as "Moore's Mill", since a steam mill owned by Moore was located there. The Civil War Battle of Moore's Mill was fought nearby in 1862.
Geography
Calwood Township covers an area of and contains no incorporated settlements. It contains one cemetery, Fairview.
The streams of Dyers Branch, Harrison Branch, Houfs Branch, Maddox Branch, Pinch Creek and Richland Creek run through this township.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Personal life
They have been married to Ryuzo Anzai, a head coach of the Tochigi Brex.
References
1980 births
Living people
Japanese women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Japan
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
21st-century Japanese women
Charentsavan City Stadium (), is a multipurpose stadium in Charentsavan, Armenia, mainly used for football games, as well as local events of athletics.
Overview
It was opened in 1970 and has a capacity of 5,000 spectators. It served as a home ground to FC Moush Charentsavan between 1990 and 1994, when the club was dissolved and retired from professional football.
On the occasion of the 2017 Charentsavan youth capital of Armenia, the stadium's pitch was replaced with an artificial turf in September 2016. The renovation process was financed by the Football Federation of Armenia. It is envisaged to turn the venue into an all-seater stadium by the end of 2017.
The stadium is currently used by several youth football schools of Kotayk Province.
Gallery
References
Football venues in Armenia
Buildings and structures in Kotayk Province
FC Van
John Bulloch may refer to:
John Bulloch (politician), American politician in Georgia
John Bulloch (journalist) (1928–2010)
John Bulloch, founder of Canadian Federation of Independent Business
See also
John Bullock (disambiguation)
Jaime Barroso (born 15 May 1968) is a Spanish racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Spanish male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Spain
Place of birth missing (living people)
Universiade silver medalists for Spain
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Medalists at the 1991 Summer Universiade
Shoot or Be Shot is a low-budget independent film that premiered in Minneapolis–Saint Paul, Minnesota on January 25, 2002. This comedy film satirizes the filmmaking movement Dogme 95. The idea for the film was inspired by The Producers and An Alan Smithee Film: Burn Hollywood Burn.
Shoot or Be Shot has a runtime of 90 minutes and was directed by J. Randall Argue. At the time of the film's theatrical release, two other films Shatner was involved with were nearing their release dates: Showtime, in which they acted as himself, and Groom Lake, which they directed.
Premise
William Shatner stars in the film as Harvey Wilkes, a patient who escapes from a psychiatric hospital to a desert, kidnaps a film crew there, and forces them to make a movie.
Release and reception
Shoot or Be Shot was released on DVD by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment in May 2004. Ian Jane of DVD Talk gave the film a negative review, saying that the film is "just not funny". Michelle Fajkus of Hybrid Cinema, who also gave the film a negative review, wrote that the film promotes stereotypes with its use of stock characters, such as the dumb blonde. Jeff Strickler of the Star Tribune called the film "a low-rent version of Bowfinger".
References
External links
2002 films
2000s action films
2000s crime comedy films
2002 independent films
American independent films
American action comedy films
American satirical films
American crime comedy films
Films about kidnapping
Dogme 95 films
Films about film directors and producers
Films produced by Ralph Winter
2002 comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
"Epitáfio" is the fifteenth single by Titãs, released in 2002. It was included in the soundtrack of telenovela Desejos de Mulher. As a B-side, the single featured an acoustic version of the song. Unlike the whole band, producer Jack Endino believed it could be a hit and was eventually proven right.
The music video, featuring archive footage of the Titãs in their daily lives, won three awards at the MTV Video Music Brasil, including Viewer's Choice and Video of the Year.
In December 2014, by request of TV program Fantástico, the band recorded a new version of the track with verses suggested by the program's spectators. Each suggestion described something the person felt they should have done less in 2014 or that they intend to do more in 2015, keeping the original logic of the single.
Track listing
Cover versions
Gal Costa on their 2002 album Gal Bossa Tropical
Kiloucura on their 2003 album Kiloucura ao vivo
Flávio Carvalho on their album Pra Te Enlouquecer
Tim (from Xutos & Pontapés) on their 2006 solo album Um e o Outro
Liv Moraes on their 2006 album Liv Moraes
Fábio Jr on their 2008 compilation album Minha História
Nasi (ex-Ira!) for the 2008 Rede Record telenovela Chamas da Vida
References
External links
2002 singles
Titãs songs
2001 songs
Songs written by Sérgio Britto
Kotov may refer to:
Kotov, a Russian surname
Kotov (village), a village (khutor) in Rostov Oblast, Russia
8246 Kotov, a main-belt asteroid
Kotov syndrome, a chess term
Badminton at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games is held in Singapore Indoor Stadium, in Kallang, Singapore from 10 to 16 June 2015. Seven competitions were held in men and women's singles and in men, women and mixed's doubles and in men and women's team.
Participating nations
A total of 110 athletes from nine nations is competing in badminton at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games:
Competition schedule
The following is the competition schedule for the badminton competitions:
Medalists
Medal standings
References
External links
Kallang
Badminton tournaments in Singapore
Hector Macpherson Sr. (April 22, 1875 – March 28, 1970) was a Canadian–American academic and politician of Scottish descent. They were the father of Hector Macpherson Jr.
Biography
Both of Macpherson's parents were born in Scotland. By 1875, they had emigrated to Canada, where they were born. They attended schools in Canada, England, and Germany, before moving to Oregon in 1911. Macpherson taught economics and sociology ("political economy") at the Oregon Agricultural College in Corvallis until 1926. They were first elected to the state Oregon House of Representatives in 1927 and reelected in 1929. Together with Henry Zorn, Macpherson sponsored a School Moving Bill in 1932. The ballot initiative proposed consolidating Oregon State University with the University of Oregon, and moving other state-funded schools to different cities. The petition was defeated. Macpherson was elected to a final term in 1939.
References
1875 births
1970 deaths
Members of the Oregon House of Representatives
Oregon State University faculty
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Oregon Republicans
People from Dufferin County
People from Albany, Oregon
Farmers from Oregon
Horseshoe Nunatak () is a horseshoe-shaped nunatak in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica, located west of Mount Hoskins on the north side of the upper portion of Starshot Glacier. The nunatak was charted and descriptively named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition of 1964–65.
References
Nunataks of Oates Land
Hendrik Torge Schmidt (born 30 July 1988) is a former German politician. They were a member of the Landtag of Schleswig-Holstein from 2012 to 2017, and leader of the Pirate Party faction from May 2013 to April 2016.
Early life
Schmidt was born in Itzehoe.
Political career
On 18 June 2017, they announced their departure from the Pirate Party on their blog.
References
1988 births
Living people
People from Itzehoe
Members of the Landtag of Schleswig-Holstein
21st-century German politicians
Pirate Party Germany politicians
Taxandria juniperina commonly known as wattie, native cedar, Warren River cedar or juniper myrtle is a species of tree that grows in the south west corner of Western Australia. This plant was previously classified as Agonis juniperina but is now part of the genus Taxandria.
The Noongar peoples know the tree as watti.
Description
Taxandria juniperina occurs mostly as an erect tree or shrub that usually grows to less than as a dense shrub but can grow up to in its native environment. It has fibrous brown bark that is a light red colour on the underside. It grows as a dense shrub in space or as a tall erect tree when part of a thicket. When the leaves and young stems are bruised they release a spicy perfume from which the plant is recognised to be a member of the family Myrtaceae. It is closely related to Leptospermum (Tea Tree).
The tree has evergreen foliage with very narrow leaves, usually 7–13mm long and 0.3–1.5 mm wide. The flowers produced by T. juniperina occur between February to November and are described as upright whitish spikes. Each flower is white with some pink, 5 mm in diameter.
The species is distinguished from other members of the genera by its tree habit and the leaves which are typically length and usually flat to very slightly
concave above and convex below. It also has glabrous sepals.
Distribution and habitat
Taxandria juniperina occurs in a coastal strip in the south west corner of western Australia from Busselton south to Augusta to Waychinicup just east of Albany. The tree prefers margins of winter-wet or permanent swamps or watercourses, but grows in a range of soil types from loam and peat to sand and gravel.
Classification
First formally described by the botanist Johannes Conrad Schauer in 1844 as part of Johann Georg Christian Lehmann's work Plantae Preissianae. The plant was subsequently reclassified to Taxandria juniperina in a 2007 revision by Wheeler and Marchant into the new genus Taxandria.
References
juniperina
Myrtales of Australia
Rosids of Western Australia
Trees of Australia
Trees of Mediterranean climate
Plants described in 1844
Taxa named by Johannes Conrad Schauer
Wasmiyah Leaves The Sea (Wasmiyah Takhruju Minal Baḥri) is the 1986 novel by the Kuwaiti author Laila Al-Othman. The novel was adapted into a successful movie in 1996, a decade after its publication date. Additionally, it was selected among the 100 best Arabic novels.
Laila Al-Othman is known for centering women in their novels as a result of society's oppression of women at the time. Them writings led to their arrest.
Summary
The novel follows an innocent love story in a coastal Kuwaiti village between (Wasmiyah) - who comes from a well-respected family – and (Abdullah Bin Maryoumah).
Their love story begins from childhood, but after Wasmiyah becomes of age, they are made to wear the hijab and forbidden to see their childhood lover Abdullah. They make the decision to meet for one time on the beach during early morning when the beach is devoid of people. Whilst talking, a police officer paces by the beach, triggering fear in Wasmiyah's heart. Then, they get up and hides in the sea to avoid getting honor-killed with their lover, Abdullah, except Wasmiyah never leaves the ocean as the waves carry their lifeless body.
Analysis
Wasmiyah Leaves The Sea (Wasmiyah Takhruju Minal Baḥri) is a realistic, social novel, critiquing Kuwaiti culture and traditions oppressing and restricting on women. The novel represents the need for modernization and shows how the discovery of oil led to economic development exclusively, and not social development, especially in regards to women's positions in society.
Laila Al-Othman represents the patriarchy; men's ability to do things that women are forbidden to do. They also represent how a woman's worst enemy is herself, for they pass on these traditional patterns onto their children. The sea was known to be a place exclusively for men; a wide open space signifying freedom. However, a woman's place is their house; a closed area signifying the confinement and lack of freedom women have.
The novelist depicts reality as it is without sugar-coating it. Wasmiyah, the trader's daughter, falls in love with Abdullah, the usherer's son. Their love is forbidden due to classism, disabling them from marrying anyone outside their economic and social class. Society's imposed classism leads Abdullah to live in grief and pain over the loss of their lover.
The novel uses male characters to showcase women's suffering that led to men's suffering; Abdullah's loss of their lover.
Critcisms
Laila Al-Othman's novels are known for their boldness, linguistically and plot-wise. They're also known for centering women; therefore, some of their writings were banned due to their boldness and criticism of Kuwaiti society's traditional values.
For example, in their novel Wasmiyah Leaves The Sea (Wasmiyah Takhruju Minal Baḥri), they create a love story that goes against Kuwaiti values.
The novel mentions religion, for the girl starts covering their hair as is imposed traditionally, followed by their inability to leave their house after becoming of age.
Kuwaiti culture and tradition at the time, force Wasmiyah to throw themselves in the sea to avoid getting seen by the police officer, despite their only “mistake” being meeting with their childhood friend and lover on the beach.
The novel deeply critiques Kuwaiti society and its traditions.
The novel's harsh and cynical events stem from an anger towards women's suffering in a patriarchal society.
References
Arabic literature
Arab writers
1986 novels
Kuwaiti writers
The Greyhound Bus Lines Strike of 1983 in Seattle was part of a nationwide seven-week-long strike of the members of the Amalgamated Transit Union working for Greyhound Bus Lines. In Seattle, 175 drivers and terminal workers who were represented by ATU locals 1384 and 1055 walked off the job at 11pm on November 2, 1983. In total, more than 70 daily incoming and outgoing trips were cancelled in Seattle.
Deregulation and Competition
Several significant events acted as compounding catalysts for the strike of 1983. Among them were a series of federal deregulations of the transportation industry in the 1970s and 80's and an increase in competition from Greyhound's main competitor Trailways as well as from smaller newer market entries.
Airline Deregulation Act of 1978
On October 24, 1978, the 95th congress signed the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978. Like the Federal Bus Regulatory Reform Act of 1982, this law allowed airlines greater control over its operations and increased the market ease of entry for entrepreneurs. This had the sum effect of reducing airline fares to the point they became competitive with bus fares. For example, both People Express and Southwest Airlines were able to charge less than Greyhound for many destinations.
Federal Bus Regulatory Reform Act of 1982
On September 20, 1982, the 97th congress enacted into law the Bus Regulatory Reform Act. The law deregulated many aspects of the bus industry, most noticeably by reducing restrictions on bus lines to add or remove stops and by increasing the ease of entry of entrepreneurs into the bus service market. Shortly following the enactment of the new law, the Interstate Commerce Commission received over 2000 applications to operate new bus services. Congress had been heavily lobbied by members of the bus industry to approve deregulation and Greyhound Bus Lines itself had insisted that some of its managers write letters to Congress in support of the bill.
Bus Competition
In 1982, the Amalgamated Transit Union agreed to a wage freeze of its members working for Trailways Bus Lines. Trailways' future was threatened financially and the ATU accepted the freeze in order to keep its members employed. With lower labor costs, Trailways was able to better compete, and over the course of the next months ridership fell considerably for Greyhound Bus Lines. At the same time, Greyhound was losing business to small new market entries such as Rohrer Bus Lines on the East Coast. Trailways also had affiliates nationwide who would carry the Trailways logo but were actually small independent companies. By the middle of 1983, Greyhound had reported 34 million dollars in operating losses from the previous two years. Greyhound blamed this loss in revenue to their comparably higher labor cost; 62% as opposed to 40% for its competitors.
The Seattle Strike Timeline
Contract Negotiations between Greyhound and the ATU
In 1983, as a response to increasing competition and decreasing revenue, Greyhound Bus Lines came to the negotiating table with a 9.5% pay reduction and additional benefit reduction for drivers and terminal workers resulting in an overall compensation reduction of 17% to 25%. The ATU rejected this proposal and ended negotiations on October 31, 1983.
Drivers walk off the job (November 2, 1983)
On November 2, 1983 at 11pm, after 48 hours of notice, 175 Greyhound bus drivers and terminal workers who were members of ATU L1384 and ATU L1055 walked off the job. Picket lines were set at the terminal on 8th avenue and Stewart St. and at the maintenance garage at 1250 Denny Way. The picketers headquartered themselves at the Camlin Hotel in Downtown Seattle.
ATU L587 honors Greyhound Strike (November 7, 1983)
While workers from L587 did not walk off the job, they vowed support for their fellow ATU workers.
Greyhound Ultimatum (November 8, 1983)
Greyhound Bus Lines sent a letter to the union telling workers it must decide whether or not they would be returning to work by Monday November 14, or else they would be replaced by new hires. At this point, 45,000 job applicants had already been interviewed nationwide.
Greyhound offers half price fares (November 15, 1983)
Greyhound Bus lines announced half price fares would be in effect between November 17 and December 15. Strike negotiations remained at an impasse with Greyhound rejecting a 3 year pay freeze offered by the ATU.
First sign of violence (November 15, 1983)
A day after the return to work deadline, a picketer was struck by a vehicle being driven by a non-striking Greyhound mechanic. Fault remained undetermined, and the picketer did not suffer life-threatening injuries.
Violence erupts (November 17, 1983)
200 strikers confronted the first Greyhound bus to depart from Seattle since the strike began. The bus was being driven by a non union driver and was heading to Portland. 15 police officers clashed with picketers while police in riot gear stood by. The bus suffered damage to its headlights and windshield wipers.
Strike Ends (December 3rd, 1983 - December 20th, 1983)
On December 3, 1983, Union leaders and Greyhound Bus Lines reached a tentative agreement to end the strike. The agreement reduced wages by 7.8% instead of the originally proposed 9.5%. In addition, workers took a 4% cut in pension benefits and accepted a new pay schedule that compensated new hires at 20 to 25% less than before. On December 19, 1983, the TA was ratified by the membership, and workers returned to work the next day.
Effect on Rural Communities of Washington state
During the strike, rural towns, like the city of Ephrata, in Eastern Washington were the hardest hit by the Seattle strike because there were no alternative forms of public transportation. Shortly after the strike began, Greyhound Bus Lines announced that it would drop service to 1325 rural communities nationwide and in Washington state; by December 2, 1983, 4 rural bus routes were cancelled. The routes were Olympia to Toledo, Vancouver to Maryhill, Colfax to Rosalia and Ephrata to Spokane. Earlier in the year the Washington State Utilities and Transportation Commission had denied requests stating that the affected communities did not have meaningful alternatives to Greyhound Bus Services. After deregulation of the industry, the Interstate Commerce Commission approved reduction of service to these areas.
Greyhound Continues to Operate During Strike
The day after the strike began, about 20,000 people went to Greyhound offices around the country to replace the 12,500 striking ATU workers. Over the course of three days, 500 applications were submitted in Seattle alone. During this time, Trailways, Greyhound's competitor, had an 800 percent increase in bus business in Seattle alone. By November 17, 1983 Greyhound buses were rolling again from the Seattle terminal.
Aftermath
The strike signaled the start of a slow decline of the bus industry in general and Greyhound specifically. 1984 was marked by 1500 layoffs, and the year afterwards Greyhound sold 120 terminals and laid off an additional 2000 employees. Many of its routes were then franchised to smaller competitors. After acquiring Trailways and absorbing 1400 of their employees, a round of negotiations in 1989 ended with another strike in June 1990. More violent than the last, the strike of 1990 saw shootings and bomb threats and the death of a picketer. This strike lasted until 1993.
References
Labor disputes in Washington (state)
Transportation labor disputes in the United States
1983 in the United States
1983 in Washington (state)
1983 labor disputes and strikes
1980s in Seattle
Greyhound
Peter Wilk is an American baseball coach and former player. They played college baseball at Rollins College for Boyd Coffie from 1984 to 1987. They then served as the head coach of the Georgetown Hoyas (2000–2020).  They are the current manager for the Vermont Lake Monsters of the Futures Collegiate Baseball League.
Playing career
Wilk played college baseball for the Rollins Tars. Following their career at Rollins, Wilk played semi-professional baseball.
Coaching career
Wilk coached at Boston University as an assistant in 1990 and 1991. In 1992, Wilk joined the Harvard Crimson baseball program as an assistant. Wilk was named the Acton-Boxborough Regional High School head baseball coach. In the fall of 1996, Wilk was named an assistant at Georgetown University. They were named the head coach when Kirk Mason resigned in 1999.
On September 9, 2009, Wilk and the Hoyas were penalized by the NCAA for misusing the work study program which allowed players to receive money for jobs they were not doing.
On May 20, 2015, the Hoyas qualified for the Big East Baseball Tournament for the first time since 1986. The Hoyas went 0–2 in their return to the postseason. On July 29, 2020, Wilk resigned as the head coach of the Hoyas.
On April 12, 2021, Wilk signed with the Vermont Lake Monsters of the Futures Collegiate Baseball League and would serve as their manager.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Pete Wilk at The Baseball Cube
Georgetown Hoyas bio
Living people
Rollins Tars baseball players
Boston University Terriers baseball coaches
Harvard Crimson baseball coaches
High school baseball coaches in the United States
Georgetown Hoyas baseball coaches
People from Barrington, Rhode Island
Year of birth missing (living people)
José Henrique da Silva Dourado (born 15 September 1989), known as Henrique Dourado or simply Henrique, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Henan Jianye.
Career
Early career
Born in São Paulo, Henrique made their senior debut with Flamengo de Guarulhos, in 2007. Two years later, they joined Lemense, and scored 14 goals in 2009 Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão (State League second division).
In 2010, Henrique signed a contract with União São João. In August 2011, they joined Santo André. They made their debut for the club on 21 August, against Joinville, and scored a goal almost a month later, against Brasil de Pelotas.
In September, Henrique left Santo André and joined Cianorte. A year later, they joined Chapecoense. They helped the team to promotion, scoring 5 goals in only 8 matches. In December 2012, they signed a contract with Mogi Mirim. They made their Sapo debut on 20 January 2013, against Ponte Preta. They scored their first goal on the 31st, against Corinthians. On 27 April, they scored a hat-trick in a 6-0 routing against Botafogo-SP.
Santos
On 21 May, Henrique signed a one-year loan deal with Santos, with their rights being assigned to Mirassol. Five days later, they made Peixe - and Série A - debut, in a 0-0 draw against Flamengo.
Portuguesa
On 9 September, after only three league appearances for Santos, Henrique signed with Portuguesa. They scored three goals during the season, with Portuguesa being relegated despite finishing in 12th.
Palmeiras
After being the topscorer of Lusa in 2014 Campeonato Paulista, Henrique joined Palmeiras on 28 April 2014, on loan until the end of the year.
Cruzeiro
A disappointing spell at Cruzeiro saw Henrique move to Portuguese club Vitória de Guimarães for the 2015/16 season, where they scored 12 goals in 30 games.
Fluminense
On 30 June, Henrique returned to Brazil with Fluminense. The striker scored a penalty in normal time to help secure a 3-3 draw in the final of the 2017 Taça Guanabara, against bitter rivals Flamengo. Fluminense went on to win in the penalty shootout.
Playing for Fluminense, they were the top scorer of Campeonato Brasileiro Série A in 2017, along with Jô (for Corinthians), both with 18 goals. In 2017, they were also the country's isolated top scorer amongst players of the top division, with 32 goals.
Flamengo
On 1 February 2018 Flamengo announced Dourado's signing paying the sum of R$11million (around US$3.47 million and €2.79 million) to acquire 75% of their economic rights.
Henan Jianye
On 1 March 2019, Dourado joined Chinese Super League club Henan Jianye. Two days later, in the opening game of the 2019 Chinese Super League season, Dourado scored their first goal for Henan in their debut in a 1-1 draw against Dalian Professional, then tragically broke their leg after a foul by Qin Sheng, effectively ended their season after just one game.
On 26 July 2020, Dourado made their comeback by scoring twice in a 4-3 defeat against Jiangsu Suning in the opening game of the 2020 Chinese Super League season.
On 21 August 2022, during a Chinese Super League game between Wuhan Yangtze River and Henan Songshan Longmen, Dourado deliberately knocked referee Ma Ning over after a heated quarrel between the two, and was subsequently sent off for violent conduct. The game finished 2-2. Five days later, the Chinese FA announced a 12-month suspension to Dourado, which was the severest penalty in the history of Chinese Super League.
Palmeiras
On 24 July 2019 they accepted their return to Palmeiras on a 6 months loan deal.
Career statistics
Club
.
Honours
Individual
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A Top scorer: 2017
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A Team of the year: 2017
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Footballers from São Paulo
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Chinese Super League players
União São João Esporte Clube players
Esporte Clube Santo André players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube players
Santos FC players
Associação Portuguesa de Desportos players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube players
Fluminense FC players
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo footballers
Primeira Liga players
Vitória S.C. players
Henan Songshan Longmen F.C. players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in China
General elections were held in Nepal in 1971 to elect members of the Rastriya Panchayat. At the time, the Rastriya Panchayat had 125 members; out of them 16 were appointed by the King, 90 were elected by Zonal Assemblies, 15 were elected by class organizations and 4 were elected by the graduates constituency.
District representatives
The district representatives were elected by the Anchal Sabhas (Zonal Assemblies) of the 14 Zones of Nepal, one representative for each district. The 15 districts with a population of more than 100 000 were able to elect an additional Rastriya Panchayat member. The Anchal Sabhas consisted of all the members of the Zilla Panchayats (District Councils). Each Zilla Panchayat had 11 members, who were elected from the town or village panchayats in the district. The town and village panchayats were elected from local assemblies in which all adult residents could vote.
A potential candidate had to be a Zilla Panchayat member of the concerned district to be an eligible to contest a district seat. Moreover, the potential candidate had to be proposed and seconded by two other members of the same Zilla Panchayat. To be elected the candidate would need a simple majority of the votes in the Anchal Sabha. The system favoured the less populates areas in the hills, whose districts had a much lower population than the Terai districts in the south.
Class organisation representatives
The following official class organisations were able to select their representatives in the Rastriya Panchayat. The representatives were elected by the central committees of the respective organisation, through a Preferential Proportional Representation vote:
Peasants Organisation; 4 seats
Youth Organisation; 4 seats
Women's Organisation; 3 seats
Labour Organisation; 2 seats
Ex-Servicemens' Organisation; 2 seats
Graduates constituency
The college graduates of the country, numbering about 13000 at the time, were able to elect four members of the Rastriya Panchayat. The representatives were elected with Preferential Proportional Representation vote. The candidates had to be college graduates themselves. In total 22 candidates were in the fray. Seventeen of them contested on a joint reformist agenda. One candidate, the young advocate Ram Raja Prasad Singh, demanded direct transition to parliamentary democracy.
The prime minister Kirti Nidhi Bista campaigned against the reformist candidates as opponents of the Panchayat system. However, the regime was embarrassed as the reformist candidates were elected, including Ram Raja Prasad Singh.
References
General
Nepal
General elections in Nepal
1971 elections in Nepal
Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament is an annual international women's polo tournament in Imphal, Manipur. It is organized in the Imphal Polo Ground (), the oldest pologround in the world. It is the first and the only international women's polo tournament ever organized in India.
Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2016 is the first event. The first tournament event marked the 60th Anniversary of the Manipur Polo Association (AMPA). The polo association was established in 1955 by Ningthou Bodhachandra, Theirs Highness, the then King of Manipur.
Past Tournament Results
See also
Daughters of the Polo God
Women in India
References
Polo in Manipur
Polo in India
Barbera bianca is a white Italian wine grape variety that is grown in the Piedmont wine region of northwest Italy. Despite being named Barbera bianca, the grape is not a color mutation of the red Piedmontese wine grape Barbera that is the third most widely planted grape variety in Italy. In fact, DNA analysis conducted in the early 21st century shows no genetic relationship at all between the two grape varieties.
Barbera bianca is noted for its high acidity levels, the vast majority of it tartaric rather than malic acid. This propensity for high acid lends the grape well to sparkling wine production. Barbera bianca is a permitted grape variety in the Denominazione di origine controllata (DOC) wines of Colli Tortonesi produced in the province of Alessandria.
History
The exact origins of Barbera bianca are not yet known but the grape has been growing in the Piedmont region of Italy since at least the early 19th century when it was described in an 1825 document. Ampelographers believe that the grape got its name due to morphological similarities with Barbera, particularly the size and shape of the berries and grape clusters of both vines. However, DNA profiling in the early 21st century showed that the two grapes are distinct varieties with no known genetic relationship between them.
Viticulture
Barbera bianca is a mid-ripening grape variety that is prone to producing high yields if not kept in check with winter pruning and late season green harvesting. Even at full ripeness, the grapes have very high levels of tartaric acid.
Wine regions
In 2000, there were 280 hectares (690 acres) of Barbera bianca planted in Italy, nearly all of it in the province of Alessandria. It is most commonly found in older vineyards around the communes of Acqui Terme and Alessandria. Here the grape is often blended with other white wine grape varieties such as Cortese, Muscat Blanc à Petits Grains, Timorasso and Vermentino which can help temper Barbera bianca's high acid levels. Some winemakers utilize the grape's acidity for the production of light-bodied sparkling wines. It is a permitted variety in the white wines of the Colli Tortonesi DOC.
Relationship to other grapes
Unlike the relationship between Pinot blanc and Grenache blanc with Pinot noir and Grenache, respectively, Barbera bianca is not a color mutation of Barbera and, in fact, has no known genetic relationship with Piedmontese grape. Despite sharing several synonyms, Barbera bianca also has no known relation with Carica l'Asino, another Piedmontese grape that likely originated in the Liguria wine region and is sometimes blended with Barbera bianca. Likewise, the red Campanian grape Barbera del Sannio that is used in the Sannio DOC and the Sardinian wine grape Barbera Sarda are also unrelated to Barbera bianca.
Synonyms
Over the years Barbera bianca has been known under a variety of synonyms including: Bertolino, Bertoulin, Caria l'Aso, Lardera, Lardera bianca, Lardera delle Langhe, Martinella, Martinetta, Ovata bianca, Peigein, Peigin, Peisìn, Peisin, Poison bianco, Poisino and Uva Ovata.
References
White wine grape varieties
Edward Richard Stege (September 4, 1913 – March 24, 1985) was an American professional basketball player. They played for the Oshkosh All-Stars in the National Basketball League during the 1937–38 season and appeared in just two games.
References
1913 births
1985 deaths
Amateur Athletic Union men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Forwards (basketball)
Oshkosh All-Stars players
Wisconsin Badgers men's basketball players
FC Arsenal-2 Kyiv was a Ukrainian football team based in Kyiv, Ukraine. The club has been featured regularly in the Ukrainian Second Division it serves as a junior team for the FC Arsenal Kyiv franchise. Like most tributary teams, the best players are sent up to the senior team, meanwhile developing other players for further call-ups.
References
FC Arsenal Kyiv
Football clubs in Kyiv
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Association football clubs established in 2003
Association football clubs disestablished in 2004
2003 establishments in Ukraine
2004 disestablishments in Ukraine
Ukrainian reserve football teams
Sujatha Ramdorai (born 1962) is an algebraic number theorist known for their work on Iwasawa theory.  They are a professor of mathematics and Canada Research Chair at University of British Columbia, Canada. They were previously a professor at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
Education
They completed their B.Sc. in 1982 at St. Joseph's college, Bangalore and then got their M.Sc. through correspondence from Annamalai University in 1985. After that they went for PhD at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research and was awarded their PhD under supervision of Raman Parimala in 1992. Them dissertation was "Witt Groups of Real Surfaces and Real Geometry".
Career
Dr. Ramdorai initially worked in the areas of algebraic theory of quadratic forms and arithmetic geometry of elliptic curves. Together with Coates, Fukaya, Kato, and Venjakob they formulated a non-commutative version of the main conjecture of Iwasawa theory, on which much foundation of this important subject is based. Iwasawa theory has its origins in the work of a great Japanese mathematician, Kenkichi Iwasawa.
They hold an adjunct professorship position at Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune.
Working with their husband Srinivasan Ramdorai and Indian mathematics writer V.S. Sastry, Sujatha Ramdorai conceived of and partially funded the Ramanujan Math Park in Chittoor, Andhra Pradesh, which was inaugurated at the end of 2017. The park is dedicated to mathematics education and honors the great Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan (1887-1920).
 They are a member of the Scientific Committee of several international research agencies such as the Indo-French Centre for Promotion of Advanced Research, Banff International Research Station, International Centre for Pure and Applied Mathematics. They were a member of the National Knowledge Commission from 2007 to 2009.  They are at present a member of the Prime Minister's Scientific Advisory Council from 2009 onwards and also a member of the National Innovation Council.  They are also on the advisory board of Gonit Sora.
Awards and honors
Ramdorai became the first Indian to win the prestigious ICTP Ramanujan Prize in 2006. They were also awarded the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award, the highest honour in scientific fields by the Indian Government in 2004.  They are also the recipient of the 2020 Krieger–Nelson Prize for their exceptional contributions to mathematics research.
Editorial position
Managing editor, International Journal of Number Theory (IJNT)
Editor, Journal of Ramanujan Mathematical Society (JRMS)
Associate editor, Expositiones Mathematicae
References
External links
Indian women mathematicians
Living people
1962 births
Recipients of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Mathematical Science
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research alumni
University of British Columbia faculty
Indian editors
Indian number theorists
20th-century Indian mathematicians
20th-century Indian women scientists
21st-century Indian women scientists
21st-century Indian mathematicians
Scientists from Bangalore
Indian women editors
20th-century women mathematicians
21st-century women mathematicians
20th-century Indian women writers
21st-century Indian women writers
"The Little Peasant" is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm in Grimm's Fairy Tales, number 61.
It is Aarne-Thompson type 1535, The Rich Peasant and the Poor Peasant, and includes an episode of type 1737, Trading Places with the Trickster in a Sack. Other types of this type include the Norwegian Big Peter and Little Peter from Norske Folkeeventyr collected by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen and Jørgen Moe, and Little Claus and Big Claus by Hans Christian Andersen.
Synopsis
A poor peasant and their wife did not even have a cow. They had a woodworker make them a calf of wood and brought it to the pasture. When the cowherd returned without it, they found it had been stolen and took them to court for their carelessness, and the judge made them give them a cow. They had nothing to feed it and so had to kill it. The peasant took the hide to town to sell. They found a raven with broken wings and wrapped it in the hide. Weather grew bad and they took shelter in a mill, where the miller's wife gave them some bread and cheese. Then the parson arrived, and because their husband was away, they and the wife had a feast. Them husband returned, and the wife hid the parson and the food. The peasant pretended that the hide was a soothsayer and made the raven croak. They told the miller where the food was hidden, and after they had eaten, that the Devil was in the parson's hiding place. The parson fled, and the miller gave the peasant 300 thalers.
Being rich now, they were brought before the mayor to ask where they had gotten their money; they said they had sold the hide. They killed their cows but could not get much for them. They sentenced them to be rolled into the river in a barrel filled with holes. A shepherd came along, and the peasant declared that they would not do it, and explained that they were trying to force them to be mayor. The shepherd changed places with him, the peasant took their sheep, and they drowned the shepherd. Seeing them with the sheep later, they asked where they had gotten them, and they said they were in the river. Everyone jumped into the river and drowned, and the peasant was their sole heir and very rich:)
Adaptations
Anne Sexton wrote an adaptation as a poem called "The Little Peasant" in their collection Transformations (1971), a book in which they re-envisions sixteen of the Grimm's Fairy tales.
References
Little Peasant
Little Peasant
Little Peasant
ATU 1525-1639
ATU 1640-1674
ATU 1725-1849
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1965–66 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1965–66 in Bahraini football
Gordon Ernest Medd (17 August 1925 – January 1996) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Walsall, Rochdale and York City, in non-League football for Worcester City and Sutton Coldfield Town, and was on the books of Birmingham City without making a league appearance.
References
1925 births
Footballers from Birmingham, West Midlands
1996 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
Worcester City F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Sutton Coldfield Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Michigan Lawyers Weekly, published in Farmington Hills, Michigan, is a statewide newspaper for the legal profession.
The paper publishes each Monday, 52 weeks a year.
History
Michigan Lawyers Weekly, founded in 1986, was first published in Lansing, Michigan by Lawyers Weekly, Inc. In December 2001, the paper relocated to Novi, Michigan.
In 2004, Minneapolis-based Dolan Media, Inc. (now BridgeTower Media) acquired the paper. Operations were moved to Farmington Hills in 2005.
Content
Michigan Lawyers Weekly reports on Michigan and federal court decisions, legal ethics and judicial conduct issues, and jury verdicts.
The paper's website compiles sources of legal news and information.
See also
Vince Colella
References
External links
Newspapers published in Michigan
Legal newspapers
Gannett publications
The 6th Regiment may refer to:
France
6th Foreign Infantry Regiment
Greece
6th Infantry Regiment (Greece)
6th Archipelago Regiment
United States
6th Marine Regiment (United States)
6th United States Colored Infantry Regiment
6th Cavalry Regiment (United States)
6th Infantry Regiment (United States)
United Kingdom
6th Regiment of Foot (later Royal Warwickshire Fusiliers)
Nellie Pratt Russell (May 4, 1890 - December 13, 1979) was an incorporator of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, the first sorority founded by African-American college women. The sorority has continued to generate social capital for over 110 years.
Earning undergraduate and graduate degrees at Howard University and Columbia University, Nellie Russell worked as an educator for more than 50 years, mostly teaching English at St. Paul's College, an historically black college in Lawrenceville, Virginia. There they inspired generations of students and teachers. Russell was featured in the 1927 volume of Who's Who in Colored America. St. Paul's College named a building after Nellie Russell and their husband Dr. J. Alvin Russell, in honor of their contributions, and endowed a scholarship in their name.
Early life
Nellie Pratt was born in Macon, Georgia on May 4, 1890.
In 1907, Pratt entered Howard University's College of Arts and Sciences. It was the top historically black college in the nation, and they attended at a time when only .33% of African Americans and 5% of whites of eligible age attended any college.
Howard University and Alpha Kappa Alpha
Nellie Pratt graduated in 1911 from Howard with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English.
Pratt was initiated into Alpha Kappa Alpha during their sophomore year. During college, Pratt started a lifetime of service by volunteering to distribute clothes and food to the poor.
Incorporation of Alpha Kappa Alpha
Nellie Quander, Nellie Pratt, Julia Evangeline Brooks, Norma Boyd, Minnie B. Smith and Ethel Jones Mowbray worked together to incorporate Alpha Kappa Alpha on January 29, 1913, in order to provide for its future expansion to other colleges.
Career and later life
After graduation, Russell taught history and English for two years at Topeka Normal and Industrial School in Topeka, Kansas.
To be closer to their mother after their father's death, Nellie Pratt moved to Lawrenceville, Virginia to teach at St. Paul Normal and Industrial School (now St. Paul's College). It was a historically black college.
There in 1913 Nellie Pratt married Dr. J. Alvin Russell. The elder son of the school's founder, Russell served as principal of St. Paul Normal and Industrial School starting in 1926, and as President for several years starting in 1936. During their marriage, Nellie Russell had four sons and one daughter.
Nellie Russell also did graduate work during the summers, earning a Master of Arts degree from Columbia University in New York. They devoted great energy to their career as an educator, teaching English at St. Paul's College for nearly 50 years. They influenced generations of students, and helped create teachers as excellent as they are.
Russell served as a faculty advisor to the Alpha Upsilon chapter of ΑΚΑ at St. Paul's College.
In 1949, Nellie Russell expanded Alpha Kappa Alpha by helping found the Gamma Lambda Omega graduate chapter. Russell created a chapter educational loan to provide for undergraduate students. Through the years, they served as the chapter's president, secretary, historian, and correspondence secretary.
Nellie Russell's daughter and three daughters-in-law all became members of Alpha Kappa Alpha in their turn. Them son James Russell served for 10 years with distinction as President of St. Paul's College.
Nellie Pratt Russell died on December 13, 1979.
Honors
The 1927 Who's Who in Colored America included the biography of Nellie Pratt Russell in its collection of people who contributed to the science, culture and overall development of U.S. society.
St. Paul's College named a building after Dr. J. Alvin and Nellie Russell, in honor of their long, joint contributions to the college. The college also established a scholarship in their name.
Nellie Russell was named "Mother of the Year" and outstanding chapter member by a local chapter of the fraternity Omega Psi Phi.
Russell was honored with a state historical marker in 2017; it was erected by the Virginia Department of Historic Resources near the Brunswick County Museum and Historical Society in Lawrenceville.
References
External links
1890 births
1979 deaths
Howard University alumni
Alpha Kappa Alpha founders
Educators from Georgia (U.S. state)
African-American educators
People from Macon, Georgia
People from Lawrenceville, Virginia
Educators from Virginia
American women educators
Saint Paul's College (Virginia)
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
2010 Ventforet Kofu season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Ventforet Kofu
Ventforet Kofu seasons
Juan de Courten (younger) was a Spanish general who led an infantry division during the Peninsular War against the First French Empire. In 1810, they were promoted to mariscal de campo, a Spanish rank between brigadier general and lieutenant general, and therefore equivalent to major general. The following year they were captured at the conclusion of the Siege of Tarragona. In 1818, they received an important military decoration.
Career
Courten was appointed mariscal de campo, which is roughly the same as a major general in 1810. On 10 December 1810, the Army of Catalonia consisted of Courten's 4,791-man division, Pedro Sarsfield's 5,462-strong division, Joaquín Ibáñez Cuevas y de Valonga, Baron de Eroles' 2,538-man division, and 13,040 soldiers in various garrisons. The army commander, Luis González Torres de Navarra, Marquess of Campoverde received word from a Spanish official in Barcelona that a French officer was ready to admit a force into one of the forts. Accordingly, Campoverde marched Courten's and Sarsfield's divisions close to the city on 19 March 1811. A force of 800 grenadiers was assembled and sent silently forward to surprise the Monjuich fortress. As the Spanish soldiers entered the ditch, the area was suddenly lit by torches and the French garrison opened fire. Spanish losses numbered 100 killed and wounded, plus four officers and a number of enlisted men captured. The Frenchman had only pretended to betray their country, allowing the trap to be sprung on the hapless Spanish soldiers. The Spanish official was executed immediately afterward.
On 28 April, Marshal Louis Gabriel Suchet advanced from Lérida with the divisions of Jean Isidore Harispe and Bernard-Georges-François Frère. The French reached Reus on 2 May and pushed back the Spanish outpost line around Tarragona the next day. With their 4,500 men and the garrison troops, Courten could muster only 7,000 men for the city's defense. In the face of Suchet's superior force they intelligently immured themselves within the city. At this time, their division consisted of three battalions of the Granada Line Infantry Regiment, and two battalions each of the Almanza, Almeria, and America Line Infantry Regiments.
Tarragona was a very strong position, but its walls were too long for soldiers immediately available to defend it. The walls enclosed both the upper and lower towns. The upper town stood on a steep hill while the lower town had access to a good harbor. The lower town was protected by six bastions and the upper town had an outer line of forts in front of the walls. On a dominating height to the north was the powerful Fort Olivo, defended by 1,000 troops. The division of Pierre-Joseph Habert soon arrived with the French heavy artillery and the Siege of Tarragona began. Harispe's division faced Fort Olivo and the east side of the city, Habert took position on the west side facing the lower town, while Frère covered the center. An Anglo-Spanish naval squadron under Edward Codrington consisting of two third-rates, two frigates, and gunboats stood offshore to provide logistic and gunfire support. On 10 May Campoverde arrived by ship with 4,000 troops to take over the defense.
On 28 June, French troops led by Habert stormed into the upper city and beat down all opposition. Contreras was wounded and captured. As the disaster unfolded, Courten with 3,000 troops tried to implement the breakout plan and emerged from the eastern gate of the city. As their soldiers made their way along the shore, they were blocked by an Italian brigade and set upon by French cavalry. A number of soldiers jumped into the water and were rescued by ship's boats from the naval squadron. Others were cut down by the horsemen but most surrendered with Courten. Of their original division, only 1,793 men survived the siege to be captured by the French. Suchet recorded the prisoners as follows, 613 from Almanza, 464 from Almeria, 365 from Granada, and 351 from America.
In 1818, King Ferdinand VII of Spain awarded Courten the Caballeros Grandes Cruces (Knight's Grand Cross) of the Royal and Military Order of Saint Hermenegild.
Notes
References
Spanish soldiers
Spanish generals
Spanish commanders of the Napoleonic Wars
1765 births
1834 deaths
Grand Crosses of the Royal and Military Order of San Hermenegild
Harris City is an unincorporated community in Meriwether County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A variant name was "Harris". A post office called Harris City was established in 1890, the name was shortened to Harris in 1899, and the post office closed in 1929. The community was named for the family of member of congress Henry R. Harris, the original owner of the town site.
References
Unincorporated communities in Meriwether County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Iva Stewart (1914–1985) was an American model and film actor. They were Miss Maine, and competed in Miss America 1933.
Stewart moved to Hollywood where they had a mixture of supporting roles and more minor appearances in glamorous roles in studio films. Amongst their appearances was in the 20th Century Fox series film Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation.
Filmography
References
Bibliography
Youngkin, Stephen. The Lost One: A Life of Peter Lorre. University Press of Kentucky, 2005.
External links
1914 births
1985 deaths
American film actores
Female models from New Hampshire
People from Berlin, New Hampshire
20th-century American actores
The Contender Challenge: UK vs. USA is a series of boxing matches on 30 March 2007, held at Metro Radio Arena, Newcastle, England. Six boxers from the US reality television shows The Contender and The Contender 2, in a team coached by Sugar Ray Leonard, took on six boxers from the UK, all promoted by Frank Warren, and coached by Barry McGuigan. The winning team was awarded the "Sugar Ray Leonard Cup", not unlike the Ryder Cup in Golf
The bouts were the basis of a TV series broadcast in the US by ESPN and in the UK by ITV4, with six episodes, beginning on 10 April 2007, with commentary by the well-known ESPN team of Joe Tessitore and Teddy Atlas, with the British boxing commentator John Rawling joining. Leonard and McGuigan provided some analysis through the fight as well.
Format
Points were awarded to each team as follows:
In the event of a tie, the total number of knockouts by each team would have determined the winner.
The bouts were scored in the American style, with three ringside judges and a non-scoring referee. British non-title bouts are scored solely by the referee.
The referees and judges were of both nationalities.
Matchups
The matchups, all scheduled for eight rounds with weights ranging from welterweight to light heavyweight, were:
Results
The matchup finished as a 4–2 US victory, with Curiel, Bundrage, Gomez and Ravelo winning for the US, and Small and Reid winning for the UK.
Two other fights were not included in the official scoring on the card, Paul Smith(UK) vs Jonathan Reid(USA) and Nigel Wright(UK) vs Jonathan Nelson(USA). Smith beat Reid by a controversial stoppage in the 7th round, as Smith was winning the fight and seemed to have Reid hurt from a body shot earlier, but clearly pushed Reid to the canvas in the 7th round. The referee ruled the push correctly, but judged that Reid could not continue after they got up when Reid seemingly could still defend himself. Wright also stopped the outmatched Nelson, who was a late substitute, in the 2nd round of their fight on cuts. Neither of these matches counted towards the scoring of the challenge because ITV4 had issues with airtime, so only six fights of the Challenge could be shown on TV.
Controversy
The tourney got off to a late start, which ITV representatives said was due to ESPN micromanaging the matchups to guarantee a US victory, explaining how non-Contender fighter Jerson Ravelo fought in a bout for the cup. The last three bouts were heckled by the crowd, with the last fight beginning at 2 am, and members of Team US jeering along with the ticketholders. Additionally, one apparently drunken fan verbally threatened the cornermen for Team US just before the main event, drawing the ire of the entire Minter family, who were apparently seated nearby. When the fan threw a keychain at the US corner, security ejected him, drawing cheers from the crowd.
References
2007 American television seasons
2007 British television seasons
2000s American reality television series
2007 American television series debuts
2007 American television series endings
2000s British sports television series
2007 British television series debuts
2007 British television series endings
British sports television series
UK vs. USA
ESPN original programming
ITV (TV network) original programming
This is a list of artists whose body of work has been described as sunshine pop (also called "soft pop").
A
The Association
B
The Bobby Fuller Four
The Buckinghams
C
Carpenters
Cyrkle
E
Eternity's Children
F
The Free Design
G
Gary Lewis & the Playboys
Gary Puckett & The Union Gap
The Grass Roots
H
Harpers Bizarre
The Hobbits
I
Los Íberos
L
The Left Banke
M
The Mamas & the Papas
The Merry-Go-Round
The Millennium
The Monkees
N
Roger Nichols & the Small Circle of Friends
P
Paul Revere & the Raiders
Peppermint Rainbow
Peppermint Trolley Company
Pic-Nic
R
Johnny Rivers
S
Sagittarius
Nancy Sinatra
Spanky and Our Gang
Strawberry Alarm Clock
T
The Turtles
Twinn Connexion
Y
Young Rascals
References
Lists of pop musicians
Sunshine pop
California Sound
Pinus peregrinus is an extinct species of pine in the family Pinaceae known from Clarkforkian age Paleocene fossils found in western North Dakota, USA.
The species was described from three wing seed specimens found at localities 14051a and 14083 in the Bear Den member of the Golden Valley Formation with associated needles from the Heart River Bluffs area, site 14051a, provisionally assigned to the species also. The Bear Den member outcrops at a number of sites in western North Dakota, and is designated the type locality.
The holotype specimen, number PU 20091, is preserved in the Princeton University collections, and paratype specimens are in the National Museum of Natural History collections of the Smithsonian Institution. The specimens were studied by paleobotanist Leo J. Hickey of the Yale University Geology Department. Dr Hickey published the 1977 type description for P. peregrinus in the Geological Society of America memoir 150, Stratigraphy and Paleobotany of the Golden Valley Formation (Early Tertiary) of Western North Dakota. Dr Hickey chose the specific name peregrinus, which is Latin meaning "stranger" or "newcomer" noting the species to be the first megafossil record for the pine family to be described from the Rocky Mountains and Great Plains Paleocene rocks.
The winged seeds of Pinus peregrinus are between long and have a nutlet located in the base of the wing to one side of the wing axis. The small, long nutlet is three sided and generally deltoid to ovoid in shape. The wing possesses a thickened inside margin that is straight, while the thin outside margin arches from nutlet to distal tip of the wing. The wing membrane is slightly striated parallel to the wing margins and curving towards the outside margin near the tip. This combination of characters is specific to the genus Pinus, and the seeds are most similar to the modern Pinus resinosa and Pinus tropicalis. The needles provisionally included in P. peregrinus can reach up to long with a distinct midrib.
References
peregrinus
Plants described in 1977
Paleocene plants
Extinct flora of North America
Prehistoric trees
Dark Sky Distance is a professional distance running group sponsored by Under Armour and based in Flagstaff, Arizona.
History
The group was founded in the Fall of 2020 with an initial roster of 10 runners. The group is named after the relatively dark skies found in Flagstaff, due to the city's commitment to reducing light pollution. The training group was founded with Stephen Haas and Shayla Houlihan as coaches, although both have since departed. Although the training group is sponsored by Under Armour, individual athletes are allowed to obtain personal sponsorships with competing brands. For instance, Edward Cheserek is sponsored by Skechers.
Athletes
Current Athetes
Courtney Barnes
Patrick Casey
Edward Cheserek
Brandon Doughty
Blake Haney
Matt Llano
Weini Kelati
Kasey Knevelbaard
Sharon Lokedi
Taryn Rawlings
Stephen Scullion
Former Athletes
Emily Durgin
Baylee Mires
Rachel Schneider
References
Grouping
Laxmipur is small town in Jhapa District of Province No. 1 in Nepal. It covers about 3.16 km² (1.22 mi²) area and distance of 7.08 km (4.40 mi). It is situated in Kankai Municipality between Biring khola to the west and Ghagra khola to the east. People here mostly do shopkeeping and farming as their occupation. The nearest market from here is bibhare bazar, which is only open on Thursday. Holy basil, Pathibhara, Himal are the nearest school and education center from here.
Populated places in Jhapa District
Petr Vrabec (born 5 June 1962) is a Czech football manager and former player. They won six Czechoslovak First Leagues titles with Sparta Prague at club level. Vrabec also represented Czechoslovakia, playing three times and scoring once in 1993.
Playing career
Club career
As a player, Vrabec won six league titles in eight seasons with Sparta Prague, racking up 168 appearances and 21 goals between 1985 and 1993. During the 1991–92 European Cup they scored three goals for the club, including one at the Nou Camp stadium against FC Barcelona. In 1993, they went to Germany to play for Stuttgarter Kickers before returning to their homeland with Viktoria Žižkov in the 1994–95 season. Vrabec played in European competitions with Žižkov, scoring in the 4–3 aggregate win in the qualifying round of the 1994–95 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup against IFK Norrköping. They spent their later career with Chmel Blšany, where they suffered a broken leg, which limited them in their final season with the club. In 2000, they stopped playing in order to become youth coach at Blšany.
International career
Vrabec played for Czechoslovakia B in 1992, making a single appearance. The following year they made three appearances for Czechoslovakia, scoring one goal in the process. Their only international goal came in a 5–2 win for Czechoslovakia against Romania in qualification for the 1994 World Cup.
Managerial career
Vrabec became assistant manager under Karel Jarolím at Gambrinus Liga side 1. FC Synot in 2003 in a sixteen-month spell which ended in December 2004. In April 2005 Vrabec took up a position as Jarolím's assistant again, this time with Slavia Prague.
Vrabec was named manager of Czech 2. Liga side Čáslav in the summer of 2012, but left their position after just seven games, with the club having won just one and drawn two in this time.
Honours
Sparta Prague
Czechoslovak First League (6): 1986–87, 1987–88, 1988–89, 1989–90, 1990–91, 1992–93
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Czech footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
Czechoslovakia international footballers
Czech First League players
AC Sparta Prague players
Stuttgarter Kickers players
FK Viktoria Žižkov players
FK Chmel Blšany players
Czech football managers
FK Čáslav managers
Czech expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Association football defenders
SK Slavia Prague non-playing staff
Association football coaches
Czech National Football League managers
Guy Lynn is a British TV investigative news reporter for the BBC.
Biography
Guy Lynn was born in London, attended the Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School in Elstree and read Geography at St Anne's College, Oxford.
They have reported for a range of TV stations including Channel One TV (London), Reuters TV, BBC South, ITV West, and BBC local radio, and currently reports daily and oversees London investigations at the BBC.
They were a contributing author to Investigative Journalism: Dead or Alive, published in 2011 by Abramis.
Reports
Lynn's undercover report on fake veterinarian Leonard French, who controlled much of the UK's illegal black market in animal medicine, led directly to the imprisonment of French on 20 August 2007 for twelve months at Lincoln crown court. French's attempt to overturn the sentence was rejected by the court of appeal in 2008.
In August 2009, a TV report exposing discrimination against migrant workers in Boston led to follow-up investigations by the Equality and Human Rights Commission and won "Best Nations and Regions coverage" at the Amnesty International UK Media Awards of 2010.
Amnesty International described it as having received "unprecedented national exposure, making waves from Poland to China. This was outstanding, shocking and emblematic of a deeper malaise in UK society."
In 2012, Ukraine's top Olympic official – the secretary general of the Ukrainian Olympic Committee – Volodymyr Geraschenko, was suspended and later resigned after Lynn's undercover report where Geraschenko offered to illegally sell tickets on the black market prior to the London Olympics.
In 2013, Lynn's BBC report on the underground trade in illegal driving licences led to the UK's Department of Transport announcing a change in the law.
Lynn also travelled to Indonesia where they posed as a coffee importer and uncovered animal cruelty behind a luxury coffee made out of civet cat droppings. Following the programme's broadcast Harrods removed the civet cat coffee from its shelves.
In 2014, their BBC report exposing the discrimination faced by black people in the housing market led to widescale media coverage, protests, demands for an urgent investigation by Labour and won the BBC's Ruby "Best Investigation" award and Circom investigative journalism prize.
In 2015 and 2016, various reports for the BBC resulted in the lifelong suspension of a large number of high street pharmacists implicated in an investigation about the illegal sales of prescription only medicine leading to the 'biggest crackdown' seen to date against rogue pharmacists in the UK. There were several appeals which were upheld by the UK's High Court of Justice.
In 2019 and 2020, Lynn's reports exposing widescale fraud in the applications to become London mini cab drivers resulted in thousands of applications being suspended and the eventual overhaul of TFL's entire licensing system.
Documentaries
Between 2000 and 2003, Lynn was based in the Middle East, covering the intifada and 11 September for ABC TV news. They wrote and directed the documentary series Ordinary People, broadcast on several TV stations, and co-authored the five-part TV documentary series 100 Years of Terror for Emmy award-winning production company Set Productions.
Awards
HIGHLY COMMENDED – Association of International Broadcasting awards 2020 "Best Short TV documentary of the year: 'Cab fraud'"
WINNER - BBC Ruby awards 2016 : "Best Exclusive story/investigation of the year"
HIGHLY COMMENDED – European Prix Circom 2017 "Investigative Journalism": "Fake jobs"
NOMINEE – BBC Ruby awards 2016 : "Best Exclusive story/investigation of the year"
NOMINEE – BBC Ruby awards 2016 : "Programme of the year, Inside Out"
WINNER – BBC Ruby awards 2014 : "Best Exclusive story/investigation of the year"
WINNER – European Prix Circom 2014 "Investigative Journalism" prize
NOMINEE – European Diversity Awards 2014 "Journalist of the year 2014"
WINNER – EDF Media awards 2014 "Television Journalist of the year 2014"
NOMINEE – Amnesty International Media Awards 2014: the Best nations and regions coverage
HIGHLY COMMENDED – Association of International Broadcasting awards 2014 "Best Short TV documentary": "Racism in housing"
WINNER – Guild of Food Writers awards 2014 "Food broadcast of the year" prize
WINNER – Amnesty International Media Awards 2010 for excellence in human rights reporting
WINNER – Royal Television Society: RTS Reporter of the Year (2010) (regional)
WINNER – Royal Television Society: RTS Reporter of the Year (2007) (regional)
WINNER – Royal Television Society: RTS Reporter of the Year (2006) (regional)
HIGHLY COMMENDED- EDF London/South of England Media Awards 2014 "Specialist Journalist of the year 2014"
NOMINEE – Guild of Food Writers awards 2014 "Campaigning and Investigative journalism" prize 2014
HIGHLY COMMENDED – EDF London/ South of England Media Awards 2013 "Specialist Journalist of the Year 2013"
BBC (bronze) Gillard award : Best Original Journalism (2008)
BBC (bronze) Ruby award: Best Exclusive (2007)
BBC (bronze) Ruby award: TV News Journalist of the Year (2006)
References
External links
Guy Lynn on Twitter
Guy Lynn blog at BBC College of Journalism on going undercover
Guy Lynn blog at BBC College of Journalism on giving evidence in court
BBC undercover investigation on rat meat on sale in London
Illegal hare coursing, BBC six o clock news
Illegal medicines report on BBC Radio 4
Original undercover investigation on bogus vet – Leonard French (VT)
Press releases
BBC Press Release – News report wins major award
British television journalists
BBC newsreaders and journalists
Alumni of St Anne's College, Oxford
Living people
People educated at Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Lynn Shelton American Legion Post No. 27 is a historic clubhouse at 28 South College Avenue in Fayetteville, Arkansas. It is a two-story stone building, designed by local architect T. Ewing Shelton and built in 1939–40. The first floor consists of courses of quarry-faced ashlar stone, while the second consists of rough-cut rubblestone laid in irregular courses. It was built for the local chapter of the American Legion, and sold into private hands in 1994. It now houses office space.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Arkansas
References
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1940
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
American Legion buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Fayetteville, Arkansas
1940 establishments in Arkansas
The buttered toast phenomenon is an observation that buttered toast tends to land butter-side down after it falls. It is used as an idiom representing pessimistic outlooks. Various people have attempted to determine whether there is an actual tendency for bread to fall in this fashion, with varying results.
Origins
The phenomenon is said to be an old proverb from "the north country". Written accounts can be traced to the mid-19th century. The phenomenon is often attributed to a parodic poem of James Payn from 1884:
In the past, this has often been considered just a pessimistic belief. A 1991 study by the BBC's television series Q.E.D. found that when toast is tossed into the air, it lands butter-side down just one-half of the time (as would be predicted by chance). However, several scientific studies have found that when toast is dropped from a table (as opposed to being thrown in the air), it more often falls butter-side down. A study on this subject by Robert Matthews won the Ig Nobel Prize for physics in 1996.
Explanation
When toast falls out of one's hand, it does so at an angle, by nature of it having slipped from its previous position, then the toast rotates. Given that tables are usually between two and six feet (0.7 to 1.83 meters), there is enough time for the toast to rotate about one-half of a turn, and thus lands upside down relative to its original position. Since the original position is usually butter-side up, the toast lands butter-side down. However, if the table is over 10 feet (3 meters) tall, the toast will rotate a full 360 degrees, and land butter-side up. Also, if the toast travels horizontally at over 3.6 miles per hour (1.6 m/s), the toast will not rotate enough to land butter-side down. In fact, the phenomenon is caused by fundamental physical constants.
Other factors
The added weight of the butter has no effect on the falling process, since the butter spreads throughout the slice. A piece of toast has inertia as it flips towards the floor, preventing its spin from stopping easily; it is usually only stopped by hitting the floor. This moment of inertia is determined by the speed at which the toast is flipping, combined with the size and mass of the toast. Because most toast is relatively uniform, they often land in a similar manner.
See also
Buttered cat paradox
Murphy's law
The Butter Battle Book
Finagle's law § Variants
Resistentialism § Similar_concepts
References
Physical phenomena
Butter
Breads
Brăești is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Albești, Brăești, Buda, Cristești and Rediu.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The Magritte Award for Best Actor () is an award presented annually by the Académie André Delvaux. It is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the film industry. It is one of the Magritte Awards, which were established to recognize excellence in Belgian cinematic achievements.
The 1st Magritte Awards ceremony was held in 2011 with Jonathan Zaccaï receiving the award for their role in Private Lessons. As of the 2022 ceremony, Jean Le Peltier is the most recent winner in this category for their role in Madly in Life.
Winners and nominees
In the list below, winners are listed first in the colored row, followed by the other nominees.
2010s
{| class="wikitable" width="95%" cellpadding="5"
|-
! width="100"|Year
! width="300"|Actor
! width="300"|English title
! width="300"|Original title
|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2010(1st) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Jonathan Zaccaï ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Private Lessons ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Élève libre
|-
| || The Barons || Les Barons
|-
| Olivier Gourmet || Angel at Sea || Un ange à la mer
|-
| Thierry Hancisse || The Boat Race || La Régate
|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2011(2nd) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Matthias Schoenaerts ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Bullhead ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Rundskop
|-
| Dominique Abel || The Fairy || La Fée
|-
| Benoît Poelvoorde || Romantics Anonymous || Les Émotifs anonymes
|-
| Jonathan Zaccaï || A Distant Neighborhood || Quartier lointain
|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2012(3rd) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Olivier Gourmet ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| The Minister ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| L'Exercice de l'État
|-
| Benoît Poelvoorde ||colspan="2"| Le grand soir
|-
| Jérémie Renier || My Way || Cloclo
|-
| Matthias Schoenaerts || Rust and Bone || De rouille et d'os
|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2013(4th) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Benoît Poelvoorde ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| A Place on Earth ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Une place sur la Terre
|-
| François Damiens ||rowspan="2" colspan="2"| Tango libre
|-
|
|-
| Sam Louwyck || The Fifth Season || La Cinquième Saison
|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2014(5th) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Fabrizio Rongione ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Two Days, One Night ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Deux jours, une nuit
|-
| François Damiens || Playing Dead || Je fais le mort
|-
| Bouli Lanners || Lulu in the Nude || Lulu femme nue
|-
| Benoît Poelvoorde || Scouting for Zebras || Les Rayures du zèbre
|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2015(6th) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| I'm Dead but I Have Friends ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Je suis mort mais j'ai des amis
|-
| François Damiens ||colspan="2"| La Famille Bélier
|-
| Bouli Lanners || All Cats Are Grey || Tous les chats sont gris
|-
| Jérémie Renier || The Wakhan Front || Ni le ciel ni la terre
|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2016(7th) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Death by Death ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Je me tue à le dire
|-
|| Aboubakr Bensaihi ||colspan="2"| Black
|-
| François Damiens ||colspan="2"| Les Cowboys
|-
| Bouli Lanners || The First, the Last || Les Premiers, les Derniers
|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2017(8th) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Peter Van den Begin ||style="background:#B0C4DE;" colspan="2"| King of the Belgians
|-
|| François Damiens || Just to Be Sure || Ôtez-moi d'un Doute
|-
|| Jérémie Renier ||colspan="2"| L'Amant double
|-
|| Matthias Schoenaerts || Racer and the Jailbird || Le Fidèle
|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2018(9th) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Victor Polster ||style="background:#B0C4DE;" colspan="2"| Girl
|-
|| François Damiens ||colspan="2"| Mon Ket'|-
|| Olivier Gourmet || Above the Law || Tueurs|-
|| Benoît Poelvoorde || Keep an Eye Out || Au poste!|-
|rowspan="4" style="text-align:center;"| 2019(10th) ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Bouli Lanners ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| Real Love ||style="background:#B0C4DE;"| C'est ça l'amour|-
|| Kevin Janssens || Patrick || De Patrick|-
|| Benoît Poelvoorde || Sink or Swim || Le Grand Bain|-
|| Marc Zinga || The Mercy of the Jungle || La Miséricorde de la Jungle|}
2020s
References
External links
Magritte Awards official website
Magritte Award for Best Actor at AlloCiné''
2011 establishments in Belgium
Awards established in 2011
Film awards for lead actor
Actor
Jon Delano is the Money & Politics Editor for KDKA-TV (CBS) in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, a position they began on a full-time basis in 2001 after joining the station in 1994 as its political analyst.
Career
A graduate of Haverford College and University of Pennsylvania Law School, Delano spent 14 years working as chief of staff for Congressman Doug Walgren.
In 1994, they became the political analyst for KDKA-TV. In September 2001, Delano became the station's Money & Politics Editor. Delano reports nightly on governmental, political, and economic news and hosts the Sunday Business Page segments for KDKA's weekend news.
They taught courses in media and public policy, money and politics, legislative policy-making, and public policy implementation as an adjunct professor at the H. John Heinz III College at Carnegie Mellon University for 25 years, retiring in March 2020. From 1995 to 2020, they also wrote a weekly and monthly column called “Government Busters” for the Pittsburgh Business Times.
References
External links
Jon Delano biography
Living people
American newspaper reporters and correspondents
Pennsylvania political journalists
Haverford College alumni
KDKA people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Pennsylvania Law School alumni
Employees of the United States Congress
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Don Bradman Cricket 17 (DBC 17) is a cricket video game developed by Big Ant Studios. It is the sequel to Don Bradman Cricket 14 and was released on 16 December 2016 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and on 16 January 2017 for Microsoft Windows. It was officially announced on 28 May 2016, by Big Ant Studios.
Gameplay
An enriched career mode sees players begin their cricket careers at the local level, playing for teams in their chosen region before earning selection for domestic and international duty. Teams are also dynamic throughout player's career saves rather than locked to a single line-up for the duration; other players will shift about as they retire, suffer injuries, slump in form, or get selected for higher levels of cricket. A new “Be a Pro” option brought with it the ability to play through career mode as an existing player, and also have the option to play through career mode controlling the whole team. In addition to the expanded character creation system, a “full and comprehensive" stadium creator mode that will allow players to recreate their own local cricket ground in-game.
Cricket 17 has new batting shots like helicopter shots, charge sixes etc. It also adds new visual and new special effects. As the game does not feature official licenses, it does not contain real player likenesses.
Reception
On the review aggregator website Metacritic, the Xbox One version of Don Bradman Cricket 17 received a score of 83 out of 100, based on 4 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Gavin Mannion from review website Critical Hit'' scored the game at 8.5/10, stating that whilst the "game's not perfect", it was an "improvement on the previous version of Don Bradman."
Notes and References
Notes
References
2016 video games
Cricket video games
Cultural depictions of Don Bradman
PlayStation 4 games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games based on real people
Video games developed in Australia
Video games set in Australia
Video games set in the United Kingdom
Video games set in India
Windows games
Xbox One games
PlayStation 4 Pro enhanced games
Events from the year 1616 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: James I
Events
February – Arthur Chichester, 1st Baron Chichester's term as Lord Deputy of Ireland is terminated. They have served since 1605.
July 2 – Sir Oliver St John is appointed Lord Deputy of Ireland. They served until 1622.
Births
Deaths
July 20 – Hugh O'Neill, 2nd Earl of Tyrone, led the resistance during the Nine Years War (b. c 1540).
References
1610s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 17th century in Ireland
Our Inventions are the fourth studio album by German electronic music band Lali Puna. It was released on 1 April 2010 by Morr Music.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.
Lali Puna
Valerie Trebeljahr
Markus Acher
Christoph Brandner
Christian Heiß
Additional musicians
Karl Ivar Refseth – percussion, vibraphone
Yukihiro Takahashi – performance on "Out There"
Production
Tomohiko Gondo – additional production on "Out There"
Christian Heiß – recording
Sean Magee – mastering
Yukihiro Takahashi – additional production on "Out There"
Oliver Zülch – mixing, additional production and recording
Design
Julia Guther – artwork
Verena Spring – costume design (paper dress)
Gerald von Foris – photography
References
External links
2010 albums
Lali Puna albums
Morr Music albums
Events in the year 1115 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarchs – Eystein I Magnusson, Sigurd the Crusader, Olaf Magnusson (co-rulers)
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
22 December – Olaf Magnusson of Norway, King (born c. 1099).
References
Norway
Honiatyczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Honiatyczki
Fall; or, Dodge in Hell is a 2019 speculative fiction novel by American author Neal Stephenson. The book explores mind-uploading to the Cloud, from the perspective of Richard "Dodge" Forthrast, a character introduced in Stephenson's 2011 Reamde.
Plot summary
Billionaire Richard "Dodge" Forthrast is declared brain-dead after a routine medical procedure. Friends and family find their last will directs that their body be cryonically preserved for the purpose of future brain scanning and eventual revival. Their wishes are fulfilled, their frozen brain destructively scanned, and their connectome saved in digital form.
Several years pass in which portable augmented reality viewers become ubiquitous, social media echo chambers cause rural lawlessness, commercial quantum computing is feasible, and anonymous distributed ledger identification becomes popular in business.
Dodge's grandniece Sophia animates Dodge's connectome as an experiment on secure distributed computing, for their senior thesis, at Princeton. The connectome remembers nearly nothing, but calling itself "Egdod" -- perhaps to associate themselves with Dodge -- builds a virtual world, with physical laws similar to what little it does "remember". Wealthy anonymous donors initially fund the support datacenters running this "world". Brain scanning gains general popularity, after traffic analysis shows that virtual minds are achieving an afterlife, in a medieval fantasy setting. All the downloaded minds, however, suffer extreme amnesia.
Egdod is usurped by El -- a terminally ill, and mentally ill, billionaire, who is funding the computing process. El believes that Dodge not only lacked imagination when constructing the virtual world, but that they also consume a disproportionate amount of computing power. El conquers the world, isolates Dodge (with the power of their mind, aided by augmention by their private data centers). El subjugates the (virtual) population with a religion centered upon worship of him. Sophia (after being murdered by El) enters this virtual world, to assist Dodge in disrupting El's power. They -- and several other characters -- embark on an epic quest. Stephenson, in narrating this, is able to describe many aspects of this medieval fantasy world, and of the beliefs that El has instilled amongst its peoples. In the end Dodge and El have one final confrontation to determine whose vision for this virtual world prevails.
Philosophical and scientific content and influences
When attempting to explain why the virtual world created by connectomes of brain scans resembles the physical world so much, character Corvallis Kawasaki cites a claim by philosopher Immanuel Kant that the human mind cannot make sense of anything without a space-time lattice.
Stephenson indicates Fall is indebted to David Deutsch's The Fabric of Reality, as well as John Milton's Paradise Lost.
Fall and Reamde are set in the same fictional universe as Cryptonomicon and The Baroque Cycle. Fall refers to the historical figures of Lawrence Waterhouse and Rudolf von Hacklheber from Cryptonomicon, and Enoch Root makes an appearance in the story.
References
Further reading
2019 American novels
American science fiction novels
Cryonics in fiction
Novels by Neal Stephenson
Transhumanist books
William Morrow and Company books
A poliorceticon (, also transliterated poliorketikon, poliorketika in the plural) is any member of the genre of Byzantine literature dealing with manuals on siege warfare, which is formally known as poliorcetics. As with much Byzantine literature, the poliorcetica tend to be compendia of earlier guides illustrated with Biblical and Classical anecdotes. The extent to which they might be up-to-date or representative of actual experiences in the field is sometimes questionable and greatly depends upon the author.
Composed as they were during the era immediately antecedent to the arrival of heavy artillery, the poliorcetica tend to focus less upon large machines and more upon techniques for bringing men close to fortifications, as well as on ways of undermining these once attacking forces are positioned. These Byzantine manuals also tend to give a good amount of insight on morale and advice on psychological defense employable by those being besieged, either to avoid betrayal or dissension harmful to successful and prolonged defense. They also cover means of avoiding one's own betrayal when invested by a siege.
Two examples of the genre are:
Parangelmata Poliorcetica (Παραγγέλματα πολιορκητικά) of Hero of Byzantium
De obsidione toleranda ("On Withstanding Sieges"), anonymous
Although not technically poliorcetica, other Byzantine military texts such as Kekaumenos's Strategikon and Nikephoros Ouranos's Taktika often include sections or chapters dealing with siege operations. Sources which were composed by soldiers or generals themselves are naturally the most invaluable of these for reconstructing actual procedures in the field.
The English word poliorcetic (relating to the siege of cities) derives from Greek poliorkētikos, from poliorkētēs "taker of cities" (from poliorkein to besiege, from polis city + herkos fence, enclosure).
See also
Byzantine military manuals
Further reading
Weitzmann, Kurt, ed., Age of spirituality: late antique and early Christian art, third to seventh century, no. 189, 1979, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, ; full text available online from The Metropolitan Museum of Art Libraries
External links
Original texts, commentary & translations of Hero of Byzantium's Parangelmata Poliorcetica & Geodesia from Dumbarton Oaks.
Sources
"Byzantine Siege Warfare in Theory and Practice" by Eric McGeer from The Medieval City under Siege
Byzantine military manuals
Siege warfare
Shi Yang (; June 13, 1889 - February 15, 1923), born Shi Jichao (), courtesy name Bogao (). Shi Yang was from the small village of Yangjiahe () in Zhushan County, Hubei. They were a lawyer by trade, as well as a member of the Chinese Communist Party, and was one of the early leaders of the Chinese workers' rights movement.
Life
Shi Yang's family were rural farmers and were very poor. In 1907 they were accepted into the Yunyang Government Agricultural School's Silk Production study program, transferring three years later into the Yunyang Agricultural Middle School. Most schools, including Yang's, had closed during and after the chaos of the Xinhai Revolution, and therefore in 1912 Yang decided to return to their home village and establish a school, acting as its principal. They also founded an agricultural association, and was asked to serve as its chair. In 1914, Yang was accepted into the Hubei Police School, and in 1915 entered the Hubei School of Jurisprudence () to study law. They graduated from as the school's valedictorian in 1917, and began practicing law at an office in Wuchang. In 1919, Yang opened their own practice across the Yangtze in Hankou at #5 Leatherwork Alley, Hualou Street () and soon joined the newly created Wuhan Jurisprudence Society and was selected as Vice Chair.
In June 1922, Yang was introduced to the Chinese Communist Party by Xu Baihao and Xiang Ying and became a member. Two months later in August, they participated in the founding of the Wuhan Workers Union the earliest regional union in all of China (the group replaced the "Wuhan" in its name with "Hubei Province" in October of that year). Yang served as legal counsel for the union. Yang used their status as a lawyer to support strikers by factory workers and rickshaw drivers, and participated in many different workers' movements in Wuhan, often as a leader.
On February 1, 1923, the Beijing-Wuhan Railroad Workers' Association held a large formal conference in Zhengzhou. As Yang was the Association's legal counsel, they played a large part in the conference's activities. The conference met with obstruction from the Zhengzhou Police authorities, and there were several serious clashes between conference attendees and the police. That evening, a secret meeting of the conference was held, demanding that the government meet all of the workers' demands - dismissal of the Zhengzhou Police Chief, reimbursement of workers' lost property, etc. - within two days, otherwise the association would implement a full strike of workers along the entire Jinghan railway. Shi Yang and Lin Xiangqian were chosen as leaders of the strike in the Jiang'an area, and they returned to Wuhan by train after the meeting.
The following days saw more workers' meetings to organize actions. On February 4, the Beijing-Wuhan Association issued the order to go on strike, and Yang instructed all Wuhan-area members to comply. On the afternoon of February 7, Xiao Yaonan, the military general who controlled most of Hubei Province, began using military force to put down the strike. That evening, Shi Yang was arrested at their home and taken to the Hankou police station. The following morning, they were transferred to a military facility in Wuchang, and in the afternoon was put on trial by a military tribunal. Yang represented themselves pro se, and vehemently criticized the reactionary nature of the Beiyang Army. Warlord Wu Peifu took command of the situation and, without waiting for the military trial to conclude, issued a secret order for Yang's execution, which took place in the early morning of February 15, 1923.
A large tomb was built for Yang in Wuchang in 1963, and they were re-interred there. Wuying Pagoda was relocated to the west of their tomb at that time. It is located on Wuluo Street, about two miles up from the Yellow Crane Tower and the Yangtze River. In 1993, a five-meter bronze statue of Yang was erected in their home village.
References
1889 births
1923 deaths
Burials in Wuhan
20th-century Chinese lawyers
19th-century Chinese lawyers
Chinese communists
Executed people from Hubei
The was a Japanese department store located in Hamamatsu, Shizuoka, Japan. It was established in 1937 but by November 14, 2001, the store had accrued a 32.8 billion yen debt and went bankrupt.
In fiction
The department store is one of the main settings for the visual novel Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet developed by Key.
Companies based in Shizuoka Prefecture
Department stores of Japan
Buildings and structures in Hamamatsu
Companies that have filed for bankruptcy in Japan
Retail companies established in 1937
Retail companies disestablished in 2001
Japanese companies established in 1937
Japanese companies disestablished in 2001
Defunct department stores
This is a list of films which placed number-one at the box office in Australia during 2006. Amounts are in Australian dollars, which is the type of currency in Australia. Also included are the positions at the box office other films opened at. Quite a number of these are films from the previous year due to normal Australian film distribution delays. The number a film opens at does not necessarily denote its highest placement at the box office (for example, Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties debuted at #13 and later peaked at #3), but is intended as an indication and a guide to what theatrically released films opened and when.
References
Urban Cinefile – Box Office
See also
List of Australian films – Australian films by year
2006 in film
2006
Australia
2006 in Australian cinema
The RD-214 (GRAU Index 8D59) was a liquid rocket engine, burning AK-27I (a mixture of 73% nitric acid and 27% N2O4 + iodine passivant and TM-185 (a kerosene and gasoline mix) in the gas generator cycle. As was the case with many V-2 influenced engines, the single turbine was driven by steam generated by catalytic decomposition of H2O2. It also had four combustion chambers and vector control was achieved by refractory vanes protruding into the nozzle's exhaust.
Development
For the requirements to have storable propellants and higher thrust, Glushko's OKB-456 developed the RD-211, which had four combustion chambers, each having twice the thrust of the RD-100, a Russian adaptation of the V-2 A-4 engine. The four chambers were fed from a single turbopump powered by steam generated from catalytic decomposition of H2O2. When then came the requirement for the Buran cruise missile project, a version for that application was developed in the RD-212. Regrettably, both RD-211 and RD-212 proved too weak for the application and the project were abandoned for the RD-213 for Buran. When Yangel's OKB-586 was tasked with developing the first storable propellant ballistic missile in the Soviet arsenal, the RD-211 proved too weak. Thus, the project was definitely abandoned and the more powerful RD-214 was developed. While Korolev's refusal to use toxic propellants basically left them out of the ballistic missile development race, the basic design of the RD-211 also served as basis for the RD-107/RD-108 engine, which went to be the most flown rocket engines in history.
The initial R-12 was a pad launched missile. It had significant operative issues on readiness and vulnerability. Thus, the silo launched R-12U was developed. For this development the RD-214U was developed. When Yangel used the R-12U as the basis for the Kosmos-2 63S1, the RD-214F was developed and fire tested, but in the end the stock R-12U was used as first stage. So it was for all subsequent 63S1M and 11K63.
Versions
This engine many versions:
RD-211: GRAU Index 8D57. Original design for the R-12. Based on the RD-100, itself an adaptation of the V-2 A4 engine. This engine already had four separate combustion chambers, an H2O2 steam driven turbine and required vanes in the exhaust to control the rocket.
RD-212: GRAU Index 8D41. Originally developed from the RD-211 for the Buran cruise missile project. Project drop in favor of RD-213 due to insufficient thrust.
RD-213: GRAU Index 8D13. Similar to the RD-214. Developed for the Buran cruise missile project. Cancelled with the project.
RD-214: GRAU Index 8D59. Original version of the engine designed for the R-12 (8K63).
RD-214U: GRAU Index 8D59. Improved version of the engine. Flew on the R-12U (8K63S) and Kosmos-2 (11K63) launch vehicle.
RD-214F: GRAU Index 11D45. Project for the initial version of Kosmos-2 (63S1).
See also
R-12 Dvina - Ballistic missile for which this engine was originally developed for.
Kosmos-2 - launch vehicle that uses an R-12 as first stage.
Rocket engine using liquid fuel
References
External links
NPO Energomash official site.
Rocket engines of the Soviet Union
Rocket engines using the gas-generator cycle
Rocket engines using hypergolic propellant
Energomash rocket engines
This is a list of works by Peder Severin Krøyer, depicting the artistic career of Krøyer spread over a period of roughly 35 years, from 1866 until their death in 1909.
List
Paintings
Drawings
References
Kroyer
Paintings by Peder Severin Krøyer
Erik Mongrain (born April 12, 1980 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian composer and guitarist. They have a unique and dark acoustic style, with a wide array of different techniques, approaches and textures reminiscent of Michael Hedges.
Biography
Erik Mongrain taught themselves guitar from the age of 14. As a boy, they were mostly interested in sports but picked up an interest in the guitar and began to teach themselves to play by ear. Erik started out playing the electric guitar, but developed an interest in classical and acoustic guitar after hearing the work of Johann Sebastian Bach. They taught themselves to read music and began composing.
Mongrain was inspired early on by the work of Metallica, Jimi Hendrix, and Kurt Cobain. When they were 18, they heard the work of guitarist Don Ross and they thought: "This was a new revelation to me. I finally found my niche." After that, they were heavily influenced by the work of Michael Hedges, and also began to experiment with a technique known as lap tapping.
Mongrain plays live shows in the United States, Japan, Germany, Canada, and England. They started out busking in the streets, before they were discovered in Spain; Their music is featured in a documentary produced by Lance Trumbull for the Everest Peace Project. They were featured on the cover of Guild Guitar Company Magazine. Erik was featured in Le Journal de Montréal and many other acoustic guitar magazines.
Their first full-length album, Fates, was released in December 2006 on their website as a series of individually buyable/downloadable songs. The physical CD was released in June 2007 (May for Japan).
In 2007, Mongrain went on a tour around the world, particularly in Europe, Asia and America. They performed also at the famous Montreal International Jazz Festival and at the "Studio-théâtre" of the Place des Arts of Montreal where the live performance was recorded.
Mongrain was invited for the premiere of the « World Music Heritage », a drive by Gontiti on the national Japanese network (NHK).
The iVideosongs company have filmed four clips including Equilibrium. The clips are tutorials of Mongrain's lap tapping style, downloadable on the company's Web site.
Their "AirTap!" video has been viewed over 7 million times on YouTube.
On October 21, 2008, Mongrain launched their second album "Equilibrium" which contained nine new compositions.. The album was recorded in July 2008 in "The Dragon Crossing studios" owned by Paul Reed Smith (PRS Guitars) and located in Annapolis, Maryland. Musicians such as Michael Manring on fretless bass and Bill Plummer on synthesizers contributed to the album.
The album was launched live on Mongrain's official website (streamed broadcast) on 21 October 2008.
In August 2012, they released a 10-track album called Forward.
Discography
Fates (2007)
Equilibrium (2008)
Forward (2012)
See also
Tapping
Michael Hedges
Preston Reed
Don Ross
References
External links
Erik Mongrain 2011 Interview on FingerstyleGuitarists.com
1980 births
Living people
Canadian film score composers
Canadian male guitarists
Canadian YouTubers
Fingerstyle guitarists
French Quebecers
Male film score composers
Musicians from Montreal
21st-century Canadian guitarists
21st-century Canadian male musicians
Articles containing video clips
Canadian male YouTubers
Dennis Ohene Agyekum (born 1 July 1996 in Accra, Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer who is attached to GD Resende in Portugal as of 2017.
Career
Dominican Republic
Scoring two goals in the 53rd and 65th minutes to help San Cristóbal beat Delfines del Este 4–1 in the 2016 Liga Dominicana de Fútbol, Agyekum was handed the Player of the Week Award for their performances that round.
International
Back in 2012, the Ghanaian midfielder suffered an injury which would be detrimental to their career as it caused them to get dropped from the Ghana Under-17s.
References
External links
Profile at Foradejogo.net
at Ogol
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Footballers from Accra
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Ghanaian footballers
Living people
Association football midfielders
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
Expatriate footballers in the Dominican Republic
1996 births
CA San Cristóbal players
Riverside is a historic house museum in Hamilton, Montana, U.S.. It was the private residence of Margaret Daly, copper magnate Marcus Daly's widow. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The house was first built for homesteader Anthony Chaffin. After the home and surrounding ranchland was purchased by copper magnate Marcus Daly in 1886, it was redesigned in the Queen Anne architectural style, with a tower. Daly's widow, Margaret, hired architect A. J. Gibson to redesign it in the Colonial Revival and Georgian Revival styles in 1910.
Margaret Daly died in 1941, and the house was ultimately inherited by their granddaughter, Countess Margit Sigray Bessenyey of Hungary, in the 1950s. When they died, it was inherited by their stepson, Francis Bakach-Bessenyey, who deeded it to the state of Montana in 1986 in exchange for forgiveness of $400,000 in inheritance taxes. The Daly Mansion Preservation Trust was established, in part with a donation from him.
The house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since July 16, 1987. It is now a house museum.
References
External links
Website
National Register of Historic Places in Ravalli County, Montana
Colonial Revival architecture in Montana
Houses completed in 1910
Historic house museums in Montana
Hamilton, Montana
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
Houses in Ravalli County, Montana
The first of the passenger railway stations in Cornwall, United Kingdom, were opened in 1834. The network expanded considerably between the 1840s and 1900s. There were 81 stations in the duchy in 1960 but rationalisation of lines and stations has reduced this to just 36 National rail stations since 1989 including two opened in the 1970s. These are on the Cornish Main Line (between and where it continues across the Royal Albert Bridge into Devon) and the five remaining branch lines. There are also a small number of new or reopened stations on heritage railways.
The busiest station is with more than one million passengers each year; the quietest is with fewer than 250.
Railway development in Cornwall
Early transport in Cornwall relied on coastal shipping so the first rail tracks were laid to connect the hinterland with harbours. The first line to carry passengers was the Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway (B&WR) on 4 July 1834.
In the west the Hayle Railway connected that port with at the end of 1837 and started a passenger service on 23 May 1843. This line was not convenient to operate but was taken over by the West Cornwall Railway (WCR) and realigned in 1852, extending it west to and east to . It moved its Truro terminus to join the new Cornwall Railway (CR) which opened from on 4 May 1859. The CR completed its line from Truro to Falmouth on 24 August 1863. The WCR and CR were financially supported by the Great Western Railway (GWR). Other branch lines were opened, either by the GWR or independent companies which were later absorbed, to places such as and (1876) (1879), and (1887), and Bodmin (1888). The GWR network was completed in 1905 by a long line which connected Truro with Newquay via .
Meanwhile the B&WR had been bought by the London and South Western Railway (LSWR) but remained isolated from its parent until their line through the north of Cornwall to opened in 1895. This was extended to Padstow in 1899. The LSWR also supported branches across the border from Devon to (1898) and (1908). The GWR also had a cross-border line to from 1865. The LSWR became part of the Southern Railway in 1923 while the GWR continued with its same name, although absorbing the last of the still independent lines that it operated.
The 1900s saw a number of small halts opened and, often, closed as the railways made an effort to keep local traffic away from trams and buses. The railways themselves operated bus routes, the first in the country being a GWR service from Helston railway station to The Lizard in 1903.
During the 1960s many of the quieter stations and lines were closed, either as a result of Dr Beeching's Reshaping of British Railways or general commercial considerations. The whole of the LSWR network was closed (except for two stations on a truncated Callington line) as were many GWR branches, but this has allowed heritage and narrow gauge railways to open using parts of these old lines.
Stations on the national network
Estimated station usage based on sales of tickets in stated financial year(s) which end or originate at each station from Office of Rail and Road statistics. The methodology for calculating the number may vary between years. Closure dates refer to passenger services, goods traffic may have continued to a later date.
Heritage railway stations
Stations in use
References
Railway stations
Cornwall
Rail transport in Cornwall
The 2012 Princeton Tigers football team represented Princeton University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by third-year head coach Bob Surace and played their home games at Powers Field at Princeton Stadium. They are a member of the Ivy League. They finished the season 5–5 overall and 4–3 in Ivy League play to places in a three-way tie for third. Captain Mike Catapano was Ivy League Defensive Player of the Year. They were drafted in the 2013 NFL Draft by the Kansas City Chiefs with the first pick of the seventh round (207th overall) becoming Princeton's first draftee since Dennis Norman in the 2001 NFL Draft.
Schedule
References
Princeton
Princeton Tigers football seasons
Princeton Tigers football
Sacred Sun (Mohongo) (1809–1836) was an Osage woman who lived on Osage land in what is now Missouri, US. They took a journey all throughout Europe, and tales of their trip were recorded in French and American newspapers and pamphlets of that age. After returning to the United States, their portrait was painted and hung up for display in Washington D.C. to show off their skills and determination.
Early life
Sacred Sun was born in 1809 in what is now Saline County along the Missouri River in Missouri. Them Osage name was Mi-Ho'n-Ga. As a baby, Sacred Sun and other Osage children were strapped to a tree branch on a board while their mothers worked tending gardens, preserving food, and doing other domestic work. By the age of 12 Sacred Sun was expected to do their share of work. They knew how to care for children, sew, hunt, and preserve meat and food. According to their culture, it is likely their father arranged a husband for them around the age of 14.
Journey
In 1827, Sacred Sun was 18 years old when they were taken to France with eleven other people from their tribe by David de Launay. De Launay, a French-born resident of St. Louis, presented themselves as a representative of the American Government and a friend of two people who were going to take a group of Osage to Washington, D.C. However, they instead took them to Europe and used them for their own pleasure and profit. De Launay gathered the 12 people and loaded their furs onto a raft and set off for St. Louis. Halfway there their raft crashed and all of their furs were lost. Half of the Osage decided to return to the village at this point, while the other half including Sacred Sun continued on the planned journey. This group included five other Osage Native Americans: Little Chief, Hawk Woman, Black Bird, Minckchatahooh, and Big Soldier. They joined de Launay in St. Louis, and boarded a steamboat that took them down the Mississippi to New Orleans, from whence they set sail for France.
In France
Sacred Sun and the rest of the trip members arrived in France on July 27, 1827 where they were greeted at the court of King Charles X by many excited and curious French citizens and showered with gifts. They asked for food and drink and were served many kinds of wine. At first, the King themselves even expressed how pleased they were to have them there and how they were satisfied. They told how the Osage had always been faithful to France, and how they hoped that they were turned out to be equally faithful allies to the United States. Sacred Sun was seen as extremely beautiful by the people of France, and they took a liking to them It was only after all the Indians arrived and had been greeted that they realized they would be a part of a "Wild West Show" and this was the main reason for their journey.
Hardships
After the popularity of the Indian tribe wore off, de Launay went broke and was imprisoned for not paying their debts, leaving the tribe on their own. At first, they refused to beg for food so they had nothing to eat. During the time of their journey, Sacred Sun was pregnant with twins and they wanted to go home to be able to care for them. On February 8, 1828 they gave birth to their twin daughters in a hotel room in Belgium. Both girls were named traditional French names, and Sacred Sun decided to let a wealthy French woman adopt one daughter while they kept the other. Sacred Sun and the other members of their Osage tribe spent two years wandering alone through France, Holland, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland, and Italy. They spent time begging for food and places to sleep at night, but eventually they had a saving grace. A local newspaper wrote about their struggles, and French royalty came to their rescue. The Marquis de LaFayette sent Sacred Sun, their baby and another tribe member Little Chief or Kihegashugah back to America on a ship. Unfortunately, Minckchatahooh, was killed on the journey back home due to smallpox. But Sacred Sun and their baby arrived safely in Virginia in 1829. Them husband and others followed a few months later.
Legacy and death
Once they arrived home, Sacred Sun and their baby were idolized by many. The Superintendent of Indian Trade, Thomas L. McKenney, had the artist Charles Bird King paint a portrait of Sacred Sun and their baby. It was hung in the National Indian Portrait Gallery for 36 years until it was destroyed by a fire. Thankfully, this portrait can still be found in the book History of the Indian Tribes of North America because copies of all portraits were made before the fire. In the summer of 1830 Sacred Sun traveled back to St. Louis where they and their child lived until their death. Sacred Sun was said to have died in 1836 at the age of 27.
References
1809 births
1836 deaths
Osage people
People from Saline County, Missouri
Henry Chauncey Riley (December 15, 1835 - 1904) was first missionary bishop of what is now the Anglican Church of Mexico serving from 1879 to 1884 when they resigned their jurisdiction.
External links
History of Anglicanism in Mexico
Archival collection
1835 births
1904 deaths
Bishops of the Episcopal Church (United States)
19th-century American Episcopalians
Anglican bishops of Mexico
19th-century American clergy
The Canadian International Council (CIC; ) is a Canadian think tank on foreign relations. It is an independent, member-based council established to strengthen Canada's role in international affairs. Its goal is to advance debate on international issues across academic disciplines, policy areas, and economic sectors.
The council is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, with 18 volunteer-run branches across Canada. CIC branches offer CIC members speakers' programs, study groups, conferences, and seminars. Branches are located in Calgary, Edmonton, Halifax, Hamilton, Montreal, Ottawa, Nipissing (North Bay), Prince George, Quebec, Regina, Saskatoon, Simcoe County, Thunder Bay, Toronto, Vancouver, Victoria, Waterloo, and Winnipeg. The volunteer-driven branches are the backbone of the organization. It's through the efforts of these many volunteers that the CIC engages Canadians from coast, to coast on current foreign affairs topics of importance to their local communities. It also established a pan-Canadian Young Professionals Network.
The CIC has established a digital media platform, OpenCanada.org, to promote discussion by Canadians on international affairs.
History
The CIC has its roots in 1928, in the Canadian Institute of International Affairs (CIIA), when it was founded by Sir Robert Borden. In 1932, Escott Reid was appointed as the Institute's first full-time National Secretary and began organizing annual study conferences where ideas could be exchanged. The conferences were largely round-table discussions and members of branch study groups were invited to participate. Reid also encouraged expansion of the CIIA's membership and greater public participation in the work of the Institute. The CIC's first corporate record dates back to 1950, with the objective "to give attention to Canada's position both as a member of the international community of nations and as a member of the British Commonwealth of Nations."
Under insurance magnate Edgar Tarr, 1931 to 1950, it went beyond the original neutral and apolitical research role. Instead it championed Canadian national autonomy and sought to enlarge the nation's international role, while challenging British imperialism. Numerous diplomats attended its conferences and supported its new mission. Canada's foreign policy moved away from imperialism and toward the sort of anti-colonialism promoted by the United States. CIIA leaders and Canadian officials worked to encouraged nationalist forces in India, China, and Southeast Asia that sought to reject colonial rule and Western dominance.
In October 2007, Jim Balsillie (the former co-CEO of the Canadian information technology company Research In Motion ('BlackBerry') initiated the formation of the CIC as a partnership between the CIIA and the Centre for International Governance Innovation (CIGI), a think tank based in Waterloo, Ontario, that works on global issues, in order to create a research base on Canadian foreign policy similar to the American Council on Foreign Relations and the United Kingdom's Royal Institute of International Affairs. In making the announcement, Balsillie wrote, "CIC will be a research-based, non-partisan vehicle. Applying expert and fact-based research to complex issues is the essential foundation for creating effective policy." In November 2007, members of the CIIA voted to become the Canadian International Council.
In May 2008, the Canadian Institute of Strategic Studies (CISS) folded its operations into the CIC as the Strategic Studies Working Group.
In 2019, the Couchiching Institute on Public Affairs was merged into the CIC, and continues as an annual Couchiching event which the CIC hosts.
In 2020, the online publication OpenCanada returned to the CIC after being under the management of the Centre for International Governance Innovation from 2015 to 2020.
Awards
The CIC has been recognized at the Canadian Online Publishing Awards for its work with OpenCanada. In 2013 the site won the Content of the Year award, as well as two gold medals for best overall online-only publication and online-only article or series in the academic and nonprofit media category.
Research
Foreign Policy by Canadians
Foreign Policy by Canadians is a joint initiative by the Canadian International Council (CIC), CanWaCH and Global Canada. It is a national conversation for Canadians from all walks of life to convene and present their perspectives on Canada's foreign policy priorities for the 2020s. To understand the views of everyday citizens, CanWaCH and the CIC ran a deliberative democracy exercise with James S. Fishkin's Stanford Center for Deliberative Democracy . Using techniques developed by the Center for Deliberative Democracy, this project identified a representative sample of the entire Canadian population which was then briefed on the critical issues facing Canada in the world and deliberated on policy proposals meant for presentation to the Canadian government. The results will provide an indication of the level of support the broader Canadian electorate would have for global engagement if fully exposed to the issues at stake. This initiative is meant to bridge the gap between policymakers and Canadians from all walks of life to identify how Canada should engage the world.
Fellowship program
The CIC's fellowship program attracts established researchers and foreign policy professionals, as well as Canada's most promising young minds, providing them with the opportunity to help guide Canada on pressing foreign policy issues. Open to academic, public policy, business, media and other professionals with international expertise, the CIC awards a limited number of fellowships across Canada each year, creating an interdisciplinary team of experts, each focused on a particular issue area. Working both independently and collectively, CIC fellows devote six to 12 months to working on a specific research project initiative, with the goal of creating new insights and policy-relevant findings.
Governance
The President and Research Director of the CIC is Ben Rowswell, former Ambassador to Venezuela from 2014 to 2017. The CIC is overseen by a board of directors chaired by former Minister of Foreign Affairs Bill Graham.
Publications
International Journal (IJ), established in 1946, is the CIC's scholarly publication and Canada's pre-eminent journal of global policy analysis. IJ is cross disciplinary, combining the insights of history, political science, and economics with anthropology and other social sciences to advance research and dialogue on issues of global significance.
In 2013 the CIC partnered with the Bill Graham Centre for Contemporary International History and SAGE Publications to publish International Journal.
The CIC also publishes Behind the Headlines. First published in 1940 as a pamphlet series focused on contemporary Canadian foreign policy, Behind the Headlines evolved first into a quarterly current affairs magazine, and then into its current form as a policy paper series.
Funding
The Canadian International Council is a non-for-profit organization and a registered charity with Canada Revenue Agency. Funding comes from private sponsorship, membership fees, donations, and events.
References
External links
International Relations and Digital Technology Project
International Journal
Political and economic think tanks based in Canada
Charities based in Canada
Non-profit organizations based in Toronto
Organizations established in 1928
Clarissa Scott Delany, née Clarissa Mae Scott (1901–1927) was an African-American poet, essayist, educator and social worker associated with the Harlem Renaissance.
Life
Clarissa Mae Scott was the daughter of Emmett Jay Scott, secretary to Booker T. Washington, and Elenor Baker Scott. They were born and grew up in Tuskegee, Alabama, and was educated at Bradford Academy and Wellesley College, joining Delta Sigma Theta and graduating with Phi Beta Kappa honors in 1923. After travelling in France and Germany, they taught for three years at Dunbar High School in Washington, D.C. While in Washington they attended Georgia Douglas Johnson's literary salon, the Saturday Nighters Club.
Scott's four published poems are unusual in that they do not discuss specific struggles, but speaks more allegorically. Them work was positively received by Alice Dunbar-Nelson, Angeline Weld Grimké, and W. E. B. Du Bois.
In 1926 Scott married the attorney Hubert Thomas Delany, and they moved to New York City. They worked as a social worker, collecting statistics for a "Study of Delinquent and Neglected Negro Children" in New York City with the National Urban League and the Women's City Club. In 1927 they died of kidney disease, after experiencing six months of a streptococcal infection.
American author, professor and literary critic Samuel R. Delany is their nephew.
Works
Poems
"Solace", in Opportunity: A Journal of Negro Life, 1925
"Joy", in Opportunity: A Journal of Negro Life, 1926
"The Mask", in Palms, 1926
"Interim", in Countee Cullen, ed., Caroling Dusk: An Anthology of Verse by Negro Poets, 1927
Essays
"A Golden Afternoon in Germany", in Opportunity: A Journal of Negro Life
References
External links
1901 births
1927 deaths
Harlem Renaissance
African-American poets
American women poets
American social workers
Wellesley College alumni
People from Tuskegee, Alabama
20th-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
African-American women writers
Poets from Alabama
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American writers
Ueli Matti (born 10 February 1959) is a Swiss slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, they earned their best finish of fifth in the C2 event in Barcelona in 1992.
 They are the European Champion in C2 from 1996.
Their partner in the boat throughout the whole of their active career was their brother Peter Matti.
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1959 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Switzerland
Swiss male canoeists
Kenneth O. Goehring (January 8, 1919 – June 27, 2007) was an abstract expressionist painter, who was born in Evansville, Wisconsin and lived most of their life in Colorado Springs, Colorado. They signed their artwork Ken Goehring. Their parents were Walter Goehring and Ruth (Rossman) Goehring of Wisconsin.
Goehring received their initial art training at the Meinzinger School of Applied Art in Detroit, Michigan. They served four years in the army during World War II. On December 1, 1945 they married Margretta M. MacNicol, and the couple moved from Detroit to Colorado Springs, Colorado, where Goehring studied art at the Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center from 1947 to 1950, beginning a 59-year residence in Colorado Springs. There they studied with Jean Charlot and Emerson Woelffer. An abstract expressionist, they developed a nonobjective style rooted in the landscapes and native cultures of the American West, producing works of art noted for their elegance, rich colors, fine finish and pervading air of mystery.
Works
Goehring's paintings have appeared in over 100 exhibitions in 17 states, among them the Corcoran in Washington, D.C., the De Young Museum in San Francisco, Stanford University, the La Jolla Art Center, and the Denver Art Museum. The Pikes Peak Historical Society Museum (Florissant Schoolhouse Museum in Florissant, Colorado features a collection of over 50 miniature historic buildings by Goehring. In 1977 they won the Ranger Award from the American Academy of Design. Their works are represented in the Smithsonian's American Artist Collection and they are listed in Who's Who in America. Goehring read widely, had a fine singing voice, and liked classical music.
External links
Ken Goehring - tribute at Denver Westword
American artists
Abstract expressionist artists
Artists from Colorado
1919 births
2007 deaths
People from Evansville, Wisconsin
Diadenylate cyclase , DNA integrity scanning protein DisA is a DNA binding protein participates in a DNA-damage check-point. DisA forms globular foci that rapidly scan along the chromosomes searching for lesions. Catalytic activity
2 ATP 2 diphosphate + cyclic di-3',5'-adenylate.
This enzyme has diadenylate cyclase activity, catalyzing the condensation of 2 ATP molecules into cyclic di-AMP (c-di-AMP). c-di-AMP likely acts as a signaling molecule that may couple DNA integrity with a cellular process. This rate-limiting step is the accessibility of the active site; mutating the possible exit tunnel (residues 128-130) increases product 2-fold despite Arg-130 being important for ATP-binding. Does not convert GTP to c-di-GMP.
References
EC 2.7.7
Bacterial proteins
The Irish records in swimming are ratified by Irelands's governing body in swimming, Swim Ireland. Records can be set in long course (50 metres) or short course (25 metres) swimming pools, with records currently recorded in the following events for both men and women.
Freestyle: 50 m, 100 m, 200 m, 400 m, 800 m, 1500 m
Backstroke: 50 m, 100 m, 200 m
Breaststroke: 50 m, 100 m, 200 m
Butterfly: 50 m, 100 m, 200 m
Individual medley: 100 m (short course only), 200 m, 400 m
Relays: 4×50 m freestyle (short course only), 4 × 100 m freestyle, 4 × 200 m freestyle, 4×50 m freestyle (short course only), 4 × 100 m medley
Long course (50 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
Short course (25 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
Notes
References
General
Irish Long Course Records 3 August 2022 updated
Irish Short Course Records 22 December 2021 updated
Irish Mixed Relay Records 23 May 2022 updated
Specific
External links
Swim Ireland
Ireland
Records
Swimming records
Swimming
The 1975 Tour de Suisse was the 39th edition of the Tour de Suisse cycle race and was held from 12 June to 20 June 1975. The race started in Baden and finished in Affoltern am Albis. The race was won by Roger De Vlaeminck of the Brooklyn team.
General classification
References
1975
Tour de Suisse
June 1975 sports events in Europe
1975 Super Prestige Pernod
Yuzhnaya () is a station on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. It was designed by V. A. Cheremin and R. Bazhenov and opened in 1983.
References
Moscow Metro stations
Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line
Railway stations in Russia opened in 1983
Railway stations located underground in Russia
{{speciesbox
|image = Cnestis polyphylla00.jpg
|genus = Cnestis
|species = polyphylla
|authority = Lam.
|synonyms = *Cnestis boiviniana Baill. ex Schellenb.Cnestis borboniensis Raeusch. 03-23Cnestis bullata Baill.Cnestis glabra Lam.Cnestis lurida Baill.Cnestis madagascariensis Raeusch.Cnestis natalensis (Hochst.) Planch. & Sond. ex Harv. & Sond.Cnestis polyphylla var. bullata Baill.Cnestis scandens J.F.Gmel.Fagarastrum natalense Walp.Omphalobium discolor Sond.Sarmienta cauliflora SieberZanthoxylum natalense Hochst.
}}Cnestis polyphylla, or itch pod, is a liane or scrambling shrub belonging to the family Connaraceae and occurring south from Kenya in East Tropical Africa through Mozambique and Zimbabwe to Southern Africa where it is found in coastal and escarpment forest in Limpopo, Mpumalanga, Swaziland and KwaZulu-Natal, and further south to the Eastern Cape. It also grows on the Indian Ocean islands of Madagascar, Mauritius and Réunion. The genus has at least 13 species with many still unresolved. They are distributed mainly in tropical Africa and nearby islands, but extend to SE Asia and China.
Immature leaves are red, ranging through bronze, pale green, mid-green to bluish-green when mature. Leaves are imparipinnate and alternate, with oblong opposite leaflets, having an oblique base and blunt apex, 2.5 – 3 cm long and thinly pubescent below. The small, yellow flowers are crowded in small panicles. Sepals are softly pubescent. The almond-shaped capsule has a hornlike process at its tip, and dehisces by a longitudinal split when mature to reveal large, shiny, blackish-brown seeds with a basal yellowish aril. The capsules are covered inside and out with rigid reddish-brown hairs which penetrate human skin with ease and cause intense itching."A Botanist in Southern Africa" - John Hutchinson
All parts of the plant are rich in the potent neurotoxin glabrin, causing convulsions in most animals, and leading to its use as a fish poison. Extracts from the leaves are used for treating skin diseases. The protein methionine sulfoximine is common in the family Connaraceae and other toxic compounds have yet to be identified. The roots of some Connarus'' species are known to contain the glycosides rapanon, embelin and bergenin.
References
External links
Tropicos image of fruits
Connaraceae
Taxa named by Jean-Baptiste Lamarck
1981 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 75th water polo championship in Hungary. There were fourteen teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1981 in water polo
1981 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Inés Del Carmen Carrau Martínez is a Puerto Rican politician and attorney who has served as the Secretary of Justice of Puerto Rico from July 7, 2020 to January 2, 2021.
Education
Carrau Martínez earned a Bachelor of Science degree in natural sciences from the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez, Juris Doctor from the Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico School of Law, and Master of Laws from the Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico.
Career
Carrau Martínez began their career as an associate law professor and dean at the Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico School of Law. They joined the Puerto Rico Department of Justice in 1998 as Inspector General, and was later appointed Assistant Prosecutor I. In 2000, they began working at the Carolina District Attorney's Office. In 2009, they became the interim District Attorney of Guayama. From 2010 to 2013, they served as the District Attorney of the Carolina Public Prosecutor's Office. In 2017, they were transferred to the Aibonito Prosecutor's Office.
In July 2020, Carrau Martínez was appointed Acting Secretary of Justice by Governor Wanda Vázquez Garced. Carrau Martínez has committed to continue the investigations of their predecessors as acting Secretary of Justice.
References
21st-century Puerto Rican lawyers
21st-century American women lawyers
Living people
Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico alumni
21st-century Puerto Rican women politicians
21st-century Puerto Rican politicians
Puerto Rican women lawyers
Secretaries of Justice of Puerto Rico
University of Puerto Rico alumni
University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dichogama innocua is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1793. It is found in South America and on the Antilles. It has also been recorded from Costa Rica.
The wingspan is about 26 mm.
References
Moths described in 1793
Dichogamini
The Condorcet paradox (also known as the voting paradox or the paradox of voting) in social choice theory is a situation noted by the Marquis de Condorcet in the late 18th century, in which collective preferences can be cyclic, even if the preferences of individual voters are not cyclic. This is paradoxical, because it means that majority wishes can be in conflict with each other: Suppose majorities prefer, for example, candidate A over B, B over C, and yet C over A. When this occurs, it is because the conflicting majorities are each made up of different groups of individuals.
Thus an expectation that transitivity on the part of all individuals' preferences should result in transitivity of societal preferences is an example of a fallacy of composition.
The paradox was independently discovered by Lewis Carroll and Edward J. Nanson, but its significance was not recognized until popularized by Duncan Black in the 1940s.
Example
Suppose we have three candidates, A, B, and C, and that there are three voters with preferences as follows (candidates being listed left-to-right for each voter in decreasing order of preference):
If C is chosen as the winner, it can be argued that B should win instead, since two voters (1 and 2) prefer B to C and only one voter (3) prefers C to B. However, by the same argument A is preferred to B, and C is preferred to A, by a margin of two to one on each occasion. Thus the society's preferences show cycling: A is preferred over B which is preferred over C which is preferred over A.
Cardinal ratings
Note that in the graphical example, the voters and candidates are not symmetrical, but the ranked voting system "flattens" their preferences into a symmetrical cycle. Cardinal voting systems provide more information than rankings, allowing a winner to be found. For instance, underscore voting, the ballots might be:
Candidate A gets the largest score, and is the winner, as A is the nearest to all voters. However, a majority of voters have an incentive to give A a 0 and C a 10, allowing C to beat A, which they prefer, at which point, a majority will then have an incentive to give C a 0 and B a 10, to make B win, etc. (In this particular example, though, the incentive is weak, as those who prefer C to A only score C 1 point above A; in a ranked Condorcet method, it's quite possible they would simply equally rank A and C because of how weak their preference is, in which case a Condorcet cycle wouldn't have formed in the first place, and I would've been the Condorcet winner). So though the cycle doesn't occur in any given set of votes, it can appear through iterated elections with strategic voters with cardinal ratings.
Necessary condition for the paradox
Suppose that x is the fraction of voters who prefer A over B and that y is the fraction of voters who prefer B over C. It has been shown that the fraction z of voters who prefer A over C is always at least (x + y – 1). Since the paradox (a majority preferring C over A) requires z < 1/2, a necessary condition for the paradox is that
Likelihood of the paradox
It is possible to estimate the probability of the paradox by extrapolating from real election data, or using mathematical models of voter behavior, though the results depend strongly on which model is used. In particular, Andranik Tangian has proved that the probability of Condorcet paradox is negligible in a large society.
Impartial culture model
We can calculate the probability of seeing the paradox for the special case where voter preferences are uniformly distributed among the candidates.
(This is the "impartial culture" model, which is known to be unrealistic, so, in practice, a Condorcet paradox may be more or less likely than this calculation.)
For voters providing a preference list of three candidates A, B, C, we write (resp. , ) the random variable equal to the number of voters who placed A in front of B (respectively B in front of C, C in front of A). The sought probability is (we double because there is also the symmetric case A> C> B> A). We show that, for odd , where which makes one need to know only the joint distribution of and .
If we put , we show the relation which makes it possible to compute this distribution by recurrence: .
The following results are then obtained:
The sequence seems to be tending towards a finite limit.
Using the central limit theorem, we show that tends to where is a variable following a Cauchy distribution, which gives (constant quoted in the OEIS).
The asymptotic probability of encountering the Condorcet paradox is therefore which gives the value 8.77%.
Some results for the case of more than three objects have been calculated.
The likelihood of a Condorcet cycle for related models approach these values for large electorates:
Impartial anonymous culture (IAC): 6.25%
Uniform culture (UC): 6.25%
Maximal culture condition (MC): 9.17%
All of these models are unrealistic, and are investigated to establish an upper bound on the likelihood of a cycle.
Group coherence models
When modeled with more realistic voter preferences, Condorcet paradoxes in elections with a small number of candidates and a large number of voters become very rare.
Spatial model
A study of three-candidate elections analyzed 12 different models of voter behavior, and found the spatial model of voting to be the most accurate to real-world ranked-ballot election data. Analyzing this spatial model, they found the likelihood of a cycle to decrease to zero as the number of voters increases, with likelihoods of 5% for 100 voters, 0.5% for 1000 voters, and 0.06% for 10,000 voters.
Empirical studies
Many attempts have been made at finding empirical examples of the paradox. Empirical identification of a Condorcet paradox presupposes extensive data on the decision-makers' preferences over all alternatives—something that is only very rarely available.
A summary of 37 individual studies, covering a total of 265 real-world elections, large and small, found 25 instances of a Condorcet paradox, for a total likelihood of 9.4% (and this may be a high estimate, since cases of the paradox are more likely to be reported on than cases without).
An analysis of 883 three-candidate elections extracted from 84 real-world ranked-ballot elections of the Electoral Reform Society found a Condorcet cycle likelihood of 0.7%. These derived elections had between 350 and 1,957 voters. A similar analysis of data from the 1970–2004 American National Election Studies thermometer scale surveys found a Condorcet cycle likelihood of 0.4%. These derived elections had between 759 and 2,521 "voters".
While examples of the paradox seem to occur occasionally in small settings (e.g., parliaments) very few examples have been found in larger groups (e.g. electorates), although some have been identified.
Implications
When a Condorcet method is used to determine an election, the voting paradox of cyclical societal preferences implies that the election has no Condorcet winner: no candidate who can win a one-on-one election against each other candidate. There will still be the smallest group of candidates, known as the Smith set, such that each candidate in the group can win a one-on-one election against each of the candidates outside the group. The several variants of the Condorcet method differ on how they resolve such ambiguities when they arise to determine a winner. The Condorcet methods which always elect someone from the Smith set when there is no Condorcet winner are known as Smith-efficient. Note that using only rankings, there is no fair and deterministic resolution to the trivial example given earlier because each candidate is in an exactly symmetrical situation.
Situations having the voting paradox can cause voting mechanisms to violate the axiom of independence of irrelevant alternatives—the choice of winner by a voting mechanism could be influenced by whether or not a losing candidate is available to be voted for.
Two-stage voting processes
One important implication of the possible existence of the voting paradox in a practical situation is that in a two-stage voting process, the eventual winner may depend on the way the two stages are structured. For example, suppose the winner of A versus B in the open primary contest for one party's leadership will then face the second party's leader, C, in the general election. In the earlier example, A would defeat B for the first party's nomination, and then would lose to C in the general election. But if B were in the second party instead of the first, B would defeat C for that party's nomination, and then would lose to A in the general election. Thus the structure of the two stages makes a difference for whether A or C is the ultimate winner.
Likewise, the structure of a sequence of votes in a legislature can be manipulated by the person arranging the votes, to ensure a preferred outcome.
See also
Arrow's impossibility theorem
Kenneth Arrow, Section with an example of a distributional difficulty of intransitivity + majority rule
Discursive dilemma
Gibbard–Satterthwaite theorem
Independence of irrelevant alternatives
Instant-runoff voting
Nakamura number
Quadratic voting
Rock paper scissors
Simpson's paradox
Smith set
References
Further reading
Decision-making paradoxes
Voting theory
Cyril Hardcastle (22 November 1919 – 13 July 1982) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward.
Career
Born in Halifax, Hardcastle played for Pateley Bridge and Bradford City.
For Bradford City they made 4 appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1919 births
1982 deaths
English footballers
Bradford City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Nine Mile Prairie Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 790.
Nine Mile Prairie Township was named for a long prairie located within its borders.
Geography
Nine Mile Prairie Township covers an area of while containing no incorporated towns, includes the unincorporated community of Williamsburg, plus rural homes. Within its boundaries are six cemeteries: Allen, Antipch, Gregory, Oak Grove, Tate and Whitehead; and the streams of Bragg Branch, Bull Branch and Clarks Branch run through this township.
History
Nine Mile Prairie Township, bordered by Montgomery County to the east, was created May 15, 1821 from what had been approximately the northern 2/3 of the much larger historic Auxvasse Township that covered all of eastern Callaway County in its early history. Around 1875, Nine Mile Prairie was reduced in the northwest by the creation of Jackson Township, followed by the creation of Calwood Township from its west central sector in 1876, and finally the loss of land to the new Shamrock Township between 1883 and 1897. The township revolves today primarily around the Williamsburg community.
Transportation
Nine Mile Prairie Township contains one airport or landing strip, Eckerts Airstrip.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Charles Anthony Mooney (January 5, 1879 – May 29, 1931) was a five-term U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Biography
Born in St. Marys, Auglaize County, Ohio, Mooney attended public and Jesuit schools. They were graduated from St. Marys High School in 1895 and then engaged in the local life insurance business. They moved to Cleveland, Ohio, in 1910 and continued the life insurance business.
Political career
They served as a member of the Ohio Senate from 1915 to 1919.
Mooney was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-sixth Congress (March 4, 1919 – March 3, 1921). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1920 to the Sixty-seventh Congress. They served as a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions in 1920, 1924, and 1928.
Mooney was elected to the Sixty-eighth and to the four succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1923.
Death
They died in Cleveland, Ohio, on May 29, 1931.
They were interred in Gethsemane Cemetery, St. Marys, Ohio.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
Sources
1879 births
1931 deaths
People from St. Mary's, Ohio
Politicians from Cleveland
Ohio state senators
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Louisville White Sox were a Negro league baseball team in the Western Independent Clubs in 1914 and 1915, based in Louisville, Kentucky. They played their home games at Spring Bank Park in 1914 and 1915 and at Eclipse Park in 1915.
They were of no connection to the later Louisville White Sox of the Negro National League.
References
Defunct baseball teams in Kentucky
Negro league baseball teams
Baseball teams established in 1914
Baseball teams disestablished in 1915
1914 establishments in Kentucky
1915 disestablishments in Kentucky
Professional baseball teams in Kentucky
Jung Mi-ran (born 20 March 1985) is a Korean former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1985 births
Living people
South Korean women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
The Union Pacific Athletic Club in Laramie, Wyoming, was built in 1928. Also known as Gray's Gables and as the Quadra Dangle Square Dance Clubhouse, it was built in log cabin style by Mads Justesen and Jack Haugum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
References
External links
Union Pacific Athletic Club (Gray's Gables) at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Buildings and structures completed in 1928
Buildings and structures in Laramie, Wyoming
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Men's club buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Albany County, Wyoming
Frank Henry Waters (2 December 1908 –18 October 1954) was a Scottish rugby union player.
They were capped seven times between 1930 and 1932 for . They also played for Cambridge University RFC and London Scottish FC.
They were the son of Joseph Waters, who was also capped for Scotland.
They married actor Joan Maude in 1933, and they were together until their death in 1954.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1908 births
1954 deaths
Cambridge University R.U.F.C. players
London Scottish F.C. players
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Most railways in Europe use the standard gauge of . Some countries use broad gauge, of which there are three types. Narrow gauges are also in use.
Broad gauge
Russian gauge
: former Soviet Union states
: Finland
(The difference is within tolerance limits, so it is possible to exchange trains between 1520 mm and 1524 mm networks without changes to the wheelsets.)
Irish gauge
: Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland
Iberian gauge
: Portugal and Spain
Narrow gauge
High-speed rail
Apart from Russia and Finland, all high-speed rail in Europe uses standard-gauge () tracks.
See also
Rail gauge in North America
Rail gauge in South America
Rail gauge in Australia
References
Rail transport in Europe
The 2022 IIHF Women's World Championship Division II were two international ice hockey tournaments organised by the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF).
The Group A tournament was played in Jaca, Spain, from 3 to 8 April 2022 and the Group B tournament in Zagreb, Croatia, from 17 to 22 May 2022.
Entering the competition, there were no divisional changes, as the 2021 event was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Great Britain won the Group A tournament and was promoted, while Mexico was relegated. Iceland won Group B and Croatia finished last.
Group A tournament
Participants
Match officials
Three referees and five linesmen were selected for the tournament.
Standings
Results
All times are local (UTC+2)
Statistics
Scoring leaders
List shows the top skaters sorted by points, then goals.
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalties in Minutes; POS = Position
Source: IIHF.com
Goaltending leaders
Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes, are included in this list.
TOI = time on ice (minutes:seconds); SA = shots against; GA = goals against; GAA = goals against average; Sv% = save percentage; SO = shutouts
Source: IIHF.com
Awards
Group B tournament
After several teams withdrew from the tournament, the IIHF changed the date from March to mid-May and all six teams are eligible to participate.
Participants
Match officials
Three referees and five linesmen were selected for the tournament.
Standings
Results
All times are local (UTC+2)
Statistics
Scoring leaders
List shows the top skaters sorted by points, then goals.
GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/− = Plus/Minus; PIM = Penalties in Minutes; POS = Position
Source: IIHF.com
Goaltending leaders
Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes, are included in this list.
TOI = time on ice (minutes:seconds); SA = shots against; GA = goals against; GAA = goals against average; Sv% = save percentage; SO = shutouts
Source: IIHF.com
Awards
References
External links
Official website of IIHF
2022
Division II
2022 IIHF Women's World Championship Division II
2022 IIHF Women's World Championship Division II
IIHF
IIHF
Sport in Aragon
Sports competitions in Zagreb
IIHF
IIHF
LVHS may refer to:
Lago Vista High School, Lago Vista, Texas
Lake View High School (Chicago), Illinois, United States
Lea Valley High School, Enfield, London, England
Lenape Valley Regional High School, Stanhope, New Jersey, United States
Loudoun Valley High School, Purcellville, Virginia, United States
Lander Valley High School, Lander, Wyoming, United States
The Author is a comedy play by the British playwright Samuel Foote. It premiered on the 5th of February, 1757, and was first published in that same year. In it, the impoverished poet, Cape, attempts to impress Arabella's brother Cadwallader in order to get their consent to marry them
Plot Summary
Act One
Robin reports to Governor Cape that their deception to make the Governor's son think their father dead has succeeded, and the young man took the news solemnly. The Governor is preparing to test whether their son is worthy of their inheritance. They prepare to go see Young Cape, who is toiling in a print shop and trying to get rid of the Printer's Devil. The Devil pays them and leaves, and a Poet enters, looking for work. Cape shuts them out, bemoaning the poverty of poets, and their friend Sprightly arrives. Sprightly has invited Mr. Cadwallader, the brother of Cape's love, Arabella, to come meet them later. Mr. Vamp, the bookseller for whom Cape works, arrives, and Cape pretends that Sprightly is a sermon-writer. Vamp requests some pamphlets of Sprightly's being published. Arabella, along with Mr. and Mrs. Cadwallader arrive, and Cape pretends to be absorbed in writing, to impress them. Cadwallader asks Sprightly to invite them to the next dinner they have with an important person. Arabella warns Cape that their brother will have a hard time overlooking their poverty and obscure birth, and advises them to charm their wife, as a more certain way of gaining their favours. Mr. and Mrs. Cadwallader consult Cape on which school they should send their son to, Mr. Cadwallader saying that school is a very useful place to make acquaintances that might be useful in later life. Cape sides with Mrs. Cadwallader, and the couple invites them to dinner later that day. They leave, and the Governor (in disguise) arrives with Robin, who tries to hire Cape to write a letter praising the Governor—Cape refuses, saying that they can't since they aren't acquainted with the gentleman well enough. Sprightly has devised a plan to get Cadwallader out of the way for the evening, and when they return they invite Cadwallader to dine with them and Robin, who they pretend to be “Prince Potowowski of the Tartarians”, with the Governor as their Interpreter.
Act Two
Mrs. Cadwallader is beating Cape at cards, and they suggest a game of Questions. Things escalate when the first question is “do you love me?”, and Mrs. Cadwallader misinterprets their playing along with them as Cape genuinely flirting. Arabella interrupts, and Mrs. Cadwallader goes to hide and observe the two. Arabella is affronted to have discovered Cape seemingly courting their sister-in-law when they said they loved her, which they reassure them of, which causes Mrs. Cadwallader to reveal herself. Mr. Cadwallader, along with Sprightly and the supposed foreigners, arrive, and Mrs. Cadwallader denounces Cape's impropriety to their husband. At length, they tell them the story, and Cadwallader becomes furious with Cape for making love to Arabella. They scoff at the notion that they would ever consent to mix the pedigreed blood of the Cadwalladers with the lowness of Cape's poet origins. Then, the Governor speaks up, claiming Cape as their son, rebuking Cadwallader, and saying how proud they are to find Cape worthy of their inheritance.
References
1757 plays
Plays by Samuel Foote
Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder is a continuum of permanent birth defects caused by maternal consumption of alcohol during pregnancy.
FASD may also refer to:
Franklin Area School District, a school system located in Franklin, Pennsylvania
Freeport Area School District, a Pennsylvania school system
Duke of San Miguel () is a hereditary title in the peerage of Spain, accompanied by the dignity of Grandee and granted in 1625 by Philip IV to Juan Gravina y Cruyllas, viceroy of Sicily.
The title became vacant for more than 200 years until Francisco Franco rehabilitated it in 1956 on behalf of Juan Castillejo y Ussía, 6th Count of Floridablanca and a descendant of the 2nd duke.
Federico Gravina, the Spanish admiral during the Battle of Trafalgar, was a son of the 1st Duke of San Miguel.
Disambiguation
In 1855 Isabella II granted a dukedom with the same name to Evaristo Fernández de San Miguel, Captain general of the Army, with no relation to the present dukedom. Because the original Dukedom of San Miguel had been granted in the Kingdom of Sicily, it was not registered under Spain's peerage.
Dukes of San Miguel (1625)
Juan Gravina y Cruilles, 1st Duke of San Miguel
Juan Gravina y Requesens, 2nd Duke of San Miguel
Dukes of San Miguel (1956)
Juan Castillejo y Ussía, 3rd Duke of San Miguel
Juan Bautista Castillejo y Oriol, 4th Duke of San Miguel
See also
List of dukes in the peerage of Spain
List of current Grandees of Spain
References
Bibliography
Dukedoms of Spain
Grandees of Spain
Lists of dukes
Lists of Spanish nobility
H Block is an album recorded by various Irish folk artists, and produced by Christy Moore in 1978.
The album's title refers to the "H blocks" at Maze Prison (also known as "Long Kesh") in Northern Ireland, where Irish republican prisoners were held during the Troubles. The subject matter of several of these songs (particularly Moore's "90 Miles From Dublin") specifically centers on the period of the blanket and dirty protests at Maze and at Armagh Women's Prison. The launch of the album was raided by the Special Detective Unit ("Special Branch") of the Republic of Ireland.
Track listing
"Rights of Man" (Traditional) - Matt Molloy
"Guest of the Queen" (Brian Ua Baoill) - Stephen Ray
"On The Blanket" (Mick Hanly) - Mick Hanly
"H. Block Song" (Francie Brolly) - Francie Brolly
"Repeal the Union" (Traditional) - Matt Molloy
"Bright Star" - Stephen Ray
"Patrick's Arrival"
"Taimse I Mo Chodladh" (Traditional) - Dan Dowd
"90 Miles from Dublin" (Christy Moore) - Christy Moore
"A Retort" - Stephen Ray
"Lucy Campbell/Patsy Tuohy" (Traditional) - Noel Hill and Tony Linnane
Personnel
Christy Moore – vocals, guitar, bouzouki, bodhrán
Declan Sinnott - guitar
Dónal Lunny - bouzouki, guitar
Dan O'Dowd - uilleann pipes on "Taimse I Mo Chodladh"
Noel Hill - concertina on "Lucy Campbell/Patsy Tuohy"
Tony Linnane - fiddle on "Lucy Campbell/Patsy Tuohy"
Matt Molloy - flute on "Rights of Man" and "Repeal the Union"
References
External links
Christy Moore's description from their official website
Album information
Christy Moore albums
1978 albums
Political music albums
Day26 is an American male R&B music group formed in August 2007 by Sean "Diddy" Combs in a handpicked selection at the end of MTV's Making the Band 4. The group consists of Robert Curry, Brian Angel, Willie Taylor, Qwanell Mosley and Michael McCluney. The moniker is a tribute to the day when Angel, McCluney, Mosely, Curry, and Taylor went from unknowns to stars. The group released their first album, Day26, on March 25, 2008, one week after their then labelmates and Making the Band 3 winners Danity Kane released Welcome to the Dollhouse. The album's first single, "Got Me Going", was released on the finale of Making the Band 4. The album went on to debut at number one on the billboard charts. Subsequent seasons of Making the Band 4 featured the group on tour and making their second album Forever in a Day which also topped the Billboard charts.
Career
Making the Band 4 returned to MTV for another season and followed Day26, Danity Kane and Donnie Klang on the Making The Band tour. Season 3, Part 2 of Making The Band 4 debuted on February 12, 2009. The season followed Day26 as they recorded their second album, Forever in a Day, which was released April 14, 2009.
2007–2008: Formation of group and Day26
Day26 was founded on the Making the Band 4 Season 1 finale on August 26, 2007. Brian Andrews, Michael McCluney, Qwanell Mosley, Robert Curry, and Willie Taylor were chosen to be a part of Diddy's brand new all-male R&B music group, while fellow cast member Donnie Klang was chosen as a solo artist for Bad Boy Records. The name Day 26 was selected from the day that they were picked which was August 26, 2007.
After being signed as a group to Bad Boy, Day 26 began another season of Making the Band with label mates Danity Kane and Donnie Klang. Upon this season, Day 26's debut single "Got Me Going" was released to download in January 2008. "Got Me Going" eventually peaked at #79 on the Billboard Hot 100. Day 26 later released their self-titled album Day26 on March 25, 2008. The next week, the album debuted at #1 on Billboard 200 selling 190,000 copies. This is the third feat. at #1 for Bad Boy winners. Album production includes Mario Winans, Danja, Bryan-Michael Cox, The Runners, and upon many others. The second single "Since You've Been Gone" was released on June 9, 2008. The song failed to reach Billboard Hot 100, but peaked at #52 on Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. A third single was planned, but was scrapped due to low album sales, and production on their next album. Overall, the album sold 387,000 copies.
On August 19, 2008, Day26 returned with another season of Making the Band. This season involved in Making the Band 4 - The Tour, which resolved to the break-up of Danity Kane.
2009–2011: Forever In A Day and new lineup
Making the Band 4 returned to MTV for another season and followed Day26, Danity Kane and Donnie Klang on the Making The Band tour. Season 3, Part 2 of Making The Band 4 debuted on February 12, 2009.
MTV aired part II of the final season of Making The Band 4. The season followed Day26 as they recorded their second album, Forever in a Day, which was released April 14, 2009. It also featured past Danity Kane members Dawn Richard and Aundrea Fimbres trying to move forward with their group.
During the season, Que had multiple disagreements with Screwface, the group's new manager, and multiple members of the group.
In December 2009, after differences with their new management team, especially their manager Screwface, Que parted ways with the group.
Que has made several videos talking about the split. On their UStream, they read an excerpt of the letter they received announcing them that they were dropped from the group.
Dear Qwanell,
I have been instructed by the members of Day26 copied here to formally advise you that the group members no longer desire to work with you. The members request that no longer you nor any of our representatives contact on behalf or concerning Day26. You may have your attorneys, also copied here, direct any inquiries to my attention.
Brian, Willie, Robert and Michael wish you the best in your future endeavors
Que appeared in the Imma Put It on Them music video and subsequent music videos for the album.
2011–2012: A New Day and break-up
In November 2011, the group released the single Made Love Lately. The music video was released in January 2012. They also announced that they were working on a new album to be titled A New Day.
On July 16, 2012, news hit the media that Day26 had officially announced their breakup and plans to continue on with their solo careers.
It is with great sadness and deep pain that we regret to inform you that effective immediately, Atlantic Records Platinum recording group, DAY26 have decided to take a break from the group and focus on their own individual projects. On behalf of all the members; Willie, Mike, Rob, Brian and even Que, we would like to thank all of the “fams” aka fans, dj's across the world, promoters, radio programmers, Bad Boy Entertainment, Starstruck Management, BET, VH1 and FUSE and all DAY26 supporters in general, for your unending support throughout these years.
We would also like to acknowledge that this journey would have not been made possible without the vision and mastermind of Sean “Diddy” Combs and of course MTV Networks for making a group of unknown men, the stars that they are today.
We simply thank you from the bottom of our hearts and really want you to know that the journey does not end here. We continue to wish each other the very best and continued success in all of our individual endeavors, and all we ask of you is to please give each member a chance and the opportunity to shine in whatever they do.
... And as the saying goes, this is not a goodbye, but a simple see you later.
God bless you all,
Much Love, Day26.
2013–18: Reunion and The Return Tour
On Thursday November 21, 2013, fans received word through Twitter from several group members that the group would reunite and be planning a tour for the next year. Several videos have hit the web showing the group recording material for an upcoming new album. The group planned to release the album before the tour kicked off and in doing so, signed with BMG Rights Management. On May 26, 2014, Day26 releases their first single called "Bullshit" off their upcoming EP entitled "The Return", that was set to release on June 26, 2014.
In Spring 2017, all members of Day26 announced over social media they would hold a "10-Year Anniversary Experience" concert that would take place at the Highline Ballroom in New York City on August 26, to commemorate the day they were formed in 2007. Due to the venue being sold out and overwhelming fans demanding more tickets, the band decided add an encore concert for August 27. Joining the concerts' roster of performances is the bands' fellow reality show Making The Band 4/label mate Donnie Klang, who will also celebrate their 10-year solo reunion of the day they were chosen by P. Diddy, which kick-started their careers.
In a recent interview with radio personality Sway on their radio show, Sways Universe, Willie announced that the group was recording their third studio album, while also discussing what fame has done for the group in their 10-year run as well as opening up about the controversy with Diddy not allowing the band to appear in the Bad Boy Family Reunion Tour.
On June 29, 2018 Brian Angel leaves Day 26. The singer announced their departure via an Instagram post. "To all the Day26 fans. It saddens me to announce that i am no longer part of Day 26 no there are no problems amongst us, no anger or anything to that nature. this was a decision that i made solely myself. as you guys know we just recently celebrated our 10th year anniversary. they are currently on tour. and yes I've been absent from the tour dealing with a lot of personal issues. i wish the guys of Day 26 nothing but the best(of course im forever Day 26 its tattooed in my skin) but this is a chapter in my life i must close. I am focused on Brian Angel and all my solo endeavors. I look forward to all your future support... God Bless You All"
2022–present: 15th anniversary, Brian's return and The Millennium Tour: Turned Up!
On July 19, 2022, all members of Day26 announced the group's fifteenth anniversary on their social medias, which coincided the return of Brian Angel. Following the announcement, Day26 was added to The Millennium Tour: Turned Up! with other artists.
Pre-Day26 Careers
Respectively, two of the band members were seasoned artists prior to auditioning for the series "Making the Band". Their developing careers would eventually lead them to their path of success.
Robert Curry
Robert was part of a vocal/hip hop teen duo from Detroit in the late 1990s called "Antuan & Ray Ray" which had 3 song collaborations and features on New Edition/BBD member Mike Bivins record label BIV 10 "The Adventures of the BIV 10 Pee Wee All Stars" Album. Robert performed under the stage name 'Antuan', and their other half of the group 'Ray Ray' is Rashad Morgan who went on to become an R&B artist on Rapper T.I. Grand Hustle Records. Their best known song and video from the album was "Feelin It", which was also part of the animated film "Our Friend, Martin" soundtrack. Another well received track on the album the duo recorded was "The Rain", a remake cover version of the 1974 classic song "Remember The Rain" by The 21st Century. After their contribution with BIV 10, Curry became a songwriter, contributing lyrics for many artists of the industry.
Willie Taylor
Willie was formerly part of an R&B vocal group from their hometown of Chicago called "Kwiet Storm" in the late 1990s. Their band released a music video "Leave Me Alone", which circulated on BET music video playlists and shows including 106 & Park. Taylor left the band after a few years later to begin a solo career and become a songwriter for many artists such as Jagged Edge and Ginuwine.The group Kwiet Storm would eventually sign with Island Def Jam a few years after Willie became part of Day 26.
Post-Day26 Solo Careers
Music
During the hiatus split of Day26 and after reuniting, each member embarked on their independent solo projects along with other endeavors they pursued:
Each member released various singles that is not associated with the Mixtapes/EPs, and they also appeared as features on many artists projects.
Television/Film & Theater
Willie Taylor is most known for displaying their relationship with their wife for the 2nd and 3rd season of the VH1's popular reality show Love & Hip Hop Hollywood. They also co-starred in the Chocolate City films: Chocolate City:Vegas Strip and an upcoming 3rd part Chocolate City: Live Tour. Will joined the off-off Broadway circuit appearing in David E. Talbert's stage play "A Fool and Their Money" in 2012.  They are currently starring alongside R&B Diva Monifah in the urban stage play "Man of the House" in October 2017. They also appear in a few independent films that was previously released and is starring in some upcoming projects as well.
Robert Curry made a guest appearance in an Atlanta urban stage play "Let It Burn" in 2016, and starred in the 2017 stage play "I Cheated, So What!" alongside American Idol Winner Fantasia Barrino brother Ricco Barrino. Christopher Williams & Jessica Reedy.
Mike McCluney is appearing in the upcoming film "Conumdrum: Secrets Among Friends" which stars Cameron Bright, Kristina DeBarge & Jo Marie Payton.
Discography
Studio albums
Day26 (2008)
Forever In A Day (2009)
The Return (2014)
A New Day (2018)
Awards and nominations
American Music Awards
2009, Favorite R&B/Hip-Hop Band Duo or Group (Nominated)
BET Awards
2009, Best Group (Won)
2008, Best Group (Nominated)
Image Awards
2010, Outstanding Duo or Group (Nominated)
Teen Choice Awards
2008, Choice Breakout Group (Nominated)
Online Hip Hop Awards
2008, Digital Download of the Year (R&B) for "Got Me Going" (Won)
Urban Music Awards
2009, Best Music Video: Imma Put It On Them (Nominated)
2009, Best Male Act (Nominated)
References
External links
Official site
Day26 Interview
Day26 sex talk Interview
African-American musical groups
American contemporary R&B musical groups
Atlantic Records artists
Bad Boy Records artists
American boy bands
Living people
Musical quartets
Warner Music Group artists
Musical groups established in 2007
Musical groups disestablished in 2012
Musical groups reestablished in 2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sebastián Ezequiel Soto (born 14 June 1991) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for San Miguel.
Soto is due to join Defensores de Belgrano on 3 July 2019, having agreed a move on 30 May.
Career
Soto had youth spells with Chacarita Juniors, Justo José de Urquiza, Argentinos Juniors and Excursionistas. They made eight appearances for the latter in Primera C Metropolitana from 2009, which preceded a further eighty-eight arriving across the following three seasons. In 2013, Soto agreed to join Primera D Metropolitana's Deportivo Riestra. Fourteen goals came in forty-seven fixtures in their opening two campaigns as the club rose from tier five to Primera B Metropolitana for 2015. They netted against Platense, Deportivo Morón, Atlanta, Colegiales and Talleres across two years at that level. They won 2016–17 promotion to Primera B Nacional.
On 30 May 2019, after a season back in tier three with Deportivo Riestra, Soto agreed a move away for 2019–20 after penning terms with Defensores de Belgrano of Primera B Nacional.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Vicente López Partido
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Primera C Metropolitana players
Primera D Metropolitana players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Primera Nacional players
Chacarita Juniors footballers
Asociación Social y Deportiva Justo José de Urquiza players
Argentinos Juniors footballers
CA Excursionistas players
Deportivo Riestra players
Defensores de Belgrano footballers
Club Atlético San Miguel footballers
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Paddy McAllister (born 20 July 1989) was an Irish rugby union player who played prop for Connacht.
Paddy was a loose-head prop who joined the Ulster squad on a development contract at the start of the 2010-11 season after impressing in club rugby with Ballynahinch. They went on to make 22 appearances in that season, including 10 starts. They have appeared in Heineken Cup, Pro12, and Celtic League games since 2010.
They left Ulster in 2014, to join French club Aurillac in the Pro D2 during the 2014-15 season. On 29 January 2015, McAllister moved to England to join Gloucester in the Aviva Premiership from the 2015-16 season.
McAllister is a devout Christian.
On 15 January 2019, it was announced that McAllister had signed for Connacht at the beginning of the 2019–20 season.
McAllister announced their retirement from professional rugby 11th June 2021 for family reasons. They will play next season for AIL club Belfast Harlequins.
References
External links
Gloucester Rugby Profile
Ulster Profile
1989 births
Living people
Irish rugby union players
Ulster Rugby players
Gloucester Rugby players
Connacht Rugby players
Sportspeople from Lisburn
Rugby union props
Stade Aurillacois Cantal Auvergne players
Cocumscussoc is a brook and surrounding region in what is now Wickford, Rhode Island. The Cocumscussoc Brook flows into Mill Cove off of Wickford Harbor. In the 1630s-1640s Roger Williams started a trading post with the Narragansetts likely northeast of the brook and harbor which was an ideal location because this was near the shore where the Narragansetts created wampum which was traded as currency for other goods. The exact location of Williams' trading post has not been located. Adjacent to the site of Williams' trading post in Cocumscussoc was Smith's Castle (1678), which was also originally a fortified house and trading post of Richard Smith. Female sachem Quaiapen lived near Cocumscussoc and was associated with nearby Queen's Fort after inheriting their husband's lands in 1657. Eventually most of Cocumscussoc was used for agriculture with the last dairy farm closing in 1948. The creation of a railroad in the 1800s and the expansion of Route 1 greatly altered the course of Cocumscussoc Brook. Today Cocumscussoc State Park preserves much of the land surrounding Cocumscussoc Brook.
References
Rivers of Washington County, Rhode Island
Rivers of Rhode Island
Inbred means produced by inbreeding.
It may also refer to:
Inbred, an insult
The Inbreds, a rock band
Inbred (film), a horror film
Inbred Mountain, an album by Buckethead
The following list is a discography of productions by Harry Fraud, an American record producer and recording artist from New York City, New York. It includes a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by year, artist, album and title.
2009
French Montana - The Laundry Man
12. "Why So Serious"
French Montana - Mac Wit Da Cheese
04. "New York Minute" (featuring Jadakiss)
2010
French Montana - Mac & Cheese 2
04. "Daydreaming (Go Hard)"
06. "Money Money Money" (featuring Cheeze)
08. "So High" (featuring Currensy)
11. "New York Minute (Remix)" (featuring Chinx Drugz, Nicki Minaj, Ma$e and Jadakiss)
French Montana - Coke Boys
04. "Dope Man"
05. "Lie To Me" (featuring Chinx Drugz and Flip)
11. "Crack da Top" (featuring Cheeze)
13. "Belong to Me" (featuring Cheeze)
14. "We Run NY" (featuring Fat Joe)
15. "Goin' In For The Kill" (featuring Chinx Drugz and Cheeze)
16. "Hammer Long" (featuring Chinx Drugz, Cheeze and Brock)
2011
French Montana - Mister 16: Casino Life
01. "Intro"
04. "Ready"
11. "Coke Boyz (Middle Fingers Up)" (featuring Chinx Drugz, Flip and Charlie YG)
13. "I Think I Luv Her"
16. "Soul Food"
18. "Shot Caller"
20. "Movie"
French Montana - Coke Boys 2
01. "Ya Mean" (featuring Uncle Murda)
03. "Its Just Me" (featuring Cheeze, Chinx Drugz and Flip)
07. "Stylin On You" (featuring Chinx Drugz and Flip)
08. "Red Light" (featuring Chinx Drugz and Cheeze)
09. "Cocaine Mafia" (featuring Trae tha Truth)
11. "Roll With Me" (featuring Chinx Drugz)
13. "The Rush" (featuring S.A.S.)
18. "Tell Me When" (featuring Cheeze and Charlie Rock)
Juicy J - Blue Dream & Lean
22. "Stoner's Night 2" (featuring Wiz Khalifa)
French Montana, Juicy J, and Project Pat - Cocaine Mafia
04. "Do It"
16. "Full Of Everything" (featuring Chinx Drugz)
2012
Wiz Khalifa - Taylor Allderdice
17. "Blindfolds" (featuring Juicy J)
Fat Trel - Nightmare on E St.
05. "Deep in the Game" (featuring Rick Ross)
French Montana - Coke Boys 3
17. "Cool Whip" (performed by Charlie Rock and Cheeze)
18. "Tap That" (performed by French Montana and Chinx Drugz featuring Stack Bundles)
Chevy Woods - Gang Land
20. "Delonte West"
Maybach Music Group - Self Made Vol. 2
08. "The Zenith"
Meyhem Lauren - Respect the Fly Shit
01. "Fingerless Driving Gloves" (produced with Tommy Mas)
02. "Drug Lords" (featuring AG da Coroner and Action Bronson)
05. "Special Effects" (featuring Heems and Action Bronson)
06. "BBQ Brisket" (featuring Action Bronson and AG da Coroner)
07. "Grown Man Palettes" (featuring Sean Price)
09. "Juevos Rancheros" (feat. AG da Coroner, Heems and Riff Raff)
10. "Radioactive Tuna" (featuring Smoke DZA, J-Love and Thirstin Howl III)
Smoke DZA - K.O.N.Y.
04. "Butta Rice"
Currensy - Priest Andretti
09. "Payroll" (featuring Young Roddy)
Shabaam Sahdeeq - Degrees of Separation
09. "Futuristic" (featuring Eddie B)
Mr. Muthafuckin' eXquire - Power & Passion
02. "Cheap Whores & Champagne"
French Montana - Mac & Cheese 3
01. "Only If for a Night (Intro)"
09. "State of Mind"
13. "Triple Double" (featuring Mac Miller and Currensy)
20. "Mean" (featuring Action Bronson)
2013
Casey Veggies - Life Changes
11. "I Love Me Some You"
Pusha T - Wrath of Caine
05. "Road Runner" (featuring Troy Ave)
Chinx Drugz - Cocaine Riot 3
13. "How Can I Lose"
Talib Kweli - Prisoner of Conscious
13. "Upper Echelon"
Currensy and Young Roddy - Bales
01. "Bales"
05. "The War on Drugs"
06. "100 Spokes"
08. "AD4"
The Weeknd - Kiss Land
01. "Professional" (produced with DannyBoyStyles, The Weeknd, and DaHeala)
Flatbush Zombies - BetterOffDEAD
11. "LiveFromHell"
LoLa Monroe - Lipstick & Pistols
06. "Money on Dey Head" (featuring Juicy J)
Troy Ave - New York City: The Album
10. "Piggy Bank"
Chris Webby - Homegrown
05. "Left Lane"
2014
French Montana - Coke Boys 4
05. "88 Coupes" (featuring Jadakiss)
08. "God Body" (featuring Chinx Drugz)
Awkword - World View
03. "Bars & Hooks" (featuring Sean Price, The Kid Daytona and The Incomparable Shakespeare)
05. "The People's Champions" (featuring Shabaam Sahdeeq, Punchline and Beretta 9 of Killarmy)
Smoke DZA - Dream. Zone. Achieve
10. "I Don't Know" (featuring Kobe)
12. "Legends In The Making (Ashtray Pt. 2)" (featuring Wiz Khalifa and Currensy)
N.O.R.E. - Noreaster
07. "Cowboys and Indians"
Shabaam Sahdeeq - Keepers Of The Lost Art
08. "Tranquilo"
Styles P - Phantom and the Ghost
10. "For the Best"
Riff Raff - Neon Icon
06. "Lava Glaciers" (featuring Childish Gambino)
B-Real and Berner - Prohibition
07. "Smokers"
French Montana - Mac & Cheese: The Appetizer
01. "Haaan (Max B Speaks)"
02. "Poison" (produced with Adrian Lau & The MeKanics)
03. "How You Want It"
04. "Dontchu"
05. "Sweetest Thing"
06. "Let You Know"
07. "Playing In The Wind II"
Rich the Kid - Rich Than Famous
01. "Rich Than Famous" (Intro)"
2015
Currensy - Pilot Talk III
04. "Froze" (featuring Riff Raff)
Nacho Picasso - Blunt Raps 2
10. "In The Trump"
13. "Virtue of Ignorance (Outro)"
Rich the Kid - Flexxin on Purpose
01. "Master P (Intro)"
02. "Expensive"
Kool A.D. - O.K.
29. "Shotcaller Freestyle"
40. "Jackson Pollock" (feat. Maffew Ragazino)
Wiki - Lil Me
12. "Sunday School Dropout" (featuring Hak)
2016
French Montana - Wave Gods
01. "Wave Gods (Intro)" (featuring Chris Brown) (produced with The Mekanics and AK47)
Rich the Kid - Trap Talk
12. "Outro"
Meyhem Lauren - Piatto D'oro
05. "Bonus Round" (featuring Action Bronson, Roc Marciano, and Big Body Bes)
Casey Veggies - Customized Greatly Vol. 4: The Return of The Boy
11. "Perfect Timing"
Taylor Gang - TGOD, Volume 1
17. "The Man"
French Montana - MC4
02. "Play Yaself"
10. "Brick Road"
14. "Chinx & Max / Paid For" (featuring Max B and Chinx) (Part 2 produced with The Alchemist and Masar)
Currensy - 12/30
11. "Above the Law" (featuring Smoke DZA)
2017
Playboi Carti - Playboi Carti
01. "Location"
French Montana - Jungle Rules
04. "A Lie" (featuring The Weeknd and Max B) (produced with DaHeala, DannyBoyStyles, and Masar)
07. "Bring Dem Things" (featuring Pharrell) (produced with Pharrell)
ASAP Twelvyy - 12
08. "Yea Yea Yea (Maps)"
Sean Price - Imperius Rex
09. "The 3 Lyrical Ps" (featuring Prodigy and Styles P)
Dave East - Paranoia: A True Story
08. "Maneuver" (featuring French Montana)
Action Bronson - Blue Chips 7000
03. "The Chairman's Intent"
05. "Bonzai"
09. "Let Me Breathe"
10. "9-24-7000" (featuring Rick Ross)
Smokepurpp - Deadstar
13. "Count Up" (featuring DRAM)
Nacho Picasso - AntiHero Vol. 2
02. "Queen of the Damned"
03. "Temperature" (featuring ManManSavage) (produced with SAT)
04. "Anything" (produced with Adrian Lau)
05. "Night" (featuring Mistah F.A.B. and Kobe)
07. "Panama Red" (featuring Smoke DZA)
09. "Somehow" (featuring Raz Simone)
Hopsin - No Shame
08. "Black Sheep" (featuring Eric Tucker)
2018
Nacho Picasso - Role Model
01. "Role Model"
03. "Ha Ha"
05. "Want It All" (featuring Riff Raff"
07. "The Saddest"
Rich the Kid - The World Is Yours
07. "Made It" (featuring Jay Critch and Rick Ross)
Westside Gunn - Supreme Blientele
12. "Spanish Jesus" (featuring Crimeapple)
17. "AA Outro" (featuring AA Rashid)
Shy Glizzy - Fully Loaded
01. "Gimme a Hit"
Action Bronson - White Bronco
01. "Dr. Kimble"
10. "Ring Ring" (featuring Big Body Bes)
11. "Swerve on Em" (featuring ASAP Rocky)
Jay Critch - Hood Favorite
06. "Try It" (featuring French Montana and Fabolous)
Warhol.ss - Chest Pains
03. "Harry Cash"
2019
Wiz Khalifa and Currensy - 2009
14. "Forever Ball"
Wiz Khalifa - Fly Times Vol. 1: The Good Fly Young
08. "Yea Yup" (featuring Young Deji)
Rico Nasty - Anger Management
06. "Relative" (produced with Kenny Beats)
French Montana - Montana
01. "Montana" (produced with Prince 85 and French Montana)
02. "Suicide Doors" (featuring Gunna)
06. "Salam Alaykum" (produced with Mixx and French Montana)
08. "Say Goodbye" (featuring Belly) (produced with Scorp Dezel, Mally Mall, and French Montana)
09. "Coke Wave Boys" (featuring Chinx and Max B) (produced with Tony Seltzer)
18. "Saucy"
2020
Jay Worthy - Two4one
07. "Uncle Brad" (featuring Elcamino)
08. "Backpage Freestyle" (featuring Grafh and Daytona)
Wiz Khalifa - Big Pimpin''' ===
09. "Top Down"
10. "Good Time" (featuring Young Deji)
12. "No Time"
17. "Player Shit" (featuring Young Deji)
=== Action Bronson - Only for Dolphins ===
02. "C12H16N2"
11. "Marcus Aurelius"
12. "Hard Target" (produced with Yung Mehico)
=== Jack Harlow - Thats What They All Say ===
07. "Keep It Light"
== 2021 ==
=== Wifisfuneral - Smoking Mirrors ===
06. "ScratchUrBack"
=== Rick Hyde - Plates II ===
14. "Enrique" (featuring Meyhem Lauren)
=== French Montana - They Got Amnesia''
12. "Tonight Only"
References
Discographies of American artists
Production discographies
Hip hop discographies
Rahinnane Castle is a tower house and National Monument located in County Kerry, Ireland.
Location
Rahinnane Castle is located northwest of Ventry, in the west of the Dingle Peninsula.
History
The ringfort on the site was built in the 7th or 8th century AD. The Irish name was originally Rath Fhionnáin — Finan's ringfort.
Local tradition once claimed that this piece of land was the last in Ireland held by the Vikings, as it was so easily defended.
The stone tower house was built in the 15th or 16th century by the FitzGeralds, hereditary Knights of Kerry.
In 1602, towards the end of the Nine Years' War, the castle was taken by Sir Charles Wilmot. It was ruined during the Cromwellian conquest (1649–53).
Building
The ancient earthwork featured a deep ditch, an entrance in the southwest and a souterrain in the southeast.
The castle was rectangular and three storeys tall. Most of the outer walls remain; on the inside there is some mural stairway, traces of vaulting and a blind arcade. Two corner turrets are also visible.
More than half the outer walls of the three-storey castle remain.
References
National Monuments in County Kerry
Castles in County Kerry
The Ministry of Justice of Ethiopia has the authority of federal prosecution and had possessed executive and judicial powers. The ministry was a part of the federal branch of the government, and prosecuted cases that fell within the federal jurisdiction. In 1995, the responsibility for the federal police force and prisons was transferred to the Ministry of Justice after the Ministry of Internal Affairs was abolished. In 2017, it was announced that the Ministry of Justice's affairs would be transitioned into the Federal Attorney General's Office.
Creation and legal basis
According to Article 16 of Proclamation 691/2010, the Ministry of Justice had the following powers:
Is chief advisor to the Federal Government on matters of law; Represents the Federal Government in criminal cases falling under the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts; withdraw criminal charges for good causes; follow up the execution of decisions of the courts
Orders the conduct of investigation where it believes that a crime the adjudication of which falls under the jurisdiction of the federal courts has been committed; orders the discontinuance of an investigation or instructs further investigation on good cause; withdraw criminal charges in accordance with the law;
Undertakes legal reform studies; carry out codification and consolidation of federal laws, collect Regional State laws and consolidate as necessary
Assist in the preparation of draft laws when so requested by federal organs and regional states;
Undertake or order the conduct of investigation where it believes that a crime the adjudication of which falls under the jurisdiction of the federal courts has been committed; direct and supervise the process of the investigation; allow plea bargain; upon the existence of good cause, decide on the discontinuance of an investigation or the carrying out of additional investigation;
Studies the causes of and the methods of crime prevention; devise ways and means of crime prevention; coordinate the relevant government organs in crime prevention;
Ensure that witnesses to a criminal case are accorded protection, as necessary;
Assists victims of crimes or violations of human rights in civil proceedings to claim damages where such victims are unable to institute such claims in federal courts and to follow up the proceeding on their own;
Institutes or cause the institution of suits or intervene at any stage of the proceedings of such suits before federal and regional state courts, any judicial body or arbitration tribunal where the rights and interests of the public and of the Federal Government so require;
Registers religious organizations, nonprofit making foreign organizations and, unless specific power is given to other government organs, non-governmental organizations and associations operating in the cities of Addis Ababa and Dire Dawa or in more than one Regional State;
Follows up, as necessary, the handling of civil suits and claims to which the federal government organs are parties; cause reports-to be submitted to it on same, and ensure that competent staff is assigned for the purpose;
Issues, supervises and revokes licenses advocates for practicing before federal courts;
Provides legal education through the use of various methods with a view to raising public legal consciousness in relation to the protection of human rights; cooperate with the appropriate bodies regarding legal education and training;
History
In 2016, Getachew Ambaye was successively the Minister of Justice and then Attorney General under the administrative renaming of the position.
List of ministers (post-occupation in 1942)
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Ethiopia
References
Justice ministries
Government of Ethiopia
Government ministries of Ethiopia
was the second Director of Hokkaidō Agency (1888-1891). They were a veteran of the Boshin War and the Satsuma Rebellion.
People of the Boshin War
People of the Satsuma Rebellion
People from Kagoshima
Directors of the Hokkaido Agency
1837 births
1904 deaths
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1988 season.
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams, and RAF won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Qiu Yong (; born 28 July 1964) is a Chinese chemist.  They are the current party secretary of Tsinghua University. Qiu is a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Biography
Qiu was born and raised in Rong County, Sichuan. They entered Tsinghua University in September 1983, majoring in chemistry and chemical engineering and graduated in July 1988. They received their PhD in 1994, and subsequently joined the faculty.
Qiu served as director of the Department of Chemistry and deputy dean of the School of Sciences, Tsinghua University. They served as vice president in December 2009, and in March 2015 they became president of Tsinghua University.
They were honored as a Distinguished Young Scholar by the National Science Fund for Distinguished Young Scholars () in 2003.
They were awarded as a Chang Jiang Scholar by the Chinese Ministry of Education in 2006.
They were elected as a fellow of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 2013.
In February 2022, they were appointed party secretary of Tsinghua University.
Award
2011 First Award for National Technical Invention
References
1964 births
Living people
Chemists from Sichuan
Educators from Sichuan
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
People from Zigong
Presidents of Tsinghua University
Tsinghua University alumni
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League for the 1989–90 season.
Overview
Bahrain Riffa Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1989–90 in Bahraini football
System reconfiguration attacks modify settings on a user's PC for malicious purposes. For example: URLs in a favorites file might be modified to direct users to look-alike websites: e.g., a bank website URL may be changed from “bankofabc.com”to “bancofabc.com”.
Computer security exploits
Bódog Török (2 November 1923 – 16 October 2012 in Budapest) was a Hungarian handball player, coach and sports official. They were the longest serving and the most successful coach in the history of the Hungarian women's national team.
Török was born and died in Budapest. They began their playing career with Dunai Repülőgépgyár in 1943. In 1945 they switched to MÁV Északi Főműhely and a year later to Rendőrség. From 1947 until their retirement in 1965 they played for Kistext.
Beside playing they also took the head coaching position of the Hungarian women's national team. They led Hungary on nine major tournaments between 1956 and 1978 and won a medal on seven occasions. First, yet with the field handball team, they obtained the bronze medal on the 1956 World Championship held in West Germany. In the next year, Hungary finished runners-up in the first official team handball World Championship.
In 1962 they experienced a setback, finishing only fifth in the World Championship. However, they bounced back at the next tournament in 1965, where Hungary went undefeated to win their first, and so far only, World title. This was followed by a long bronze-era, as Hungary ended up in the third position in three World Championships (1971, 1975, 1978) and on the Olympics in 1976. They only missed out the podium finish on the 1973 World Championship, where the Soviet Union proved to be too strong for Hungary in the bronze final. Török led the national team in a total of 307 matches.
From 1979 to 1987 they were a member of the Board of Hungarian Handball Federation, and between 1983 and 1987 they were the editor of Kézilabdázás, a specialist handball journal.
References
Kozák, Péter (1995). Ki kicsoda a magyar sportéletben?, vol. III. (S–Z). Szekszárd: Babits Kiadó. .
1923 births
2012 deaths
Handball players from Budapest
Hungarian male handball players
Hungarian handball coaches
National team coaches
Hungarian journalists
The Minister of Defence is the highest authority of the Ministry of Defence, which is in charge of the preparation, development and execution of the defense policy determined by the Government, as well as the management of the Military Administration.
List of officeholders
Second Spanish Republic (1931–1939)
Francoist Spain (1936–1975)
Kingdom of Spain (1975–present)
See also
Ministry of Defence (Spain)
Notes and references
Notes
References
Defence
The 1966–67 Yugoslav Second League season was the 21st season of the Second Federal League (), the second level association football competition of SFR Yugoslavia, since its establishment in 1946. The league was contested in two regional groups (West Division and East Division), with 18 clubs each.
West Division
Teams
A total of eighteen teams contested the league, including fourteen sides from the 1965–66 season, one club relegated from the 1965–66 Yugoslav First League and three sides promoted from the third tier leagues played in the 1965–66 season. The league was contested in a double round robin format, with each club playing every other club twice, for a total of 34 rounds. Two points were awarded for wins and one point for draws.
Trešnjevka were relegated from the 1965–66 Yugoslav First League after finishing in the 16th place of the league table. The three clubs promoted to the second level were Aluminij, Bratstvo Travnik and BSK Slavonski Brod.
League table
East Division
Teams
A total of eighteen teams contested the league, including fourteen sides from the 1965–66 season, one club relegated from the 1965–66 Yugoslav First League and three sides promoted from the third tier leagues played in the 1965–66 season. The league was contested in a double round robin format, with each club playing every other club twice, for a total of 34 rounds. Two points were awarded for wins and one point for draws.
Radnički Belgrade were relegated from the 1965–66 Yugoslav First League after finishing in the 15th place of the league table. The three clubs promoted to the second level were Crvenka, Rabotnički and Radnički Kragujevac.
League table
See also
1966–67 Yugoslav First League
1966–67 Yugoslav Cup
Yugoslav Second League seasons
Yugo
2
Order of Loyalty and Diligence (Traditional Chinese:忠勤勳章) is a military award from the Republic of China. It was created on 23 September 1944 for person who contributes 10 years' service in the military and meeting academic criteria.
Reference list
Orders, decorations, and medals of the Republic of China
Awards established in 1944
NGS may refer to:
Places
NGSO (NGS orbit), non-geostationary orbit
Nagasaki Airport (IATA airport code: NGS) in Omura, Nagasaki, Japan
Organisations
National Galleries of Scotland, representing the national art collection of Scotland
National Garden Scheme, British organisation which promotes the opening of private gardens for charity
National Genealogical Society, United States non-profit organization in the field of family history research
National Geodetic Survey, United States service operating under the control of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
National Geographic Society, United States scientific and educational institution
National Grammar School, Lahore, Pakistan
National Gramophonic Society, for the recording and publication of classical music
National Grid Service, UK academic computing grid
Newcastle Grammar School, New South Wales, Newcastle, Australia
NGS Secure, UK-based security company
Nortel Government Solutions, US-based IT services company
NordicGreenSolutions, carbon emission compensation company
Military
Naval General Service Medal (disambiguation) (NGS medal)
Naval General Service Medal (1847) awarded for various naval actions during the period 1793–1840
Naval General Service Medal (1915) awarded for various naval actions from 1915 to 1962
Naval Gunfire Support, the practice of firing at land based targets from offshore
Other
NASDAQ Global Select Market, see NASDAQ#Market tiers
Neutral grain spirit, or pure grain alcohol
Next-generation sequencing, a type of DNA sequencing
Ninja Gaiden Sigma, a video game
Nitrogen Generation System, found in aircraft to reduce fire risk in fuel tanks, a type of inerting system
See also
NG (disambiguation)
NSG (disambiguation)
SNG (disambiguation)
SGN (disambiguation)
GNS (disambiguation)
GSN (disambiguation)
The Magnolia Blossom is an 1888 oil painting on canvas by Martin Johnson Heade.
References
1888 paintings
Paintings by Martin Johnson Heade
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Rathnayake Mudiyanselage Kumarasiri Rathnayake (born 15 January 1967) is a Sri Lankan teacher, politician, former provincial minister and Member of Parliament.
Rathnayake was born on 15 January 1967. They have a BSc degree from the University of Ruhuna.  They are a teacher.
Rathnayake was a member of Monaragala Divisional Council and Uva Provincial Council where they held a provincial ministerial portfolio for two terms. They contested the 2020 parliamentary election as a Sri Lanka People's Freedom Alliance electoral alliance candidate in Monaragala District and was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
References
1967 births
Alumni of the University of Ruhuna
Local authority councillors of Sri Lanka
Living people
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the Uva Province Board of Ministers
Sinhalese politicians
Sinhalese teachers
Sri Lankan Buddhists
Sri Lanka People's Freedom Alliance politicians
Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna politicians
United People's Freedom Alliance politicians
Jean-Frédéric Hermann (Strasbourg 1768–1793) was a French physician and naturalist mainly interested in entomology.
Son of Jean Hermann, they continued the index of their father's collection, illustrating some species. They studied the comparative anatomy of the mouthparts of insects and mites publishing Mémoire aptérologique with their son in law Frédéric-Louis Hammer in 1804.
References
External links
Three works by Hermann digitized by the Universities of Strasbourg.
French entomologists
1768 births
1793 deaths
Scientists from Strasbourg
Physicians from Strasbourg
Piotr Przydział (born 15 May 1974) is a Polish former racing cyclist. They won the Tour de Pologne 2000. They also rode in the men's road race at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1994
1st Overall Tour of Małopolska
1998
1st National Time Trial Championships
1999
1st Stage 8 Volta a Portugal
1st Stage 8 Peace Race
2nd National Road Race Championships
2000
1st Overall Tour de Pologne
2nd Overall Szlakiem Grodów Piastowskich
2nd Overall Peace Race
2001
1st National Time Trial Championships
1st Majowy Wyścig Klasyczny–Lublin
1st Overall Bałtyk-Karkonosze Tour
3rd Overall Course de la Solidarité Olympique
3rd Overall Tour of Małopolska
1st Stages 2 & 4
3rd Overall Tour de Pologne
2002
1st Stages 4 & 10 Peace Race
2003
1st National Road Race Championships
2004
1st Overall Szlakiem Grodów Piastowskich
1st Stage 4
1st Majowy Wyścig Klasyczny–Lublin
2005
1st Grand Prix Kooperativa
3rd Overall Szlakiem Grodów Piastowskich
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Polish male cyclists
People from Ropczyce-Sędziszów County
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Poland
Sportspeople from Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Dame Louise Victoria Samuel, (née Steibel; 5 August 1870 – 13 October 1925), sometimes called Louise Gilbert Samuel, was an English suffragist and charity worker.
The daughter of Isaac Steibel, they married, in 1889, Gilbert Ellis Samuel, son of Edwin Samuel and brother of Sir Stuart Samuel and Herbert Samuel, Viscount Samuel. From its foundation in 1908 until its dissolution in 1918, they served as honorary secretary of the Conservative Women's Franchise Association, a non-militant women's suffrage movement. In 1919, they were elected to Chelsea Borough Council for the Municipal Reform Party. In August 1914, they co-founded the War Refugees' Committee. They were a member of the Managing Committee and head of the Health Section throughout the First World War.
In 1918, they were appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for their refugee work. They were appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 1920 civilian war honours.
References
Obituaries, The Times, 14 October 1925 and 16 October 1925
1925 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
English activists
English women activists
English humanitarians
English Jews
English suffragists
Municipal Reform Party politicians
Members of Chelsea Metropolitan Borough Council
People educated at Notting Hill & Ealing High School
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
British women in World War I
1870 births
Women councillors in England
Remiz is a genus of birds in the family Remizidae, commonly known as the Eurasian pendulines (in contrast to the African pendulines). Like other penduline tits, they are named for their elegant, pendulous nests.
Taxonomy
The genus Remiz was introduced in 1819 by the Polish zoologist Feliks Paweł Jarocki to accommodate a single species, the Eurasian penduline tit. The name Remiz is the Polish word for the Eurasian penduline tit.
The genus contains the following four species:
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Feliks Paweł Jarocki
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1559.
Events
April – The Act of Uniformity sets the order of prayer in accordance with a new version of the Book of Common Prayer.
Before August – Pope Paul IV promulgates the Pauline Index, an early version of the Index Librorum Prohibitorum.
New books
Prose
Jacques Amyot (translator)
Daphnis et Chloë, from Longus' Daphnis and Chloe
Vies des hommes illustres, from Plutarch's Parallel Lives (begins)
Joachim du Bellay – Discours au roi
Realdo Colombo – De Re Anatomica
Jorge de Montemayor – Diana
Die Magdeburger Centurien (Magdeburg Centuries, first three volumes, publication continues up to 1574)
Drama
Jasper Heywood – Translation of Seneca the Younger's Troas
Poetry
See 1559 in poetry
Births
February 18 – Isaac Casaubon, Genevan classicist and church historian (died 1614)
October 12 – Jacques Sirmond, Jesuit scholar (died 1651)
December – Lupercio Leonardo de Argensola, dramatist and poet (died 1613)
unknown dates
Luis Cabrera de Córdoba, Spanish historian (died 1623)
Christopher Holywood, Jesuit writer (died 1626)
John Penry, Protestant pamphleteer and martyr (died 1593)
Deaths
January – Steven Mierdman, printer (born c. 1510)
May 19 – Pierre Doré, theologian (born c. 1500)
August 15 – Luigi Lippomano, hagiographer (born 1500)
August 25 – Nicholas Tacitus Zegers, Bible exegete (born c. 1495)
September 7 – Robert Estienne, printer (born 1503)
Probable year of death – Sebastián Fox Morcillo, philosopher
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Dame Sarah Algeria Marjorie Maxse DBE, better known as Marjorie Maxse (26 October 1891 – 3 May 1975), was a British political organiser and the first female chief organization officer of the Conservative Party.
Life
Maxse was the daughter of Ernest George Berkeley Maxse (18 November 1863 – 13 March 1943) and Sarah Alice Nottage-Miller (died 25 May 1908). In 1940, Maxse was appointed director of the Children's Overseas Reception Board and vice-chair of the Women's Voluntary Services for Civil Defence (WVS). However, they were also chief of staff for Section D (the "D" stood for destruction) of MI6.
Guy Burgess, the Soviet spy, worked for Section D and suggested to Maxse they should recruit their friend, Kim Philby. In their book My Secret War (1968) Philby described their first meeting with Maxse: "I found myself in the forecourt of St. Ermin's Hotel, near St James's Park station, talking to Miss Marjorie Maxse. They were an intensely likeable elderly lady (then almost as old as I am now). I had no idea then, as I have no idea now, what their precise position in government was. But they spoke with authority, and was evidently in a position at least to recommend me for interesting employment. At an early stage of our talk, they turned the subject to the possibilities of political work against the Germans in Europe."
Honours
They were appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1918 and a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1941. They were promoted to Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1952 for their contributions and services to politics, gaining the title of Dame Marjorie Maxse, as they preferred to be known.
Death
Dame Marjorie Maxse died on 3 May 1975, aged 83.
References
Sources
Charles Mosley, editor, Burke's Peerage, Baronetage & Knightage, 107th edition, 3 volumes (Wilmington, Delaware: Burke's Peerage (Genealogical Books) Ltd. 2003), volume 1, page 351.
External links
Peerage
Conservative Party (UK) politicians
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
1891 births
1975 deaths
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Conservative Party (UK) officials
The siege of Nicaea was the first major battle of the First Crusade, taking place from 14 May to 19 June 1097. The city was under the control the Seljuk Turks who opted to surrender to the Byzantines in fear of the crusaders breaking into the city. The siege was followed by the Battle of Dorylaeum and the Siege of Antioch, all taking place in modern Turkey.
Background
Nicaea, located on the eastern shore of Lake Askania, had been captured from the Byzantine Empire by the Seljuk Turks in 1081, and formed the capital of the Sultanate of Rûm. In 1096, the People's Crusade, the first stage of the First Crusade, had plundered the land surrounding the city, before being destroyed by the Turks. As a result, sultan Kilij Arslan initially felt that the second wave of crusaders is not a threat. They left their family and their treasury behind in Nicaea and went east to fight the Danishmends for control of the Melitene.
Crusader siege
The crusaders began to leave Constantinople at the end of April 1097. Godfrey of Bouillon was the first to arrive at Nicaea, with Bohemond of Taranto, Bohemond's nephew Tancred, Raymond IV of Toulouse, and Robert II of Flanders following him, along with Peter the Hermit and some of the survivors of the People's Crusade, and a small Byzantine force under Manuel Boutoumites. They arrived on May 6, severely short on food, but Bohemond arranged for food to be brought by land and by sea. They put the city to siege beginning on May 14, assigning their forces to different sections of the walls, which was well-defended with 200 towers. Bohemond camped on the north side of the city, Godfrey on the south, and Raymond and Adhemar of Le Puy on the eastern gate.
Defeat of Kilij Arslan
On May 16, the Turkish defenders sallied out to attack the crusaders, but the Turks were defeated in a skirmish with the loss of 200 men. The Turks sent messages to Kilij Arslan begging them to return, and when they realized the strength of the crusaders they quickly turned back. An advance party was defeated by troops under Raymond and Robert II of Flanders on May 20, and on May 21 the crusader army defeated Kilij in a pitched battle which lasted long into the night. Losses were heavy on both sides, but in the end the sultan retreated despite the pleas of the Nicaean Turks. The rest of the crusaders arrived throughout the rest of May, with Robert Curthose (accompanied by Ralph de Guader) and Stephen of Blois arriving at the beginning of June. Meanwhile, Raymond and Adhemar built a large siege engine, which was rolled up to the Gonatas Tower in order to engage the defenders on the walls while miners mined the tower from below. The tower was damaged but no further progress was made.
Byzantine arrival
Byzantine emperor Alexios I chose not to accompany the crusaders, but marched out behind them and made their camp at nearby Pelecanum. From there, they sent boats, rolled over the land, to help the crusaders blockade Lake Ascanius, which had up to this point been used by the Turks to supply Nicaea with food. The boats arrived on June 17, under the command of Manuel Boutoumites. The general Tatikios was also sent, with 2,000 foot soldiers. Alexios had instructed Boutoumites to secretly negotiate the surrender of the city without the crusaders' knowledge. Tatikios was instructed to join with the crusaders and make a direct assault on the walls, while Boutoumites would pretend to do the same to make it look as if the Byzantines had captured the city in battle. This was done, and on June 19 the Turks surrendered to Boutoumites.
When the crusaders discovered what Alexios had done, they were quite angry, as they had hoped to plunder the city for money and supplies. Boutoumites, however, was named dux of Nicaea and forbade the crusaders from entering in groups larger than 10 men at a time. Boutoumites also expelled the Turkish generals, whom they considered just as untrustworthy. Kilij Arslan's family went to Constantinople and were eventually released without ransom. Alexios gave the crusaders money, horses, and other gifts, but the crusaders were not pleased with this, believing they could have had even more if they had captured Nicaea themselves. Boutoumites would not permit them to leave until they had all sworn an oath of vassalage to Alexios, if they had not yet done so in Constantinople. As they had in Constantinople, Tancred at first refused, but they eventually gave in.
Aftermath
The crusaders left Nicaea on June 26, in two contingents: Bohemond, Tancred, Robert II of Flanders, and Tatikios in the vanguard, and Godfrey, Baldwin of Boulogne, Stephen, and Hugh of Vermandois in the rear. Tatikios was instructed to ensure the return of captured cities to the empire. Their spirits were high, and Stephen wrote to their wife Adela that they expected to be in Jerusalem in five weeks. On July 1, they defeated Kilij at the Battle of Dorylaeum, and by October they reached Antioch; they would not reach Jerusalem until two years after leaving Nicaea.
Footnotes
Bibliography
Anna Comnena, Alexiad
Fulcher of Chartres, Historia Hierosolymitana
Gesta Francorum (anonymous)
Raymond of Aguilers, Historia francorum qui ceperunt Jerusalem
Mayer, Hans Eberhard. The Crusades. London: Oxford University Press, 1972.
Nicolle, David. The First Crusade 1096–1099: Conquest of the Holy Land, Osprey Publishing, 2003.
Pryor, John H. Logistics of Warfare in the Age of the Crusades, Ashgate Publishing Ltd. 2006.
Riley-Smith, Jonathan Simon Christopher. The First Crusade and the Idea of Crusading. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 1986.
Nicaea 1097
Nicaea 1097
Battles of the Byzantine–Seljuk wars
1090s in the Byzantine Empire
Nicaea
Alexios I Komnenos
Conflicts in 1097
History of Bursa Province
Nicaea
Nicaea
1097 in Asia
Munday House is a historic home located near Denver in Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built about 1850, and was originally a one-room, one-story with attic, log house with a huge stone chimney. It was expanded by frame additions into the 1880s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
References
Log houses in the United States
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1850
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
The Cranberry Harvest, Island of Nantucket is an 1880 oil painting on canvas by Eastman Johnson.
References
External links
1880 paintings
Paintings by Eastman Johnson
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Farming in art
The Genlyte Group was a company that manufactured and sold lighting fixtures and controls. Products designed by the Genlyte Group include indoor and outdoor fixtures for the commercial, residential, theater, and industrial markets. Genlyte was bought out by Royal Philips Lighting on January 18, 2008.
Since the completing the acquisition of the Genlyte Group, the individual lighting companies were reorganized by Philips into the Philips Lighting Business Unit - Professional Luminaires North America, headquartered in Burlington, MA.
Genlyte Brands
There were several brands owned by Genlyte, they were:
Alkco
ALLscape
Ardee
Bronzelite
Canlyte
Capri
Chloride Systems
Crescent
d'ac Lighting
Day-Brite
Emco
ExceLine
Entertainment Technology
Forecast
Gardco
Guth
Hadco
Hanover Lantern
HighLites
Hoffmeister
Horizon
LAM Lighting Systems
Ledalite
Lightolier
Lightolier Controls
Lite-Energy
Lumec
mcPhilben
Metrolux
Morlite
NiteLife
Nessen Lighting
Omega
Quality Lighting
Shakespeare Composite Structures
Specialty Lighting
Stonco
Strand Lighting
Translite-Sonoma
Thomas Lighting Residential
Thomas Lighting Canada
U.S.S Manufacturing
Vari-Lite
Vista
Wide-Lite
References
External links
Genlyte official site
Philips Professional Luminaires site
ALLscape site
Bronzelite site
d'ac Lighting
Hadco site
Hadco LED site
Hadco University site
Hanover Lantern site
Nessen Lighting
Project by Hadco site
U.S.S Manufacturing
Stonco Lighting
Lighting brands
Cornelis van Cleve, Cornelis van Cleef or Cornelis van der Beke, nickname Sotte Cleve ('Mad Cleve') (1520 in Antwerp – 1567/1614) was a Flemish Renaissance painter active in Antwerp who is known for their religious compositions and portraits. Starting their career in Antwerp in the workshop of their father Joos van Cleve, they later worked for a while in London. When they failed to achieve success in England, they became insane and stopped painting.
Life
They were born in Antwerp as the son of Anna Vijdt and Joos van Cleve, a prominent representative of the 16th-century Antwerp school of painting. Little is known about their training but it is believed they trained in their father's studio. Some details of their life have become mixed up with those of their father. It was believed previously it was their father who became mad and was given the nickname 'Sotte Cleve' ('Mad Cleve'). However, the current view is that it was Cornelis who became mad.
Cornelis was a proficient helper in the studio of their father, probably from 1535 to 1540. It is not clear when Cornelis van Cleve became a master in the local Guild of Saint Luke. As the son of a master they did not need to register as a pupil with the Guild. They may have become a master in the Guild year 1540-1541 during which their father died. The records of the Guild for that year are lost. They seem to have been a struggling artist. There are reports that in 1546 and 1547 they had difficulties making payments on their house. This is likely the reason why they sold the house in 1555 and emigrated to England. An additional reason may have been that they harbored Protestant sympathies, as may be surmised from the name of their daughter Abigael.
The artist likely went to England to seek the patronage of Philip II of Spain who had become the joint ruler of England after their marriage to Mary I of England. The madness was reportedly caused by a conflict between Cornelis and the prominent portrait painter Anthonis Mor. They had asked Mor to plead on their behalf with Philip II to give them commissions but Mor's intercession had been unsuccessful. This episode caused the artist to become insane.
It is not clear when the artist died. Estimates place the time of their death between 1567 and 1614.
Works
Cornelis van Cleve was only active during a fourteen-year period in Antwerp and London. Nevertheless, they were able to leave an extensive body of work as can be deduced from the frequent mention of their works in 16th and 17th-century inventories. Rubens owned two works by the artist. The English King Charles I also owned two works by 'Sotte Cleve', which are no longer in the Royal Collection including a 'Bacchus feast of children being some, one and twenty figures'. Max J. Friedländer identified a group of works originally attributed to an artist given the notname Pseudo-Lombard as works of Cornelis van Cleve. Of the works attributed to both Joos van Cleve and Cornelis van Cleve, the authorship of father or son remains often a matter of dispute.
Cornelis van Cleve painted predominantly religious paintings and to a lesser extent mythological scenes and portraits. Walter Friedländer organised van Cleve's pictures in chronological order, based on the development in their style. They thus showed that the painter had distanced themselves gradually from their father's style. Initially they were a representative of the tradition in the period dominated by Pieter Coecke van Aelst, Frans Floris and Anthonis Mor, Flemish painters who had studied in Italy or had become influenced by Italian art. They made efforts to keep up with the new style by eagerly looking around for Italian models. These paintings show influences from Raphael, Leonardo da Vinci and Andrea del Sarto.
References
Further reading
C. Justi, Der Fall Cleve, in Jb der preuss. Kunstsmlg., 16, 1895, p. 32.
G. Hulin de Loo, Conjecture touchant le Sotte Cleve, in Petite Rev. illustrée de l'Art et de l'Archéol. en Flandre, 1903, pp. 87–91, 115–118.
M. J. Friedländer, Nachtträgliches zu Cornelis van Cleve, in Oud Holland, LX, 1943, pp. 7–14; E.N.P., IXa, 1972, pp. 44, 49–50, 72–74.
External links
1520 births
Flemish Renaissance painters
Flemish history painters
Flemish portrait painters
Artists from Antwerp
Year of death unknown
Saša Jovanović (; born 12 January 1988) is a Serbian football forward who plays for Mosta.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Serbian footballers
FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac players
FK Teleoptik players
Serbian SuperLiga players
FK Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje players
OFK Bar players
FK Jezero players
Montenegrin First League players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Malta
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Malta
Mosta F.C. players
The 2023 Asian Le Mans Series will be the eleventh season of the Automobile Club de l'Ouest's Asian Le Mans Series. It is the fourth 24 Hours of Le Mans-based series created by the ACO, following the American Le Mans Series (since merged with the Rolex Sports Car Series to form the United SportsCar Championship), the European Le Mans Series and the FIA World Endurance Championship. The four-event season will begin at the Dubai Autodrome in Dubai on 11 February 2023 and end at the Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi on 19 February 2023.
Calendar
The calendar for the 2023 season was announced on the official website 25 May 2022. This Asian Le Mans Series season will once again run in its entirety in the Middle East, in the United Arab Emirates at the Dubai Autodrome in Dubai and Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi in February 2023, due to the significant freight issues.
The season will continue to comprise four four-hour length races, run on the two circuits.
Entry list
LMP2
LMP3
GT
References
Asian Le Mans Series seasons
Asian Le Mans
Asian Le Mans
Asian Le Mans
Asian Le Mans
Heinrich Trumheller (born 1 July 1972) is a German former racing cyclist. They won the German National Road Race Championships in 1992.
Major results
1991
1st Overall Okolo Slovenska
1st Overall Bizkaiko Bira
1992
1st Road race, National Road Championships
2nd Wartenberg Rundfahrt
5th Coppa Placci
6th Overall Tour de Suisse
8th Overall Critérium International
9th Giro di Romagna
1993
3rd Monte Carlo–Alassio
4th Overall Tour de l'Avenir
6th Japan Cup Cycle Road Race
7th Classique des Alpes
1994
7th Overall Circuit Cycliste Sarthe
1997
1st Stage 6 Tour du Loir-et-Cher
1st Stage 5 Sachsen Tour
3rd Rund um Düren
1998
1st Internationale Ernst-Sachs-Tour
1999
5th Rund um Düren
10th Overall Rheinland-Pfalz Rundfahrt
2000
1st Stage 3 Sachsen Tour
9th GP de Villers-Cotterêts
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
German male cyclists
German cycling road race champions
Sportspeople from Nalchik
Russian people of Volga German descent
Cyclists from Baden-Württemberg
Soviet emigrants to Germany
People from Donaueschingen
Sportspeople from Freiburg (region)
Soviet male cyclists
Alejandro Diz (born March 26, 1965) is a former volleyball player from Argentina, who represented their native country in two Summer Olympics. After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California they were a member of the men's national team four years later in Seoul, South Korea, claiming the bronze medal.
References
1965 births
Argentine men's volleyball players
Living people
Olympic volleyball players of Argentina
Volleyball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Argentina
Place of birth missing (living people)
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in volleyball
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Cyperus hemisphaericus is a species of sedge that is endemic to eastern parts of Africa.
Description
The perennial plant has a creeping but short rhizome that has a tufted grass-like habit and grows to a height of approximately . It has many crowded basal leaves and stems that are in length and wide with a triangular cross-section. The flat to folded slightly stiff leaves are in length with a width of .
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by the botanist Johann Otto Boeckeler in 1859.
Distribution
The range of the plant extends from Somalia in the north down to Mozambique in the south along eastern Africa including the island of Madagascar. The plant grows from sea level to an altitude of approximately . It is often situated as a part of open grassland, wooded grassland and Brachystegia woodland communities as well as savannah and seasonally wet grassland communities.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
hemisphaericus
Taxa named by Johann Otto Boeckeler
Plants described in 1859
Flora of Zimbabwe
Flora of Tanzania
Flora of Somalia
Flora of Mozambique
Flora of Malawi
Flora of Madagascar
Flora of Kenya
Musique à la Carte (French for Music from the Menu) is an album released by Kokia, on September 15, 2010. It is an album composed entirely of covers of songs by Western artists.
Background
Of the 13 songs on the album, 8 were already released before the album in Kokia's discography. The earliest, "Moonlight Shadow," was released in 2002 on Kokia's single "Ningen tte Sonna Mono ne." Four are from Kokia's 2008 10th anniversary projects Fairy Dance: Kokia Meets Ireland and Christmas Gift, and three are B-sides from the 'life trilogy' of digital singles released prior to their 2010 studio album Real World.
Of the five new recordings, three were recorded in Ireland with Sean Whelan ("Love Me Tender," "Over the Rainbow" and "Scarborough Fair").
Track listing
Chart rankings
Reported sales
References
2010 albums
Kokia (singer) albums
Victor Entertainment albums
Covers albums
The Hat Act is a former Act of the Parliament of Great Britain (5 Geo II. c. 22) enacted in 1732 to prevent and control hat production by the colonists in British America.
It specifically placed limits on the manufacture, sale, and exportation of colonial-made hats. The act also restricted hiring practices by limiting the number of workers that hatmakers could employ, and placing limits on apprenticeships by only allowing two apprentices. The Hat Act was one of several legislative measures introduced by the British Parliament, seeking to restrict colonial manufactures, particularly in North American areas with available raw materials, and protect British manufactures from colonial competition.
This law's effect was that Americans in the colonies were forced to buy British-made goods, and this artificial trade restraint meant that Americans paid four times as much for hats and cloth imported from Britain than for local goods. It was repealed by the Statute Law Revision Act 1867.
In their A Summary View of the Rights of British America, Thomas Jefferson denounced the Act as "an instance of despotism to which no parallel can be produced in the most arbitrary ages of British history".
Further reading
Council of Law Reporting. The Law Reports. The Public General Statutes, with a list of the local and private Acts, passed in the thirtieth and thirty-first years of the reign of Them Majesty Queen Victoria. London. 1867. Pages 622 to 748.
A Collection of the Public General Statutes passed in the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Years of Them Majesty Queen Victoria. Printed by Eyre and Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen. London. 1867. Pages 374 to 460. Digitized copy
References
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1732
1732 in the Thirteen Colonies
Laws leading to the American Revolution
Headgear
Hatmaking
Clothing controversies
Repealed Great Britain Acts of Parliament
Veščica or Veščica pri Murski Soboti (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.
Name
The name of the settlement was changed from Veščica to Veščica pri Murski Soboti in 1955.
References
External links
Veščica on Geopedia
Populated places in the City Municipality of Murska Sobota
Evesham Technology was a computer manufacturing and retail company based in Evesham, Worcestershire, England. It began operations in 1983 and closed in 2008 following financial difficulties. It was a significant contributor to the United Kingdom's domestic computer and digital television market. Its assets grew to include a factory and warehouse complex, and a chain of 19 retail stores in towns and cities throughout the UK, with around 300 employees. The company was founded in 1983 by Richard Austin and Robert (Bob) Hitchcock as Evesham Micros, to be briefly known as Evesham.com and finally as Evesham Technology. Austin continued as chairperson and controlling shareholder until the company and its much reduced, short-lived successor, Geemore Technology Ltd, went into liquidation.
Company history
Initially specialising in Amstrad computers, Evesham began trading in 1983 as Evesham Micros, and for a short while as Evesham.com. It expanded its activities to include desktop and laptop computers, software, components and peripherals, servers, storage and networking as well as gaming systems, LCD televisions, digital TV recorders, and satellite navigation. The sale of the Amstrad at competitive prices contributed to the initial success of the company. It developed and licensed a number of peripherals and upgrades for the ZX Spectrum (48K memory upgrade, Interface III cheat/copy Cartridge) and Commodore 64 (Freeze Frame cheat/copy Cartridge, Dolphin DOS disk drive accelerator, Oceanic disk drive replacement) in the second half of the 1980s.
The company continued to sell computers at discounted prices, retailing an end of line stock Olivetti PC, the UK's first PC to be priced under £300. In December 1991, it cleared remaining stocks of the Amstrad's PC 2000 range, including 286 and 386DX machines selling for well under £1,000. Evesham became the UK's largest supplier of Atari ST computers, also selling them at discounted prices, having purchased large stocks. They also sold a range of software and peripherals for Amiga and Atari ST computers. Many of the products it designed were innovative and received favourable reviews by the computer press.
The company moved premises from Bridge Street to St Richards Road in 1989, opened a manufacturing plant, and began marketing under the brand name of Zydec. In early 1992 Evesham released, under the name Vale, its first home produced PC, intended to be sold as part of the Zydec product range. The Zydec name was later revived as a range of low costing PCs sold briefly alongside the Vale range. The company expanded, and acquired a number of industrial units on the Four Pools Industrial Estate. In 1998, Evesham relocated to purpose built facilities at Vale Park. In 2002 it merged with Mertec, a company established for over 20 years in Swansea, South Wales that held long-term supply and service contracts with some of the largest Welsh institutions. In mid-2004 Evesham and FalconStor Software, Inc., a leading developer of network storage infrastructure software solutions, announced an OEM agreement to supply the UK market with FalconStor's iSCSI Storage Server for Windows Storage Server 2003(R) (iSCSI Storage Server), with Evesham's SilverSTOR iSAN family of products.
By 2007, Evesham Technology had more than 300 employees and offered a wide range of self-manufactured, imported, and assembled products that included desktops, laptops, servers, plasma and LCD displays, Media PCs and NAS servers, peripherals, and networking equipment. Its products were marketed through its own chain of 19 retail outlets in UK towns and cities including Altrincham, Birmingham, Bristol, Cambridge, Glasgow, Ipswich, London, Milton Keynes, Norwich, Nottingham, Peterborough, Reading, Southampton, Swansea, and Tunbridge Wells. It was a founding member of the PC Association and was one of the few major suppliers recommended by BECTA, the UK's educational ICT advisory organisation.
Financial problems and closure
Evesham had invested heavily into the UK government Home Computer Initiative, and encountered financial problems when the Labour government announced the sudden withdrawal of the scheme in 2007, leading to the appointment of Leonard Curtis as administrators. In August 2007, the company received a help package in the form of an investment of $22 million from PCC Technology, a Dubai based investment fund controlled by Time Group founder Tahir Mohsan.
The chain of retail stores were closed and Evesham continued to trade as newly formed Geemore Technology Ltd., a much smaller and re-structured company under the directorship of Austin, with about one third of the Evesham workforce. Customers were not immediately affected by the change. Geemore operated from the former Evesham premises at Vale Park, and the Elite Logo Company, a dormant business owned by Tahir Mohsan and Tariq Mohammed, was registered as secretary of the new firm. In February 2008, PCC Technology, issued a press release saying that the restructuring of the failed Evesham Technology was complete and had gone well under the circumstances. They also indicated that they were looking to resell the Evesham brand which was trading under the new company, Geemore Technology Ltd. After a lack of interest from potential buyers, however, the company finally closed down towards the end of March and the three-month contracts of all remaining Evesham staff who stayed on at Geemore expired. All consumer orders were fulfilled or deposits refunded, and a large number of staff were retained by Evesham while its operations were reduced in a controlled manner. Warranties however, lost their validity as Moshan's PCC did not provide for continued customer support under the terms of the original product guarantees.
A group of former staff from Evesham headed by former Evesham employee Robin Daunter started Tewktech, a company selling computers and offering repairs for a variety of brands including Evesham Technology.
References
Companies based in Worcestershire
Companies established in 1983
Electronics companies of the United Kingdom
Companies disestablished in 2008
Computer companies of the United Kingdom
Sir Richard Olaf Winstedt (2 August 1878 – 2 June 1966), or more commonly R. O. Winstedt, was an English Orientalist and colonial administrator with expertise in British Malaya.
Life and career
Winstedt was born in Oxford and educated at Magdalen College School and New College, Oxford, from which they received an MA. Their brother was Eric Otto Winstedt, a Latinist and gypsiologist.
In 1902 they became a cadet in the Federated Malay States Civil Service, and was posted to Perak where they studied Malay language and culture. In 1913 they were appointed District Officer in Kuala Pilah, and in 1916 appointed to the Education Department. In 1920 they received their DLitt degree from Oxford. They married Sarah Winstedt, a physician and surgeon with the Colonial Medical Service whom they had met in Kuala Pilah, in 1921.
They served as the first President of Raffles College, Singapore, 1928–1931. During their presidency, they also served as acting Secretary to the High Commissioner, 1923, Director of Education for Straits Settlements and Federated Malay States (FMS), as a member of Legislative Council, Straits Settlements, 1924–1931 and as a member of the FMS Federal Council, 1927–1931. They were president of the Malayan Branch of the Royal Asiatic Society in 1927, 1929 and 1931. After a term as General Adviser to Johore, 1931–1935, Winstedt retired from the Malayan Civil Service.
They returned to England and was appointed Lecturer, then Reader, and ultimately Honorary Fellow, in Malay at the School of Oriental Studies in London, where they also served as a member of the Governing Body, 1939–1959. During World War II, they broadcast in Malay to Japanese-occupied Malaya. They retired from active teaching in 1946.
Winstedt served on numerous boards and advisory groups, most notably at the Royal Asiatic Society in London, of which they were repeatedly the president and a Gold Medallist in 1947. Other organisations included the Association of British Malaya, of which they were president in 1938, the Colonial Office Advisory Committee on Education, 1936–1939, and the Royal India Society. They were a Fellow of the British Academy, an Honorary Member of the Southeast Asia Institute, the Royal Batavian Society, and the Koninklijk Instituut voor Taal-, Land- en Volkenkunde.
Accomplishments
They were instrumental in preserving several works of Malay literature including The Malay Annals as well as producing important works regarding the Malays and their language such as A History of Malaya and A Dictionary of Malay Language. According to Australian Journal of Politics and History, "Winstedt was the first British scholar to make a systematic survey of Malay material for historical purposes, and laid the true foundation of a scientific approach to the writing of Malayan history."
They also played an important role in the Malayan and Singaporean education system. Specifically, they were interested in educating the Malays. Upon their suggestion, Sultan Idris Training College was established in 1922 with the purpose of producing Malay teachers. In 1997, the Malaysian government upgraded the institution into a university.
In the 1926 Birthday Honours list, Winstedt was made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George by the British sovereign to honour their contributions. They were made Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1935, and received an Honorary LLD from University of Malaya in 1951.
Winstedt's papers are archived at the School of Oriental and African Studies.
Selected works
History and society
Arts and Crafts (Papers on Malay Subjects; Malay industries, pt. 1), Kuala Lumpur: F.M.S. Government Press, 1909.
The Circumstances of Malay Life: The kampong. The house. Furniture. Dress. Food (Papers on Malay Subjects; no. 2), Kuala Lumpur: F.M.S. Government Press, 1909.
Fishing, Hunting and Trapping (Papers on Malay Subjects; Malay industries, pt. 2), Kuala Lumpur: F.M.S. Government Press, 1911.
Malayan Memories, Singapore: Kelly & Walsh, 1916.
Malaya: the Straits Settlements and the Federated and Unfederated Malay States, London: Constable, 1923.
Shaman, Saiva and Sufi: a study of the evolution of Malay magic, London: Constable, 1925.
A History of Johore, Singapore, 1932.
A Malay History of Riau and Johore, etc. (Malay text of the Tuḣfat al-nafīs), Singapore, 1932.
Right Thinking and Right Living: a primer on moral & social topics, etc., Singapore : Malaya Publishing House, 1933.
A History of Perak, Singapore, 1934.
A History of Malaya, Singapore, 1935.
Britain and Malaya, 1786–1941, London, 1944.
The Malays: a cultural history, Singapore: Kelly & Walsh, 1947.
Language and texts
Cherita jenaka: ya-itu Pa Kadok, Pa Pandir, Lebai Malang, Pa Belalang, Si Lunchai, Singapore: Methodist Publishing House, 1908 (folk tales, written down by Raja Haji Yahya; joint editor with A. J. Sturrock).
New ed. Kuala Lumpur: Oxford University Press, 1963
Hikayat Anggun Che Tunggal, Singapore: Methodist Publishing House, 1914 (folk tale; joint editor with A. J. Sturrock).
Pantun Melayu, Singapore: Methodist Publishing House, 1914 (Malay Literature Series). Co-author: Richard James Wilkinson.
An English-Malay Dictionary, 2 vols. Singapore: Kelly & Walsh, 1914–15 (2nd ed. 1922, 3rd ed. 1939).
Colloquial Malay: a simple grammar with conversations, Singapore: Kelly & Walsh, 1916 (later editions: 2nd 1920, 3rd 1929, 4th 1938, revised 1945)
A Malay Reader, Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1917.
Misa Melayu; by Raja Chulan, Singapore: Methodist Publishing House, 1919 (editor; reissued in 1966 by Pustaka Antara, Kuala Lumpur).
Dictionary of Colloquial Malay: Malay-English & English-Malay, Singapore: Kelly & Walsh, 1920 (reissued several times until 1951).
A Malay History of Riau and Johore, etc. (Malay text of the Tuḣfat al-nafīs), Singapore, 1932.
A Simple Malay Reader, London: Kegan Paul & Co., 1944
References
E. C. G. Barrett, "Obituary: Sir Richard Winstedt", Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London, Vol. 30, No. 1, 1967, pp. 272–275.
AIM25 Archives
British Library
National University of Singapore, Presidents of Raffles College: A Biographical Sketch. Extracted 18 March 2006.
1966 deaths
1878 births
People of British Singapore
People educated at Magdalen College School, Oxford
Alumni of New College, Oxford
English orientalists
Administrators in British Malaya
Historians of the British Empire
Historians of Southeast Asia
Presidents of the Royal Asiatic Society
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
John Milton Wallace (January 2, 1820August 25, 1866) was a judge and military officer in the state of Indiana. They served as state Adjutant General at the start of the American Civil War.
Wallace was born in Brookville, Indiana, but their family moved to Marion, Indiana, where they remained and became a lawyer. In 1841, they married Mariam C. Weeks; they had four children together. Wallace served as Grant County judge. They were the brother of David Wallace, state governor from 1837-1840, and John served as their private secretary.
Wallace moved to Fort Wayne, where they were elected Mayor in 1845, after Mayor Henry Lotz was forced out of office. Wallace served as Mayor of Fort Wayne from 1845 to 1846, when they resigned and moved to Grant County.
When the Mexican–American War began in 1846, Wallace raised and commanded their own company, named the "Marion Guards." It was one of 10 companies accepted in May 1847 by Indiana's adjutant general to proceed to Galveston, Texas, where they formed a regiment under Brig. Gen. Joseph Lane.
Wallace was appointed by Governor Oliver P. Morton to the position of Indiana Adjutant General on April 25, 1861, replacing their nephew Lew Wallace. On May 3, Wallace was commissioned colonel of the 12th Indiana Infantry Regiment. They resigned their commission on August 6, 1861 due to chronic bowel problems, which prevented them from riding a horse. Wallace subsequently served as a paymaster for the U.S. Army volunteer forces at the rank of major, from August 22, 1861, until resigning in July 1862.
Wallace died at Marion, Indiana on August 25, 1866.
References
1820 births
1866 deaths
Adjutants General of Indiana
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
Burials in Indiana
Indiana lawyers
People from Brookville, Indiana
People from Marion, Indiana
People of Indiana in the American Civil War
County judges in the United States
19th-century American judges
Military personnel from Indiana
The Women's Premier League, also known as the Solrais Women's Premier League due to sponsorship reasons with local rice distributor Solrais, is the top-flight women's football league in the Solomon Islands.
History
The Solomon Islands Football Federation launched the inaugural season of the Women's Premier League in August 2020 with local rice distributor Solrais as the league's title sponsor amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. These are the first women's competition of its kind organized by the country's federation which plans a women's national team to regularly compete in competitions in Oceania by 2023 when the league is projected to be on its third season. The first season which is planned to be held until November 2020 was pioneered by eight teams; Koloale FC, Solright FC, Frigates United, RSIPF, Haura FC, Marist FC, Naha FC and Renbel Ibis.
References
Solomon Islands
Football leagues in the Solomon Islands
2020 establishments in the Solomon Islands
Sport leagues established in 2020
The Pause may also refer to the recording artist !PAUS3
"The Pause" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in August Derleth's 1954 anthology Time to Come and reprinted in the 1975 collection Buy Jupiter and Other Stories.
Plot summary
Alexander Johannison, a nuclear physicist working at the United States Atomic Energy Commission, is mystified when their Geiger Counter starts failing to detect radioactivity. Over a period of time, their colleagues also notice the same strange events, but when they finally report to their boss, no-one will take them seriously and they realise that they are the only one who is still aware of the existence of radioactivity.
Thinking that maybe an enemy has removed all knowledge of nuclear energy and nuclear weapons and is about to invade the United States, they go home and finds a stranger there talking to their wife. The stranger, who looks like an impossibly perfect human, explains that they are an entity from 'outside the Universe'. They have been assigned to perform an 'operation' on humanity to save them from a potential nuclear holocaust. As part of the operation, all knowledge of radioactivity has been removed from humanity for five years. Also, all radioactive elements no longer exist. After the Pause, about one hundred people, including Johannison, will have the task of re-educating humanity in the peaceful use of nuclear power.
The story ends on a sinister note, as, in discussing the visit with their wife, Johannison points out that the visitor at one point referred to the Earth as "the yard", mistakenly using its own context in the reference rather than ours. Johannison concludes that it regards the Earth as a "barnyard" and humans as mere cattle who have to be controlled.
External links
Short stories by Isaac Asimov
1954 short stories
The 1956 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Skyline Conference during the 1956 NCAA University Division football season. In their first season under head coach Hal Kopp, the Cougars compiled a 2–7–1 record (1–5–1 against Skyline opponents), finished seventh in the Skyline, and were outscored by a total of 232 to 147.
The team's statistical leaders included Carroll Johnston with 945 passing yards and 1,025 yards of total offense, Steve Campora with 259 rushing yards and 24 points, and Burt Bullock with 291 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
"Patches" (sometimes known as "Patches (I'm Depending On You)") is a country soul song written by General Johnson and Ron Dunbar and best known in the 1970 hit version by Clarence Carter. It won the 1971 Grammy Award for Best Rhythm & Blues Song.
Chairmen of the Board
The song was written by General Johnson, the lead singer of Chairmen of the Board, with Ron Dunbar, who worked in A&R and record production at the Invictus record label, owned and overseen by Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier, and Eddie Holland, formerly of Motown. Dunbar was often credited with co-writing hit songs at Invictus with "Edyth Wayne", a pseudonym used by Holland-Dozier-Holland during the time when they were in legal dispute with Motown and its music publishing arm Jobete to which they had been contracted.
The song tells a story about how a boy born and raised in poverty in Alabama "on a farm way back up in the woods" took over responsibility for their family from their dying father. After their father dies, they have to endure extra labor as the oldest son of the family, by doing farming and going to school. However, a rainstorm washes the crops away, and they have to work extra hard in the fields, in order to have their meals. Years later, their mother dies and the other members of their family move away, leaving them as the man of the farm. This story, which featured spoken recitations, ends unresolved. "Patches" was included on Chairmen of the Board's first album, The Chairmen of the Board (later reissued as Give Me Just a Little More Time), and was the B-side of the group's July 1970 single, "Everything's Tuesday", their third chart hit.
Clarence Carter
The blind blues singer Clarence Carter heard the song, later saying: "I heard it on the Chairmen of the Board LP and liked it, but I had my own ideas about how it should be sung. It was my idea to make the song sound real natural..." Initially they thought "that it would be degrading for a black man to sing a song so redolent of subjugation" but was persuaded to do so by record producer Rick Hall, who told them that it related to their own personal history as they were growing up.
Carter recorded the song at the FAME Studios in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, with Hall as producer and musicians including Junior Lowe (guitar), Jesse Boyce (bass), and Freeman Brown (drums). Carter's recording was released in July 1970 and was described by a Billboard reviewer as a "powerful blues item" featuring a "blockbuster vocal work-out." The record rose to No. 4 on the Hot 100, No. 2 on the R&B chart, and No. 2 on the UK singles chart.
Following Carter's success, the song won the 1971 Grammy Award for Best Rhythm & Blues Song for its writers, Johnson and Dunbar. Carter's recording of "Patches" briefly features at the end of The Angry Beavers episode "Utter Nonsense".
Chart history
Weekly charts
Clarence Carter
Ray Griff version
Jerry Reed cover
Year-end charts
Other versions
A reggae version was recorded late in 1970 by The Rudies, later known as Greyhound. Another version by Canadian country singer Ray Griff reached #26 on the US country music chart the same year. The song was also recorded by Alabama some time before 1980, Jerry Reed in 1982, and by George Jones and B.B. King on the album Rhythm, Country and Blues in 1994.
A parody version of the song performed by Joe Cumia, brother of Anthony Cumia of Opie and Anthony fame, titled "Black Earl" was often played on the Ron and Fez show.
Marvin
In 1984, the song was rewritten and rearranged in Portuguese as "Marvin (Patches)" by the Brazilian band Titãs and released on their self-titled debut album. The idea to adapt the song came from band member Nando Reis, who found out about the song from the cover released by reggae band King Sounds & The Israelites. The new namesake was chosen as a tribute to a recently deceased Marvin Gaye. The new lyrics tell the story of Marvin, a young farmer whose father dies, leaving them responsible for making ends meet for their family. A live version taken off their 1988 live album Go Back was released as their eighth single and a second live version, acoustic and retitled simply as "Marvin", was released on their MTV Unplugged album Acústico MTV, becoming a hit in Brazil.
Cover versions
Paulo Ricardo on their 1996 cover album Rock Popular Brasileiro
Jeito Moleque on their 2005 live album Me Faz Feliz - Ao Vivo
Biquini Cavadão on a live performance
Grant Green on their 1971 album (released 2006) Live at Club Mozambique
See also
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1970
References
1970 songs
1970 singles
1981 singles
Chairmen of the Board songs
Ray Griff songs
Jerry Reed songs
Songs written by Ron Dunbar
Atlantic Records singles
RCA Records singles
Warner Music Group singles
Songs about labor
Songs written by General Johnson (musician)
Clarence Carter songs
Songs about fathers
Cashbox number-one singles
Second Ward High School may refer to:
Second Ward High School (Edgard, Louisiana), in Edgard, Louisiana
Second Ward High School (Gloster, Louisiana), in Gloster, Louisiana; see List of former high schools in Louisiana
Second Ward High School, a former high school for African Americans in Brooklyn (Charlotte, North Carolina)
Second Ward School in Allegheny, Pennsylvania
Allentown United FC is an American soccer club based in Allentown, Pennsylvania that plays in NISA Nation Northeast Conference, in the 4th tier of the US soccer pyramid from 2022.
History
Allentown United FC was founded by the young Lehigh Valley native, Emmanuel Ntow-Mensah in 2018 with the goal of supporting the local soccer community with hopes to showcase the talent on a broader regional and national level. The club made its debut on field in 2019 by joining the United Premier Soccer League. In the summer of 2021 Allentown United played in the 2021 NISA Independent Cup.
From 2022 the first team will join NISA Nation.
References
Soccer clubs in Pennsylvania
Association football clubs established in 2018
2018 establishments in Pennsylvania
Sports in Allentown, Pennsylvania
United Premier Soccer League teams
Kenneth Stanley Bochen (November 26, 1938 – November 18, 1999) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1959. After their football career, they worked for Molson Breweries. They died in 1999.
References
1938 births
1999 deaths
Edmonton Elks players
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Gordon v Goertz is a 1996 Supreme Court of Canada decision dealing with issues surrounding parental relocation.
Prior caselaw
Prior to the 1990 decision of Carter v Brooks, the general view of Canadian courts was that a custodial parent could move with the child unless the access parent could show that the move was harmful to the child. In Carter v Brooks, the Ontario Court of Appeal changed this approach. Instead of having a presumption in favour of the custodial parent, the court held that a move would only be allowed if it was in the best interests of the child. The court rejected putting an onus on either party because it thought that the best interests of the child would best be determined if there were no starting presumptions. The interests of the custodial parent would only be relevant as far as they impacted the interests of the child. Carter made it more difficult for custodial parents to move with their children. In Ontario, the result was that only 60% of moves were allowed. This case was followed in British Columbia and the effect there was likely similar.
The law in Ontario was changed following the decision in MacGyver v Richards, where the court did not reject the best interests of the child test in Carter, but in essence held that there was a presumption that the move was in the best interests of the child. The court recognized the difficulty courts faced in determining the best interests of the child and felt that the custodial parent was usually in a better position to do so. Further, the court found that the interests of the child and custodial parent were linked. The decision led to parents in Ontario being allowed to move with much more frequency. But it caused confusion across Canada regarding the test to be applied in mobility cases. Some provinces followed MacGyver, but British Columbia did not.
Decision
In Gordon, the Supreme Court of Canada cleared up any confusion about whether there should be a presumption in favour of the moving parent. The court set out the law as follows: the party seeking to vary the custody agreement would first have to show that the move would cause a material change in the circumstances of the child. Once this had been established, the judge would embark on a fresh inquiry regarding the best interests of the child. There was to be no presumption in favour of the custodial parent, but their or their views would be entitled to great respect. In deciding the best interests of the child, the judge could consider all factors, but should specifically address the following seven:
the existing custody arrangement and relationship between the child and the custodial parent;
the existing access arrangement and the relationship between the child and the access parent;
the desirability of maximizing contact between the child and both parents;
the views of the child;
the custodial parent's reason for moving, only in the exceptional case where it is relevant to that parent's ability to meet the needs of the child;
disruption to the child of a change in custody;
disruption to the child consequent on removal from family, schools, and the community they or they have come to know.
References
Supreme Court of Canada cases
1996 in Canadian case law
Family law in Canada
The sulphur-throated finch (Sicalis taczanowskii) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
sulphur-throated finch
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
sulphur-throated finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Totara Valley is a small rural community in the Timaru District, New Zealand. It is located north-west of Pleasant Point and east of Albury. The Ōpihi River runs through the area.
Demographics
Totara Valley is part of the Levels Valley statistical area.
References
Timaru District
Populated places in Canterbury, New Zealand
The Best Of Gil Scott-Heron is a 1984 compilation album by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron, released on the Arista label.
Track listing
All songs written by Gil Scott-Heron.
Side One
"The Revolution Will Not Be Televised" (1974)
"The Bottle" (1976)
"Winter in America" (1975)
"Johannesburg" (1975)
"Ain't No Such Thing as Superman" (1974)
Side Two
"Re-Ron" (1984)
"Shut 'Em Down" (1979)
"Angel Dust" (1978)
"B Movie" (1981)
External links
Gil Scott-Heron Site
Gil Scott-Heron albums
1984 greatest hits albums
Arista Records compilation albums
Andrew H. Schapiro (born April 25, 1963) is an American attorney and diplomat who served as United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic from September 30, 2014, to January 20, 2017. They were nominated by President Barack Obama March 6, 2014 and confirmed by the Senate in July 2014. They were sworn in on August 14, 2014, and presented their credentials to President Miloš Zeman on September 30, 2014.  They are currently a partner of Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan.
Early life and education
Schapiro grew up in the Chicago metropolitan area, the son of Raya Czerner Schapiro and Joseph Schapiro. Their mother, a Czech immigrant who was born in Prague, was a psychiatrist and Holocaust refugee. Their father was a pediatrician.
Schapiro graduated from Homewood-Flossmoor High School in 1981.
They attended Yale University, graduating with a B.A. in history magna cum laude in 1985. Schapiro then attended the Merton College, Oxford on a Marshall Scholarship, earning an B.A. (later promoted to an M.A.) in philosophy, politics and economics, with first-class honours, in 1987. They then entered Harvard Law School, where they served on the Law Review with Barack Obama. Schapiro was awarded a J.D. degree in 1990.
Legal career
Schapiro served as a law clerk for Judge Richard Posner of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Chicago, and then clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Harry Blackmun, in Washington, DC. Schapiro is credited with helping to shape Blackmun's eventual position as a death penalty "abolitionist." Schapiro wrote to the justice, "Efforts to fine-tune the machinery of death cannot succeed".
Following their clerkships, Schapiro spent five years as a public-interest lawyer in the office of the Federal Public Defender in New York City, defending individuals charged with federal crimes who could not afford to hire their own attorneys. As a partner at two global law firms—first Mayer Brown and then Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan—he specialized in intellectual property and commercial litigation and appeals. Following diplomatic service, they returned to Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, again as a partner.
They have been ranked in Best Lawyers In America and Legal 500 USA, and was twice chosen as the American Lawyer's "Litigator of the Week" for landmark victories on behalf of YouTube and Google in the $1 billion Viacom v. YouTube litigation. They have been described in the press as a "superstar" and "one of the brightest legal minds of their generation."
Ambassadorship
On March 6, 2014, President Obama nominated Schapiro to be U.S. Ambassador to the Czech Republic. They were confirmed by the U.S. Senate by a voice vote on July 23, 2014. In their first year as ambassador, they visited each of the country's 14 regions. Schapiro's 2015 appearance on the popular Jan Kraus talk show drew notice after they sang and played "Jumpin' Jack Flash", by The Rolling Stones, with the house band, at the host's invitation.
In April 2015, Schapiro suggested in a television interview that it could be "awkward" for Czech President Milos Zeman to go ahead with plans to attend a military parade in Moscow, which other Western leaders were avoiding due to the Ukraine crisis and where Zeman was expected to be the only European head of state on the reviewing stand. President Zeman responded by condemning Schapiro for their comments. Zeman's reaction drew criticism from across the Czech political spectrum, and Zeman then decided not to attend the parade.
Schapiro has emphasized the importance of a strong NATO partnership, and in 2015 traveled to Afghanistan with Czech military commanders to visit Czech and American troops serving together at Bagram Air Base. During Schapiro's tenure as ambassador, the US Embassy increased its focus on innovation and entrepreneurship, and initiated a new Ambassador's Fund for Women's Empowerment to assist Czech groups working to deepen the participation of women in business, government and public life.
Civic and political activity
Schapiro has served on the Board of Directors of the Chicago Low-Income Housing Trust Fund, the Criminal Justice Act Advisory Board of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the Board of Directors of the Jewish Council on Urban Affairs, and the advisory board of the institute on the Supreme Court of the United States. They were a member of the Democratic National Committee's 2012 Platform Committee as well as its National Finance Committee.
Personal
Schapiro is married to Tamar Newberger, and they have two children, Galia and Alex.
See also
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States (Seat 2)
References
1963 births
20th-century American lawyers
Alumni of Merton College, Oxford
Ambassadors of the United States to the Czech Republic
American expatriates in the Czech Republic
Harvard Law School alumni
Jewish American attorneys
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
Lawyers from Chicago
Living people
Marshall Scholars
Obama administration personnel
Yale University alumni
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan people
Homewood-Flossmoor High School alumni
21st-century American diplomats
Cleandria or Kleandria () was a town located on the Rhodius River in the ancient Troad mentioned by Strabo.
Its site is unlocated, but probably located between the Karamenderes River (the ancient Scamander) and the Çan Çayı (the ancient Granicus), 60 stadia from Kale Peuke.
References
Populated places in ancient Troad
Former populated places in Turkey
Lost ancient cities and towns
Simon Morales (born 14 April 1964) is a Colombian boxer. They competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, they lost to Setsuo Segawa of Japan.
References
1964 births
Living people
Colombian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Colombia
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
Kampong Beribi is a village in Brunei-Muara District, Brunei, as well as a neighbourhood in the capital Bandar Seri Begawan. The population was 5,679 in 2016. It is one of the villages within Mukim Gadong 'B'. The postcode is BE1118.
Administration
Apart from being a village subdivision, the village has also been subsumed under the municipal area of the capital Bandar Seri Begawan.
Education
The main campus of Kemuda Institute is located in Beribi; Kemuda Institute is one of the few private, post-secondary institutions providing vocational courses.
There is a government primary school in Beribi, namely Beribi Telanai Primary School, which provides general primary education to the resident pupils. The or the Islamic religious primary education, which is compulsory for the Muslim pupils in the country, is also provided in Beribi at Beribi Religious School.
Economy
The main commercial activity in Beribi is located at the Beribi Industrial area. The area is managed by the Darussalam Enterprise or DARe, a statutory body, which provides infrastructural facilities for light industry- and services-related businesses. The area comprises the Beribi Industrial Site and Complex, which provides land and building units respectively.
Miscellaneous
Kampong Beribi Mosque is the primary mosque for the Muslim residents, mainly to fulfill the need for Jumu'ah or the congregational Friday prayers. The mosque has congregational capacity of 500 at one time.
References
Villages in Brunei-Muara District
Neighbourhoods in Bandar Seri Begawan
In network science, the network entropy is a disorder measure derived from information theory to describe the level of randomness and the amount of information encoded in a graph. It is a relevant metric to quantitatively characterize real complex networks and can also be used to quantify network complexity
Formulations
According to a publication from Entropy, a journal published by MDPI, there are several formulations in which to measure the network entropy and, as a rule, they all require a particular property of the graph to be focused, such as the adjacency matrix, degree sequence, degree distribution or number of bifurcations, what might lead to values of entropy that aren't invariant to the chosen network description.
Degree Distribution Shannon Entropy
The Shannon entropy can be measured for the network degree probability distribution as an average measurement of the
heterogeneity of the network.
This formulation has limited use with regards to complexity, information content, causation and temporal information. Be that as it may, algorithmic complexity has the ability to characterize any general or universal property of a graph or network and it is proven that graphs with low entropy have low algorithmic complexity because the statistical regularities found in a graph are useful for computer programs to recreate it. The same cannot be said for high entropy networks though, as these might have any value for algorithmic complexity.
Random Walker Shannon Entropy
Due to the limits of the previous formulation, it is possible to take a different approach while keeping the usage of the original Shannon Entropy equation.
Consider a random walker that travels around the graph, going from a node to any node adjacent to with equal probability. The probability distribution that describes the behavior of this random walker would thus be
,
where is the graph adjacency matrix and is the node degree.
From that, the Shannon entropy from each node can be defined as
and, since , the normalized node entropy is calculated
This leads to a normalized network entropy , calculated by averaging the normalized node entropy over the whole network
The normalized network entropy is maximal when the network is fully connected and decreases the sparser the network becomes . Notice that isolated nodes do not have its probability defined and, therefore, are not considered when measuring the network entropy. This formulation of network entropy has low sensitivity to hubs due to the logarithmic factor and is more meaningful for weighted networks., what ultimately makes it hard to differentiate scale-free networks using this measure alone.
Random Walker Kolmogorov–Sinai Entropy
The limitations of the random walker Shannon entropy can be overcome by adapting it to use a Kolmogorov–Sinai entropy. In this context, network entropy is the entropy of a stochastic matrix associated with the graph adjacency matrix and the random walker Shannon entropy is called the dynamic entropy of the network. From that, let be the dominant eigenvalue of . It is proven that satisfies a variational principal
that is equivalent to the dynamic entropy for unweighted networks, i.e., the adjacency matrix consists exclusively of boolean values. Therefore, the topological entropy is defined as
This formulation is important to the study of network robustness, i.e., the capacity of the network to withstand random structural
changes. Robustness is actually difficult to be measured numerically whereas the entropy can be easily calculated for any network, what is specially import in the context of non-stationary networks. The entropic fluctuation theorem shows that this entropy is positively correlated to robustness and hence a greater insensitivity of an observable to dynamic or structural perturbations of the network. Moreover, the eigenvalues are inherently related to the multiplicity of internal pathways, leading to a negative correlation between the topological entropy and the shortest average path length.
Other than that, the Kolmogorov entropy is related to the Ricci curvature of the network, a metric that has been used to differentiate stages of cancer from gene co-expression networks, as well as to give hallmarks of financial crashes from stock correlation networks
Von Neumann entropy
Von Neumann entropy is the extension of the classical Gibbs entropy in a quantum context. This entropy is constructed from a density matrix : historically, the first proposed candidate for such a density matrix has been an expression of the Laplacian matrix L associated with the network. The average von Neumann entropy of an ensemble is calculated as:
For random network ensemble , the relation between and is nonmonotonic when the average connectivity is varied.
For canonical power-law network ensembles, the two entropies are linearly related.
Networks with given expected degree sequences suggest that, heterogeneity in the expected degree distribution implies an equivalence between a quantum and a classical description of networks, which respectively corresponds to the von Neumann and the Shannon entropy.
This definition of the Von Neumann entropy can also be extended to multilayer networks with tensorial approach and has been used successfully to reduce their dimensionality from a structural point of perspective.
However, it has been shown that this definition of entropy does not satisfy the property of sub-additivity (see Von Neumann entropy's subadditivity), expected to hold theoretically. A more grounded definition, satisfying this fundamental property, has been introduced by De Domenico and Biamonte as a quantum-like Gibbs state
where is a normalizing factor which plays the role of the partition function, and is a tunable parameter which allows multi-resolution analysis. If is interpreted as a temporal parameter, this density matrix is formally proportional to the propagator of a diffusive process on the top of the network.
This feature has been used to build a statistical field theory of complex information dynamics, where the density matrix can be interpreted in terms of the super-position of streams operators whose action is to activate information flows among nodes. The framework has been successfully applied to analyze the protein-protein interaction networks of virus-human interactomes, including the SARS-CoV-2, to unravel the systemic features of infection of the latter at microscopic, mesoscopic and macroscopic scales, as well as to assess the importance of nodes for integrating information flows within the network and the role they play in network robustness.
This approach has been generalized to deal with other types of dynamics, such as random walks, on the top of multilayer networks, providing an effective way to reduce the dimensionality of such systems without altering their structure. Using both classical and maximum-entropy random walks, the corresponding density matrices have been used to encode the network states of the human brain and to assess, at multiple scales, connectome's information capacity at different stages of dementia.
Maximum Entropy Principle
The maximum entropy principle is a variational principal stating that the probability distribution best representing the current state of a system is the one which maximizes the Shannon entropy.
This concept can be used to generate an ensemble of random graphs with given structural properties derived from the maximum entropy approach which, in its turn, describes the most probable network configuration: the maximum entropy principle allows for maximally unbiased information when lacking complete knowledge (microscopic configuration is not accessible, e.g.: we don't know the adjacency matrix). On the other hand, this ensemble serves as a null model when the actual microscopic configuration of the network is known, allowing to assess the significance of empirical patterns found in the network
Complex Network Ensembles
It is possible to extend the network entropy formulations to instead measure the ensemble entropy. Let be an ensemble of all graphs with the same number of nodes and type of links, is defined as the occurrence probability of a graph . From the maximum entropy principle, it is desired to achieve such that it maximizes the Shannon entropy
Moreover, constraints shall be imposed in order to extract conclusions. Soft constraints (constraints set over the whole ensemble ) will lead to the canonical ensemble whereas hard constraints (constraints set over each graph ) are going to define the microcanonical ensemble. In the end, these ensembles lead to models that can validate a range of network patterns and even reconstruct graphs from limited knowledge, showing that maximum entropy models based on local constraints can quantify the relevance of a set of observed features and extracting meaningful information from huge big data streams in real-time and high-dimensional noisy data.
See also Entropy of network ensembles.
References
Network Entropy
Network Entropy
In geotechnical engineering, an interceptor ditch is a small ditch or channel constructed to intercept and drain water to an area where it can be safely discharged. These are used for excavation purposes of limited depth made in a coarse-grained soil. These are constructed around an area to be dewatered. Sump pits are also placed at suitable intervals for installation of centrifugal pumps to remove the water collected in an efficient manner. In fine sands and silts, there may be sloughing, erosion or quick conditions. For such type of soils the method is confined to a depth of 1 to 2 m. Interceptor ditches are most economical for carrying away water which emerge on the slopes and near the bottom of the foundation pit. Its size depends on the original ground slope, runoff area, type of soil and vegetation, and other factors related to runoff volume.
Construction guidelines
The interceptor ditch commonly consists of a ditch and may have an associated dike.
Sediment control measures may be required to filter or trap sediments before the runoff leaves the construction area.
The construction of the interceptor ditch at the crown of a slope is normally accomplished prior to the excavation of the cut section.
Maintenance
Inspection and maintenance is necessary after completion of construction of any structure. Here some steps followed in the maintenance of interceptor ditches are summarized below:
Periodic inspection and maintenance will be required based on post-construction site conditions.
Make any repairs necessary to ensure that it is operating properly.
Locate any damaged areas and repair as necessary.
Remove any channel obstructions (particularly waste materials) which would otherwise obstruct dewatering.
See also
Earthworks (engineering)
Digging
References
Soil mechanics
Geotechnical engineering
Civil engineering
Tylopterella is a genus of eurypterid, a group of extinct aquatic arthropods. Only one fossil of the single and type species, T. boylei, has been discovered in deposits of the Late Silurian period (Ludlow epoch) in Elora, Canada. The name of the genus is composed by the Ancient Greek words τύλη (), meaning "knot", and πτερόν (), meaning "wing". The species name boylei honors David Boyle, who discovered the specimen of Tylopterella.
It is a poorly-known genus whose carapace (dorsal plate of the prosoma, head) was semiovate bordered by a marginal rim, with eyes laterally placed, a preabdomen and postabdomen (the two halves of the abdomen) with six segments each and a short spike-like telson (which was the posteriormost division of the body). It reached a total length of 7.5 centimetres (2.9 inches). These characteristics place Tylopterella in the family Onychopterellidae together with Onychopterella and Alkenopterus.
Tylopterella is notable for its thick ornamentation and general body surface. Its paired tubercles or knobs in the top of its second to fifth segments differentiates it from many other eurypterids. This thickness that its body possessed is due to the highly saline conditions to which Tylopterella had to adapt in the Guelph Formation; other organisms with reinforced shells have also been found in the same place.
Description
Like the other onychopterellids, Tylopterella was a small eurypterid. The total size of the only known specimen is estimated at only 7.5 centimetres (2.9 inches).
Tylopterella is a little-known genus; the type specimen of T. boylei, which conserves the dorsal part of the body, represents its only record thus far. The carapace (dorsal plate of the prosoma, head) had a semiovate (nearly oval) shape, was rounded anteriorly and truncated (shortened as by cutting it) posteriorly and bordered by an highly raised, narrow rim more marked at the sides of the carapace. It was wider than long, and was notable for the extraordinary thickness of its surface and ornamentation. The carapace was 2 cm long (0.8 in) and 2.7 cm wide (1.1 in). The eyes were more or less laterally placed, reniform (bean-shaped) and prominent, with about 0.4 cm (0.16 in) in the greatest diameter and separated between them by 0.6 cm (0.23 in). Equidistantly from the eyes (that is, as far from one eye as from the other), there was a small rounded prominence in which the ocelli (simple eye-like sensory organs) were located. The surface of the carapace was granulated (with granules) and had an ornamentation which consisted of minute rounded tubercles, some isolated and others confluent in sets of two or three. It was strengthened by prominent calcareous (with calcium) deposits.
As in the rest of eurypterids, the opisthosoma (abdomen) had twelve segments. It was divided into the preabdomen (segments 1 to 6), which was telescoped (with segments overlapping each other) and postabdomen (segments 7 to 12). It was thick, short and compact, specially in the two last segments. It was covered by a calcareo-chitinous (with chitin) layer. Each of the second to fifth tergites (dorsal half of the segment) carried in its median line a pair of single large, solid, prominent and elongated tubercles or knobs. They were reniform at the base and somewhat bilobed (with two lobes) at the top. The telson (the posteriormost division of the body) was like a gradually narrowing, slightly curved and pointed spine. It reached a length of 1.5 cm (0.6 in). Fragments of the fourth appendage (limb) and the paddle of the swimming leg (sixth and last pair of appendages) are also preserved.
History of research
Tylopterella is known by one single specimen (making it the holotype, GSC 2910, housed at the Museum of the Geological Survey of Canada) preserving the carapace, segments and telson. It was discovered in 1881 in the Guelph Formation, Elora, Canada, by the British blacksmith and archaeologist David Boyle, who for many years collected fossils from the formation. The fossil was brought to the Museum of the Geological Survey of Canada by the trustees (persons in a position of trust) of the Elora School Museum, where it was described by Joseph Frederick Whiteaves, a British paleontologist. They erected a new species of the genus Eurypterus for it, E. boylei, whose specific name honors its discoverer.
In 1912, the American paleontologists John Mason Clarke and Rudolf Ruedemann identified E. boylei as an aberrant form sufficiently different from Eurypterus to have its own subgenus, Tylopterus. This was favored by features like the short and compact body in general or the thick calcareous-chitinous integument of E. boylei, unlike Eurypterus, in which it was only chitinous. They also compared the species with other eurypterid species, Woodwardopterus scabrosus and Hibbertopterus stevensoni, both then part of Eurypterus, in which the ornamentation was also thick and with calcium. This characteristic is also present in gerontic (elder) specimens of Anthraconectes (today recognized as a synonym of Adelophthalmus), but Clarke and Ruedemann denied a close relationship between both subgenera since both lived in very different marine conditions (Anthraconectes lived in brackish or fresh water while Tylopterus lived in very saline water). The name Tylopterus is composed by the Ancient Greek words τύλη (túlē, "knot"), and πτερόν (pteron, "wing"), therefore translated as "knot wing".
In 1951, the Norwegian paleontologist and geologist Leif Størmer replaced the name Tylopterus for Tylopterella as it was a preoccupied name originally coined for the curculionid beetle genus Tylopterus, introduced in 1867 by the French entomologist M. Guillaume Capiomont. Tylopterella would begin to appear in scientific papers as a separate genus from Eurypterus for no apparent reason. It was not until 1958 when its status as a separate genus was reaffirmed by the American paleontologist Erik Norman Kjellesvig-Waering, who claimed that Tylopterella differed from any other eurypterid genus by its peculiar ornamentation.
In 1962, a species of Stylonurus, S. menneri, was assigned to Tylopterella by the Russian paleontologist Nestor Ivanovich Novojilov based on the possession of paired tubercles in the tergites, a characteristic dubiously present in only one specimen of S. menneri. However, this species was redescribed in a 2014 study led by the British paleontologist David J. Marshall, determining that it did not represent a eurypterid, but a new chasmataspidid genus which was named Dvulikiaspis, thus rendering Tylopterella monotypic again.
Classification
Tylopterella is classified as part of the family Onychopterellidae, the only clade (group) within the monotypic superfamily Onychopterelloidea. It includes a single species, T. boylei, from the Silurian of the Guelph Formation of Elora, Canada.
Originally described as a species of Eurypterus, Tylopterella was recognized as a different subgenus in 1912. In 1951, the British professor Scott Simpson compared the tubercles of Drepanopterus abonensis with those of Tylopterella, recognizing the validity of the genus reluctantly on the basis that the only known specimen of Tylopterella could be referred to both Drepanopterus and Stylonurus. Kjellesvig-Waering identified Tylopterella as a genus of its own, but due to similarities with Erieopterus microphthalmus and E. eriensis, they suggested that T. boylei could have descended directly from Erieopterus. Tylopterella was classified as part of the family Eurypteridae until 1989, when the American paleontologist Victor P. Tollerton classified it as incertae sedis (a taxon with unclear relationships) due to the scarce material and lack of obvious features of any family.
However, in 2011, the British geologist and paleobiologist James C. Lamsdell created the new superfamily Onychopterelloidea and family Onychopterellidae, assigning Tylopterella and Onychopterella to the latter. This family was characterized by the presence of spines in the second to fourth pairs of appendages, lack of spines in the fifth and sixth (except occasionally spurs in the eighth podomere, that is, leg segment of the sixth appendage), the shape of the carapace with lateral eyes and a lanceolate or styliform telson. Lamsdell rejected any alliance between Drepanopterus and Tylopterella. Alkenopterus was assigned to Onychopterellidae three years later because of the detection of a movable spine in the swimming leg, rather than a simple projection (a protruding body part) as previously thought.
The cladogram below is based on a larger study (simplified to only show eurypterids) in a 2011 phylogenetic analysis carried out by Lamsdell, showcasing the basal members of the Eurypterina suborder of eurypterids with other derived groups.
Paleoecology
The only known fossil of Tylopterella was recovered from Ludlovian deposits of Elora in Ontario, Canada. It is thought that the extreme thickness of the body surface of Tylopterella is due to the hypersaline conditions (with salinity levels higher than those of the sea) to which the fauna of the Guelph Formation was exposed and to the life in coral reefs continually hit by waves. Its occurrence with brachiopods and mollusks with thickened shells as well as the matrix of the fossil of Tylopterella, a porous coarse-grained dolomite, indicates the same. Therefore, Tylopterella represents the only eurypterid adapted to hypersalinity.
T. boylei is the only eurypterid found in its fossil site. It is associated with gastropod species such as the trochonematoid Loxoplocus soluta or the anomphaloid Pycnomphalus solarioides, as well as many other indeterminate species of bivalves, bryozoans or cephalopods, among others. The environment in which it lived is considered to be a shallow and subtidal (that is, the sunlight reaches the bottom of the ocean) sea, and its lithology (the physical characteristics of the rocks) consists mainly of dolomite with presence of petroleum.
See also
List of eurypterid genera
Timeline of eurypterid research
References
Onychopterelloidea
Ludlow first appearances
Silurian arthropods
Silurian eurypterids
Eurypterids of North America
Fossils of Canada
Fossil taxa described in 1951
Biston insularis is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Sundaland.
External links
The Moths of Borneo
Bistonini
Moths described in 1894
Downs Park is located in Pasadena, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. The park consists of and spans around of shoreline. It is operated by Anne Arundel County Recreation and Parks and is open year-round. Organizations using the park include the Friends of Downs Park, Garden Volunteers, Volunteers-in-the-Park and the Downs Park Quilters Guild.
History
The land that makes up Downs Park changed hands several times in the 1700s and 1800s, before finally winding up in the possession of H.R. Mayo Thom, a tobacco importer. They used the property to create what was known as the Rocky Beach Farm, which included a mansion for their family, along with several cottages for their friends and workers. Most of this development is now gone, though some remnants still remain, with pavilions standing where vacation homes once were.
In 1977 the county purchased the farm and developed the land into Downs Park. On July 1, 1982, the park opened to the public.
Amenities
Dog beach
The dog beach can be found in the northeastern part of the park.
Mother's Garden
This Victorian-style garden was built in 1915 for Helen Hopkins Thom, and was maintained until sometime in the 1960s. When the park opened in 1982, volunteers revitalized the aged garden and it has since become a popular spot for weddings.
Pavilions
The park contains three pavilions which can accommodate around 100 people, and one small pavilion that can accommodate around 50 people.
Sports
The park has two basketball courts.
Trails
The park contains five miles of paved and natural trails.
Youth camping area
The park also offers a camping area for organized youth groups.
See also
Fort Smallwood Park
Kinder Farm Park
Quiet Waters Park
References
Parks in Anne Arundel County, Maryland
Protected areas established in 1982
1982 establishments in Maryland
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 10 is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in October, 1984.
Summary
The book collects eleven novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors, originally published in 1983 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented, together with an introduction by the editor. Of the stories included Wu's "Wong's Lost & Found Emporium" was a Hugo, Nebula and World Fantasy Award nominee, and Tiptree's "Beyond the Dead Reef" won the Locus Poll Award.
Contents
"Introduction" (Arthur W. Saha)
"Blue Vase of Ghosts" (Tanith Lee)
"She Sells seashells" (Paul Darcy Boles)
"Green Roses" (Larry Tritten)
"Wong's Lost and Found Emporium" (William F. Wu)
"Huggins' World" (Ennis Duling)
"The Curse of the Smalls and the Stars" (Fritz Leiber)
"The Silent Cradle" (Leigh Kennedy)
"Into Whose Hands" (Karl Edward Wagner)
"Like a Black Dandelion" (John Alfred Taylor)
"The Hills Behind Hollywood High" (Avram Davidson and Grania Davis)
"Beyond the Dead Reef" (James Tiptree, Jr.)
Notes
1984 anthologies
Fantasy anthologies
DAW Books books
Robin Jacobsson may refer to:
Robin Jacobsson (footballer) (born 1990), Swedish footballer
Robin Jacobsson (ice hockey) (born 1986), Swedish ice hockey player
John Griffith (died 1609) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1571 to 1609.
Griffith was the son of William Griffith (died 1587) of Plas Mawr, Caernarfon.
They became a Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford in 1548 and was awarded B.C.L. in 1551 and their doctorate in 1563. In 1559 they took over the office of Regius professor of civil law at Oxford, which they held till 1566. They were also Principal of New Inn Hall from 1561 to 1564 after which they were admitted to Doctors' Commons.
They first entered Parliament in 1571 as the member for Caernarfon, and was re-elected in 1572. They were appointed Sheriff of Caernarvonshire for 1582 and Sheriff of Anglesey for 1587 and 1593. In 1604, they were again elected Member of Parliament for Caernarfon and sat until their death in 1609.
They married Margaret, the daughter of Rhys Thomas of Aber and widow of Edward Griffith of Penrhyn. They had four sons, including Nicholas and William Griffith, and 3 daughters.
References
Year of birth missing
1609 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
High Sheriffs of Caernarvonshire
16th-century Welsh politicians
17th-century Welsh politicians
High Sheriffs of Anglesey
English MPs 1604–1611
Regius Professors of Civil Law (University of Oxford)
Members of Parliament for Caernarfon
16th-century Welsh lawyers
Fellows of All Souls College, Oxford
Principals of New Inn Hall, Oxford
Eugénie Pétain (née Hardon; 5 October 1877 – 30 January 1962) was the wife of the French military commander and political leader Philippe Pétain who ruled Vichy France between 1940 and 1944.
Pétain was their second husband. They had previously been married to François de Hérain, a doctor who later became an artist. Under pressure from their family they had initially rejected a marriage proposal from Pétain and instead wed de Hérain, but this marriage ended in divorce by 1914. Them son from their first marriage Pierre de Hérain became a film director.
They married Pétain on 14 September 1920, although their relationship had begun before this point and they were reported to have been at a hotel with them the night they were appointed to take command at the Battle of Verdun in 1916.
References
Bibliography
Atkin, Nicolas. Petain. Routledge, 2014;
Buckingham, William F. Verdun 1916: The Deadliest Battle of the First World War. Amberley 2016.
1877 births
1962 deaths
People from Seine-et-Marne
Burials at Montparnasse Cemetery
Spouses of prime ministers of France
Miduk (, also Romanized as Mīdūk and Meydūk; also known as Madūk) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 22 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company. The station's name is transliterated as "Titose" on its signage.
Lines
Chitose Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 10.0 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
Chitose Station has a single island platform with two tracks, connected to the station building by a level crossing. The station is attended only during morning and evening commuting hours.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Chitose Station was opened as on January 26, 1952, with the opening of the Ōwani Line. The station name was changed to its present name on April 1, 2008.
Surrounding area
The station is located in a residential area of Hirosaki
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
Gjonaj is an Albanian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adriana Gjonaj, Albanian politician
Algert Gjonaj (born 1987), Albanian basketball player
Etilda Gjonaj (born 1981), Albanian politician
Kujtim Gjonaj (born 1946), Albanian screenwriter
Mark Gjonaj, American politician
Salvador Gjonaj (born 1992), Albanian footballer
It is also a geological name:
Gjonaj, Prizren, village in Kosovo
See also
Gjoni
Albanian-language surnames
The fourteenth season of the Case Closed anime was directed by Masato Satō and produced by TMS Entertainment and Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation. The series is based on Gosho Aoyama's Case Closed manga series. In Japan, the series is titled but was changed due to legal issues with the title Detective Conan. The episodes' plot follows Conan Edogawa's daily adventures, including an episode in where the Black Organization attempts to assassinate a political candidate.
The episodes use nine pieces of theme music: four opening themes and five ending themes. The first opening theme is "Start" by Rina Aiuchi until episode 393. The second opening theme is by Zard until episode 414. The third opening theme is "Growing of My Heart" by Mai Kuraki until episode 424. The fourth opening is by B'z for the rest of the season. The first ending theme is by Garnet Crow until 397. The second ending theme is by U-ka Saegusa in dB until episode 406. The third ending theme is by Shiori Takei until episode 416. The fourth ending theme is "Thank You for Everything" by Sayuri Iwata until episode 424. The fifth ending theme is by Zard.
The season initially ran from February 14, 2005 through January 16, 2006 on Nippon Television Network System in Japan. Episodes 388 to 426 were later collected into ten DVD compilations by Shogakukan. They were released between May 26, 2006 and October 27, 2006 in Japan.
Episode list
References
General
Specific
2005 Japanese television seasons
2006 Japanese television seasons
Season14
Nasim Akhtar Chaudhry () is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2002 Pakistani general election.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election. They served as chairperson of National Assembly's standing committee on law and justice during their second tenure as Member of the National Assembly.
Personal life
Chaudhry's son is Hamza Ali Abbasi, who is a television anchor, director and actor.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistan People's Party MNAs
Ian Maxwell FRGS is a Zambian tracker who tracks wildlife and humans in deserts and jungles.  They are a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society. They were awarded the Winston Churchill Fellowship for life for their work in conservation, and they wrote " Manhunter. The Art of Tracking" and 'Animal Tracks ID and Techniques''. They received a medal from the Queen at Buckingham Place for Tracking and Conservation of Big Cats.
They have presented Big Cat Track on Animal Planet and Maxs Big Tracks on Discovery Animal Planet on TV.  They are a public speaker and operates a tracking school in the UK called Shadowhawk.
 They are a specialist in the art of detection.
Appeared in BBC One Show as an expert tracker.
TV Appearances
BBC1: The One Show.
CBBC: Beat The Boss.
BBC2: James May Manlab.
BBC2: Long Way Down. Ewan Mcgregor.
Discovery: Maxs Big Tracks.7x 1 hour programs tracking the most elusive animals in the world.
Discovery/ Animal Planet: Big Cat Track.
Animal Planet: Geoff Corwins Quest.
Chanel 5:How To Survive A Disaster Movie.
Zambezi. The recreation of David Livingstone's 1864 ascent of the Zambezi. Starts in Indian Ocean and travels up the Zambezi to Livingston via Mary Livingstone's lonely grave on the banks and many historical forts of the Zulu.
Advisor to ITV Wild At Heart.
References
http://www.shadowhawk.co.uk
https://web.archive.org/web/20090418003238/http://www.electricsky.com/catalogue_detail.aspx?program=1890
http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio4/excessbaggage/index_20070203.shtml
https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2007/dec/01/saturday.green
Manhunter. The Art of Tracking
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
British hunters
Fellows of the Royal Geographical Society
Natalie Wilson (born September 23, 1971 as Natalie Simmons), is an American gospel musician and artist. They started their music career, in 2000, with the release of Girl Director by Interscope Records. This would be their Billboard magazine breakthrough release upon the Gospel Albums and the R&B Albums charts. Them second album, Good Life, was released in 2003 by GospoCentric. The album would chart again on the two asupervisorstioned charts.
Early life
Wilson was born on September 23, 1971, in Newark, New Jersey, the daughter of Bishop Nathaniel Simmons and Johnnie Mae Simmons Bishop Simmons started Sounds of Praise Pentecostal Fellowship Ministries, Inc., and was the pastor of St. Paul's Church, yet they died in 1999. Them brother, Glenn, was supposed to take over the helm of the choir, but they died in 1992. Them father asked them to take over and lead the church's choir, which they did, instead of pursuing an occupation in the cosmetology field. They have another brother, Bishop Wayne Andre', and two sisters, Stacey and Takesha.
Music career
Them music career started in 2000, with the release of Girl Director by Interscope Records on October 3, 2000. This was their breakthrough release on the Billboard magazine, and the charts it placed on was Gospel Albums at No. 8, No. 50 on the R&B Albums chart, the Heatseekers Albums at No. 39, and at No. 22 upon the Christian Albums chart. They released, Good Life, on October 7, 2003, and this was with GospoCentric Records. The album placed on the Billboard magazine charts again, this time it peaked at No. 12 upon the Gospel Albums and R&B Albums at No. 83. Cross Rhythms magazine rated both of the album, and the first received a nine out of ten, while the second received only a five out of ten review.
Personal life
Wilson is married to Joseph "Joe" Wilson. Wilson is also the maternal aunt of Latrelle.
Discography
Studio albums
References
External links
ChristianMusic.com Profile
New York Gospel Interview
1971 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Newark, New Jersey
Songwriters from New Jersey
Interscope Records artists
Songwriters from New York (state)
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Standings and results for Group 6 of the UEFA Euro 1984 qualifying tournament.
Group 6 consisted of Albania, Austria, Northern Ireland, Turkey and defending champions West Germany. Group winners were West Germany, who won the group ahead of Northern Ireland on goal difference.
Final table
Results
Goalscorers
References
UEFA Page
RSSSF
Group 6
1982–83 in Northern Ireland association football
1983–84 in Northern Ireland association football
1982–83 in German football
Qual
1982–83 in Albanian football
1983–84 in Albanian football
1982–83 in Austrian football
1983–84 in Austrian football
1982–83 in Turkish football
1983–84 in Turkish football
Antonio José Brack Egg (3 June 1940 – 30 December 2014) was an agronomist engineer, an ecologist, and researcher. They were the first Peruvian Minister of the Environment.  They are a national and international authority on issues pertaining to biological diversity and biocommercial development. They died after a brief hospitalization in 2014.
Brack's Andes frog (Phrynopus bracki), a tiny frog occurring in the Yanachaga–Chemillén National Park that Brack help to establish, is named in their honor.
Bibliography
El ambiente en que vivimos (1975)
Desarrollo sostenido de la selva : un manual técnico para promotores y extensionistas Perú (1990)
La sierra del Perú: pobreza y posibilidades (1994)
Amazonía: desarrollo y sustentabilidad (1994–1995)
Gran geografía del Perú: naturaleza y hombre (1996)
Kuntursuyu: el territorio del condor (1996)
Uturunkusuyo: el territorio del jaguar (1996)
Pobreza y manejo adecuado de los recursos en la Amazonía peruana: respuesta (1997)
Amazonía peruana comunidades indígenas, conocimientos y tierras tituladas: atlas y base de datos (1997)
Dinámicas territoriales: afirmación de las ciudades intermedias y surgimiento de los espacios locales (1999)
Diccionario enciclopédico de las plantas útiles del Perú (1999), Centro Bartolomé de Las Casas,
Biodiversidad y ambiente en el Perú (2000)
El medio ambiente en el Perú (2000)
Ecología del Perú (2000)
Perú maravilloso (2002)
Legado del Perú andino (2002)
Perú: diez mil años de domesticación - plantas y animales domésticados - láminas didácticas (2003)
Perú: diez mil años de domesticación (2003)
Perú: País de bosques (incluyen fotografías hechas por el autor) (2009)
References
External links
1940 births
2014 deaths
Peruvian people of German descent
Peruvian Ministers of the Environment
People from Pasco Region
University of Würzburg alumni
Georgios Koutsoupias (; born 11 February 1974) is a Greek retired footballer.
Personal life
Their son Ilias Koutsoupias is now a professional footballer.
References
Greek footballers
Living people
Association football defenders
1974 births
SK Sturm Graz players
Footballers from Agrinio
Omar Hamadi Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Bologhine, Algiers, Algeria. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of USM Alger. The stadium has a capacity of 12,000 people.
History
The stadium was built in 1919 as the home ground for l'Association Sportive Saint Eugénoise. It was known as the Stade communal de Saint Eugène.
In 1957, the third platform will be built, consisting of two superimposed stands on the south side, arched and connecting the two original stands, this new platform will give a modern look at the municipal stadium.
After the independence of Algeria in 1962, the stage of St. Eugene will be called Bologhine new name for the town.
The upper gallery of the stadium was severely damaged at the piers during the 1980 El Asnam earthquake (currently Chlef) and has since remained off limits to the public and eventually – after endless work – being demolished in 2003.
In 1998, Bologhine stadium was renamed Omar Hamadi, a former leader of the club and revolutionary (he was sentenced to death during their country's war of independence) and who was tragically killed along with their two son at Bouzareah (Algiers) by a terrorist group in 1995.
In 2000 a new stand was built to expand the home stadium capacity, and spent 8,000 to 10,000 spectators, USM Alger club that holds the concession for the stadium has also invested in the development of infrastructure necessary for recovery and training for players: sauna, gym and restaurant.
External links
StadiumDB page
stade bologhine usmalger
References
Omar Hamadi
Buildings and structures in Algiers Province
Multi-purpose stadiums in Algeria
Sport in Algiers
"Ten Commandments" is a hip hop song by Lil' Mo featuring Grammy Award–winning rapper Lil' Kim from the former's sophomore effort, Meet the Girl Next Door (2003). Although Elektra Records had announced in December 2002 that the song would be released as Meet the Girl Next Door's second single, plans for the release never followed resulting in a promotional "street" release a month prior to the release of Meet the Girl Next Door.
Background
The song features a distinctive sample of The Notorious B.I.G.'s "10 Crack Commandments," featuring production by DJ Premier. The Biggie sample was also used in reference for Lil' Kim's feature, much similar to another single ("Let It Go") which would follow the same concept four years later. When asked on the meaning of the song, Lil' Mo told MTV News: "...[It was] to let [ladies] know how to keep your man. Stop telling all your homegirls all your business and problems. The ones that be like, 'Girl, they ain't no good' are the main ones trying to holla [at your man], 'So, you gonna call me?' Sometimes you have to think for yourself." In addition, Lil' Mo told Honey magazine that Lil' Kim's feature was the "perfect match" for the song.
Critical reception
The song received generally mixed reviews. While critics praised the song for its "set of rules" and dubbed it as an anthem in its own right, others like Donnie Kwak of Vibe magazine were divided over the song's theme and sample. Kwak criticized the song's composition as a "dull relationship advice column," and its use of sampling Biggie's "10 Crack Commandments," as "breaking an essential Hip-Hop Commandment: Thou shall not tarnish a classic." However, Kwak praised Lil' Kim's feature by remarking, "Kim's verse saves the day," while criticizing Lil' Mo's vocals by stating, "Mo should stick to hooks." By contrast, another Vibe editor, Akiba J. Solomon, called in Hilda Hutcherson, M.D. to list advice in examination of the song's synopsis and lyrical structure. Throughout the examination, Hutcherson opposed more than half of the song's "Ten Commandments," and listed full explanatorily advice for each of the song's "commandments."
Track listing
12" vinyl
"Ten Commandments" (Amended Version)
"Ten Commandments" (Album Version)
"Ten Commandments" (Instrumental)
"Ten Commandments" (Amended A cappella)
Chart performance
References
2002 songs
2003 singles
2003 songs
Lil' Mo songs
Lil' Kim songs
Songs written by Lil' Mo
Elektra Records singles
Songs written by Lil' Kim
Jan de Koning (born October 7, 1949, in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer, scout and manager. They played as a forward. After working as assistant technical director at Liverpool F.C.'s Academy, they now scout for Portsmouth F.C. in Europe.
Player
In their playing career, de Koning played for Ajax, Vitesse Arnhem, Lokeren, and Cercle Brugge. De Koning also regularly played for the Netherlands U18 and U21 national teams. During their career de Koning played with many of renowned players such as Johan Cruyff, Ruud Krol, Johan Neeskens, Arie Haan and Johnny Rep.
After their playing career de Koning spent time in their family's scrap metal business while achieving their coaching qualifications in the Netherlands. In 1990, after receiving all of their coaching qualifications, de Koning was asked to join Ajax by Louis van Gaal to develop young talent. During their time at Ajax they trained some internationally known players such as Wesley Sneijder, Rafael van der Vaart, Johnny Heitinga and Dave Van den Bergh. Van der Vaart later stated in a Dutch TV interview that de Koning was the best coach they ever had.
Scout
De Koning also is renowned for their eye for talent. In 1994, #10 of Top Sport Group, and later ISM International brought them in as a talent scout. During the following eight years de Koning oversaw the transfer of several big-name players between clubs, notably Cristian Chivu. Chivu was bought by Ajax on de Koning's recommendation for 2.5 million euros and later sold to AS Roma for 20 million euros. In 2002, de Koning scouted for Premier League clubs in England, working with Sunderland, Newcastle United, and for Ray Clarke at Southampton.
Manager
Later in 2003, de Koning was yet again asked for help, this time from ex-Ajax footballer Piet Hamberg. Over the next two years, Hamberg and de Koning managed Al Jazira Club (United Arab Emirates) and Ettifaq FC (Saudi Arabia).
In 2005, the Stoke City F.C. board appointed Arnor Gudjohnsen to find a new manager. Their nomination was Jan de Koning, but they did not want to be No 1, so suggested their friend, the former Holland midfielder Johan Boskamp. de Koning served as assistant manager under Boskamp. De Koning was twice suspended by Stoke due to disagreements within the management team. They were sacked by Stoke in April 2006.
During 2006 de Koning once again worked with Ray Clarke, serving as head scout for Celtic, until 2007 when they joined Piet Hamburg at Liverpool's Academy.  They are now scouting for Portsmouth, concentrating on Holland, Belgium and Germany.
References
External links
Profile & statistics - Lokeren
Statistics - Cercle
1949 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
AFC Ajax players
SBV Vitesse players
K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen players
Cercle Brugge K.S.V. players
Belgian First Division A players
Footballers from Amsterdam
Stoke City F.C. non-playing staff
Dutch football managers
Association football forwards
The March 811 is a Formula One car built by March Engineering and used by RAM Racing in the 1981 Formula One World Championship. Designed by Robin Herd, Gordon Coppuck, and Adrian Reynard, it was powered by the traditional Ford-Cosworth DFV V8 engine. It initially used Michelin tyres, but eventually switched to Avon tyres at the 1981 French Grand Prix. It was March's first Formula One car since 1977.
Background
The March 811 was designed on behalf of RAM Racing.
RAM Racing was a British racing team that had been involved in various motorsport classes since 1975. In the second half of the 1970s, the team's focus was on the Aurora AFX Formula One Series, an all-British championship run under Formula One regulations. RAM won the championship title of this series in the 1980 season. In the Formula 1 World Championship, on the other hand, RAM initially only competed sporadically. In 1976, 1977, and 1980 it used race cars from other manufacturers such as Brabham, March, and Williams, which were purchased or rented, as a pure customer team at selected Grand Prix events. After RAM with the racer, Emilio de Villota won the Aurora Series in 1980, team manager John Macdonald decided to take part in the Formula 1 World Championship regularly from 1981. Unlike in the Aurora series, the use of customer chassis was not (any longer) permitted there; rather, each team had to construct its own racing car. In the fall, however, RAM did not have the logistical and technical requirements for the construction of a Formula 1 car.
The team, therefore, linked up with British racing car designer Robin Herd, who had been one of the founders of March Engineering in 1969 and was still one of the owners of the established racing car manufacturer. Herd and RAM founded the company March Grand Prix in the fall of 1980, which was legally and organizationally independent and had nothing to do with March Engineering. A technology transfer with March Engineering, where Formula 2 cars were still being manufactured, did not take place. The cars were eventually assembled at March Engines, another independent company also owned by Robin Herd.
For reasons of better publicity, the car that Herd designed for RAM was given the type designation "March", and the model designation 811 also followed the nomenclature customary at March Engineering, according to which the first two digits documented the year of manufacture and the third digit the racing formula, for whom the car was intended. In motorsport literature, the March 811 (just like its successor 821 ) is not seen as a member of the traditional March family; Rather, they are occasionally described as "March who was no March," [4] .
RAM Racing reported under the name March Racing Team for the races of the 1981 Formula 1 season.
Construction: "March builds a Williams"
Conceptually, the March 811 was a copy of the Williams FW07, which in turn was heavily based on the Lotus 79. Observers emphasized this in the formulation: "March is building a Williams." Over the course of the year, the basic construction was "tinkered with". One after the other three designers worked on the car, pursuing different philosophies. Robin Herd, the author of the design, was followed for a few weeks by Gordon Coppuck, who was replaced by Adrian Reynard in the early summer of 1981.
The 811 was considered a very simply constructed car, had an aluminum monocoque and sheet piling made of magnesium. Robin Herd used internal torsion bar springs front and rear. The drive was a naturally aspirated Cosworth (DFV) engine, which was connected to a five-speed gearbox from Hewland (type FGA). The brakes came from AP, the tyres initially from Michelin, and later, from the French Grand Prix onwards, from Avon. Observers got the impression that the Avon tyres improved the handling of the 811.
Since Herd, unlike Patrick Head at Williams, did not use expensive but lightweight plastics for the 811, the weight of the first three chassis was 632 kg, well above the minimum permissible weight. Coppuck tried to reduce weight by using thinner aluminum sheets. This increased the torsional flexibility of the 811: the monocoque of chassis 04 and 05 warped when driving. Only the sixth chassis, which made its debut at the British Grand Prix, reached the minimum weight of 580 kg.
Criticism of March 811
John Macdonald, RAM Racing team boss, and client of the 811 was disappointed with the race car: “When I saw March GP doing a copy of a Williams, I knew they weren't serious. A copy is never as good as the original." [4] Herd did it "in March's typical way: They cut corners and corners instead of using the same material as Williams." Outside observers felt that the March 811 was not only poorly designed but also poorly assembled. On the occasion of the Brazilian Grand Prix, in which suspension parts fell off the car, team boss John Macdonald told the press: "This car is a pile of shit, and that's official". [10] Derek Daly described the vehicle as a "sleeper" and named the lack of quality as the main reason to leave the team for Theodore the following season.
Production
March Engines built six examples of the March 811 between January and June 1981.
The individual chassis
Chassis 811 RM01 was the prototype and the heaviest chassis of the entire series. It was initially not intended for racing use. Nevertheless, the works team reported it for Derek Daly for two races after the originally intended use chassis (RM02) suffered considerable damage at the Brazilian Grand Prix. [10]
Derek Daly used chassis 811 RM02 in the first two World Championship rounds of the year. It was later temporarily replaced by the RM01 and RM05 chassis.
Chassis 811 RM03 was identical to RM02. It was the first emergency vehicle for Daly's teammate Eliseo Salazar. After four races it was replaced by the RM04 chassis.
Chassis 811 RM04 was a replacement for 811 RM03. It was lighter but much more flexible. It appeared in the Belgian Grand Prix and was driven twice by Salazar and then in two more races by Daly.
Chassis 811 RM05 essentially corresponded to the RM04. It was also very flexible and was used only twice by Daly before taking over from Salazar's RM04 at the Spanish Grand Prix. In early 1982, the British racing team Colin Bennett Racing took over the RM05. They entered the car in three rounds of the 1982 British Formula One Championship in the spring of 1982 and in two rounds of the Can-Am Championship in the summer. The driver was Val Musetti. The car was then sold to Canadian team Gordon Lightfoot Racing, who entered it in four Can-Am races for John Graham.
The RM06 is the last example of the 811 series. Based on the work of Adrian Reynard, it was again lighter but also more rideable than the previous examples. RM06 appeared at the British Grand Prix and was driven by Daly until the end of the season. This car was also taken over by Colin Bennett Racing in 1982.
Overview: Use of the individual chassis in the 1981 Formula 1 season
Racing inserts
Formula One World Championship
In the 1981 Formula 1 season, the March 811s were used by the March Grand Prix team , which was in fact Team RAM Racing. The racing team was sponsored by the Irish brewery Guinness for most of the year's races . The cars were painted black with white sponsor lettering.
The team started the season with two riders. For the first car, RAM committed the Chilean Formula 1 debutant Eliseo Salazar . Robin Herd wanted to give the second car to the Italian Teo Fabi ; However, RAM team boss John Macdonald pushed through the Irishman Derek Daly . Macdonald later publicly regretted this choice. [9]
The team debuted at the 1981 South African Grand Prix , a race that did not have World Championship status. For political reasons, only the teams organized in the FOCA started here; Ferrari , Alfa Romeo , Osella and Renault were absent. In a field of just 18 riders, Daly finished 11th and last; Salazar retired after 18 laps due to a gearbox failure.
Five weeks later, the World Championship began with the US West Grand Prix . Salazar was entered for the first six World Championship races. They only qualified for the San Marino Grand Prix ; in all other races they failed in qualifying or pre-qualification. In Imola they retired after completing 38 laps due to an engine defect. After two more non-qualifications, Salazar gave up their involvement with RAM and joined rival team Ensign along with their sponsor . After Salazar's departure, the second March chassis was not reassigned; the team continued the season with just one car.
Daly contested all races of the 1981 season for RAM. At the beginning of the season they drove the chassis RM01, RM02 and RM03 twice. They did not qualify with any of the chassis. Only when they took over the RM04 chassis previously used by Salazar for the Spanish Grand Prix did they qualify for a race for the first time. In Spain they finished 16th, five laps down. From the British Grand Prix Daly had access to the new Adrian Reynard revised RM06 chassis fitted with Avon tyres. With the new chassis, Daly (apart from the last race of the season in Las Vegas) regularly the qualification. Their best grid position was 17th in Great Britain; here they achieved the best result of the team this year with seventh place. However, the car continued to be unreliable. Four failures were due to technical defects.
RAM Racing didn't score a championship point with the March 811.
1982 British Formula One Championship
Colin Bennett Racing entered the 811 RM05 in the British Formula One Championship with Italian driver Val Musetti in the first half of 1982. The championship consisted of five races held on British circuits. During the year, seven teams with a total of 10 drivers took part in the series. Musetti contested the first three races of the season. At the International Gold Cup in Oulton Park , Musetti failed due to technical reasons. The subsequent Caribbean Airways Trophy at Brands Hatch , in which only six riders competed, Musetti finished third, and at the Rivet Supply Trophy at Thruxtonhe finished second. Musetti skipped the remaining two races of the British Formula 1 Championship.
1982 Can-Am series
Colin Bennett Racing
In the summer of 1982, Colin Bennett Racing left the British Formula 1 championship and instead became involved in the North American Cam-Am series. Vehicles with 5.0-liter eight-cylinder engines derived from standard engines were permitted there, as were Formula 1 cars with 3.0-liter racing engines. Colin Bennett Racing competed in two races in this series in the summer of 1982. The team reported the March 811 RM05 for Val Musetti and the 811 RM06 for Arnold Glass. The team debuted at the fourth race of the season at Elkhart Lake . Musetti qualified as the best driver with a 3.0-liter car for ninth place on the grid. They did not finish the race because the power transmission broke on the ninth lap. Glass started the race from position 28 and finished 17th. [13]In the subsequent race in Trois-Rivières, Canada, Glass failed to qualify while Musetti finished 12th on the grid. Musetti did not finish this race either. [14] Colin Bennett Racing then gave up participation in the Can-Am series.
Gordon Lightfoot Racing
After the Trois-Rivières race, Colin Bennett sold the March 811 RM05 to the Canadian team Gordon Lightfoot Racing. It started with John Graham in the last four races of the season. Graham finished all races. Their best finish was eighth in the final race at Laguna Seca Raceway.
1981 Season
The car proved not very competitive, never reaching the points and often having difficulty in qualifying. The best result was a seventh-place finish with Derek Daly at the British Grand Prix.
In addition to Daly, the car was entrusted to the Chilean Eliseo Salazar, who however was never able to qualify. Only one car entrusted to the Irish driver was lined up from the Spanish Grand Prix.
The March team, unfortunately, finished the 1981 Formula One World Championship season with 0 points.
References
March Formula One cars
BankUnited, Inc., with total consolidated assets of $36.3 billion at March 31, 2022, is a bank holding company with one wholly owned subsidiary, BankUnited, collectively, the Company. BankUnited, a national banking association headquartered in Miami Lakes, Florida, provides a full range of banking services to individual and corporate customers. The Bank also provides certain commercial lending and deposit products on a national platform. The Company offers a range of traditional banking products and services to both commercial and retail customers. BankUnited is one of the largest banking institutions in the United States.
BankUnited, Inc. was organized by a management team led by John A. Kanas and was initially capitalized with $945.0 million by a group of investors including W.L. Ross, Blackstone Group, The Carlyle Group and Centerbridge Partners. On May 21, 2009, BankUnited acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed all of the non-brokered deposits and substantially all other liabilities of BankUnited, FSB, from the FDIC in the FSB Acquisition. On February 2, 2011, the Company completed its IPO.
The bank offers a broad range of online services, treasury management tools for businesses and traditional depository and lending products.
External links
Official Website
References
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Banks established in 1984
Banks based in Florida
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2009
Re-established companies
Private equity portfolio companies
Companies based in Miami
The Carlyle Group
Companies based in Coral Gables, Florida
Rob O'Regan is an Australian barrister and a former Chairman of the Queensland Criminal Justice Commission. They were named chairperson of the Australian Red Cross in 2001.
In 1998 they were asked by the Australian Cricket Board to head an inquiry into cricket corruption. Their report concluded that cricket players were not well informed about their responsibility to uphold the spirit of the game, and although they disagreed with the punishments given to Shane Warne and Mark Waugh in response to their dealings with "John the bookmaker," they ruled that they could not be punished twice over the incident.
See also
Betting controversies in cricket
References
Living people
Australian barristers
Australian people of Irish descent
Australian Queen's Counsel
People from Queensland
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a Japanese racing driver who currently competes in the Super Formula Championship and Super GT with Team Mugen Team Goh and Modulo Nakajima Racing respectively.
Career
Early career
Otsu started their motorsport career in karting in 2007, in which they remained active until 2010. In 2013, they switched to formula racing to participate in the Suzuka Circuit Racing School Formula, which is only intended to train drivers. In 2014, they competed in the JAP Japanese Formula 4 Championship and finished fifth in the FC class. In 2015, they made the move to the new Japanese Formula 4 Championship, where they raced as a Honda protégé for the Honda Formula Dream Project team. They took five podiums and finished third in the final standings with 108 points, behind Sho Tsuboi and Tadasuke Makino.
Japanese Formula 3
In 2016, Otsu made the move to the Japanese Formula 3 Championship, racing for the HFDP Racing team. They achieved five points finishes, with fifth place on the Okayama International Circuit as the best result. As a result, they finished tenth in the final standings with 6 points. In 2017, they made the move to the TODA Racing team within the class. During the season, they were on the podium six times before winning the season finale at the Sportsland SUGO. With 79 points, they finished fifth in the final standings behind Mitsunori Takaboshi, Sho Tsuboi, Álex Palou and Ritomo Miyata.
In 2019, Otsu returned to the series race with the ThreeBond Racing team. They took three podium finishes at Autopolis, Fuji Speedway and Twin Ring Motegi, finishing sixth in the standings with 36 points.
Super GT
In 2018, Otsu made their Super GT debut, sharing a Honda NSX GT3 with Ryo Michigami in the GT300 class for the Modulo Drago Corse team that Michigami owned. They achieved a podium finish at Autopolis and were fourteenth in the championship with 24 points.
In 2019, They took a podium place at Fuji with Michigami and finished seventeenth in the championship with 19 points.
In 2020, Otsu made the move to the GT500 class in Super GT, sharing a Honda NSX-GT GT500 with Takuya Izawa for the Modulo Nakajima Racing team. They achieved two pole positions at the Suzuka International Racing Course and Motegi, but were only on the podium at Motegi. With 31 points, the duo finished twelfth in the final standings.
Super Formula
At the end of the year, they made their debut in the Super Formula season finale with the TCS Nakajima Racing team at Fuji, replacing Tadasuke Makino who suffered from meningitis and needed rest. They finished thirteenth in the race.
In 2021 Otsu made their full-time debut in Super Formula with Team Mugen together with Team Goh under the Red Bull colours. They went on to get their first pole position in the series and win the race in the sixth round of the season at Motegi.
Racing record
Career summary
‡ Team standings.
* Season still in progress.
Complete Super Formula results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
* Season still in progress.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Japanese racing drivers
Japanese Formula 3 Championship drivers
Super GT drivers
Super Formula drivers
Nakajima Racing drivers
Mugen Motorsports drivers
Dandelion Racing drivers
The Washington Jewish Film Festival (WJFF), in Washington, D.C., is one of the world's oldest and largest Jewish film festivals. Focusing on Jewish and Israeli issues, the festival has shown hundreds of films ranging both in genre and theme and held in the Aaron & Cecile Goldman Theater in the Washington DC Jewish Community Center and other cinemas in Washington and suburban Maryland and Virginia. The festival was founded by Aviva Kempner in 1989 and has successfully run for over twenty years and is presented by the Washington DCJCC's Morris Cafritz Center for the Arts.
Mission
Promote the preservation of Jewish culture and a diversity of narratives. The Festival provides a forum for films with Jewish themes that most often do not otherwise find a place for public exhibition in the Washington, D.C. area. Many of the films we screen only have a life on the Festival circuit and in specialty DVD-release meaning that attendees have the opportunity to experience rarely seen films.
Encourage Innovation and vitality within Jewish culture. The festival highlights films that place Jewish themes in new contexts or challenge long-held assumptions. The WJFF is at the forefront of presenting films that provide a constructive critique of Jewish identity and reconsider major cultural guideposts such as Zionism, the Holocaust and assimilation as well as the place of women, homosexuals and other people of diverse backgrounds and lifestyles in Jewish life and tradition.
Expose the widest possible audience to a low-cost, low barrier entry to the Jewish culture. Because the Jewish Diaspora has interacted with numerous host cultures over the course of its long history, the Festival seeks out films that examine some aspect of the Jewish experience, which often act as a prism through which to view multiple cultures. The festival is also dedicated to presenting films which will engage a wide audience at the lowest possible cost.
Provide a forum for audiences to interact with filmmakers and for filmmakers to receive feedback. Filmmakers attending the Festival engage in open and energetic dialogue with the Festival's audience. Through the works-in-progress program for uncompleted projects, the Festival provides new and veteran filmmakers opportunities to screen works-in-progress portions of their films for an audience at a critical point in their creative process.
Staff, Council, and Committee
As of 2018 the WJFF is led by individuals following below:
WJFF Staff
Director: Ilya Tovbis
Associate Director of Operations: Kaitlin Whitman
Outreach and Communications Manager: Alexis Rodriguez
Administrative Coordinator: Carolyn Hoehner
WJFF Film Council
Co-Chairs: Dina Gold and Sid Moskowitz
Patty Abramson
Michele Berman
Anne Clemons
Ed Cohen
Sara Cohen
Myrna L. Fawcett
Stephanie Flack
Morgan Greenhouse Genderson
Margie Hoffman
Joy Midman
Eric Siegel
Sue-Ann Siegel
Barbara Silverstein
Richard Solloway
Diana Wattenberg
WJFF Advisor and Founder: Aviva Kempner
WJFF Year-Round is the year-round exhibition arm of the Washington Jewish Film Festival, presenting entertaining and thought-provoking features, documentaries, and shorts from around the world on a (approximately) weekly basis at the Aaron & Cecile Goldman Theater at the Edlavitch DCJCC. Most screenings are accompanied by speakers, including filmmakers and scholars.
Films
Heading Home: The Tale of Team Israel, a 2018 documentary film about the underdog Israel national baseball team competing for the first time in the World Baseball Classic, won the Audience Award for Best Documentary at the 2018 Washington Jewish Film Festival.
References
External links
Official website
Film festivals in Washington, D.C.
Jewish film festivals in the United States
Jews and Judaism in Washington, D.C.
Film festivals established in 1989
The Daily FT or the Daily Financial Times is a daily English-language newspaper published in Colombo, Sri Lanka, by Wijeya Newspapers.
Its sister newspaper The Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka) and its Sunday counterpart Sunday Times are among the important newspapers in Sri Lanka.
See also
Lankadeepa, Sinhala-language sister newspaper
Tamil Mirror, Tamil-language sister newspaper
Notes
External links
Daily FT – Official Website
Daily Mirror – Official Website
Sunday Times – Official Website
Daily newspapers published in Sri Lanka
English-language newspapers published in Sri Lanka
Newspapers established in 2010
Wijeya Newspapers
Mass media in Colombo
The 1980 African Cup of Champions Clubs was the 16th edition of the annual international club football competition held in the CAF region (Africa), the African Cup of Champions Clubs. It determined that year's club champion of association football in Africa.
The tournament was played by 31 teams and was used a playoff scheme with home and away matches. Canon Yaoundé from Cameroon won that final, and became for the third time CAF club champion.
First round
|}
1
Second round
|}
Quarter-Finals
|}
Semi-Finals
|}
Final
Champion
{| width=95%
|- align=center
|African Cup of Champions Clubs 1980 Canon YaoundéThird title'|}
Top scorers
The top scorers from the 1980 African Cup of Champions Clubs are as follows:
External links
Champions' Cup 1980 - rsssf.com''
1980 in African football
African Cup of Champions Clubs
Glyphipterix simpliciella, the cocksfoot moth, is a species of moth of the family Glyphipterigidae.
Distribution
This quite common species can be found in the western part of the Palearctic realm and is common in much of Great Britain and Ireland.
Habitat
These small moths mainly inhabit flower meadows, especially with buttercup and there are often many on one flower.
Description
Glyphipterix simpliciella has a wingspan of 6–9 mm. and can reach a length of 3–4 mm. These tiny cryptic moths have dark brown forewings with a slightly metallic sheen. They also show a black apical spot and five white or silvery streaks along their costa, two across the dorsum and one in the posterior corner of the wings. The hindwings are dark grey, with grey cilia. Both sexes are similar.
This species is rather similar to Glyphipterix equitella and Glyphipterix schoenicolella.
Biology
It is a univoltine species. Adults are on wing from May to July. They fly in the sunshine and especially feed on nectar of buttercup (Ranunculus species), Crataegus monogyna, Euphorbia esula, and of various Apiaceae species (especially Leucanthemum vulgare).
The larvae feed on the seeds of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata), tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea) and Festuca pratensis. They later pupate in the stem.
Gallery
References
External links
Microlepidoptera
Commanster
Glyphipterigidae
Moths described in 1834
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by James Francis Stephens
Minuscule 623 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 173 (von Soden), is a Greek diglot minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. It is dated by a colophon to the year 1037. The manuscript is lacunose. Tischendorf labeled it by 156a and 190p.
Description
The codex contains the text of the Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, Pauline epistles on 187 parchment leaves (size ) with one lacuna (Acts 1:1-5:4). The text is written in two columns per page, 43-44 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the (chapters), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the (titles of chapters) at the top of the pages.
It contains Prolegomena, tables of the (tables of contents) before each book, lectionary markings (for liturgical use), subscriptions at the end of each book, , and Euthalian Apparatus. The Pauline epistles have a commentary.
The order of books: Book of Acts, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles. On the list of the Pauline epistles, the Hebrews is placed before First Epistle to Timothy.
Text
The Greek text of the codex Aland placed it in Category III.
Ending of the Epistle to the Romans has omitted verse 16:24 (as in codices Codex Sinaiticus A B C 5 81 263 1739 1838 1962 2127 itz vgww copsa,bo ethro Origenlat).
In 1 Corinthians 3:3 it reads ἔρις διχοστασία for ἔρις καί διχοστασίαι (p46, D, 33, 88, 104, 181, 326, 330, 436, 451, 614, 629, 1241). Other manuscripts have reading ἔρις (𝔓11, א, B, C, P, Ψ, 81, 181, 630, 1739, 1877, 1881, it, vg).
History
The manuscript was written in the city Reggio for the wish of Nicolas Archbishop of Calabria by the cleric Theodore from Sicily. Formerly it was held in Grottaferrata.
The manuscript was examined by Zacagni, Johann Jakob Wettstein, Johann Jakob Griesbach, and Johann Martin Augustin Scholz. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scholz. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886.
Formerly, it was labeled by 156a and 190p. In 1908 Gregory gave the number 623 to it.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Vatican Library (Vat. gr. 1650), at Rome.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
Johann Martin Augustin Scholz, Biblisch-kritische Reise in Frankreich, der Schweiz, Italien, Palästine und im Archipel in den Jahren 1818, 1819, 1820, 1821: Nebst einer Geschichte des Textes des Neuen Testaments (Leipzig, 1823), pp. 99–100.
Kirsopp Lake & Silva Lake, Dated Greek Minuscule Manuscripts to the Year 1200, Boston VII, 283.
Bruce M. Metzger, Manuscripts of the Greek Bible (Oxford and New York, 1981), p. 35.
External links
Minuscule 623 (GA) at the Encyclopedia of Textual Criticism
Greek New Testament minuscules
11th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts of the Vatican Library
Eucalyptus cornuta, commonly known as yate, is a tree species, sometimes a mallee and is endemic to the southwest of Western Australia. It has rough, fibrous bark on all or most of its trunk, smooth bark above, mostly lance-shaped adult leaves, elongated flower buds in groups of eleven or more, yellowish flowers and cylindrical to cup-shaped fruit. It is widely cultivated and produces one of the hardest and strongest timbers in the world.
Description
Eucalyptus cornuta is a tree that typically grows to a height of with a crown wide, sometimes a mallee to , and forms a lignotuber. New stems may fork out from the trunk or the lignotuber or multiple main stems may replace a single trunk in older specimens. It has rough, fibrous, brown to almost black bark on all or part of its trunk, smooth greyish bark above. Young plants and coppice regrowth have egg-shaped to more or less round leaves long, wide and paler on the lower surface. Adult leaves are arranged alternately, the same glossy green on both sides, usually lance-shaped, mostly long and wide on a petiole long. The flower buds are arranged in groups of eleven or more on a rounded to flattened, unbranched peduncle long, the individual buds usually sessile. Mature buds are elongated, long and wide with a horn-shaped operculum between four and seven times as long as the floral cup. Flowering occurs between January and May or from July to November and the flowers are yellowish green. The fruit is a woody cylindrical to cup-shaped capsule long and wide with the seeds released through slits between the valves.
Taxonomy and naming
Eucalyptus cornuta was first formally described in 1800 by Jacques Labillardière. Labillardière collected the type specimen from granite outcrops on Observatory Island west of Esperance on 13 December 1792 during the Bruni d'Entrecasteaux expedition. The description was published in their book Relation du Voyage à la Recherche de la Pérouse. The specific epithet (cornuta) is a Latin word meaning "horned" or "bearing horns", referring to the operculum of the buds.
The names in the Nyungar language of southwest Australia are mo, yandil, yeit or yate.
Yate is well established as a common name for this widely grown tree, and several other western species of eucalypt are so named: bushy yate E. lehmannii, flat topped yate E. occidentalis, river yate E. macrandra, and warty yate E. megacornuta.
Distribution and habitat
Yate occurs in an area southeast of Busselton to Cape Arid and the islands of the Recherche Archipelago. The species often occurs in isolated stands. In more arid regions near Esperance, it is often at granite outcrops, on deeper and wetter soil at cavities on the rock or the apron beneath the rockface.
The species is found in a large mallee form at coastal areas, or as tall stands in areas of high rainfall and fertile soil of valleys, especially the inland region from Manjimup to the Porongurups. Vigorous early growth and the potential in its lignotuber allow it to generate new stems after fire or as new opportunities emerge in the canopy or surroundings.
The form is similar to the mallee habit of smaller eucalypts in drier regions and its habit is comparable to limestone marlock, E. decipiens, which occurs to the north and east. In favourable habitat a single trunk may attain great height and it is able to compete in tall forests of jarrah (Eucalyptus marginata) and marri (Corymbia calophylla) or any other species except the karri giants in Eucalyptus diversicolor forest.
Uses
Use in horticulture
The tree is sold commercially for use as an ornamental, shade or wildlife habitat. It will tolerate drought, moderate frost, a range of soils and in coastal areas. While it may obtain great height in its natural habitat, the species is successfully planted as a medium or small tree for shade and windbreaks, and as street trees or for highway verges. Well known as a cultivated tree throughout Australia, E. cornuta has also been introduced to California. Ferdinand von Mueller sent seed of the species to Lucknow, where the sapling grew to a height of eight to ten feet within a year and, unlike eucalypts tested, tolerated tropical rain; their 1879 report also noted the successful introduction to Melbourne.
Other uses
This eucalypt produces one of the hardest and strongest timbers in the world and was formerly used for wheel spokes and the shafts of horse-drawn vehicles but most trees of commercial value were logged a long time ago.
References
cornuta
Trees of Australia
Trees of Mediterranean climate
Myrtales of Australia
Eucalypts of Western Australia
Taxa named by Jacques Labillardière
Plants described in 1800
The Gabela akalat (Sheppardia gabela) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is endemic to Angola. The name is in part derived from the town where they were first observed, Gabela.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Gabela akalat
Endemic birds of Angola
Gabela akalat
Gabela akalat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2015–16 season is UD Las Palmas's 32nd season in top-tier, after promotion from La liga 2 the previous season.
Current squad
''The numbers are established according to the official website:www.udlaspalmas.es and www.lfp.es
Youth players
Out on loan
Competitions
Overall
Overview
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Result round by round
Matches
See also
2015–16 La Liga
References
External links
Club's official website
UD Las Palmas seasons
UD Las Palmas
This is a list of members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly from 1998 to 2001:
Although Dave Rugendyke was elected on the Osborne Independent Group ticket, they took their place in the Assembly as an independent, separate from any party grouping.
Though Michael Moore was elected as an independent, they joined Kate Carnell's Liberal government as a minister on 28 April 1998. Despite this, they continued to sit in the Assembly as an independent.
Trevor Kaine resigned from the Liberal Party on 13 May 1998. On 28 May, they announced that they would stand as a representative of the "Canberra Liberals", but then, on 30 July, registered the United Canberra Party, which they represented for the remainder of their term.
Liberal member Kate Carnell resigned from the Assembly on 17 October 2000. The vacancy was filled by Liberal Jacqui Burke.
See also
1998 Australian Capital Territory general election
Members of Australian Capital Territory parliaments by term
21st-century Australian politicians
20th-century Australian politicians
Colombian singer and songwriter Shakira has released 62 music videos, 5 live albums, 8 films, and 4 documentaries.
In 1991, Shakira signed a recording contract with Sony Music Colombia and released their debut album Magia (1991). Three music videos were directed for the album. Only one music video was directed for their second album, Peligro. Shakira has refused to allow the re-release of any videos from their first two albums due to their "immaturity". In 1994, Shakira made their acting debut playing Luisa Maria in the Colombian telenovela El Oasis. Shakira's first major music video was for "Estoy Aquí", directed by Simón Brand, for their third album Pies Descalzos. The video depicts a barn during the various weather seasons, and shows Shakira performing the song, accompanied with a guitar. The following single, "¿Dónde Estás Corazón?", three music videos. Directors for the video included Oscar Azula, Julian Torres, Gustavo Garzón, and Camilo Falcon. Garzón also directed videos for upcoming singles "Pies Descalzos, Sueños Blancos" and "Un Poco de Amor" from the same album, whereas Juan Carlos Martin directed the video for the 1997 single "Se Quiere, Se Mata".
In 2000, Shakira released their first video album, MTV Unplugged. Five videos were directed for Shakira's fourth studio album Dónde Están los Ladrones?. Gustavo Garzón directed videos for "Ciega, Sordomuda", "Inevitable" and "No Creo". Cuban director Emilio Estefan directed the video for "Tú", and Mark Kohr directed "Ojos Así". Austrian film director Francis Lawrence directed both the English and Spanish versions of "Whenever, Wherever", the lead single from their fifth album Laundry Service. The video uses a green screen, and features Shakira surrounded by the earth's natural wonders. The following single, "Underneath Your Clothes" was directed by American photographer Herb Ritts and it was the second to last they directed before their death.
Shakira released two albums in 2005, Fijación Oral, Vol. 1 and Oral Fixation, Vol. 2. Four videos were directed for Fijación Oral, Vol. 1, and three for Oral Fixation, Vol. 2. British director Sophie Muller directed the video for one of Shakira's most successful songs, "Hips Don't Lie", featuring Wyclef Jean. Shakira also made their directing debut, co-directing videos for the singles "Illegal" and "Las de la Intuición", alongside Jaume de Laiguana. In 2006, Shakira starred in the video for them and Beyoncé's collaboration, "Beautiful Liar", which was directed by British director Jake Nava. It was filmed over two days, during the two-week production of B'Day Anthology Video Album. Because of a busy schedule, the production team did not have enough time for the choreography. In 2009, Nava also directed the videos for both the English and Spanish versions of "She Wolfs". The two following singles, Did It Again and Did It Again are directed by Sophie Muller, and "Gypsy" was directed by Jaume de Laiguana.
Marcus Raboy directed videos for all versions of "Waka Waka (This Time for Africa)", which was the official song for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Jaume de Laiguana directed the first three music videos from Shakira's ninth studio album Sale el Sol, and the fourth single, "Addicted to You" was directed by Anthony Mandler. Shakira's tenth studio album, Shakira, spawned five music videos. Joseph Kahn directed the video for "Can't Remember to Forget You", featuring Rihanna, and the solo Spanish version, "Nunca Me Acuerdo de Olvidarte". The music video for "Empire" was directed by Darren Craig, Jonathan Craven and Jeff Nicholas from the Uprising Creative. Four versions of the song "Dare (La La La)" were directed, two by Anthony Mandler and two by Jaume de Laiguana.
Music videos
Video albums
Filmography
Television
Films
See also
Shakira discography
List of songs recorded by Shakira
List of awards and nominations received by Shakira
List of Shakira concert tours
References
Videographies
Videography
Roccanova is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Saadeh v. Farouki, 107 F.3d 52 (D.C. Cir. 1997), was a case decided in the D.C. Circuit that espoused a narrow reading of 28 U.S.C. § 1332(a) in order to limit federal diversity jurisdiction.
Factual background
Saadeh, a Greek citizen living in Maryland, sued Farouki, a Jordanian citizen with permanent resident status in Maryland, over an unpaid debt in federal court. The district court found for Saadeh, and Farouki appealed on the merits.
Decision
The court reversed the judgment, citing that the lower federal court lacked jurisdiction because of a lack of diversity. The court reasoned that 28 U.S.C. §1332(a) was not intended to allow federal jurisdiction over a suit between two non-citizens.
References
External links
1997 in United States case law
Diversity jurisdiction case law
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit cases
Rakesh Sharma (born 1949) was the first Indian astronaut.
Rakesh Sharma may also refer to:
Rakesh Sharma (IAS) (born 1955), Indian business person
Rakesh Sharma (banker) (born 1958), Indian banker
Rakesh Sharma (cricketer) (born 1972), Omani cricketer
Rakesh Sharma (filmmaker) (fl. 2000s–2010s), Indian filmmaker
Mastic Reserve lies at the eastern end of the North Side of Grand Cayman, one of the Cayman Islands, a British Overseas Territory in the Caribbean Sea. It, with the associated Mastic Trail, is managed by the National Trust for the Cayman Islands and is one of the territory's Important Bird Areas (IBAs). It is named after the yellow mastic and black mastic trees which occur in the reserve.
Description
Mastic Reserve is an 834 ha tract of mainly forested land. It is bounded on the south and west by the Central Mangrove Wetland, and on the north by farmland. It encompasses the largest tract of contiguous native dry forest in the Cayman Islands, as well as the highest part of the low-lying island, with an elevation of 18 m. It also includes stands of royal and silver thatch palms as well as abandoned agricultural land, now grassland.
Mastic Trail
The Mastic Trail is based on a traditional footpath that had fallen into disuse. In 1994 and 1995 it was restored and reopened as a 4 km walking track that passes through the reserve, traversing the central part of Grand Cayman from south to north. The southern part includes a 170 m hand-built rock causeway, known as the “Mastic Bridge”, through black mangrove forest.
Birds
The IBA was identified as such by BirdLife International because it supports significant populations of white-crowned pigeons, Cuban amazons, Caribbean elaenias, thick-billed vireos, Yucatan vireos and vitelline warblers. Other birds found in the reserve include West Indian woodpeckers and Caribbean doves.
References
Important Bird Areas of the Cayman Islands
Tropical and subtropical dry broadleaf forests
Hiking trails in the Caribbean
Grand Cayman
Johannes Josefsson (28 July 1883 – 4 October 1968) was an Icelandic Glima champion from 1907 to 1908. They were known for travelling around the world and challenging fighters from different martial arts backgrounds. They wrote an English book about Glima in 1908 titled "Icelandic Wrestling".
Jósefsson was born in the north of Iceland in 1883 and became a champion of Icelandic wrestling at an early age. They competed in Greco-Roman wrestling at the 1908 London Olympics, at the age of 25, and came in fourth. They then traveled the world, ending up in America with Barnum & Baileys Greatest Show on Earth, where they performed as an unarmed contender fighting opponents even armed with knives. Josefsson became a wealthy man from their circus activities and returned to Iceland unscathed in 1927. After their return, they invested more than 1 million Kronor in the Hotel Borg, for many years Iceland's classiest hotel. Josefsson ran the Borg until 1960, when they retired.
References
Bibliography
Jóhannes á Borg: Minningar glímukappans. [Josefsson's memoirs, as told to Stefán Jónsson.] Reykjavik. 1964.
Johannes Josefsson
Johannes Josefsson
Johannes Josefsson
Johannes Josefsson
1883 births
1968 deaths
Danish male sport wrestlers
Icelandic male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Denmark
Wrestlers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Johannes Josefsson
Middle East mythology includes:
Mythologies of the Ancient Near East
Mesopotamian myths
Egyptian mythology
Hittite mythology and religion
Abrahamic religions
Islamic mythology
Jewish mythology
Christian mythology
Mythologies of individual ethnic groups in the Middle East
Religion in pre-Islamic Arabia
See also
Middle Eastern folklore (disambiguation)
Religion in the Middle East
Magdalena Bay () is a long bay in Comondú Municipality along the western coast of the Mexican state of Baja California Sur. It is protected from the Pacific Ocean by the unpopulated sandy barrier islands of Isla Magdalena and Isla Santa Margarita.
Ecology
This bay is particularly noted for the seasonal migration of the California gray whales that come here during winter to calve. The bay is also popular for commercial and sports fishing. Nearby mangrove swamps provide sanctuaries for seabirds. The bay includes the small fishing port of San Carlos, as well as Puerto López Mateos, which provides a good place to observe the whales.
Islands
Sandy barrier islands Isla Magdalena and Isla Santa Margarita separate the bay from the Pacific Ocean. Magdalena, mostly to the north and facing northwest, is a long, slender, segmented island that parallels the coast a few miles north. There is a small settlement, Puerto Magdalena mostly active during whale watching season. The entire island's area is .
Santa Margarita, to the south, parallels the southwest-facing coast and has an area of 314 km². On its inland side is Puerto Cortés, the only settlement on the island, the site of a naval base administered from the 2nd Military Naval Region in Ensenada, Baja California. It has a military-only airstrip and no official registered population.
History
As early as 1837 American whaleships visited the bay to cooper their oil and hunt sperm whales outside the bay. Between 1845–46 and 1865–66, American, as well as a few French, Dutch, and Russian, whaleships hunted gray whales in the bay during their winter calving season. They primarily caught cows and calves, but began catching bulls as the former became scarce. During the peak years from the winters of 1855–56 to 1864–65, an estimated 1,250 gray whales were caught in the bay, with a peak of about 250 whales taken by seventeen vessels in the winter of 1856–57. They also visited the bay to obtain wood, catch fish and turtles, and harvest oysters.
In 1908, an American fleet of sixteen battleships on a cruise around the world, the Great White Fleet, stopped in the Bay and carried out gunnery practice.
In 1912, there were rumors that Japan tried to purchase the harbor from Mexico. Barbara Tuchman's book The Zimmerman Telegram mentions both the German kaiser and the Japanese Emperor as attempting to utilize this bay and perhaps Whale Bay for military naval purposes.
References
External links
Magdalena Bay Shrimp Fishery Improvement Project
Bays of Mexico on the Pacific Ocean
Comondú Municipality
Landforms of Baja California Sur
Islands of Baja California Sur
Phtheochroa issikii is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Japan.
References
Moths described in 1977
Phtheochroa
Locked Out may refer to:
Locked Out (film), a 2006 French film directed by and starring Albert Dupontel
"Locked Out" (song), a 1993 song by rock group Crowded House
See also
Lockout (disambiguation)
is a Japanese footballer who plays as a forward for Shonan Bellmare.
Career statistics
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gunma Prefecture
Association football people from Gunma Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
Association football forwards
J1 League players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Promotion League players
Shonan Bellmare players
FC Sion players
Japanese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Nigar Khudadat qizi Rafibeyli () (1913–1981, Baku) was an Azerbaijani writer and the Chairman of the Writers' Union of Azerbaijan. They were the mother of Anar Rzayev, novel and short-story writer, and wife of famous writer and poet Rasul Rza.
Early life
Nigar Rafibeyli was born on 23 June 1913 in the town of Ganja. Them parents were medical surgeons. Them father, Khudadat Rafibeyli was the first Azeri surgeon who had studied in Europe. In 1919, they were invited to head the Ganja government by the republican government of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, but they were soon arrested at instigation by Armenian bolsheviks and sent to Nargin island, where they were executed by bolshevik soldiers.
Nigar Rafibeyli finished their school in Ganja and moved to Baku for their higher education. They studied at Pedagogical Technical School. They taught at school but always wrote novels. Them first poem called "Chadra" (Veil in Azeri) was published in "Dan Ulduzu" magazine in 1928. In years 1930–1932 they worked in the Azerbaijanfilm studio.
Later years
In 1931, they worked in Azerneshr publishing house as the editor and the translator. Rafibeyli then continued their studies in Moscow Pedagogical University. As they studied in Moscow, their first collection of poems was published in Baku. In years 1937–1939, they worked in Ushaqneshr publishing house. Beginning from 1940, they translated into Azeri many works of famous poets and writers of other nations such as Navai, Schiller, Pushkin, Lermontov, Shevchenko and others. For their great contributions to Azerbaijani literature, they received order of Honour. Many of Nigar Rafibeyli's works were dedicated to romanticism, motherhood, nature, motherland.
Nigar Rafibeyli died on 9 July 1981. One of streets in Baku bears them name.
References
External links
Monument to Nigar Rafibeyli in one of Baku parks
One of Nigar Rafibeyli's poems in English
1913 births
1981 deaths
Azerbaijani novelists
Azerbaijani women novelists
Writers from Ganja, Azerbaijan
20th-century Azerbaijani poets
Azerbaijani women poets
20th-century Azerbaijani novelists
20th-century women writers
Soviet novelists
Soviet poets
San Mateo is a district of the San Mateo canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.
Geography
San Mateo has an area of km² and an elevation of metres. It is located in the coastal lowlands near the central Pacific coast, 31 kilometers east of Caldera Port, 44 kilometers southwest of the provincial capital city of Alajuela and 53 kilometers from the national capital city of San Jose.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, San Mateo had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 3
National Route 131
References
Districts of Alajuela Province
Populated places in Alajuela Province
The Liber Flavus Fergusiorum ("Yellow Book of the Ó Fearghuis"; RIA MS 23 O 48 a-b) is a medieval Irish text (dated to c. 1437-40) authored by the Ó Fearghuis, an Irish medical family of Connacht who were hereditary physicians to the Irish nobility.
Ó Fearghuis
The Ó Fearghuis name was conceived in the 7th century when Saint Máedóc of Ferns baptised and renamed the sons of Ailill, who was a 7th-great-grandson of Niall, High King of Ireland, as per their pedigree recorded in the Lives of Irish Saints, which reads: "Ailill, son of Rechtaide, son of Eitin, son of Felim, son of Caol, son of Áed, son of Ailill, son of Erc, son of Eógan, son of Niall of the Nine Hostages." The brothers mac Ailill thus became Fearghus and Faircheallaigh and were made Saint Máedóc's heirs to Rosinver Abbey and Drumlane Abbey. The Ó Fearghuis were themselves Irish nobility for descent from King Niall, originally based at Roscam, in Clann Fhergail. In the 13th century, they moved to what became County Mayo. In the 14th century, members of the family created the manuscript which came to be known as the Liber Flavus Fergusiorum.
Authorship
The Liber Flavus Fergusiorum was composed at various times by several different scribes of the Ó Fearghuis, the principal one identifying themselves as Aedh. Two translators, Seaán Ó Conchubair and Uidhisdín Mag Raighin, are named in colophons. Ó Conchubair translated a work on the Office of the Dead into Irish, while Mag Raighin translated the Life of John the Evangelist. The book derives its name from the Ó Fearghuis family, whose descendant Dr. John Fergus brought the manuscript from County Mayo to Dublin in the 18th century. Upon their death in 1761, it was held by their daughter, Frances Arabella Kennedy, whose grandson deposited it in the Royal Irish Academy in 1875.
See also
Irish medical families
Irish nobility
References
Sources
Catalogue of Irish manuscripts in the Royal Irish Academy (Dublin, 1933), Fasc. 10: 1254-73.
E.J. Gwynn, "The Manuscript Known as the Liber Flavus Fergusiorum", Proceedings of the RIA 26 C 2, 15-40.
Máire Herbert, "Medieval Collections of Ecclesiastical and Devotional Materials: Leabhar Breac, Liber Flavus Fergusiorum and The Book of Fenagh" in Bernadette Cunningham and Siobhán Fitzpatrick, Treasures of the Royal Irish Academy Library (Dublin, 2009), 33-43.
Diarmuid Ó Laoghaire, "Beatha Eustasius agus Beatha Mhuire Éigipti", Celtica 21 (1990), 489-511.
Diarmuid Ó Laoghaire, "Mary of Egypt in Irish: A Survey of the Sources", in Poppe and Ross, The Legend of Mary of Egypt in Medieval Insular Hagiography (Dublin, 1996), 255-7.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120508201733/http://www.ria.ie/Library/Special-Collections/Manuscripts/Liber-Flavus-Fergusiorum.aspx
http://www.irishtimes.com/ancestor/surname/index.cfm?fuseaction=Go.&UserID=
Medieval literature
Irish-language literature
History of County Mayo
Irish manuscripts
1430s books
The 18th Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, film, and Internet comedy from 1 July 2016 to 31 December 2017.
Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 22 categories determined by votes from the public and industry members.
TV series Kim's Convenience led with a record thirteen nominations followed by the feature Another WolfCop with five. Web series You Got Trumped was the big winner, receiving three Beavers from its four nominations.
Reorganization and awards
The Canadian Comedy Awards (CCA) award excellence in Canadian comedy at home and abroad. Due to a delay in the previous awards season, these awards also covered an 18-month period, from 1 July 2016 to 31 December 2017, in order to return to annual eligibility. This edition of the awards consolidated the number of categories to 22, largely by combining separate male and female performance categories.
Industry members chose the nominees in each category. Each industry member could declare one category as their field of "expertise", giving their nomination and vote in that single category three times the normal weight. After nominations closed, voting was opened for the top five nominees in each category. 13 categories were open to public voting and 9 were exclusively decided by industry members.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Multimedia
Live
Television
Internet
Multiple wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple nominations
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Awards
Awards
Jacob "Jake" Blankenship (born March 15, 1994) is an American track and field athlete who competes in the pole vault. They hold a personal record of for the event, set in 2015. They placed third at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in 2015.
Blankenship won medals at the World Youth Championships in Athletics in 2011 and NACAC Under-23 Championships in Athletics in 2014. They represent Tennessee Volunteers team collegiately and has had top three finishes both indoors and outdoors in NCAA competition, including winning the 2016 Outdoor Championships.
Career
From Blacklick, Ohio, they attended Gahanna Lincoln High School. While there they established a reputation in the pole vault, setting Ohio state records both indoors and outdoors. They gained the William H. Suddarth Athletic Scholarship for their efforts and reached the podium on their international debut, taking the bronze at the 2011 World Youth Championships in Athletics.
They went on to study at the University of Tennessee in 2012 and began to compete collegiately for their Tennessee Volunteers team. Despite being a first-year student, they quickly proved themselves among the top collegiate vaulters in the United States, with a runner-up finish at the Southeastern Conference indoor championships and then a new personal record of for fourth at the NCAA Men's Indoor Track and Field Championships. In their first outdoor meet of the 2013 season, they set an absolute best of to place fourth at the Texas Relays. They won the Penn Relays meet, but performed less well at the main championships that year, coming fifth at the SEC event and 15th at the NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
Blankenship missed most of the 2014 indoor season, but returned to form outdoors with a win at the Penn Relays and a new personal record of to place second at the SEC Championships. They made their first podium at the NCAA Outdoor Championships, placing third. They entered the 2014 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, but failed to record a valid height. They went unmatched at the 2014 NACAC Under-23 Championships in Athletics, however, easily taking the gold medal some thirty centimeters ahead of compatriot Chase Wolfle.
Heading into their third year for the Tennessee Volunteers, they had runner-up placings at both the SEC and 2015 NCAA Indoor Championships, being beaten at the latter competition only by an American collegiate record performance by Shawnacy Barber. Blankenship improved their best to – a mark which ranked them in the top ten athletes indoors globally for the season. They matched that best outdoors at the Texas Relays later two weeks later, again losing to Barber. They then had a string of wins, including the Penn Relays and SEC Outdoor Championships (his first conference title). This was streak was broken at the 2015 NCAA Outdoor Championships, where they were some forty centimeters off their best and finished in sixth.
Blankenship established themselves at the top national level at the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships, taking third place in the open event behind Sam Kendricks and Brad Walker.
Personal bests
Pole vault outdoor – (2015)
Pole vault indoor – (2015)
International competitions
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Sportspeople from Ohio
People from Franklin County, Ohio
American male pole vaulters
Tennessee Volunteers men's track and field athletes
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Andrés Roberto Calonge (born 2 April 1945) is an Argentine sprinter. They competed in the 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Argentine male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Argentina
Athletes (track and field) at the 1967 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Argentina
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kenar Gerd-e Pain (, also Romanized as Kenār Gerd-e Pā'īn) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 207, in 52 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Baba Laouissi (born 6 October 1943) is a former football referee from the African state of Morocco.  They are known for having officiated at the 1988 Olympic football tournament in Seoul, South Korea, as well as 1986 World Cup qualifiers.
References
External links
1943 births
Moroccan football referees
Living people
Olympic football referees
The women's javelin throw event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20 and 22 July. An old specification 600g javelin was used.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 July
Qualifications
20 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 30 athletes from 23 countries participated in the event.
References
Javelin throw
Javelin throw at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Antasari Azhar (born 18 March 1953 in Pangkal Pinang on Bangka Island) is a former chairperson of the Corruption Eradication Commission of Indonesia. They were fired from their position on 11 October 2009 by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono after being convicted of murder. They were granted clemency in early 2017 by President Joko Widodo and released from prison.
Family
Antasari Azhar is the fourth of 15 children born to Azhar Hamid and Asnani. Their father was the head of a tax office in Belitung.
Education
Antasari grew up on Belitung Island. After finishing their elementary school education in 1965, they attended junior and senior high school in Jakarta, graduating in 1971. They then studied at Sriwijaya University, majoring in state management and graduated in 1981. At university, Antasari was the Senate Chairman and Head of the Student Community. They were involved in a demonstration in 1978. Later, as a state prosecutor, they took several courses including Commercial Law at New South Wales University in Sydney, and Environmental Law Investigation at the Environment Protection Authority in Melbourne.
Career
Antasari started their career at the Justice Ministry (1981–1985). Their plan to become a diplomat changed after they were accepted to become a prosecutor at the Central Jakarta State Prosecutor's Office, where they served from 1985 to 1989. Next they were appointed as a prosecutor at Tanjung Pinang State Prosecutor's Office (1989–1992). They then served as Head of the Corruption Investigation Section at the Lampung High State Prosecutor's Office (1992–1994) and later than Head of Special Crimes at the West Jakarta State Prosecutor's Office (1994–1996). Next, they became Baturaja State Prosecutor (1997–1999).
In 1999, Antasari joined the High State Prosecutor's Office, serving as chief investigator of the Special Crimes Sub-directorate (1999–2000). They were subsequently Head of Mass Media Communication (2000) at the High State Prosecutor's Office.
It was as Chief of the South Jakarta State Prosecutor's Office (2000–2007) that they first gained widespread attention in the mass media. In 2000, the Supreme Court sentenced former president Suharto's youngest son Tommy to 18 months in jail for corruption. It was Antasari's job to take Tommy to jail, but instead the former playboy was allowed to go on the run, resulting in speculation that Antasari had been paid off, although this was never proven.
Chairman of Corruption Eradication Commission
The controversy over Tommy Suharto's case did not stop Antasari from being elected Chairman of the Indonesian Corruption Eradication Commission (KPK) in December 2007, defeating Chandra M. Hamzah by 41 votes in the election held by the 49 members of the Indonesian House of Representatives' (DPR) Commission III on legal affairs. Their election victory was attributed to strong lobbying by Golkar Party and the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle (PDIP).
Murder case
On 4 May 2009, Antasari was arrested on suspicion of ordering the murder of Nasrudin Zulkarnaen, a prominent business person who headed a state-owned pharmaceuticals firm, PT Rajawali Putra Banjaran. It was alleged that Nasrudin had been blackmailing Antasari over the latter's extramarital affair with a female golf caddy.
Also arrested in connection with the murder were tycoon Sigid Haryo Wibisono, the former head of Golkar's Central Java chapter and chief commissioner of the Harian Merdeka newspaper; and Senior Commissioner Wiliardi Wizar, the former South Jakarta Police chief. Six men involved in planning and conducting the assassination was also detained. Williardi was accused of hiring the hit squad and Sigid was accused of paying for the hit.
Antasari denied any wrongdoing, claiming they were faithful to their wife, Ida Laksmiwati, of 26 years. They were suspended as KPK chairperson by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
On 11 February 2010, Antasari was convicted of ordering the murder and sentenced to 18 years' imprisonment. They appealed the verdict unsuccessfully.
Clemency
Antasari was granted clemency on 26 January 2017 by President Joko Widodo due to humanitarian reasons.
References
External links
Antasari Azhar Site
Antasari Azhar Profile
Profil singkat di kapanlagi.com
Living people
1953 births
Indonesian politicians
Indonesian people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Indonesia
Politicians convicted of murder
Indonesian people of Malay descent
Indonesian politicians convicted of crimes
ZAMNET Communication Systems Ltd., established in 1994, is primarily a Zambian Internet service provider.
Zamnet was also the domain name registry for the .zm country code top-level domain until that function was delegated to ZICTA in 2014. It now provides only the services of a registrar.
References
Telecommunication companies of Zambia
Telecommunication companies established in 1994
1994 establishments in Zambia
Companies based in Lusaka
Naval Station Holmen () is one of several naval stations of the Royal Danish Navy, supplementing the two Danish naval bases in Frederikshavn and Korsør.
Founded in the late 17th century, it is also a visitor attraction with many historical buildings that has played a vital role in the history of Denmark as well as Copenhagen.
The naval base used to occupy the entire area of Holmen, which was in fact created by a series of landfills to house it, but is now confined to its northernmost island of Nyholm.
Holmen was for many years the base of command for the Danish Naval Flag and has through the times been called Nyholm (which is the name of one of the islands), the Navy's Base and Naval Station or Naval Base, Copenhagen. It was never actually named Naval Station Holmen (Flådestation Holmen), even though many people not in the Navy have used this name. For over 300 years, the facility at Holmen was Denmark's largest employer. Today the Navy only has a single institution left on Holmen. Since the 1990s, the area has been opened to the public.
History
Erik Menved was the first Danish King to establish a naval port in Copenhagen. Later, under the command of Valdemar Atterdag, the fleet was moved to Vordingborg, but Erik of Pommern moved it back to Copenhagen and King Hans built a shipyard in Copenhagen.
Christian IV built a "war port" on Slotsholmen, but the harbour's basin has been filled since and is the site of the Royal Library today. The buildings around the harbour housed supplies for the Navy. As ships started to grow in size, the war port became too small, and the fleet moved to Bremerholm.
Under Christian VI, a dock was established in 1739 at Christianshavn, close to where Strandgade (Beach Street) is today. This dock existed up to 1871 when it was taken over by Copenhagen's Harbor Control, and the docks were filled. The name Gammel Dok (Old Docks) still show where part of the Navy's shipyard was.
Nyholm
Since the city was growing, it was not practical to have the Navy Fleet stationed in the centre of the city. The ships were, of course, built out of wood and were fire hazards. The seamen on the ships simply threw their waste and trash directly into the harbor, which had a negative impact on the city's health.
In 1680, a plan was made to move the fleet out of the city. Responsibility for the plan was given to Admiral Niels Juel. West of a sandbank called Revshalen, old ships were scuttled after being filled with stones. In 1685, a defence wall with seven bastions was built. The bastions still exist today, and in Carls and Wilhems Bastion, one can still see the original black powder depots. These depots are Holmen's oldest buildings, built in 1688 and 1690. The northern bastion was Charlotte Amalies Bastion, and north of these two cannon batteries were established, "Batteriet Quintus" and "Batteriet Neptunus". The latter's name came from the sunken ship which was the foundation for the battery. This battery was later renamed to "Christiani Sixti Batteri", or "Christian the Sixth's Battery", but is known today as "Batteriet Sixtus" or just "Sixtus". The sinking of ships continued, filled with mud from the harbor and the trash from Copenhagen's streets. In certain streets, there was over a meter of trash, so there was plenty to take. This is how the island given the name Nyholm was created.
On Nyholm, the foundation for a new shipyard was created. The first ship which was set to sea from this shipyard was Dannebrog in 1692. This ship was blown up on October the 4th, 1710, in a battle against the Swedes in Køge Bugt. Afterwards, the constructions of all large ships were moved to Nyholm, and on Gammelholm, only smaller ships were built.
After 1692, several ships were built on Nyholm and in 1750, a Danish king, then Frederik V, wore a naval uniform for the first time in connection with the christening of a new ship. In 1807, following the Second Battle of Copenhagen, the English destroyed three ships within the shipyard at Nyholm, but even though these were poor times for the Navy, ship construction continued at Nyholm. The last ship to be launched from Nyholm was launched in 1918, after which ship construction and several other operations were moved to Frederiksholm, which was to the south. The shipyard was separated from the Navy and became a civilian operation with its own director.
Arsenaløen
Holmen's southernmost island is Arsenaløen, or Arsenal Island.
While development on Nyholm was continuing, a little island by the name of Motzmanns Plads, just north of Christianshavn, was bought. Later it was renamed to Christiansholm. A new island was created, with landfill, just east of Christianholm, where a large arsenal was built and finished in 1770. Later, this island was named Arsenaløen and was expanded to the east.
Originally, a main gate existed to Nyholm. Nyholm wasn't just a name for the northernmost island but was the name for the area used by the navy. Access to the area required sailing to Holmen. A ferry sailed to Christiansholm, where one went over a bridge to Arsenaløen. Here, one could go to Nyholm though a gate, which faced the canal between Arsenaløen and Christiansholm. The gate was called "The Kings Gate". It is not visited by many people anymore. This is because in the middle of the 19th century, Arsenaløen formed a land connection with Christianshavn, so a new main entrance was created to Holmen, the so-called Warf Bridge Guard, or Værftsbrovagt. The ferry to Christiansholm stopped and the Kings Gate was no longer used.
Frederiksholm
Around 1750, dumping of dirt and fill created two small islands south of Nyholm, "Ballastøen" and "Ankerøen", along with a larger island, "Langøen". From Nyholm, a bridge was built to Ballastøen and from Ballastøen to Ankerøen and from Ankerøen to Langøen. From Langøen's southern end, a bridge was built to Arsenaløen. This happened in the later part of the 18th century. At this point, all of Holmen's islands were connected. East from Langøen, an atoll was found called "Mudderøen"; the area between Mudderøen (including Mudderøen itself) and Langøen was filled, and "Frederiksholm" was created. This area was supposed to become a residential area for Navy personnel, but this plan was never followed through. Instead, the area became a storage area for ship masts, along with a row of other buildings on the island. After the Gunboat War, slips were made for the storage of cannon ships. When Nyholm, as mentioned, was expanded together with Ballastøen and Ankerøen to present day Nyholm, Ankerøen and Ballastøen were replaced with Ballasø and Ankerø, which were created west of Frederiksholm.
Visitor attractions
Mastekranen
Nyholms Hovedvagt
HDMS Sælen Museum Submarine
Peder Skram Museum Fregate
See also
Holmen
References
Royal Danish Navy
Tourist attractions in Copenhagen
On the Road to Calais is a 1919 song performed by Al Jolson in Sinbad. The music was composed by Al Jolson with the lyrics written by Alfred Bryan. It was published by Jerome H. Remick & Co.
Based on sales estimates, the song reached a peak position of No.5 on the Top 100 US songs of its time.
References
1919 songs
Songs of World War I
Songs about France
Songs about cities
Songs written by Al Jolson
Songs with lyrics by Alfred Bryan
Al Jolson songs
Shabalala may refer to:
Headman Shabalala (1945–1991), member of Ladysmith Black Mambazo, a South African choral group founded by their brother Joseph
Jockey Shabalala (1943–2006), member of Ladysmith Black Mambazo, a South African choral group founded by their brother Joseph
Joseph Shabalala (1941–2020), founder and musical director of the South African choral group Ladysmith Black Mambazo
Lizzie Shabalala, South African politician
Msizi Shabalala (born 1964), member of Ladysmith Black Mambazo, a South African choral group founded in 1960 by their father Joseph
Nellie Shabalala (1953–2002), the wife of Ladysmith Black Mambazo (LBM) leader and founder, Joseph Shabalala, for more than 30 years
Nomvuzo Shabalala (1960–2020), South African politician
Sibongiseni Shabalala (born 1972), member of Ladysmith Black Mambazo, a South African choral group founded in 1960 by their father Joseph
Thamsanqa Shabalala (born 1974), member of Ladysmith Black Mambazo, a South African choral group founded in 1960 by their father Joseph
Thulani Shabalala (born 1968), member of Ladysmith Black Mambazo, a South African choral group founded in 1960 by their father Joseph
Nhlanhla Shabalala (born 1985), South African football (soccer) midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town
See also
Chabalala
Shalala
Surnames of African origin
The Second Form at Malory Towers is a children's novel by Enid Blyton set in an English boarding school. It is the second book in the Malory Towers school story series. The novel was published in 1947 by Methuen Publishing. The first edition was illustrated by Stanley Lloyd, both the dust jacket and the inner illustrations. It has been reprinted 20 times, the most recent being in 2019. The Second Form at Malory Towers has a rating of 4.06 stars on Goodreads.
Plot summary
It is Darrell's fifth term at Malory Towers. Along with most of their classmates, they move up to the Second Form under Form Mistress Miss Parker.
Former Head of Form, Katherine, has moved up to the Third Form and Violet has disappeared from the stories. In their place in North Tower are three new girls: Belinda Morris, Ellen Wilson and Daphne Milicent Turner.
Belinda turns out to be as much of a scatterbrain as Irene and the two are instantly drawn to each other, to the despair of their teachers. Them new schoolfriends, on the other hand, are delighted to discover Belinda's talent for drawing, enabling them to trade many of their chores in return for caricatures of teachers. The reader is given an early hint that Daphne may not be all they seem. On the face of it they are pretty, charming and talks of having a very wealthy family. Gwendoline, vain and snobbish as ever, claims them for a friend.
Ellen is a scholarship girl. A running theme of the book is their increasing bad temper, caused by their worrying about succeeding at Malory Towers and overworking. Sally asks Jean to try and befriend Ellen and help them settle down, but their efforts are rejected. As the term moves on, Ellen becomes increasingly irritable and unwell, and eventually has to spend eleven days in the sanatorium. This makes things worse for them as they worry about missing lessons and falling further behind.
A feud develops between the two Mam'zelles. Each has different ideas about which girls should be cast in two French plays, with Mam'zelle Dupont favouring Daphne and Mam'zelle Rougier having entirely different ideas. Belinda is inspired to draw a set of unkind caricatures of Mam'zelle Rougier, which the French mistress unfortunately sees. Mam'zelle storms off to complain to Miss Grayling, prompting the Second Formers to send a delegation to follow them and apologise. Matters are resolved when Mam'zelle Dupont intervenes, proclaiming their warm friendship with Mam'zelle Rougier and accepting their views on the casting for the French plays.
Meanwhile, Ellen continues to worry about their work and is frustrated when their requests for extra tuition are refused. In despair, they have the idea of cheating by viewing the examination questions in advance. At the same time, personal possessions are going missing. Emily loses a brooch, Katie loses a necklace and Gwen, Mary-Lou and Betty all lose purses. Alicia remembers finding Ellen rummaging in Miss Parker's desk and begins to suspect Ellen of being the thief. They share their suspicions with the other girls and publicly challenges Ellen.
Ellen is shocked at the accusation. Having almost decided to abandon their cheating idea, they are overcome with anger and decides that, if the others believe them to be bad, then they may as well be bad. They sneak downstairs, but disturbs Darrell who follows them and finds them with the exam papers. Darrell loses their temper and a struggle ensues. Darrell accuses Ellen of being a thief and a cheat. After this encounter, Ellen becomes sick with worry and seeks out Matron, who places them in the Sanatorium. In the morning, the other girls believe
Ellen has been expelled.
Mary-Lou offers to post a parcel for Daphne and sets off for the post office in a windy, stormy night. They do not return and Daphne sets off to find them A search party is sent out and both Daphne and Mary Lou are found, clinging to the edge of a cliff. Daphne had prevented Mary-Lou from falling and is regarded as a hero.
Darrell, Sally, Irene and Belinda set off the next day to find Daphne's parcel. It contains the missing purses and jewellery. They report to Miss Grayling and Daphne is revealed as the thief. Miss Grayling is surprised at the girls' belief that Ellen has been expelled and realises there is a problem with Ellen that needs to be resolved.
Miss Grayling speaks to Daphne. They tell them that they have received confidential reports from their previous schools and knows they have a history of stealing and lying about their family's wealth. However, Miss Grayling also tells Daphne that, by their actions, they have proved they have good in them Miss Grayling makes Daphne an offer: if they are to remain at Malory Towers, they must confess everything to the Second Form girls and ask for their support to remain. Daphne does so. The girls decide that Daphne's heroism has earned them another chance. Miss Grayling speaks to Ellen and is relieved that overwork is at the root of their problems.
The term comes to a close, with Mary-Lou and Daphne now firm friends.
Characters
North Tower Second Form girls
Darrell Rivers - the main protagonist of the stories
Sally Hope - Darrell's best friend, solid and dependable
Gwendoline Mary Lacey - spoiled, lazy, boastful and conceited
Alicia Johns - lively and quick-witted, always ready with a sharp-tongued opinion
Jean MacDonald - a jolly, shrewd Scottish girl, able at handling money for various school societies and charities
Mary-Lou - now a little taller, but still timid and "scared looking"
Irene - a scatterbrained girl who excels at music and mathematics
Emily - a quiet and studious girl, clever at sewing
Belinda Morris - a new girl, described as having black curly hair, cut short like a boy
Ellen Wilson - a new girl who is described as tall and thin,
Other girls
Betty Hill - Alicia's best friend in the West Tower
Winnie Toms - considered as a possible Head Girl of the Second Form
Mistresses and Staff
Miss Grayling - Headmistress of Malory Towers. Described as calm, low voiced and grey-haired
Miss Parker - Second Form mistress
Miss Potts - House Mistress of North Tower and mistress of the First Form.
Mam'zelle Dupont - French mistress, described as "short, fat and round," with a jolly temperament
Mam'zelle Rougier - French mistress, described as "thin and sour," with an ill-humoured temperament
Miss Linnie - art mistress
Mr Young - music teacher
Miss Carton - history mistress
Miss Hibbert - English mistress
Matron - North Tower Matron, responsible for the well-being of the girls boarding in North Tower
Other characters
Mr Rivers - Darrell's father, a surgeon
Mrs Rivers - Darrell's mother
Felicity Rivers - Darrell's younger sister
Nurse - assisted Matron in looking after Ellen in the Sanatorium
Gardener - described as a "hefty gardener," a member of the search party sent to find Daphne and Mary-Lou
References
External links
Enid Blyton Society page
Review by Laura Canning from www.enidblyton.net
BBC – h2g2 – 'Malory Towers' – by Enid Blyton
1947 British novels
1947 children's books
Methuen Publishing books
Novels by Enid Blyton
The Women's triple at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, was part of the lawn bowls competition, which took place between 28 and 31 July 2014 at the Kelvingrove Lawn Bowls Centre.
Sectional play
Section A
Section B
Section C
Section D
Knockout stage
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Finals
Gold medal match
Bronze medal match
References
Lawn bowls at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Comm
The Sleeping Volcano (German: Der schlummernde Vulkan) is a 1922 German silent drama film directed by James Bauer and starring Margit Barnay, Hans Mierendorff and Margarete Schön.
Cast
In alphabetical order
Margit Barnay
Friedrich Berger
Hertha Katsch
Hans Mierendorff
Paul Rehkopf
Joseph Römer
Margarete Schön
References
Bibliography
Grange, William. Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic. Scarecrow Press, 2008.
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by James Bauer
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 drama films
German drama films
Silent drama films
George Douglas (birth unknown – death unknown) was a Scottish rugby union and rugby league footballer.
Rugby union
They were capped once for in 1921. They also played for Jedforest RFC.
Rugby league
Douglas transferred to Batley during the 1921–22 season.
Championship Final appearances
George Douglas played left-, i.e. number 11, in Batley's 13–7 victory over Wigan in the 1923–24 Championship Final during the 1923–24 season, at The Cliff, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 3 May 1924, in front of a crowd of 13,729.
County Cup Final appearances
George Douglas played left-, i.e. number 11, in Batley's 0–5 defeat by York in the 1922–23 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1922–23 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 2 December 1922, in front of a crowd of 33,719, and played right-, i.e. number 12, in the 8–9 defeat by Wakefield Trinity in the 1924–25 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1924–25 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds on Saturday 22 November 1924, in front of a crowd of 25,546.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Batley Bulldogs players
Jed-Forest RFC players
Scottish rugby union players
Scottish rugby league players
Scotland international rugby union players
Disneyland Hotel may refer to any of the following properties and/or licensees of The Walt Disney Company:
Disneyland Hotel (California)
Disneyland Hotel (Paris)
Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel
Shanghai Disneyland Hotel
Tokyo Disneyland Hotel
See also
:Category:Hotels in Disney resorts
Pickwick Cricket Club is a Barbados cricket club. The club was founded on 23 November 1882, the second oldest cricket club in Barbados after Wanderers Cricket Club. The club's home from its foundation until 2005 was Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, the main venue for matches involving the Barbados national cricket team and the Barbados venue for Test cricket involving the West Indies cricket team. The ground was built on land on Kensington Plantation leased by the club for a penny per annum. Pickwick club developed Kensington Oval into the finest ground in Barbados and it soon replaced the Wanderers Ground and the Garrison Savanna as the venue for inter-colonial matches.
As a result of the upgrading of Kensington Oval for the 2007 Cricket World Cup, in 2009 Pickwick developed a new home ground—Foursquare Park—in Saint Philip, on land donated by Sir David Seale, the owner of the Foursquare rum distillery.
While cricket is the major sport played by the club, Pickwick once fielded a football team as well as strong men's and women's hockey teams. Notable cricketers from Pickwick CC include two West Indies captains—Teddy Hoad and John Goddard. In more recent times the club has also produced Vasbert Drakes.
In 2005, Pickwick won the Barbados Cricket Association Division One Championship—their first victory in the competition since 1958.
References
External links
Official website
Cricket teams in Barbados
1882 establishments in Barbados
Cricket clubs established in 1882
Club cricket teams
Cricket in Barbados
Bagatelle is a one-act opéra-comique by Jacques Offenbach, with a French libretto by Hector Crémieux and Ernest Blum.
It was first produced on 21 May 1874 at Théâtre des Bouffes Parisiens under the direction of the composer.
Roles
Synopsis
The piece is set in the boudoir of a star of café-concert, Bagatelle. Them maid Finette is having an affair with a clarinetist reduced to playing in the Cirque Fernando band, Pistache. After a performance, Bagatelle is rehearsing a peasant song when an 18-year-old young admirer enters through the window.  They are Georges de Planteville and to ensure they stay together they throw the keys through the window. However Pistache had been hidden in the apartment also; in the morning Finette has to release all three. It emerges that Georges had defended Bagatelle during their show against detractors, so they return their love.
Recordings
Recordings on operadis-opera-discography.org.uk
References
One-act operas
Operas by Jacques Offenbach
French-language operas
Operas
Opéras comiques
1874 operas
The 7th Mechanized Corps was a mechanized corps of the Red Army, formed three times. The corps was first formed in 1934 in the Leningrad Military District and was converted into the 10th Tank Corps in 1938. The corps was reformed in the summer of 1940 in the Moscow Military District and fought in the Battle of Smolensk, after which its headquarters became part of Group Yartsevo's headquarters. The corps was formed a third time in August and September 1943. The third formation fought in the Dnieper–Carpathian Offensive, Uman–Botoșani Offensive, Second Jassy–Kishinev Offensive, Battle of Debrecen, Budapest Offensive, Bratislava–Brno Offensive, Prague Offensive, and the Soviet invasion of Manchuria. Postwar, the corps' third formation became a division and was disbanded in 1957.
History
First Formation
The corps (Military Unit Number 4862) was formed in June 1934 as part of the Leningrad Military District, under the command of Komdiv Mikhail Bakshi. The corps consisted of the 31st Mechanized Brigade and the 33rd Rifle and Machine Gun Brigade, left behind after the transfer of the 11th Mechanized Corps to the Transbaikal Military District, and the new 19th Mechanized Brigade. On 1 January 1936 the corps was equipped with a total of 563 tanks, including 40 BT-2s, 186 BT-5s, 64 BT-7s, 169 T-26 tanks and variants, 68 T-37 amphibious tanks, 33 T-27 tankettes, and three T-18 tanks. Komdiv Mikhail Bukshtynovich led the corps from August 1935 or the end of 1936 until their arrest in 1938. Komdiv Prokofy Romanenko took command of the corps in January 1938. By 1938, the corps headquarters was at Luga. In May 1938 the corps became the 10th Tank Corps and its mechanized brigades became tank brigades.
Second Formation
The corps (Military Unit Number 6850) began forming on 8 July 1940 in the Moscow Military District from the 39th and 55th Light Tank Brigades, and the 1st Motorized Division. The corps headquarters was formed from that of the 57th Rifle Corps. The 14th Tank Division was formed from the 55th Light Tank Brigade and the 18th Tank Division from the 39th Light Tank Brigade. The final prewar locations of the units were: Corps headquarters at Moscow, 14th Tank Division at Naro-Fominsk (Summer camp at Kubinka), 18th Tank Division at Kaluga, the 1st Motorized Division at Moscow (Summer camp at Alabino). The corps was commanded by Major General Vasily Vinogradov.
On 22 June, the German invasion of the Soviet Union, Operation Barbarossa, began. At the time, the corps had a strength of 959 tanks. The corps was put on alert for movement to the front and on 24 June was ordered to join the Reserve of the Supreme High Command in the Gzhatsk District. The corps headquarters, the tanks, and the 12th Tank and 13th Artillery Regiments of the 1st Motorized Division were transported by rail. The remainder of the corps moved by road, led by the remainder of the 1st Motorized Division. While passing through Gzhatsk, the corps received new orders to concentrate at Vyazma. While moving to Vyazma, the corps received new order, directing it to move to Yartsevo and then Smolensk. The final destination of the corps was to be Orsha. On the night of 26 June corps headquarters arrived at Smolensk, but could go no further due to congestion. The 1st Motorized Division took positions west of Orsha. The corps became part of the 20th Army, and without the 1st Motorized Division (which operated separately for the rest of the battle), was ordered to counterattack in conjunction with the 5th Mechanized Corps and advance to Beshankovichy, Lepel, and Senno. On 6 July, the corps had 571 tanks, including 34 KV tanks (from the Kirov plant) and 29 T-34 tanks (from the Kharkov Tank School). Most of its tanks were older types, such as 269 T-26 tanks and 196 BT tanks.
By the time it went into battle, the strength of the corps had been reduced to 428 tanks due to breakdowns. The corps attacked without air support, and with a shortage of fuel, ammunition, and anti-aircraft guns. The 5th Mechanized Corps stopped its advance due to fuel shortages. When the corps reached its starting positions for the counterattack, Vinogradov sent the 14th and 18th Tank Divisions forward without a reserve. The corps advanced 48 to 58 kilometers on 6 July and advanced to the area north and south of Senno, where it ran into the lines of the 7th Panzer Division. The 14th Tank Division lost half of its tanks in an attack on 7 July. The 18th Tank Division was defeated by the 20th Panzer Division and the 20th Motorized Division. After a failed attack on the 17th Panzer Division, the 14th Tank Division began a retreat. Digging in along the Vitebsk-Smolensk road, the 14th Tank Division repulsed attacks by the 12th Panzer Division. The corps withdrew east across the Dnieper to the Orsha region, where it received replacement tanks and new attack orders for 11 July.
The corps was subordinated to the 19th Army. The attack in support of 19th Army south of Vitebsk resulted in the loss of a combined 100 tanks from both the 5th and 7th Mechanized Corps. By 14 July, the 14th Tank Division had been encircled and destroyed around Liozno. The corps was encircled in the pocket between Smolensk and Orsha by 15 July. Corps headquarters and two tank battalions broke out and joined Rokossovsky's group. On 21 July, the corps was ordered withdrawn to the Sukhinichi area as part of the 4th Army and reformed as a tank division. Instead, the corps became part of Rokossovsky's Group Yartsevo, and participated in a counterattack toward Dukhovshchina on 28 July. During the counterattack, the corps captured Svishchevo, south of Yartsevo. The corps headquarters became part of the Group Yartsevo headquarters.
Third Formation
The corps was reformed between 1 August and 30 September 1943 near Solnechnogorsk in the Moscow Military District. The corps was led by Major General Ivan Dubovoy. The corps included the 16th, 63rd, and 64th Mechanized Brigades, and the 41st Guards Tank Brigade. On 15 September, the corps was given its battle flag. The self-propelled gun units of the corps were equipped with the SU-76i. On 1 October, the corps became part of the Steppe Front (later the 2nd Ukrainian Front). On 4 October, the corps was loaded onto trains and ten days later arrived at Kharkov. The corps crossed the Dnieper and on 16 October began an attack in the Piatykhatky area, which it helped capture on 19 October. On 6 November, Dubovoy was wounded and replaced by Major General Fyodor Katkov. From 24 December, the corps fought in the Dnieper–Carpathian Offensive and the Kirovograd Offensive. The corps formed part of the northern shock group during the attack on Kirovograd with the 5th Guards Army. On 5 January the 7th Mechanized Corps and 5th Guards Army broke through the German defenses north of the city. Joined by the 8th Mechanized Corps, the northern shock ground encircled Kirovograd, linking up with the 5th Guards Tank Army. The corps helped capture Kirovograd on 8 January, for which it was thanked by Stavka for its actions. On 15 January the corps was awarded the Order of the Red Banner for its actions.
During March and April 1944, the corps fought in the Uman–Botoșani Offensive. On 17 March it helped capture Novoukrainka. On 18 March the corps received the honorific "Novoukrainka" for helping to capture Novoukrainka and Pomichna. The corps fought in the capture of the northern part of Odessa Oblast and advanced to the Dniester. The corps fought in the capture of Pevomaiske on 22 March, for which it received thanks from Stavka. In August, the corps fought in the Second Jassy–Kishinev Offensive. The corps supported the main attack of the 3rd Ukrainian Front on the west bank of the Dniester.
During the offensive it crossed the Prut. On 22 August it was thanked by Stavka for breaking through heavily fortified defenses south of Bender and capturing Căușeni, Cimișlia, and Tarutyne. In early September, the corps fought in the capture of Romania and Bulgaria. On 9 September the corps received the Order of Suvorov 2nd class for breaking through defenses south of Bender and helping to capture Chișinău. On the same day the corps was thanked by Stavka for occupying Shumen. From 6 to 28 October, the corps fought in the Battle of Debrecen. The corps became part of the 2nd Ukrainian Front for the operation. On 12 October, it captured Oradea, for which it received thanks from Stavka. On 20 October it helped capture Debrecen, for which it received thanks from Stavka.
From 29 October, the corps fought in the Budapest Offensive. The corps attacked Székesfehérvár on 22 December alongside the 20th and 31st Guards Rifle Corps. At the time the corps had a strength of 107 tanks and assault guns. On 23 December it helped capture Székesfehérvár. In January, the corps received T-34/85 tanks from the 1st Guards Mechanized Corps. The German relief attempt at Budapest in late January, Operation Konrad III, surprised the corps. Its counterattack was defeated by tanks of the 5th SS Panzer Division Wiking. On 13 February the corps was thanked by Stavka for its actions in the offensive. In March and April the corps was part of the Reserve of the Supreme High Command. In late April the corps returned to the front during the Bratislava–Brno Offensive with the 1st Guards Cavalry-Mechanized Group. On 26 April it helped capture Brno and received thanks from Stavka for its actions. In the last weeks of the war in Europe, the corps fought in the Prague Offensive. On 28 May the corps was awarded the Order of Lenin for its actions in the capture of Brno.
Between 9 and 23 July 1945, the corps was relocated to Mongolia with the 6th Guards Tank Army. The 9,000-kilometer journey to the Choibalsan area lasted 23 days. The corps deployed forward with the army in the Tamsagbulag area. At this time the corps had 285 tanks. In August, the corps fought in the Soviet invasion of Manchuria and its Khingan–Mukden Offensive Operation. The corps was to cross the Greater Khingan mountains and attack Changchun. Along with the 9th Guards Mechanized Corps, the 7th Mechanized Corps formed the first echelon of the 6th Guards Tank Army. The 36th Motor Rifle Division was attached to the corps. After its capture of Tuchuan, the corps had an extreme shortage of fuel due to its rapid advance. On 14 August the corps' advance detachment defeated a Manchukuo infantry division and captured 1,320 Japanese soldiers, capturing Taonan. On 23 August the corps received the honorific "Khingan" for its actions. On 2 September the corps ended the war in Port Arthur. The corps became the 7th Mechanized Division in late 1945 with the 39th Army. Its brigades were converted into regiments. It was stationed at Port Arthur until 1955, when it withdrew to Voroshilov. The division was disbanded on 12 April 1957.
Notes
References
Further reading
Mechanized corps of the Soviet Union
Military units and formations awarded the Order of the Red Banner
Military units and formations established in 1934
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Liliana Ivanova Kostova (Bulgarian: Лиляна Костова Иванова, born 15 March 1988) is a Bulgarian football midfielder, who plays for Fiorentina of the Italian women's Serie A. They previously played for Apollon Limassol in Cyprus' First Division, Super Sport Sofia, with whom they first played the UEFA Women's Cup, and FK Khimki and Nadezhda Noginsk of Russia's Championship.
 They are a member of the Bulgarian national team.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Bulgarian women's footballers
Bulgaria women's international footballers
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate women's footballers in Russia
Nadezhda Noginsk players
Expatriate women's footballers in Cyprus
Apollon Ladies F.C. players
Expatriate women's footballers in Poland
Medyk Konin players
Women's association football forwards
Fiorentina Women's F.C. players
Expatriate women's footballers in Italy
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
A.S.D. AGSM Verona F.C. players
LP Super Sport Sofia players
The 1923 Washington and Lee Generals football team represented Washington and Lee University during the 1923 college football season. The Generals competed in the Southern Conference (SoCon) and were coached by Jimmy DeHart in their second year as head coach, compiling a 6–2–1 record overall with a 4–0–1 mark in SoCon play.
Schedule
References
Washington and Lee
Washington and Lee Generals football seasons
Southern Conference football champion seasons
Washington and Lee Generals football
The women's 1500 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 23 and 24 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Heats
23 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 23 athletes from 16 countries participated in the event.
References
1500 metres
1500 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The Calvert Historic District is a historic district which comprises roughly bounded by Main, Garritt, Pin Oak, Maple, and Barton streets in Calvert, Texas. Contributing properties in the district consist of 82 buildings, one site and two other structures. On April 3, 1978, the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Photo gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Robertson County, Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks in Robertson County
References
External links
Geography of Robertson County, Texas
Queen Anne architecture in Texas
Colonial Revival architecture in Texas
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Robertson County, Texas
Lagonegro (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. It is part of the Valle del Noce and has (2017) a population of 5,471.
Geography
The municipality, located southwest of its province, near the borders of Basilicata with Cilento, a subregion of Campania, is bordered by the municipalities of Casalbuono, Casaletto Spartano, Lauria, Moliterno, Montesano sulla Marcellana, Nemoli, Rivello and Tortorella. It counts the hamlets (frazioni) of Casale Serino, Cervaro, Farno, Fecìla, Fortino, Malpignata, Pennarone and Strette.
Transport
The town is served by two exits ("Lagonegro Nord" and "Lagonegro Sud") of the A2 motorway, linking Naples and Salerno to Cosenza, Lamezia and Reggio Calabria. Its railway station is the terminus of 2 abandoned lines using two different gauges: the standard gauge line Sicignano–Lagonegro, and the narrow gauge line Lagonegro–Castrovillari–Spezzano Albanese.
People
Tiziana Alagia (b. 1973), long distance runner
Giuseppe Mango (1954-2014), singer
See also
Lagonegro Cathedral
References
External links
Official website
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Germany national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Germany that represents the team in international competitions. The team has never participated at the Paralympic Games but has participated at several international tournaments.
Background
National Paralympic Committee Germany manages the national team. In November 2013, a coaching workshop was held in the country to try to further develop the sport. In 2012, an IFCPF coaching workshop was held in Germany. There were participants from Germany and Austria. While Germany was active in participating in international regional competitions by 2016, the country did not have a national championship to support national team player development.
Ranking
Germany was ranked seventeenth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. In November 2014,Germany was ranked twentieth. Germany was ranked twenty-third in August 2013.
Results
The country has never participated in a Paralympic Games since the sport made its debut at the 1984 Games.
Germany has participated in a number of international tournaments. In 2013, the team participated in the Football Development Tournament in Vienna. The tournament was organized by Austrian Disability Sports Federation (OBSV), with Germany, the Netherlands, Austria and Singapore all participating. The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland, Canada, Portugal, Iran, Northern Ireland, Australia, Venezuela, Japan, Republic of South Korea, Denmark, and Spain.
References
National cerebral palsy football teams
Germany at the Paralympics
Germany national football team
Leviathan Mine is a United States superfund site (CERCLIS ID: CAD98067685) at an abandoned open-pit sulfur mine located in Alpine County, California. The mine is located on the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada at about elevation, east of Markleeville and southeast of Lake Tahoe. The mine site comprises approximately of land surrounded by the Toiyabe National Forest, which is only accessible a few months a year. The approximately 22 million tons of sulfur ore-containing crushed rock at the mine are responsible for contaminating the Leviathan and Aspen Creek, which join with Mountaineer Creek to form Bryant Creek which ultimately empties into the East Fork of the Carson River. These water bodies are listed as 303(d) impaired. The site location is seismically active.
Mining history
Pre-open pit mining began in 1863 by Comstock Lode miners. Between 1863 and 1870, 500 tons of copper sulfate was removed from two adits. This copper sulfate was used for silver ore refining. A large sulfur deposit was discovered in one of the adits and the mine was subsequently abandoned. Between 1935 and 1941 Calpine Corporation of Los Angeles, which subleased the mine from the Texas Gulf Sulfur Company, conducted subsurface sulfur mining and recovered 5,000 tons of sulfur. Mining was suspended in 1941 due to the hazardous nature of mining sulfur underground. In 1945 the Siskon Mining Corporation, acquired the mine.
Open-pit mining of sulfur was initiated at the site when Anaconda Copper Mining Company purchased the Leviathan in 1951. The extracted sulfur was used for copper ore processing at Anaconda Copper Mine (Nevada). During its excavating operations and Leviathan (1953–1962), Anaconda turned the original mine into a , pit, and removed approximately 500,000 long tons of sulfur. During this time period acid mine drainage (AMD) began contaminating Leviathan Creek. In 1963, Anaconda sold the property to founders of the Alpine Mining Enterprises, Zella N. Mann and William Chris Mann, who was the Alpine County Clerk.
Post-mining clean-up
Site cleanup began with the 1983-1985 formation of the Leviathan Mine Pollution Abatement Project by the Lahontan Regional Water Quality Control Board (LRWQCB) which was built in an effort to mitigate acid mine drainage. The State of California acquired Leviathan from Alpine Mining Enterprises in 1984, and the California State Water Resources Control Board gained jurisdiction over the property. The Leviathan Mine Pollution Abatement Project consisted of building drains beneath the pit to capture contaminated water and making evaporation ponds, filling and regrading the pit, and separating uncontaminated surface water from AMD groundwater. Results of the project include the discovery of unknown acidic springs and accidental AMD discharge directly into Leviathan Creek via a drain line.
In 1997 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) became involved in the cleanup of Leviathan Mine at the request of the Washoe Tribe of Nevada and California. The tribe had concerns about overflow from evaporation ponds onto downstream tribal lands and the impacts of AMD on their cultural and natural resources. The EPA Region IX tried unsuccessfully to use a lime neutralization treatment of the AMD. In 1998, the Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO), who purchased Anaconda in 1977, was issued an Administrative Order on Consent (AOC) by the EPA that obligated them to aid in the mitigation of AMD flow into Leviathan creek. However, due to the use of unproven technologies implemented by ARCO Environmental Remediation, L.L.C. and the logistical challenges of getting supplies to the mine this effort had limited success. Then in 1999, a biphasic neutralization water treatment plant was established by the LRWQCB to treat AMD in the evaporation ponds and minimize overflow into Leviathan Creek.
In 1999 the EPA proposed making Leviathan's open-pit sulfur mine a superfund site by adding it to the National Priorities List for hazardous waste sites. In 2000 EPA added the mine to the NPL, and had the written support of the Washoe Tribe, Alpine County, California, the State of Nevada, Douglas County, Nevada and the Carson River Conservancy District. The LRWQCB was issued an Administrative Abatement Action (AAA) in 2000 (which was renewed in 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2005) by the EPA in order to continue the biphasic treatment, water quality monitoring and other actives. Since 2005, the involvement of the LRWQCB is determined by the EPA Remedial Project Manager for the mine. In 2000, a unilateral administrative order was issued to ARCO, in which the EPA required ARCO to conduct early response actions and develop a long-term response plan for mitigating AMD.
In 1993 the State of California set up a pilot scale one-cell bioreactor with manure substrate for AMD treatment at Leviathan Creek Seep. By 1998, researchers from the University of Nevada-Reno (UNR) installed a two cell bioreactor at Aspen seep. By 2001, the Aspen seep bioreactor treated 2.5 million gallons of ARD. The design evolved over time and in 2003, at the behest of the State of California, ARCO and the UNR researchers developed a compost-free sulfate reducing bioreactor at Aspen Seep.
Environmental damage
Sulfuric acid is produced at the open-pit mine when water, such as rain, snow melt or groundwater, interacts with the waste rock. This sulfuric acid leaches contaminants from surrounding rock, such as arsenic, copper, nickel, zinc, chromium, aluminum and iron. This acid rock drainage ARD, with a low pH, and high concentrations of dissolved sulfate and metals, flows into the surrounding watershed and has adverse effects on water quality through deposition of metal-rich precipitates, which cascade through the ecosystem affecting algae, insect, and fish. The site is unvegetated and is susceptible to erosion due to several long steep slopes. The instability resulting from the open-pit mine has resulted in several landslides, with one affecting over .
Human health concerns
Contact with contaminates from the mine can result in both cancerous and non-cancerous health effects depending on where, when, and how long the exposure occurred. Arsenic poses the most significant health risk to exposed individuals via contact with contaminated surface water and sediment. Other risks for exposure include eating fish, plants and wild game collected near the mine, inhalation of dust near the mine, and or eating animals raised near Leviathan. In general, avoiding contact with mine tailings, surface water, and sediments in Leviathan, Aspen, and Bryant creeks, as well as the River Ranch Irrigation channel will reduce contaminate exposure and therefore reduce health risks.
Biphasic neutralization water treatment
Biphasic neutralization water treatment is a two-step process. Phase I raises the pH of the outflow to the point that iron precipitates out of solution as ferric hydroxide and arsenic co-precipitates with the ferric hydroxide. This sludge is then removed and disposed of at an appropriate hazardous waste facility. In Phase II the pH of the effluent is raised again and additional metals precipitate. Much of this sludge is non-hazardous and is stored at Leviathan. The remaining wastewater can then be discharged into Leviathan Creek.
Compost-free sulfate reducing bioreactor
The compost-free sulfate reducing bioreactor employs sulfate-reducing microbes (e.g. Desulfovibrio sp.) to reduce sulfate to sulfide at pH 4.0
. However, the ARD at Aspen Seep is too acidic (pH 3.1) and is pretreated with sodium hydroxide solution. Ethanol, the carbon source for the sulfate reducing microbes, is also added to the system (,). The solution is reduced from sulfate to sulfide in Bioreactor No. 1, which is lined with 60 mil high-density polyethylene (HDPE) and filled with river rocks, which aid in the flow of effluent. The sulfide effluent is passed into Bioreactor No. 2 for additional metal removal. Next, sodium hydroxide is added to the effluent to increase the pH to neutral, and it is sent through two settling ponds (to allow for the settling of metal sulfide precipitates) and a rock-lined aeration channel for degassing of hydrogen sulfide. At the end of the aeration channel the effluent is released into Aspen Creek.
See also
List of Superfund sites in California
References
Superfund sites in California
Buildings and structures in Alpine County, California
Geography of Alpine County, California
Podpakule is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
1943 Meistaradeildin was the second season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. The teams were separated in four groups based on geographical criteria; the winner of each group would qualify for the semi-finals. Each group had its own qualification format. TB Tvøroyri defeated MB Miðvágur 3–2 on aggregate in the championship final.
Qualifying round
East
Middle
The match was played on 20 June. A second leg was planned to be played on 25 July, but Sand withdrew after the first leg.
|}
West
MB advanced to the semifinals after SÍF and SÍ withdrew.
South
Preliminary round
|}
Semi-final
The matches were scheduled to be played on 22 and 29 August, but ØB withdrew.
|}
Final
Match played on 5 September.
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Final
The matches were played at Gundadalur, Tórshavn. After the first game ended in a draw, a replay was needed to decide the champion.
|}
References
External links
Faroe Islands Premier League at Faroe Soccer (choose 1943)
Faroe Islands League final tables 1942–1950 by webalice.it
Faroese champions list by RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Rathod is a surname of Indian origin.
People with this surname include:
Amol Rathod, Indian cinematographer
Anil Rathod, Indian politician
Bhakti Rathod, Indian actor
Bhavsinh Rathod, Indian politician
Darshan Rathod, Indian film score composer
Dipsinh Shankarsinh Rathod, Indian politician
Govind Mukkaji Rathod, Indian politician
Hansmukh Rathod, Indian astrologer
Hardik Rathod, Indian cricketer
Harising Nasaru Rathod, Indian politician
Kalu Rathod, Indian politician
Kama Rathod, Indian politician
Kanjibhai Rathod, Indian film director
Kiran Rathod, Indian actor
Nick Rathod, American non-profit administrator
Nikhil Rathod, Indian cricketer
Pranali Rathod, Indian actor
Ramesh Rathod, Indian politician
Rathod Bapu Rao, Indian politician
Reewa Rathod, Indian singer and songwriter
Roop Kumar Rathod, Indian singer and musician
Samira Rathod, Indian architect
Sanjay Rathod, Indian politician
Sanjeev Rathod, Indian film score composer
Satyavathi Rathod, Indian politician
Shahabuddin Rathod, Indian scholar
Shardul Rathod, Indian film writer
Sunali Rathod, Indian singer
Uttam Rathod, Indian politician
Vinod Rathod, Indian singer
See also
Rathore
Rathore (surname)
Surnames of Indian origin
Fiza Junejo () is a Pakistani politician who served as a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
Early life
They were born to the former Prime Minister of Pakistan Muhammad Khan Junejo.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) on a seat reserved for women from Sindh in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistan Muslim League (Q) MNAs
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Children of prime ministers of Pakistan
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Bellshill is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it originally returned three councillors, covering part of Bellshill (including the Orbiston, Hattonrigg, Shirrell and West End neighbourhoods but not Milnwood, Thorndean, the town centre east of Hamilton Road / North Road, nor Mossend), with the northern boundary at the A8 and the western boundary at the A725 bypass; much of Strathclyde Country Park (nominally in Motherwell) was also assigned to this ward.
A 2017 national review caused the territory to be altered, with a minor change within central Bellshill moving the eastern boundary to Motherwell Road, and a shift of the western boundary further towards Viewpark to encompass the Fallside neighbourhood (although the majority of built-upon land in this area is the unpopulated Righead Industrial Estate). These changes caused an increase in population, with one additional seat allocated. In 2019, the ward had a population of 14,969.
Councillors
Election results
2022 election
2017 election
2012 election
2007 election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Bellshill
1950 Meistaradeildin was the eighth season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. B36 Tórshavn won its third league title in the season.
Overview
Results
External links
Faroe Islands League Final Tables
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Giacomo Candido (10 July 1871, in Guagnano – 30 December 1941, in Galatina) was an Italian mathematician and historian of mathematics.
Education and career
In 1897 Candido received their Laurea (teaching degree) from the University of Pisa and started to teach mathematics: first, at the Liceo of Galatina, then at the Liceo of Campobasso and from 1927 at the Liceo of Brindisi.
They were an editor and contributor for the Periodico di Matematica per l'Insegnamento secondario and was one of the founders of the journal La Matematica elementare (an intermediate-level journal for teachers, engineers and students).
They were an Invited Speaker of the ICM in 1928 in Bologna and in 1932 in Zürich. In 1934 they founded the Apulian branch of Mathesis, an Italian association of mathematics teachers.
 They are also remembered for their work on the history of mathematics.
Candido's identity
Candido devised their eponymous identity to prove that
where Fn is the nth Fibonacci number.
The identity of Candido is that, for all real numbers x and y,
It is easy to prove that the identity holds in any commutative ring.
Selected publications
[https://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/pt?id=hvd.32044102938495;view=1up;seq=348 Sulle funzioni Un , Vn di Lucas] in Periodica matematica, anno XVII, 1901–1902
, Tipografia editrice salentina, 1903
Su d'un' applicazione delle funzioni Un , Vn di Lucas in Periodica matematica, anno XX, 1904–1905
Le equazioni reciproche in senso generale in Periodico matematica, anno XXI, 1905–1906
Il fondo Palagi-Libri della Biblioteca Moreniana di Firenze, in Atti del II Congresso della Unione Matematica Italiana, ed. Cremonese, 1941
Sulla mancata pubblicazione nel 1826 della celebre memoria di Abel, ed. Marra, Galatina, 1942
Conferenze e discorsi, ed. Marra, Galatina, 1943
Scritti matematici'', ed. Marzocco, Firenze, 1948
References
1871 births
1941 deaths
19th-century Italian mathematicians
20th-century Italian mathematicians
People from the Province of Lecce
Reality is the 39th studio album by American musician James Brown. The album was released in 1974, by Polydor Records.
Release
Reality was released in late 1974. It charted on the Billboard 200 for 10 weeks, peaking at number 56.
Reception
In a contemporary review, the NME reviewed both Reality and Breakin' Bread, stating that the album were "pretty much up to the standard of their last few [records]." which they found was both positive and negative noting that there has been no major progression in their music since 1972. The review concluded that both albums were "very well produced, exceedingly exciting and irresistible for dancing, but who needs James Brown & The J.B.'s when you can have The Fatback Band or B.T. Express?"
AllMusic gave the album a negative review, noting that Brown's "insane schedule was catching up to him" and that it found them "at an artistic impasse." The reviewer noted that "it was foolish to expect a "fun" album from Brown during this time. They seemed to view America as a doomed nation, and considered the gas shortage, Watergate, and unemployment lines as signs of the coming apocalypse. A hint of sadness and ennui cloaks over the album." The review critiqued "The Twist" as Brown hitting a writer's block and that the cover of "Don't Fence Me In" was another sign of their "desperation". The review noted that the album contained "his worst ballads on record".
Track listing
Track listing adapted from vinyl of Reality.
Personnel
Credits adapted from back cover of Reality.
James Brown – producer, arrangements
Fred Wesley – arrangements, production supervisor
Dave Matthews – arrangements on "The Twist"
Bob Both – engineer, production supervisor
David Stone – assistant engineer
Major Little – assistant engineer
Don Brautigam – illustration
References
1974 albums
James Brown albums
Albums arranged by David Matthews (keyboardist)
Albums produced by James Brown
Polydor Records albums
In object-oriented programming, a virtual base class is a nested inner class whose functions and member variables can be overridden and redefined by subclasses of an outer class. Virtual classes are analogous to virtual functions.
The run time type of virtual class depends on the run time type of object of the outer class. (Just like the run time type of object decides which virtual function should be used.)
A run time instance type of the outer class object not only decides on the polymorphic type of its own type object, but also on a whole family tree of virtual class members.
Purpose
Virtual classes solve the extensibility problem of extending data abstraction with new functions and representations. Like virtual functions, virtual classes follow the same rules of definition, overriding, and reference.
When a derived class inherits from a base class, it must define or override the virtual inner classes it inherited from the base class. An object of the child class may be referred to by a reference or pointer of the parent class type or the child class type. When the reference or pointer invoke the virtual inner classes, the derived class's implementation will be called if the object is of the derived class type. The type of the outer class determines the run time of the inner virtual class.
A method with an object argument has access to the object's virtual classes. The method can use the virtual classes of its arguments to create instances and declare variables. Virtual classes of different instances are not compatible.
Example
For example, a base class Machine could have a virtual class Parts. Subclass Car would implement Parts differently than the subclass Bicycle, but the programmer can call any methods in the virtual inner class Parts on any class Machine object, and get the Parts implementation of that specific derived class.
#include <iostream>
class Machine {
public:
void run() { }
class Parts {
public:
virtual int get_wheels() = 0;
virtual std::string get_fuel_type() = 0;
};
};
// The inner class "Parts" of the class "Machine" may return the number of wheels the machine has.
class Car: Machine {
public:
void run() {
std::cout << "The car is running." << std::endl;
}
class Parts: Machine::Parts {
public:
int get_wheels() override {
std::cout << "A car has 4 wheels." << std::endl;
return 4;
}
std::string get_fuel_type() override {
std::cout << "A car uses gasoline for fuel." << std::endl;
return "gasoline";
}
};
};
Any object of class type Machine can be accessed the same way. The programmer can ask for the number of wheels (by calling get_Wheels()), without needing to know what kind of machine it is, how many wheels that machine has, or all the possible types of machines there are. Functions like get_Fuel_Type() can be added to the virtual class Parts by the derived class Car.
See also
Inheritance
Superclass
Virtual inheritance
Virtual function
References
External links
Object-oriented programming
Uzbekistan competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan.
Alpine skiing
Men
Figure skating
Tatyana Malinina placed eighth in ladies figure skating and Roman Skornyakow placed nineteenth in men's.
Men
Women
Freestyle skiing
Women
References
sports-reference
External links
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1998 Winter Olympics
1998
Winter Olympics
Aliasghar Honarmand is an Iranian journalist.  They are the founder of the gadget news website Narenji.
 They are currently serving an 11-year jail sentence in Iran, having been arrested in December 2013 and tried by the Iranian government, allegedly for espionage against the state. More than a dozen members of the Narenji team were arrested alongside Honarmand. Some remain in jail, serving sentences of between two and seven years. Their arrest was televised by Iranian state TV.
They were accused of trying to orchestrate a '...soft overthrow' of the Iranian regime", having attended training courses hosted by the BBC. The Iranian state has been known to suspect the BBC of being a tool for UK espionage in the region, a claim the BBC denies. Honarmand unsuccessfully appealed their sentence in 2015.
References
Iranian prisoners and detainees
Living people
Imprisoned journalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
"" (; English: "Where My Home Is") is the national anthem of the Czech Republic, written by the composer František Škroup and the playwright Josef Kajetán Tyl.
History
The piece was written as a part of the incidental music to the comedy Fidlovačka aneb Žádný hněv a žádná rvačka (Fidlovačka, or No Anger and No Brawl). It was first performed by Karel Strakatý at the Estates Theatre in Prague on 21 December 1834. The original song consists of two verses (see below). Although J. K. Tyl is said to have considered leaving the song out of the play, not convinced of its quality, it soon became very popular among Czechs and was accepted as an informal anthem of a nation seeking to revive its identity within the Habsburg monarchy.
Soon after Czechoslovakia was formed in 1918, the first verse of the song became the Czech part of the national anthem, followed by the first verse of the Slovak song "Nad Tatrou sa blýska". The songs reflected the two nations' concerns in the 19th century when they were confronted with the already fervent national-ethnic activism of the Germans and the Hungarians, their fellow ethnic groups in the Habsburg Monarchy. Because of the linguistic and ethnic diversity of the First Republic, official translations were made into Hungarian and German as well.
With the split of Czechoslovakia in 1993, the Czechoslovak anthem was divided as well. While Slovakia extended its anthem by adding a second verse, the Czech Republic's national anthem was adopted unextended, in its single-verse version.
In 1882, Antonín Dvořák used Kde domov můj in their incidental music to the František Ferdinand Šamberk play Josef Kajetán Tyl, Op. 62, B. 125. The overture is often played separately as a concert work entitled Domov můj (My Home).
Lyrics
Original lyrics (from Fidlovačka, 1834)
National anthem of Czechoslovakia 1918–1992
The first stanza, along with that of the Slovak song Nad Tatrou sa blýska which is nowadays the national anthem of Slovakia, became from 1918 to 1992 the national anthem of Czechoslovakia.
Current lyrics (adapted version)
The following are the lyrics according to Appendix 6 of Czech Act No. 3/1993 Coll., as adapted by Act No. 154/1998 Coll.
Notes
References
External links
Czech Republic: Kde domov můj? – Audio of the national anthem of the Czech Republic, with information and lyrics (archive link)
State Symbols – Ministry of Foreign Affairs – The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has a page about state symbols that includes a copy of the music of the anthem.
New (2008) official recordings – female solo, male solo, choir, and orchestral versions.
European anthems
National symbols of the Czech Republic
Czech songs
Czech anthems
1834 songs
National anthems
National anthem compositions in E major
James Brantley (born 1945) is an American artist known for their painting.
Biography
Brantley was born in 1945 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, the Philadelphia College of Art, and the University of Pennsylvania.
Their work is in the Petrucci Family Foundation Collection of African American Art, the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, and the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Their work was included in the 2011 exhibition The Chemistry of Color: The Sorgenti Collection of Contemporary African-American Art at the Hudson River Museum and the 2015 exhibition We Speak: Black Artists in Philadelphia, 1920s-1970s at the Woodmere Art Museum.
References
External links
James Brantley discusses their career and art at the Brandywine Workshop and Archives in 2011
1945 births
Living people
American male artists
Artists from Philadelphia
István Géza Bebes (born 24 March 1956) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Vas County Regional List between 1998 and 2014.  They are the Mayor of Körmend since 2002.
Career
István Bebes joined Fidesz in 1990. They were elected as an individual candidate of Körmend in the 1990 local elections. They ran again in 1994, this time unsuccessfully. In 1998 they were again elected on the representative body of Körmend. They have been president of the Körmend party branch since 1995. They have been on the presidium of the party's Vas County Board since 1996 and in 1997 they were elected on the National Board of Fidesz. After the transformation into a people's party in 2003-2004, they were awarded the chairpersonship of the Körmend constituency.
From the 1998 elections they secured a seat four times from the Vas County regional list of Fidesz They were elected mayor of Körmend four times in the local elections in 2002, 2006, 2010 and also in 2014.
Bebes served as a member of the Local Government and Urban Development Committee between 2006 and 2010. Since 14 May 2010 they have participated in the works of Committee on European Affairs.
Public life
They presided over BC MARC-Körmend Basketball Club from 1996 to 1999, and has been a member of the Technical Committee of the Hungarian Basketball Federation since 1997.
Personal life
 They are married. Their wife is Judit Bebesné Bazsó. They have four sons (Attila, Árpád, András, Mátyás) and two daughters (Adrienn, Anikó).
References
1956 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1998–2002)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2002–2006)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
People from Kapuvár
Mayors of places in Hungary
Hasanabad Rural District () may refer to:
Hasanabad Rural District (Fars Province)
Hasanabad Rural District (Eslamabad-e Gharb County), Kermanshah Province
Hasanabad Rural District (Ravansar County), Kermanshah Province
Hasanabad Rural District (Tehran Province)
Line 2 (officially: East-West Line, Metro 2 or M2, and unofficially: Red Line) is the second line of the Budapest Metro. The line runs east from Déli pályaudvar in north-central Buda under the Danube to the city center, from where it continues east following the route of Rákóczi út to its terminus at Örs vezér tere.
Prior to the 2014 opening of Line 4, it was the only line that served Buda. Daily ridership is estimated at 350,000.
History
The first plans for the second Budapest metro line were made in 1942, and the Council of Ministers authorised its construction in 1950. Line 2 was originally planned to connect two major railway stations, Keleti (Eastern) and Déli (Southern) pályaudvar. The Council of Ministers wanted to complete the first section by 1954 between Deák Ferenc tér and Népstadion (today Puskás Ferenc Stadion), and the second section by 1955 between Déli pályaudvar and Deák Ferenc tér. Construction was suspended for financial and political reasons from 1954 till 1963. The ruling Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party decided to restart the construction at a party congress in 1959. It was finally opened with seven stations on April 2 (then a Communist holiday in Hungary) in 1970, and the second section in 1972. The eastern end of the line was extended to Örs vezér tere, instead of Népstadion. Operation started in 1970 with 3-car trains, expanded to 4-car trains soon after, and 5-car trains since 1972. A major reconstruction of the track and stations was undertaken between 2004 and 2008, with new trains arriving in 2010. The new trains went into service two years later, in September 2012, and by April 2013 the line was solely served by new trains.
On December 5th, 2016, an accident occurred on the line which involved an AM5-M2 rolling stock. An incoming train collided with a waiting train at the Pillangó utca metro station. This was the first serious accident in the history of the Budapest metro. The accident did not result in a fatality, but according to the prosecution, a total of twenty-one were injured, five of whom were classified as serious.
M2 runs in an east-west direction through the city, and it was the first metro line to cross the River Danube and reach Buda (the western part of Budapest). It has a transfer station with Line 1 and Line 3 at Deák Ferenc tér, and a transfer station for Line 4 at Keleti pályaudvar.
Rolling stock
Stations and connections
Gallery
References
Budapest Metro
Railway lines opened in 1970
Cush or Kush ( , Kush; ), according to the Hebrew Bible, was the oldest son of Ham and a grandson of Noah. They were the brother of Mizraim, Phut, and Canaan. Cush was the father of Nimrod, a king called the "first heroic warrior on earth".
Cush is traditionally considered the ancestor of the "land of Cush", an ancient territory believed to have been located near the Red Sea. Cush is identified in the Bible with the Kingdom of Kush or ancient Sudan. The Cushitic languages are named after Cush.
Identification
Cush is a Hebrew name that is possibly derived from Kash, the Egyptian name of Lower Nubia and later of the Nubian kingdom at Napata, known as the Kingdom of Kush.
The form Kush appears in Egyptian records as early as the reign of Mentuhotep II (21st century BC), in an inscription detailing their campaigns against the Nubian region. At the time of the compilation of the Hebrew Bible, and throughout classical antiquity, the Nubian kingdom was centered at Meroë in the modern-day nation of Sudan.
References in Bible
Cush's sons were Nimrod, Seba, Havilah, Sabtah, Raamah, and Sabtechah.
Traditional identifications
Josephus gives an account of the nation of Cush, son of Ham and grandson of Noah: "For of the four sons of Ham, time has not at all hurt the name of Cush; for the Ethiopians, over whom they reigned, are even at this day, both by themselves and by all men in Asia, called Cushites" (Antiquities of the Jews 1.6).
The Book of Numbers 12:1 calls a wife of Moses "a Cushite woman", whereas Moses's wife Zipporah is usually described as hailing from Midian. Ezekiel the Tragedian's Exagoge 60-65 (fragments reproduced in Eusebius) has Zipporah describe themselves as a stranger in Midian, and proceeds to describe the inhabitants of their ancestral lands in North Africa:
"Stranger, this land is called Libya. It is inhabited by tribes of various peoples, Ethiopians, dark men. One man is the ruler of the land: they are both king and general. They rule the state, judges the people, and is priest. This man is my father and theirs."
During the 5th century AD, Syrian writers described the Himyarites of South Arabia as Cushaeans and Ethiopians.
The Persian historian al-Tabari (c. 915) recounts a tradition that the wife of Cush was named Qarnabil, daughter of Batawil, son of Tiras, and that they bore them the "Abyssinians, Sindis and Indians".
Explorer James Bruce, who visited the Ethiopian Highlands c. 1770, wrote of "a tradition among the Abyssinians, which they say they have had since time immemorial", that in the days after the Deluge, Cush, the son of Ham, traveled with their family up the Nile until they reached the Atbara plain, then still uninhabited, from where they could see the Ethiopian table-land. There they ascended and built Axum, and sometime later returned to the lowland, building Meroë. They also state that European scholars of their own day had summarily rejected this account on grounds of their established theory, that Cush must have arrived in Africa via Arabia and the Bab-el-Mandeb, a strait located between Yemen on the Arabian Peninsula, and Djibouti and Eritrea on the Horn of Africa. Further, the great obelisk of Axum was said to have been erected by Cush in order to mark their allotted territory, and their son Ityopp'is said to have been buried there, according to the Book of Aksum, which Bruce asserts was revered throughout Abyssinia equally with the Kebra Nagast.
Scholars like Johann Michaelis and Rosenmuller have pointed out that the name Cush was applied to tracts of country on both sides of the Red Sea, in the Arabian Peninsula (Yemen) and Northeast Africa.
References
Cush
Kingdom of Kush
Children of Ham (son of Noah)
Noach (parashah)
Nimrod
Book of Genesis people
Books of Chronicles people
Pedro Rafael Vázquez Rivera (December 16, 1934 – June 23, 2011), served as Puerto Rico's eighth Secretary of State from 1979 to 1981 under Governor Carlos Romero Barceló, Deputy Mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico from 1984 to 1988 under Mayor Baltasar Corrada del Rio and Executive Director of the publicly owned Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREPA) from 1977 to 1979. They were an attorney and engineer.
Public life
A United States Naval Academy graduate in 1957, they served in the United States Marines Corps during the late 1950s and early 1960s. During the Lyndon B. Johnson administration, they served as Deputy Counsel and General Counsel of the United States Department of Commerce. They served in multiple public sector roles at the Federal, state and municipal level, in addition to practicing law, serving as president of the now-defunct El Mundo newspaper and working as a developer and project manager.
During their stint as PREPA's Executive Director, the authority went through one of its most difficult strikes.
As Secretary of State, they not only headed Puerto Rico's Department of State, but fulfilled the role of Lieutenant Governor, serving as Acting Governor whenever Gov. Romero was off the island.
Private life
Born on December 16, 1934, Vázquez died on June 23, 2011, at the age of 76. They were married to the former Carmen Iris Alsina and had three daughters and a son, several grandchildren and great-grandchildren. A veteran of the U.S. Marine Corps, they were interred at the Puerto Rico National Cemetery in Bayamón, Puerto Rico where they were eulogized by their successor, current Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock. Flags flew at half-staff for three days in their honor after their death.
References
1934 births
2011 deaths
United States Naval Academy alumni
Secretaries of State of Puerto Rico
People from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican lawyers
Puerto Rican military officers
New Progressive Party (Puerto Rico) politicians
Puerto Rican United States Marines
United States Marine Corps officers
Winner Cup 2006 is the 1st edition of the Israeli basketball pre-season tournament - Winner Cup. It was played on 15 October-19 October in Jerusalem at the Malha Arena, during the jewish holiday of Sukkot. Ironi Ashkelon has won the cup after beating Maccabi Rishon LeZion 79-73 in the final.
Withdrawals
The teams that finished at the top eight places on Basketball Super League 2005–06 were supposed to compete in the tournament.
Maccabi Tel Aviv that finished 1st in the 2005-06 season has withdrawn from the tournament due to schedule problems.
Hapoel Tel Aviv that finished on the 8th place was relegated to the 2nd division due to financial problems and was not eligible to compete in the tournament.
The both teams were replaced by the 9th and 10th ranked teams - Bnei HaSharon and Ironi Ramat Gan, respectively.
Tournament Bracket
The teams were matched by their last season standings (2nd VS 10th, 3rd VS 9th, etc...).
Results
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Third-place game
Final
External links
Winner Cup (Hebrew)
2006
2006–07 in Israeli basketball
Seattle Center Arena may refer to the following arenas in Seattle:
KeyArena, a multi-purpose arena, will be renamed Seattle Center Arena when renovations are complete.
Mercer Arena, formerly Seattle Center Arena, a performing arts venue on Mercer Street and Fourth Avenue North
Rachael Pamela Sporn (born 26 May 1968, in Murrayville) is an Australian former basketball player and three time Olympian. Sporn was Development Executive for the Australian Melanoma Research Foundation but has since left the organisation.
Career
Born in Murrayville, Victoria, Sporn played for Adelaide Lightning in Australia's Women's National Basketball League where they were twice league MVP and seven times selected in the WNBL All-Star Five. They head the all-time points scoring and rebound list for the WNBL. The Women's National Basketball Association club Detroit Shock recruited Sporn for the 1998 season. Sporn played 304 games for the national basketball team, the Opals, including three Olympic Games—two silver medals (2000 and 2004) and a bronze (1996)—and three World Championships (1990, 1994 and 1998).
Sporn is a member of the Australian Sports Hall of Fame and the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame. They were awarded the Australian Sports Medal in 2000 and the Centenary Medal in 2001. Rachael Sporn is currently the only Adelaide Lightning player to have their number retired by the team, having begun their stellar career when the club commenced in the 1993 season. Them #14 singlet hangs on the western wall of the Adelaide Arena alongside the Lightning's 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998 and 2008 WNBL championship banners.
Personal
In 2015, Sporn was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia. Sporn is married to Maurie Ranger with whom they have two children. They have remained active in promoting the Adelaide Lightning, and in 2015 campaigned to secure vital funding for the team. In May 2015, the club secured a one-year agreement with the Motor Accident Commission as key sponsor.
Them older brother Kieran Sporn (born 28 August 1966) was also a top level athlete who played Australian rules football.
See also
List of Australian WNBA players
WNBL All-Star Five
WNBL Top Shooter Award
References
1968 births
Living people
Adelaide Lightning players
Australian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Australian women's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from South Australia
Detroit Shock players
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Australia
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
People from Murrayville, Victoria
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Forwards (basketball)
Charles Lee Martin (born April 24, 1986) is an American professional boxer who held the IBF heavyweight title from January to April 2016. Their 85-day reign as champion is the second-shortest in heavyweight boxing history, after Tony Tucker's 64 days in 1987 (also as IBF champion). During Martin's short reign as IBF champion, they reached a peak active heavyweight ranking of ninth by the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board.
Amateur career
Martin had 64 fights as an amateur, having started boxing at the age of 22. In 2012 they won the National PAL Championships.
Professional career
Early career
Martin turned professional on October 27, 2012. They made their TV debut on ESPN July 19, 2013, when they beat Aaron Kinch by a fourth-round TKO. On September 21, they beat then-undefeated Vincent Thompson (13–0). The fight was in Thompson's home state Washington and Martin got a unanimous decision. They dropped Thompson in the first round, for the first time in their career. On October 25, Martin defeated Haitian Dieuly Aristilde, by TKO in round one. On November 14, Martin became the first man to ever stop Joey Dawejko. Martin dropped Dawejko in the 4th round. Dawejko's corner asked to get the fight stopped between the 4th and 5th rounds. Charles Martin fought 11 times in 2013. On December 21 they won against undefeated Cuban heavyweight Glendy Hernandez (10–0).
Rise up the ranks
On April 16, 2014 Martin won the vacant WBO–NABO heavyweight title by beating former undefeated boxer Alexander Flores by KO in the 4th round. Martin was in a non-title fight a month later against 38-year-old journeyman Rafael Pedro at the Santa Monica Pier in Santa Monica, California. In an overmatched fight, Martin floored Pedro twice in round one winning the bout via knockout. In July 2014, Martin successfully defended the title for the first time at BB King Blues Club & Grill in New York against 37-year-old veteran Kertson Manswell. Manswell hadn't fought in seven months, since their loss to Wendell Jorkhu. Martin entered the bout with a seven-fight knockout streak. Martin won via the third knockdown rule, knocking Manswell down three times in round 3, forcing the stoppage.
After a six-month gap, Martin returned to fight Damon McCreary (15–3, 11 KOs) in a non-title six-round bout. Martin won after 2 minutes into the first round via TKO. Martin made a defence of the title on February 28, 2015 against former Brazilian heavyweight champion Raphael Zumbano Love (35–9–1, 28 KOs) at the Celebrity Theater in Phoenix, Arizona. Martin won via TKO in the 10th and final round with a minute remaining.
Martin's next defence came on April 25, on the undercard of Klitschko-Jennings at the Madison Square Garden in Manhattan, New York against British boxer Tom Dallas. The fight lasted one round as Dallas was knocked out by a straight left hand to the head from Martin. Martin made their fourth and final defence of their WBO–NABO title on September 25 at the Legacy Arena in Birmingham, Alabama against Mexican WBO latino heavyweight champion Vicente Sandez (15–4, 10 KOs) in a scheduled 10-round fight. By the third round, Martin was ahead on all three judges' scorecards 20–17, knocking Sandez down in round 2. The fight was stopped by referee Flynn Gerald, 35 seconds into round 3 following another knockdown.
IBF heavyweight champion
Martin vs. Glazkov
Following Tyson Fury's win against Wladimir Klitschko in November 2015 in becoming the new unified heavyweight champion, the IBF ordered Fury to make a mandatory defence against Vyacheslav Glazkov. However, Fury opted to take the rematch against Klitschko, thus being stripped of the IBF title in the process. The IBF then ordered Glazkov to fight Martin for a vacant world title on January 16 at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. Glaskov's purse for the fight was $804,700, whilst Martin had a purse of $433,300.
Martin claimed the vacant title by stopping Glazkov in the third round, due to injury. By round 3, the scorecards were (19–19, 20–18 Glazkov, and 20–18 Martin). Glazkov slipped to the canvas when they fell backwards after trying to dodge a right hook from Martin. Referee Earl Brown ruled it a slip, but Glazkov appeared to hurt their right knee following the fall. When the fight resumed, Glazkov threw a right body hook but was hit by Martins left jab and went down again after losing their balance. They dropped to the canvas clearly in pain. The fight was stopped, with the ringside doctor diagnosing them with a torn right ACL. According to CompuBox, Martin landed 26 of 105 punches (25 percent), and Glazkov connected on 19 of 64 blows (30 percent).
After winning the IBF title, Martin narrowed down a shortlist of boxers they could make their first defence against. The three names were former world title challengers Chris Arreola, Artur Szpilka and rising contender Dominic Breazeale.
Martin vs. Joshua
Martin chose to make the first defence of their title against rising British star and 2012 Olympic gold medalist Anthony Joshua at The O2 Arena in London on 9 April 2016. It was reported that Martin would bank £6 million ($8.5 m) for the defense against Joshua.
Joshua set the pace in the first round and kept the southpaw Martin at bay before sending them to the canvas with a straight right hand in the second round. Martin got to their feet only to be knocked down for a second time by a similar punch just moments later. This time Martin failed to beat the count after taking too long to get up, and the referee counted Martin out, with Joshua winning their first world title. Martin was heavily criticized for their performance, and apparent lack of ambition to win the fight. Observers accused them of quitting early, feeling that they could have got up quicker and fought on. Martin later placed the blame on the pre-fight distractions, claiming that they were 'mentally not there'. At just 85 days, Martin's reign as IBF heavyweight champion was the second-shortest in professional boxing history, with only Tony Tucker's 1987 reign being shorter.
Career from 2017
On April 17, 2017 Martin announced that they would make a return on April 25 in a non-televised fight against 37-year-old journeyman Byron Polley (30–20–1, 13 KOs, 3 NC) at the Fitzgeralds Casino & Hotel in Tunica, Mississippi in a scheduled 10-round bout. Martin won the fight via second-round TKO. In the post fight, they said, “I'm just back to finish what I started ... Now I'm back and I'm ready to be undisputed, like my plans were originally, undisputed champ.” Polley was dropped two times in the second before the fight was stopped 51 seconds into the round.
Martin continued their comeback trail on July 18 at the Rapides Coliseum in Alexandria, Louisiana against 31-year-old journeyman Michael Marrone (21–7, 15 KOs). Martin won the bout in the first round via knockout. A first knockdown occurred after Martin landed a left hook, then a left shot to the body floored Marrone again. Marrone was then counted out by referee Kenny Saintes.
Martin vs. Kownacki
In July 2018, Showtime announced it was planning an event to take place on September 8, headlined by Danny García vs. Shawn Porter for the vacant WBC welterweight title. It was rumoured that Martin would challenge Polish rising contender Adam Kownacki (17-0, 14 KO) on the undercard. On August 1, the card was confirmed to take place at the Barclays Center in New York City. Kownacki was coming into the bout with wins over Artur Szpilka and Iago Kiladze. Martin started the fight slow, being forced to box on the back foot, allowing Kownacki to take a lead on the scorecards. It was from round 3 when Martin began opening up and letting their hands go. The fight had lots of action throughout the 10 rounds. The final round was considered a potential round of the year by pundits and commentators, which saw both boxers trade to the head and body. All three judges scored the bout 96–94 in favor of Kownacki. Both boxers earned a $100,000 purse for the fight. After the fight, Martin said, "I believed I got the win. I did work on the inside and no one saw that. I did really good work on the inside. I will get back in the gym. Looks are very deceiving. I put up a hell of a fight and I came up just short." According to CompuBox stats, Martin landed 203 punches of 621 thrown (33%) and Kownacki landed 242 of their 729 landed (33%). The fight, which opened Showtime's telecast, averaged 395,000 viewers and peaked at 503,000 viewers.
Martin vs. Corbin
On 16 March 2019, Martin faced Gregory Corbin. Corbin was no match for Martin, as Martin dominated each round. In the fourth round, Corbin hit Martin under the belt, for which they were penalized by the referee. Corbin continued their antics in the fifth and sixth round, and by the eighth round the referee had seen enough and disqualified Corbin, awarding Martin with the victory.
Martin vs Martz
On July 13, 2019, Martin faced Daniel Martz. Martin dominated the fight, as they dropped Martz twice, once in the third and once in the fourth round, the latter proving to be the decisive one.
Martin vs Washington
On February 22, 2020, Martin, ranked #11 by the IBF faced fellow contender Gerald Washington, ranked #9 by the IBF on the Deontay Wilder - Tyson Fury undercard. Martin landed a straight left on Washington in the sixth round, followed by another straight left which sent Washington to the canvas. Washington managed to beat the count, but referee Tony Weeks deemed Washington not fit to continue fighting, awarding Martin with the TKO victory.
Personal life
Martin was born in St. Louis, Missouri, before moving to Colorado Springs and Phoenix after the age of 12. Martin started doing construction work from the age of 14 and had their first son at a young age. They have four children.
In the early hours of August 5, 2016, it was reported by Sky Sports that Martin had been shot in Los Angeles. They were allegedly involved in an altercation with two men that resulted in them having a gunshot wound to their forearm as they were driving away. They underwent surgery for the wound. Martin checked out of hospital following surgery on August 10.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Charles Martin - Profile, News Archive & Current Rankings at Box.Live
1986 births
Living people
African-American boxers
World heavyweight boxing champions
International Boxing Federation champions
Boxers from St. Louis
American male boxers
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Sidney Santos de Brito (born 16 October 1979 in Recife), known as Sidney, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a defender. They spent one season in the Bundesliga with FC Energie Cottbus.
References
Living people
1979 births
Association football defenders
Brazilian footballers
Ceará Sporting Club players
VfL Osnabrück players
Rot-Weiss Essen players
FC Energie Cottbus players
Kickers Offenbach players
Sportfreunde Lotte players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Sportspeople from Recife
Thomas Hall (5 August 1619 – 28 September 1667) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1660.
In 1654, Hall was elected Member of Parliament for Lincolnshire in the First Protectorate Parliament and was re-elected MP for Lincolnshire in 1656 for the Second Protectorate Parliament. They were appointed assessment commissioner for Worcester in 1656.
In 1660, Hall was elected MP for Worcester in the Convention Parliament. They were appointed J.P. on 10 July 1660.
Hall died at the age of 48.
References
1619 births
1667 deaths
Politicians from Lincolnshire
Members of the Parliament of England for Worcester
Place of birth missing
English MPs 1654–1655
English MPs 1656–1658
English MPs 1660
The 1991 BMW Open Singles was the singles bracket of the 1991 BMW Open. The title was won by Magnus Gustafsson, defeating Guillermo Pérez Roldán. Roldán retired while Gustafsson was leading 3–6, 6–3, 4–3. Karel Nováček, the defending champion from the prior year singles event, did not participate.
Seeds
Ivan Lendl (semifinals)
Goran Ivanišević (semifinals)
Jonas Svensson (first round)
John McEnroe (first round)
Thomas Muster (first round)
Michael Stich (first round)
Guillermo Pérez Roldán (final)
Alexander Volkov (first round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Singles draw
Singles
Dundurn Street is a Lower City arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It is a two-way street that starts off at Mountain Face Park, Niagara Escarpment in front of the Bruce Trail as a collector road, right behind Hillcrest Avenue and then turns into a four lane thoroughfare from Aberdeen Avenue northward to York Boulevard where it ends in front of Dundurn Park.
The section of Dundurn Street north of Main Street was designated as part of Highway 2, until January 1, 1998.
History
Dundurn Street, originated with Sir Allan MacNab who named their home Dundurn Castle and its landscaped grounds Dundurn Park. Originally Dundurn Street, South of King Street West was known as Garth Street up to 1913. Dundurn is a Gaelic word meaning "the fort on the water." (sic - This is a persistent incorrect translation perpetuated in many historical works about Dundurn Castle. The original source of the error is not known. Dundurn actually derives from the Gaelic words dùn meaning "hill fort" and dòrn meaning "fist", thus Dundurn means "hill fort of a fist". It is named after Sir Allan MacNab's ancestral family home in Dundurn, Perthshire, Scotland, just east of Loch Earn, which was the site of an ancient Pictish hill fort named Dùn Dòrn. So named because the hill upon which it sat is shaped like a fist. There are many Gaelic words referring to water, none of which resembles the place name element durn. The erroneous translation "fort on the water" likely derives from a confusion with the Scots word burn, which means "creek" and is not a Gaelic word at all. - citation to be added shortly)
The Hamilton Military Museum opened in 1976 and is situated inside Dundurn Park adjacent to Dundurn Castle. It tells the story of the service given by citizens of the Hamilton area from the time of the American Revolution to World War II.
The Staircase originally was opened by Hugh MacLeod in 1998. The Staircase evolved and expanded from an improvisational comedy workshop to include an art gallery, a cafe, a theatre for film and live acts, and a rehearsal space. A former variety store next door was also acquired.
Bruce Trail
One can reach the Bruce Trail via the stairway on Dundurn Street South. The trail cuts through the city along the Niagara Escarpment (mountain) and used by many locals for a full days hike. The Trail is 430 miles long and starts at Niagara Falls, passes through Hamilton and ends at the Bruce Peninsula. Hikers are led to scenic gorges, hidden waterfalls and places of quiet charm.
Landmarks
Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South.
Dundurn Park
Dundurn Park "Mystery building"
Dundurn Castle & Military Museum
(Just east of Dundurn Castle near Castle Dean at Locke Street north is original burial spot of Sir Allan Napier MacNab)
The Admiral Inn (Hotel)
Staircase Cafe Theatre
Dundurn Plaza (shopping)
TV Hamilton- Cable 14, building
Jackson Playground
Canadian Pacific Railway overpass
Hill Street Park
First Unitarian Church
(M.A.D.) Music Art Drama- Creative Arts School
Highland Gardens Park, (off of Hillcrest Avenue)
Mountain Face Park
Dundurn Street Stairway (Mountain-access), 326 steps
Chedoke Rail Trail (abandoned railway path)
Bruce Trail, westward the trail leads to Chedoke Beddoe Civic Golf Course & Chedoke Winter Sports Park, the site of a Ski hill and as well many waterfalls which are listed below. Eastward the trail leads to Highland Gardens Park.
Chedoke Falls
Denlow Falls
Cliffview Falls
Westcliffe Falls
Niagara Escarpment ("mountain")
Communities
Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South
Strathcona
Kirkendall North
Kirkendall South
Images
References
MapArt Golden Horseshoe Atlas - Page 647 - Grids F10, G10, H10, J10
External links
Kirkendall.ca (Kirkendall neighbourhood)
Niagara Escarpment Commission (NEC) Official web site
Google Maps: Dundurn Street (Hybrid)
Roads in Hamilton, Ontario
Vintage is the third studio album from rapper Young Bleed, released under the name Young Bleed Carleone's. Their next album Rise Thru da Ranks from Earner Tugh Capo was released under the name Young Bleed.
Track listing
Born Kings 5:10
Tribal X' Istence 3:22
Kisses N' Hugs 6:23
Da Don 4:56
Murderous 11:20
Da' Indo' Mission 1:03
Out Dat' Dirty 5:32
Bleed N' Tyme 5:22
Whatchall' Mean 6:21
N' Dis' World 3:14
Take It E' Zeh' 4:20
Out Da' Windo' 5:19
References
Hip hop albums by American artists
2002 albums
Martin Kieran O'Halloran (born 1962) is an Australian former national champion and national representative rower and a senior global executive in the advertising industry. In 2020 they were appointed Global Chief Executive of the international advertising network DDB Worldwide.
Club and state rowing career
Raised in Melbourne, O'Halloran attended St Kevin's College where they took up rowing. Their senior rowing was from the Mercantile Rowing Club in Melbourne.
O'Halloran made their state representative debut for Victoria in the 1981 youth eight which contested the Noel Wilkinson Trophy at the 1981 Australian Interstate Regatta. They again rowed in the Victorian youth eight at the 1982 Australian Interstate Regatta. In 1985 they were selected in the bow seat of the Victorian men's eight which won the King's Cup at the annual Interstate Regatta.
At the 1983 Australian Rowing Championships O'Halloran rowed in Mercantile colours in a coxed four which contested the U23 national coxed four title. In 1985 and 1986 O'Halloran stroked Mercantile coxed fours which contested the national title at the Australian Rowing Championships.
International representative
O'Halloran made their sole national representative appearance in the bow seat of the Australian men's heavyweight eight at 1985 World Rowing Championships in Hazewinkel. That crew rowed to a ninth placing.
Professional career
O'Halloran started out at USP Needham as an advertising Account Manager in Melbourne in 1986 - the same year that the Needham and DDB agency networks merged worldwide. They moved to DDB Auckland in 1988 and rose to become CEO of the New Zealand operation. In 2005 they were appointed Australasian Chairman and CEO and from 2009 they performed that role from New Zealand.
In July 2020 they were named to succeed Wendy Clark as the Global CEO of DDB Worldwide.
References
1962 births
Living people
Australian male rowers
Australian chief executives
Australian advertising executives
The Kalvarienberg is a calvary hill in the nature reserve of Lampertstal near Alendorf, a village in the municipality of Blankenheim in the county of Euskirchen in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
History
Count Salentin Ernest of Manderscheid-Blankenheim (born 1630) realised the idea of an ancestor, who wanted the Alendorf countryside and the (originally so-called) hill of Kelberg to recall the original hill of Calvary in Jerusalem. Between 1663 and 1680 Salentin initially had seven stations of the cross - based on ancient tradition - and a chapel built on the hill. In the 19th century seven more stations were added. The chapel that stood on the site of the present-day cross no longer exists.
The stations, some of which had been badly weathered, were restored with the aid of NRW Foundation for Conservation, Local History and Culture.
Views
From the summit of the Kalvarienberg there is an extensive view over the Eifel region. For example, the Hohe Acht and the Nürburg, 23 kilometres away, may be seen. In addition, the surrounding villages, like Ripsdorf, can also be made out. The Alendorf Kalvarienberg is one of the so-called Eifel sights that can be seen from the North Eifel Nature Park.
Pilgrimages
In Easter Week processions take place from the Gothic church of St. Agatha (1494) to the Alendorf Kalvarienberg. The ascent from the village is a good kilometre long. On the way, the pilgrims pass the stations of the cross that portray the suffering of Jesus Christ when they were crucified. Around the summit are more crosses, made of red sandstone. There is a total of fourteen stations.
Vegetation
The hill is covered by calcareous grassland, which is kept clear by grazing sheep. At intervals of several metres from one another are juniper bushes, which dominate the appearance of the Alendorf Kalvarienberg from some distance away.
References
Mountains and hills of North Rhine-Westphalia
Mountains and hills of the Eifel
Euskirchen (district)
Rita Chikwelu (born 6 March 1988) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a forward and a midfielder for Spanish club Levante Las Planas. They previously played for Umeå IK and Kristianstads DFF.  They are also a member of the Nigeria women's national team (The Super Falcons).
Club career
From 2006 to 2009, Chikwelu played in Finland for FC United. They were the top scorer of Finnish women's league Naisten Liiga in 2009 with 22 goals.
Chikwelu spent seven seasons with Umeå IK from 2010 to 2016, but left upon the club's relegation and joined Kristianstads DFF on a two-year contract.
International career
Chikwelu participated in the FIFA U-20 World Cup from 2004 to 2008 and made their senior national team debut in 2007 at the FIFA women's World Cup. They were a member of the Nigerian Olympic team which participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in China and a member of the Nigerian squad in the 2011 FIFA women's World Cup.
Honours
African Women's Championship Winner: 2016, 2018
References
External links
FIFA.com – Article on Rita Chikwelu
FC United – Picture of Rita and FC United team
FIFA.com – Photo album
1988 births
Living people
Nigerian women's footballers
Nigeria women's international footballers
2007 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Footballers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Nigeria
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Damallsvenskan players
Umeå IK players
Kristianstads DFF players
Kansallinen Liiga players
FC United (Jakobstad) players
Women's association football midfielders
Women's association football forwards
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Nigerian expatriate women's footballers
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate women's footballers in Finland
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate women's footballers in Sweden
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate women's footballers in Spain
The Sun, The Moon and The Truth () is a Burmese legal drama television series. It aired on MRTV for 18 episodes. Season 1 aired from February 13, to April 3, 2015, on every Friday at 21:30 for 8 episodes and season 2 aired from September 5 to 26, 2018, on every Wednesday, Thursday and Friday at 19:15 for 10 episodes.
Cast
Su Pan Htwar as May Hnin Si
Moe Yan Zun as Sai Thura
Nay Yan as Htun Naing
Phone Thike as Nay Min Htet
Khin Zarchi Kyaw as Khin Khin
Nyi Nanda as Khine Htoo San
References
Burmese television series
Johnson County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 12,582. Its county seat is Vienna. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known locally as "Little Egypt".
History
Johnson County was organized in 1812 out of Randolph County. It was named for Richard Mentor Johnson, who was then a U.S. Congressman from Kentucky. In 1813, Johnson commanded a Kentucky regiment at the Battle of the Thames, after which they claimed to have killed Tecumseh in hand-to-hand combat. Johnson went on to become Vice President of the United States.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Vienna have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of was recorded in August 2007. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May.
Major highways
Interstate 24
Interstate 57
U.S. Route 45
Illinois Route 37
Illinois Route 146
Illinois Route 147
Illinois Route 166
Adjacent counties
Williamson County - north
Saline County - northeast
Pope County - east
Massac County - southeast
Pulaski County - southwest
Union County - west
National protected areas
Cypress Creek National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Shawnee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2010
Whereas, according to the 2010 U.S. Census Bureau:
89.0% White
8.0% Black
0.2% Native American
0.2% Asian
0.0% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
1.0% Two or more races
1.6% Other races
3.0% Hispanic or Latino (of any race)
2010
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 12,582 people, 4,584 households, and 3,270 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,598 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 89.0% white, 8.0% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.6% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 17.6% were German, 11.5% were Irish, 10.9% were English, and 6.5% were American.
Of the 4,584 households, 28.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.2% were married couples living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.7% were non-families, and 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.85. The median age was 42.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,619 and the median income for a family was $47,423. Males had a median income of $48,047 versus $30,904 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,402, the lowest of all 102 counties in Illinois and 57th in the U.S. About 11.1% of families and 13.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.0% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Marion (mostly in Williamson County)
Vienna
Villages
Belknap
Buncombe
Cypress
Goreville
New Burnside
Simpson
Unincorporated communities
Bloomfield
Crossroads
Dixon Springs
Elvira
Ganntown
Grantsburg
Ozark
Parker City
Pleasant Grove
Pond
Reevesville
Reynoldsburg
Tunnel Hill
West Vienna
White Hill
Politics
In its early days Johnson County, being strongly Southern in its culture, was fiercely Democratic. In fact, in the 1860 Presidential election the county gave Illinois native and Northern Democrat Stephen A. Douglas a higher proportion of its votes than any other county in the United States.
However, during the Civil War, under the influence of Congressman John Logan, this region of dubious initial loyalty was to provide a number of Union soldiers rivalled on a per capita basis only by a few fiercely Unionist counties in Appalachia.
This level of Union service has meant that despite its historic hostility towards Yankee culture, Johnson County has been powerfully Republican ever since the Civil War. Douglas in 1860 remains the last Democrat to win a majority of the county's vote: the solitary Democratic victory since was by Bill Clinton in 1992 and was due to Ross Perot taking many votes from Republican incumbent George HW Bush.
Education
School districts include:
K-12:
Century Community Unit School District 100
Goreville Community Unit School District 1
Marion Community Unit School District 2
Secondary:
Vienna High School District 133
Elementary:
Buncombe Consolidated School District 43
Cypress School District 64
New Simpson Hill Consolidated District 32
Vienna School District 55
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Johnson County, Illinois
References
Further reading
P.T. Chapman, A History of Johnson County, Illinois. Herrin, IL: Press of the Herrin News, 1925.
Illinois counties
1812 establishments in Illinois Territory
Populated places established in 1812
Johnson County, Illinois
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Styx is a small natural satellite of Pluto whose discovery was announced on 11 July 2012. It was discovered by use of the Hubble Space Telescope. As of 2022, it is the smallest known moon of Pluto. It was imaged along with Pluto and Pluto's other moons by the New Horizons spacecraft in July 2015, albeit poorly with only a single image of Styx obtained.
Styx is the second-closest known satellite to Pluto, and the fifth discovered. It was discovered one year after Kerberos. Styx is approximately across its longest dimension, and its orbital period is 20.1 days.
Discovery and observations
Styx was discovered by a team led by astronomer Mark R. Showalter, using fourteen sets of images taken between 26 June and 9 July 2012 by the Wide Field Camera 3 fitted to the Hubble. The discovery was announced on 11 July 2012. Styx is about half as bright as the dimmest previously known object in the system, Kerberos, and about one hundred thousandth as bright as Pluto. It was designated S/2012 (134340) 1, and informally referred to as P5.
The survey work leading to the discovery of Styx was in preparation for the mission of the unmanned New Horizons spacecraft, which flew by the Pluto system on 14 July 2015. The discovery of another small Plutonian moon heightened concerns that this region of space may harbor more bodies too small to be detected, and that the spacecraft could be damaged by an uncharted body or planetary ring as it traversed the system at a speed of over 13 km/s. Tiny moons, such as Saturn's moon Pallene, tend to be associated with tenuous rings or arcs, because their gravity is unable to hold on to material ejected by meteoroid impacts and such diffuse material represents the chief navigational hazard. However, the New Horizons spacecraft did not detect any smaller moons or rings and it passed through the Pluto system safely.
Origin
The unexpectedly complex moon system around Pluto may be the result of a collision between Pluto and another sizable Kuiper belt object in the distant past. Pluto's moons may have coalesced from the debris from such an event, similar to the early giant impact thought to have created the Earth's Moon. The orbital resonances may have acted as "ruts" to gather material from the collision.
Physical characteristics
Styx was originally estimated to have a diameter of between . These figures were inferred from the apparent magnitude of Styx and by using an estimated albedo of 0.35 and 0.04 for the lower and upper bounds, respectively. After measurements made by New Horizons, it turns out that Styx is (albeit not surprisingly) very irregularly shaped, measuring approximately . It is thought to have formed from the debris lofted by a collision, which would have led to losses of the more volatile ices, such as those of nitrogen and methane, in the composition of the impactors. This process is expected to have created a body consisting mainly of water ice.
Orbit
Styx orbits the Pluto–Charon barycenter at a distance of 42,656 km, putting it between the orbits of Charon and Nix. All of Pluto's moons appear to travel in orbits that are very nearly circular and coplanar, described by Styx's discoverer Mark Showalter as "neatly nested ... a bit like Russian dolls".
It is in an 11:6 orbital resonance with Hydra, and an 11:9 resonance with Nix (the ratios represent numbers of orbits completed per unit time; the period ratios are the inverses). As a result of this "Laplace-like" 3-body resonance, it has conjunctions with Nix and Hydra in a 2:5 ratio.
Its orbital period of 20.16155 days is about 5.0% from a 1:3 mean-motion resonance with the Charon–Pluto orbital period of 6.387 days. With the other moons Nix, Kerberos and Hydra, it forms part of an unusual 1:3:4:5:6 (period ratio) sequence of near resonances. In contrast to the orbit, Stygian rotation is chaotic; like the other small Plutonian moons, Styx is not tidally locked, and its rotation varies over short timescales (at a rate of about 3.239 days at the time of the New Horizons flyby).
Naming
Before any of Pluto's moons were discovered, author Edmond Hamilton referred to three moons of Pluto in their 1940 science fiction novel Calling Captain Future, naming them , , and .
Upon discovery, Styx received the minor planet designation S/2012 (134340) 1 because it was the first satellite (S) discovered orbiting the minor planet 134340 Pluto in 2012. It is known informally as "P5", meaning the fifth Plutonian moon to be discovered. The designation S/2012 P 1 has sometimes been used, following the pre-2006 format where Pluto was still considered a planet and given its own single-letter abbreviation.
The convention for naming Plutonian moons is to use names associated with the god Pluto in classical mythology. To decide on names for P4 and P5, Mark Showalter and the SETI Institute, on behalf of the discovery team, conducted a non-binding internet poll in 2013, in which the general public was invited to vote for their favorite names. The public could choose from a selection of Greek mythological names related to the god Pluto, or could propose their own names. After the initial announcement, William Shatner, the actor who plays Captain James T. Kirk in the Star Trek franchise, proposed the names Vulcan and Romulus, ostensibly referring to the fire god Vulcan (a nephew of Pluto), and to Romulus the founder of Rome, but also alluding to the fictional planets of Vulcan and Romulus in the Star Trek universe. The 'Romulus' suggestion was discounted, as there is already an asteroid moon of that name, but Vulcan won the poll after Shatner tweeted about it, with Cerberus (the dog that guards Pluto's underworld) coming second and Styx (the goddess of the river of the same name in the underworld) coming third. The winning names were submitted to the International Astronomical Union.
However, Vulcan was unacceptable to the IAU because it was not the name of an underworld figure and had already been used for a hypothetical planet inside the orbit of Mercury, as well as having given its name to the vulcanoids.
On 2 July 2013, the IAU announced that it had formally approved the names Styx for P5 and Kerberos for P4.
See also
List of natural satellites
References
External links
Showalter, Mark. Hubble Press Release: Hubble Discovers a Fifth Moon Orbiting Pluto. 11 July 2012.
ZME Science New moon discovered around Pluto – the fifth. 11 July 2012.
Moons of Pluto
Discoveries using the Hubble Space Telescope
20120626
Michael Maron is an American makeup artist, author, beauty industry entrepreneur, photographer, and media personality known for pioneering before-and-after celebrity makeovers on live television, print and video.
Early life
Maron was born in New York and grew up in southern California. They became a professional portrait artist at the age of twelve, dabbled in acting and modeling, appeared in television commercials, and hosted their own radio show on KCRW National Public Radio. After earning a master's degree in filmmaking and television production at UCLA, they joined the UCLA Theater Arts teaching staff and did production work on numerous primetime television shows. A self-taught photographer, Maron specialized in fashion and beauty photography as well as makeup design. Known for personally making up their photography clients, their work caught the eye of legendary model/agent, Wilhelmina Cooper, founder of Wilhelmina Models, who helped launch their career.
Career
One of their first televised appearances was a makeover on comedian Phyllis Diller on The Merv Griffin Show. That episode won an Emmy Award. They have appeared multiple times on The Oprah Winfrey Show and was spotlighted as Oprah's solo guest of the hour, making them over in front of millions of viewers. Their roster of clients includes show business beauties, top models and legendary film stars. Maron has been featured in scores of magazines and television shows.
Maron appears on talk shows as a beauty and lifestyle commentator.
They were co-founder and developer of two successful cosmetic lines on QVC in the U.S., Britain and Germany, and has been one of QVC's long-term, on-air guests and resident beauty authorities.
As former makeup consultant to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, their expertise has been sought after by cosmetic surgeons throughout the U.S. In addition to speaking at medical symposiums and their appearances on the lecture circuit, they have served as spokesperson and consultant for Fortune 500 companies, including Clairol, Matrix Essentials, Shaklee Corporation, Unilever, and the Miss Universe Organization.
Books
Maron's first book, Child Inside Me, was followed by their bestseller, Michael Maron's Instant Makeover Magic. Written and photographed by Maron, this was the first beauty book to show famous Hollywood stars without a stitch of makeup.
Maron began specializing in advanced corrective makeup techniques for burn survivors and individuals with "facial differences". Their next book, Makeover Miracles, was the first beauty book to combine corrective cosmetics with cosmetic surgery and anti-aging strategies. Dr. Elliott H. Rose, reconstructive surgeon and Associate Clinical Professor, Mount Sinai Medical Center, Mount Sinai Hospital, author of the medical reference book, Aesthetic Facial Restoration, invited Maron to contribute a chapter on corrective cosmetic techniques.
Charities
Maron devotes their time and resources to a number of charitable and philanthropic organizations including Operation Smile, and donates their expertise to those in need by conducting makeovers and seminars in burn centers and women's prisons.
Maron currently resides in Los Angeles.
Media appearances
The Oprah Winfrey Show
The Merv Griffin Show
Live with Regis and Kathie Lee
Good Morning America
Today
The Phil Donahue Show
The Montel Williams Show
The Jerry Springer Show
The Sally Jessy Raphael Show
A.M. Los Angeles
Home Show
USA Cable Great American Homemaker
References
External links
UCLA Film School alumni
Living people
American make-up artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a district of Shinagawa, Tokyo, Japan. Nishigotanda is located at the northern part of Shinagawa. It consists of 1 to 8-chōme, and its total population is 20,187 (as of February 1, 2008).
Nishigotanda borders Kamiōsaki and Higashigotanda, Shinagawa on the northeast; Ǒsaki, Shinagawa on the east; Togoshi and Hiratsuka, Shinagawa on the southeast; Ebara, Shinagawa on the south; Koyama, Shinagawa on the southwest; Koyamadai, Shinagawa on the west; and Shimomeguro, Meguro on the northwest.
Pola Cosmetics is headquartered in Nishigotanda.
Nishigotanda 7-chome is home to the 13-story commercial building Toc Building. It houses an exhibition hall, a conference room, and a number of shops, including Office Depot, Uniqlo, Natural Lawson, ABC-Mart, Shop99, and Orihica.
Districts of Shinagawa
Thabiso Kutumela (born 1 July 1993) is a South African soccer player who currently plays for Mamelodi Sundowns and the South Africa national team. They represented South Africa in the soccer competition at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
International career
International goals
Scores and results list South Africa's goal tally first.
Honours
Baroka F.C.
National First Division - 2015–16 National First Division
Mamelodi Sundowns F.C.
South African Premier Division - 20/21
Nedbank Cup - 2021–22 Nedbank Cup
MTN 8 - 2021 MTN 8
References
External links
South African soccer players
1994 births
Living people
Footballers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic soccer players of South Africa
Association football forwards
Baroka F.C. players
Orlando Pirates F.C. players
Maritzburg United F.C. players
South African Premier Division players
South Africa international soccer players
Fred Strutt is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition.
Strutt, a , began their rugby league career with the St George Dragons in 1960. They played just the one match for the Dragons before joining the Eastern Suburbs club in 1963.
Strutt is recognized as Eastern Suburbs' 530th player. They played in 15 matches for the Roosters during the 1963 season.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Sydney Roosters players
Rugby league locks
St. George Dragons players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ng Lam Hua is a Malaysian politician from DAP. They were the Member of Johor State Legislative Assembly for Mengkibol from 2008 to 2013.
Politics
They were the Chief of DAP Kluang division and Taman Intan branch. They were dropped as the candidate for Mengkibol in the 2013 Malaysian general election and was promised to be named as a candidate for another constituency by Lim Guan Eng, but the promise was not kept.
Election result
Health
They passed away due to a heart attack in their house on 29 September 2013.
References
Malaysian politicians
People from Johor
Democratic Action Party (Malaysia) politicians
Members of the Johor State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Malaysian politicians of Chinese descent
1949 births
2013 deaths
The Bautzen–Bad Schandau railway is a 64-kilometre long railway line in the state of Saxony, Germany, which connects Bautzen to Bad Schandau via Neukirch/Lausitz, Neustadt in Sachsen and Sebnitz. The railway was opened fully in 1898. The part between Neustadt in Sachsen and Bad Schandau is also known as Sebnitztalbahn (Sebnitz valley railway). Today only the sections of Wilthen–Oberottendorf and Neustadt–Bad Schandau are still in operation.
History
Construction of the line began in 1874 and by the inauguration in 1877 had cost 9.8 million Reichsmark, 1 million of which going to the construction of the bridge over the Elbe at Bad Schandau. The Neustadt-Bad Schandau section opened on 1 July 1877 and the Bautzen-Neustadt section opened on 1 September 1877. Trains travelling on the 65 km long railway needed approximately 2 hours and 40 minutes. In Wilthen und Neustadt at the time, direct connections existed to the trains from and to Ebersbach and Dürrröhrsdorf.
The railway celebrated its centenary on 1 July 1977. The central point was Sebnitz railway station, where an exhibition of trains was presented. Special trips were run on the heritage trains of the Deutsche Reichsbahn.
The freight section between Bautzen and Wilthen closed on 31 December 1994. Since 12 December 2004, the non-stop passenger trains between Bautzen and Neustadt have also stopped. The section Neukirch-Wilthen is still used by local trains connecting Dresden and Zittau.
Services
The Bautzen–Bad Schandau railway is used by the following passenger services:
RE2 Dresden Hbf - Bischofswerda − Ebersbach (Sachs) − Zittau (between Neukirch West and Wilthen)
RB61 Dresden Hbf − Bischofswerda − Ebersbach (Sachs) − Zittau (between Neukirch West and Wilthen)
SB71 Pirna - Neustadt - Bad Schandau (between Neustadt and Bad Schandau).
References
Railway lines in Saxony
Standard gauge railways in Germany
Railway lines opened in 1877
1877 establishments in Germany
A mass arrest occurs when police apprehend large numbers of suspects at once. This sometimes occurs at protests. Some mass arrests are also used in an effort to combat gang activity. This is sometimes controversial, and lawsuits sometimes result. In police science, it is deemed to be good practice to plan for the identification of those arrested during mass arrests, since it is unlikely that the officers will remember everyone they arrested.
Historical examples
The Japan Farmers' Union and Japanese labor-farmer groups were hit by mass arrests in the 1920s. On April 16, 1929, several thousand members of the farmers' movement were arrested. Following World War II, mass arrests (over 120,000) of actual and suspected Quislings occurred in Norway. Totalitarian regimes have sometimes conducted mass arrests as a prelude to a purge of perceived political enemies, sometimes through executions.
On March 10, 2010 a mass crackdown was initiated to thwart a planned peaceful 'million march' to be conducted in a South Indian state capital of Hyderabad demanding formation of a new federal unit, more than 100,000 Telangana people were taken in to custody by a police force controlled by the coastal 'andhra' elites.
The 2010 G-20 Toronto summit was witness to the largest mass arrest in Canadian history.
Mass arrests of protesters in the United States
In December 1964, the University of California, Berkeley was disrupted by a mass student sit-in in the administration building and by mass arrests of 700 students.
Beginning on May 3, 1971, three days into the 1971 May Day Protests - a series of large-scale civil disobedience actions in Washington, D.C. - massive arrest sweeps begin. In a few days over 12,000 are arrested - the largest mass arrest in U.S. history.
Former American President Jimmy Carter said in regards to the racial conflicts of the time, "I would be opposed to mass arrest, and I would be opposed to preventive detention. But I think that the abuses in the past have in many cases exacerbated the disharmonies that brought about demonstrations, and I think that arrest or large numbers of people without warrants ... is a contrary to our best systems of justice."
A famous mass arrest occurred on September 27, 2002, in Washington, DC in which several hundred anti-World Bank/International Monetary Fund protestors, journalists and bystanders were systematically arrested by police and charged with failure to obey a police order. A class action lawsuit against the government ensued. Pre-emptive mass arrests have also sometimes been criticized.
Over 1,700 protesters were arrested during the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York City.
On October 1, 2011, more than 700 protesters with the Occupy Wall Street movement were arrested while attempting to march across the bridge on the roadway.
On January 28, 2012, more than 400 people were arrested at Oakland.
During a seven-day span on Capitol Hill, from April 11 through April 18, 2016 police arrested approximately 1,240 people (300 arrests were made on April 18 alone) who were demonstrating for reforms to how Americans vote and campaign in elections.
On November 4, 2020, 646 protesters were arrested on Highway 94 in Minneapolis.
War crime
Indiscriminate mass arrests were designated a war crime in 1944 by a commission on war crimes created by the London International Assembly. Thar was one of two items added by that Commission to the list of war crimes that had been drawn up by the Commission on the Responsibility of the Authors of the War and on Enforcement of Penalties in 1919. Specifically, "indiscriminate mass arrests for the purpose of terrorizing the population" were designated as war crimes by the commission.
At the Netherlands temporary court martial in 1947, several members of the tokkeitai in the Netherlands East Indies were accused of the war crime of indiscriminate mass arrests. The applicable legislation, used by the court, was the NEI Statute Book Decree #44 of 1946, whose definition of war crimes paralleled the commission's list. Specifically, item #34 of the enumerated list of war crimes under the NEI legislation was "indiscriminate mass arrests for the purpose of terrorising the population, whether described as taking hostages or not". The court understood the definition of such unlawful mass arrests to be as "arrests of groups of persons firstly on the ground of wild rumours and suppositions, and secondly without definite facts and indications being present with regard to each person which would justify their arrest". It added commentary on indiscriminate mass arrests that are for the purpose of terrorizing the populace by stating that they "contained the elements of systematic terrorism for nobody, even the most innocent, was any longer certain of their liberty, and a person once arrested, even if absolutely innocent, could no longer be sure of health and life".
See also
Arbitrary arrest and detention
January 2021 arrests of Hong Kong pro-democracy activists
References
Criminal justice
Crowd control
Political repression
Roberto Borelli (born 3 December 1963) is a Brazilian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
See also
Brazil men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from São Paulo
20th-century Brazilian people
Stretch #1 is a sculpture by Evan Penny in the collection of the Art Gallery of Ontario located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Description
Stretch #1 (2003) is a silicone sculpture and a component of the Stretch and Anamorph series by the Canadian artist Evan Penny. This series explores the manipulation of images of the human body that has been made possible with editing programs such as Photoshop. Penny's large-scale, distorted, silicone sculptures show what these two-dimensional image renderings would look like in three-dimensional form. The tension between the photographic-realism of two-dimensional visual media and three-dimensional sculpture has been the theme for most of Penny's career.
“I try to situate my sculpture somewhere between the way we perceive each other in real time and space and the way we perceive ourselves and each other in an image.” – Evan Penny
With the word "stretch", Penny is referring to the editing effect of the same name in Photoshop. "Anamorph" is an optics term that refers to the illusion created when a distorted image appears as if it is in normal perspective when viewed from a particular angle. Instead of working from a normal image, skewing it in Photoshop, and then rendering it in clay, as one might expect, Penny creates their three-dimensional sculptures from a skewed sketch of an imaginary character which they then moulds into clay. Penny describes the process in the following geometric terms. If you stretch out a cube by each of the eight corners in completely different directions and angles until there are no right angles or parallel lines left, what you have is a three-dimensional rhomboid. When viewed at a certain angle it may appear to be a normal cube, but physically it remains distorted. When photographed Penny's sculptures can be compressed in Photoshop to create a very realistic two-dimensional image of a naturally proportioned person, but everything around them will be distorted.
Penny claims to begin each sculpture with a question to himself, “What would happen if I take a distortion of the human body that is ‘normalized' in an image context, that we might assume belongs exclusively to the image world, and bring that into the space we physically occupy?” The result are sculptures that are fascinating in their attention to details, and horrific in their flattened, unnatural forms. They are at once “wholly unbelievable and undeniable.”
Historical information
Acquisition
This work was gifted to the AGO in 2008 by David and Kristin Ferguson.
Artist
References
External links
Evan Penny's website
Sculptures in Canada
Collections of the Art Gallery of Ontario
Aluminium sculptures in Canada
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League for the 1986–87 season.
Overview
Bahrain Riffa Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1986–87 in Bahraini football
The Botswana Hockey Association is the governing body of field hockey in Botswana. It is affiliated to IHF International Hockey Federation and AHF African Hockey Federation. The headquarters of the association is in Gaborone, Botswana.
Ms. Unaswi Matebu is the President of the association and Ms. Dear Ramajalwa is their deputy. Mr. Vaughan Strugnell handles the post of the Secretary.
History
See also
African Hockey Federation
References
External links
Official Website
Botswana-FIH
Botswana Hockey-FB
Botswana
Hockey
The 1983-84 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Béziers beating Agen in the final.
Formula
Forty clubs divide into five pools of eight.
Ten teams (the first two of each pool) are admitted directly into the "last 16" round,
The 3rd and 4th of each pool and the better two classified as 5th, play a barrage.
Qualification round
The teams are listed as the ranking, in bold the teams admitted directly to "last 16" round.
Knoxkout stages
Barrage
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round.
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale 1984 lnr.fr
1984
France 1984
Championship
Lindsay Hyde (born 1982) is the founder and President of Strong Women, Strong Girls, Inc. (SWSG), a Massachusetts-based not-for-profit organization that helps at-risk girls in grades 3-5 build positive self-esteem and skills.
Hyde is a 2004 graduate of Harvard University, where they were a resident of Dunster House. They were named one of Glamour Magazine's "Top Ten College Women" in 2003 (). They were named one of 2004s 10 'Outstanding Women" by the YWCA of Cambridge ().
They were awarded the Seventeen Magazine National Youth Volunteerism Award. They also received the National Grand Prize Re-Act Take Action Award (). In June 2006, they received the Samuel S. Beard Award for Greatest Public Service by an Individual 35 Years or Under (). In past years, the award has recognized individuals such as Lance Armstrong, Faith Hill, Sally Ride, Steven Jobs, Max Cleland and Peyton Manning.
References
"Strong Women, Strong Girls" Website
The Boston Globe: "Girl Authority"
Lindsay Hyde on "Transforming Inspiration into Action"
Lindsay Hyde, featured on the cover of Student Leader Magazine
Harvard Gazette: Lindsay Hyde '04 nurtures Strong Women, Strong Girls
Mosaic 2006. Includes summary of presentation by Hyde, "I Wanna be a Super (Role) Model: Women and Mentorship"
Jefferson Awards
1982 births
Living people
American activists
Harvard University alumni
People from Miami
Alangium rotundifolium is a tree in the family Cornaceae. The specific epithet is from the Latin meaning "rounded leaves".
Description
Alangium rotundifolium grows up to tall with a trunk diameter of up to . The smooth to scaly bark is white to pale grey. The fragrant flowers are white or cream to yellow. The ovate-ellipsoid fruits are reddish when ripe.
Distribution and habitat
Alangium rotundifolium grows naturally in Sumatra, Peninsular Malaysia, Java and Borneo. Its habitat is forests from to altitude.
References
rotundifolium
Trees of Malesia
Plants described in 1859
Kohl Children's Museum of Greater Chicago is a children's museum in Glenview, Illinois that provides a hands-on learning laboratory for children ages birth to 8. It is named for philanthropist Dolores Kohl, daughter of the founder of Kohl's department stores, who founded the museum through their education foundation in 1985. Located on an site, including a museum building and a outdoor exhibit space, the museum features exhibits and programs aligned to the Illinois State Learning Standards and designed to make learning fun and interesting for young children.
History
In 1985, the museum was opened as an extension of the Kohl Teaching Center. It was located in Wilmette, Illinois along Green Bay Road (Illinois Route 131). In 2005, the museum moved to a new location in Glenview, Illinois. The new location is located in "The Glen", the redevelopment of the former Naval Air Station Glenview site. The new building is roughly twice the size of the original one.
Accessibility
The museum is equally available to guests with any level of physical, visual, auditory, or cognitive challenge. All public areas are 100% ADA-compliant. The facility and all exhibits have been designed using the principles of universal design, which go beyond accessibility with an approach that uses multi-sensory experiences as educational tools. These experiences allow all guests with any level of physical, visual, auditory, and cognitive ability to experience the Museum and its offerings.
Green building
Kohl Children's Museum has created an environmentally friendly, energy-efficient facility that has earned Silver-level certification as a LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) building from the U.S. Green Building Council.
Signage and activities provide children and families with hands-on learning opportunities about environmental concerns in both the indoor and outdoor exhibit spaces, accessible year-round.
Exhibits
Kohl Children's Museum houses 17 hands-on, interactive exhibits.
Visitors
Around 350,000 people visit Kohl Children's Museum each year. The museum has over 7,500 member families.
Outreach programs
For many years, the museum has reached out to underserved and at-risk communities through its Early Childhood Connections program, working primarily with Chicago Public Schools. The museum is now able to offer its programs to families in the nearby village and city of Wheeling and Waukegan and has also developed outreach programs on anti-bias initiatives and healthy lifestyles in 2007 and 2008.
References
External links
Kohl Children's Museum
Children's museums in Illinois
Museums in Cook County, Illinois
Glenview, Illinois
Hindaun Fort, in the area of Hindaun in Karauli District of the Indian state of Rajasthan.The Fort was built by Dagur clan of Jats who carved out a principality around Hindaun from the Mughal Empire.
References
Royal residences in India
Forts in Rajasthan
Hindaun Block
Tourist attractions in Hindaun
Sandstone buildings in India
Crittenden County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. At the 2010 census, the population was 9,315. Its county seat is Marion. The county was formed in 1842 and named for John J. Crittenden, senator and future Governor of Kentucky. It is a prohibition or dry county.
History
Crittenden County, located on the Ohio and Tradewater Rivers in the Pennyroyal region of Kentucky, was created by the state legislature on April 1, 1842, from a portion of Livingston County. It became the state's 91st county, and was named for John J. Crittenden, a U.S. senator, attorney general, and governor of Kentucky. The first county seat was in Crooked Creek, but it was moved to Marion just two years later.
Crittenden County was once crossed by the Chickasaw Road, which was a part of the Old Saline Trace. This footpath was used by Native Americans when hunting game that crossed the Ohio River to the salt licks in Illinois. The first settler in the area was James Armstrong, who arrived from South Carolina in 1786 and built a log cabin. Their family joined them five years later, along with other families who came to settle there. Early in the nineteenth century, Flynn's Ferry was established where the trail crossed the river.
Generally pro-Confederate during the American Civil War, the county saw little fighting, although both armies passed through it repeatedly. However, several skirmishes did place there, and the county courthouse was burned by Confederate Brigadier General Hylan B. Lyon during their raid across western Kentucky in December 1864. Lyon's men, all Kentuckians, burned a total of seven courthouses, since the Union Army was using them for barracks. The Confederates allowed the locals to remove the records before setting fire to the courthouses.
Crittenden County has valuable deposits of fluorspar, zinc, porcelain, coal, limestone, and sand for making glass. Marion was primarily an industrial town in the 1840s associated with the large fluorspar mining industry. This industry peaked in 1947 and has been in slow decline since. Iron production was also a prominent industry in the mid-19th century, with several furnaces being built in the county, one owned by Andrew Jackson. Other products produced in the county include lumber, glass, modular homes, and blue crystal that was made famous by Ball canning jars. Today the county has a strong agricultural economy. In 1992, 66 percent of the population lived on farms, with 45 percent of the population reporting farming as their primary occupation.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.0%) is water. Its northwestern border with Illinois is formed by the Ohio River.
Major highways
U.S. Route 60
U.S. Route 641
Kentucky Route 70
Kentucky Route 91
Kentucky Route 120
Kentucky Route 295
Adjacent counties
Hardin County, Illinois (northwest)
Union County (north)
Webster County (northeast)
Caldwell County (southeast)
Lyon County (south)
Livingston County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,384 people, 3,829 households, and 2,707 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 4,410 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.24% White, 0.65% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.09% Asian, 0.14% from other races, and 0.74% from two or more races. 0.51% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,829 households, out of which 29.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.80% were married couples living together, 8.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.30% were non-families. 27.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.93.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.20% under the age of 18, 8.00% from 18 to 24, 26.10% from 25 to 44, 26.40% from 45 to 64, and 16.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 93.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,060, and the median income for a family was $36,462. Males had a median income of $30,509 versus $18,961 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,262. About 14.70% of families and 19.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.80% of those under age 18 and 15.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Marion (county seat)
Census-designated places
Crayne
Tolu
Other unincorporated communities
Dycusburg
Frances
Mattoon
Mexico
Midway
Shady Grove
Sheridan
Ghost towns
Fords Ferry
Bell Mines
Politics
Although Crittenden County was by no means pro-Union during the Civil War – only 4.02 percent of its white male population served in the Union Army vis-à-vis over six percent for Kentucky as a whole – the county became strongly Republican in later years due to its deep ties to Illinois areas which came to support that party as a result of the war. Since 1884, the solitary Democrat to gain a majority in Crittenden County has been Jimmy Carter in 1976, although William Jennings Bryan won by two votes in 1896 and Bill Clinton obtained a plurality of 164 votes in 1992.
In gubernatorial elections, Crittenden was during the twentieth century likewise frequently the only county west of the Western Coalfield to support the Republican candidate – a scenario observed in 1979, and with one exception in 1995.
Education
Students in Crittenden County attend Crittenden County Schools located in Marion.
Notable people
Lee Cruce, attorney, second Governor of Oklahoma, Crittenden County native, Democratic Party (United States).
William J. Deboe (June 30, 1849 – June 15, 1927), a Republican, was a U.S. Senator representing Kentucky from 1897 to 1903.
Ollie M. James (July 27, 1871 – August 28, 1918), a Democrat, represented Kentucky in the United States House of Representatives from 1903 to 1913 and the United States Senate from 1913 to 1918.
Walter Walker (1883-1932), a Democrat, was a United States Senator representing Colorado in 1932, and a newspaperman in Grand Junction, Colorado.
Kenneth W. Winters, a Republican member of the Kentucky State Senate, was born in Crittenden County but resides in Murray, Kentucky.
Forrest Pogue (1912-1996), eminent military historian, a combat historian in the US Army during World War II, author of the biography of General George C. Marshall, and Director of the George C. Marshall Foundation and library in Lexington, VA.
Shelby Hearon (1931- ), author, recipient of fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation, the National Endowment for the Arts, and the Ingram Merrill Foundation, winner of an American Academy of Arts and Letters Literature Award.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crittenden County, Kentucky
References
1842 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1842
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
The gizmo key is a key commonly found on the B foot joint of certain models of flute. It closes the low B tone hole without closing the low C tone hole or the low C tone hole, which is intended to facilitate the performance of the fourth octave C.
The gizmo key was introduced by Verne Q. Powell (Powell Flutes), in response to criticisms of the B foot joint by performers such as Jean-Pierre Rampal, who believed that the lengthened tube made it harder for them to produce the highest notes. It is now common on the instrument.
Further reading
Nancy Toff, The Flute Book (Charles Scribner's Sons, 1985). The Development of the Modern Flute, pp. 23-24
Woodwind instrument parts and accessories
Side-blown flutes
Yilan County, alternately spelled I-lan, is a county in northeastern Taiwan, Republic of China.
Name
The name Yilan derives from the indigenous Kavalan people. Other former names in reference to this area in the Yilan Plain include Kabalan, Kavalan, Kavaland, kap-a-lan, Yiland and Gilan. Before 2009, the county's official name was transliterated as Ilan.
History
Early history
Since early ages, many people have traveled from far places to Yilan. Indigenous tribes that have settled in Yilan are Kavalan people and Atayal people.
The Kavalan people came by the sea and lived by the river at Yilan Plain since around 1,000 years ago. They mostly speak the Austronesian languages. Their settlements consisted of small villages along rivers with around 40-50 communities scattered around the area with a total population of approximately 10,000 people. The Atayal people came by crossing the Xiyuan Pass and settled in the mountain areas.
The Atayal people arrived in Yilan around 250 years ago and settled along the upper Dazhuoshui River. Later, the tribes crossed the Siyuan Pass to reach the valley upstream of the Zhuoshui River. These people are the current residents of Datong Township. Other parts of the Atayal people headed east to enter and settle along the Nan'ao North River and Heping North River. These groups are now settled in Nan-ao Township.
Around 200 years ago, at the end of the 18th century, the Han Chinese traversed the mountain range and settled in Yilan. Large populations began taming the wilderness, cultivating the fields and building irrigation channels. They used various means to seize lands from the Kavalans. Some Kavalans left their homes while some others migrated southwards to Hualien and Taitung coastlines and established settlements.
Spanish Formosa
The Spaniards began arriving in Taiwan in the 17th century. In 1626, the Spaniards led an invasion under the pretext of ship crews having been slain by Taiwanese barbarians. They then torched harbors and surrounding villages, and even went as far as taking over Su'ao Town and established a city called Saint Lorenzo.
Dutch Formosa
The Spaniards were subsequently ousted by the Dutch who had taken over the southern part of Taiwan and established Dutch Formosa. In 1640, the Dutch began contacting Han Chinese merchants for trade and levying taxes on various commercial goods. The merchants had to pay all company taxes but also enjoyed the right to monopolize trade.
Kingdom of Tungning
During the Kingdom of Tungning era, the previous economy monopoly system developed during the Dutch Formosa continued to be practiced.
Qing dynasty
When the Qing Dynasty annexed Taiwan, they established the Kavalan sub-prefecture in Yilan. In 1806, armed conflicts broke out among various ethnic immigrants, followed by pillaging by pirates. The Qing Dynasty government subsequently realized that if they continued to disregard the Kavalan people and did not establish rule of law and a system of defense, Yilan would become a haven for criminals and outlaws, a thorn in the side for Taiwan. In 1809, Jiaqing Emperor incorporated Kavalan into the domain of the empire. Troops were dispatched to quell pirate attacks and chart local territory.
Local government systems in Taiwan underwent many changes during the Qing Dynasty period. But with regards to administrative levels lower than the county, including local villages, there were no major changes. The earliest organization and planning of Yilan consisted of seven citadels. In 1835, the seven citadels were further divided into 12 citadels based on the needs of the changing population and environment. This arrangement remained unchanged until the end of Qing Dynasty rule.
After the Mudan Incident in 1874, Qing rulers changed their passive attitude and took a more ambitious approach in ruling Taiwan. The original aboriginal term Kavalan district was renamed with a more Han-centric Yilan name and the administrative system was also changed accordingly from the original temporary "district" to a formally governed "county". In 1875, the newly created Taipeh Prefecture included modern-day Yilan County.
Empire of Japan
After the First Sino-Japanese War in 1894, the Qing government handed over Taiwan to Japan in accordance with the Treaty of Shimonoseki. Modern-day Yilan County covers , , and as they existed from 1920 to 1945, all under Taihoku Prefecture, during Japanese rule.
Republic of China
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in October 1945, the present-day area of Yilan County was incorporated under Taipei County. On 10 October 1950, Yilan County was established as a county of Taiwan Province with Yilan City as the county seat.
Geography
Yilan County sits on the Yilan Plain, a combined alluvial plain created by Lanyang River and other minor streams with a rough shape of triangle. On the three vertices of the triangle sit the Toucheng, Sanxing and Su-ao Townships with a roughly equal distance of 30 km on the three sides. The Xueshan Range sits on the northwest of Yilan County from Toucheng to Sanxing. The county is geographically divided into the cliffs and the plains. The Central Mountain Range sits to the south from Sanxing to Su'ao.
The Upper Lanyang River is steep and the rapid current is highly erosive. Large amount of silt carried by the river have little time to settle because of the high slope of the lands where it flows out of the mountains and valleys. An alluvial fan is formed as a result of scattered sand and gravel settling down. Large amount of gravel accumulate in the shallow stream bed, creating alluvial fans that often forms into web-like pattern. The river tends to change courses after floods caused by heavy rainfall or river overflow. The Lanyang River slows down as it reaches mid and downstream where silt begins to settle.
Yilan County is located in the northeastern Taiwan Island which covers an area of 2,143 km2. The longest distance from east to west is 63 km and from north to south is 74 km. From the mountain areas downwards, the land falls in altitude in the stages of mountains, alleys, alluvial plains, lowlands, swamps, sand hills and finally coastline.
Yilan's Toucheng Township includes Guishan Island and Guiluan Island. The Senkaku Islands, known in Mandarin as the Diaoyu Islands, are claimed as part of the township.
Government
Yilan County is administered as a county of Taiwan Province. Yilan City is the county seat which houses the Yilan County Government and Yilan County Council. The county is headed by Magistrate Lin Zi-miao of the Kuomintang.
Elected magistrates
Chen Ding-nan (1981-1989)
Yu Shyi-kun (1989-1997)
Liu Shou-cheng (1997-2005)
Lu Kuo-hua (2005-2009)
Lin Tsung-hsien (2009-2017)
Wu Tze-cheng (2017)
Chen Chin-te (2017-2018)
Lin Zi-miao (2018)
Administrative divisions
Yilan County is divided into 1 city, 3 urban townships, 6 rural townships and 2 mountain indigenous townships.
Colors indicate the common language status of Formosan languages within each division.
Politics
Yilan County voted one Democratic Progressive Party legislator out of one seat to be in the Legislative Yuan during the 2016 Republic of China legislative election.
Demographics and culture
Population
Today Han Chinese comprises the majority of the population in Yilan County.
Education
Education related affairs in Yilan County is governed by the Education Department of Yilan County Government. The county houses several public and private universities and colleges such as the National Ilan University, National Lan-Yang Girls' Senior High school, National Yilan Senior High School, Lan Yang Institute of Technology and St. Mary's Medicine Nursing and Management College.
Energy
Yilan County has 40 MW renewable energy capacity from an incinerator plant and two hydroelectric power plants. It houses the Qingshui Geothermal Power Plant.
Sports
Yilan County was the host for the 2009 Asian Rowing Championships.
Tourist attractions
Guishan Island
Jim and Dad's Brewery
Erjie Rice Barn
Jiuliao River Ecological Park
Luodong Forestry Culture Park
Su'ao Fortress
Memorial Hall of Founding of Yilan Administration
Northeast Coast National Scenic Area
Jiaoxi Hot Springs ()
Wufongci Scenic Area ()
Taiping Mountain
Luodong Night Market
National Center for Traditional Arts
Spring Onion Culture Museum
Changpi Lake
Lee Rong-chun Literary Museum
Old Dali Bridge
Tofu Cape
Yilan Brick Kiln
Toucheng Leisure Farm
Wufengqi Waterfall
Wulaokeng Scenic Area
Yilan Museum of Art
Yilan Literary Museum
Zhu Dayu Culture Museum
Nantian Temple
Kailu Xianfengye Temple
Baitul Muslimin Mosque
Festivals
Yilan International Children's Folklore and Folkgame Festival, “A dreamland for the children of Taiwan, a magnet for art from around the world, a garden of culture for the people of Ilan.” Seven years ago, these were the concepts that launched the first ICFFF, and over the years the people of Yilan have been making it happen step by step. Of all Taiwan's folk festivals, the ICFFF is probably the best known internationally.
Each summer, Dongshan River Water Park attracts countless children and the themes of the various years have become for many part of the collective memory. The number of people attending has grown each year since the festival was first held in 1996, surpassing one million visits for the first time in 2002. Not only does the event enrich Yilan's cultural soil and create business opportunities, it offers a highly successful example which other cities and counties across Taiwan can draw on as they also attempt to bring more culture and art into the life of their communities.
Started from 2004, Yilan Green International Film Festival (GIFT; ) is a non-competition film festival which launched its 3rd edition from 28/4 to 06/5, 2006. GIFT also aims to build up an archive collecting the selected works for the purposes of relevant research as well as education.
Yilan International Collegiate Invitational Regatta
Yilan Green Expo started from 2000. The Expo hold in spring every year and always locate on Wulaokeng, Su'ao. The spindle of Expo normally has three parts and there are agricultural life, ecological conservation, sustainable future. It attracts 300~400 thousand people every year in average.
Transportation
Rail
The Yilan Line and North-Link Line of Taiwan Railways Administration pass the county. Train stations within the two lines in the county are Shihcheng, Dali, Daxi, Guishan, Wai-ao, Toucheng, Dingpu, Jiaoxi, Sicheng, Yilan, Erjie, Zhongli, Luodong, Dongshan, Xinma, Su'aoxin, Su'ao, Yongle, Dong-ao, Wuta and Hanben Station.
On 21 October 2018, it was the site of a train derailment that killed 18 passengers and injured 178.
Water
Harbors in the county include Wushi Harbor.
See also
List of Taiwanese superlatives
Notes
Words in native languages
References
External links
ICFFF website
NE Coast National Scenic Area website
Wufongci Waterfall
Yilan - A Natural Choice for Families
Taiwan placenames originating from Formosan languages
The Edgewater Beach Hotel was a resort hotel complex on Lake Michigan in the far-north neighborhood community of Edgewater in Chicago, Illinois, designed by Benjamin H. Marshall and Charles E. Fox. The first section was built in 1916 for its owners John Tobin Connery and James Patrick Connery, located between Sheridan Road and Lake Michigan at Berwyn Avenue. An adjacent south tower building was added in 1924. The resort hosted famous movie and sports stars, and later Martin Luther King Jr. It was also the setting for the celebrity stalking case and shooting that inspired the novel and movie The Natural. The hotel closed in 1967, and was soon after demolished.
The Edgewater Beach Apartments to the north were completed as part of the hotel resort complex in 1928. The "sunset pink" apartments complemented the "sunrise yellow" hotel in a similar architectural style. The apartments remain standing and have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Design
Designed by Chicago-based architects Marshall and Fox in September 1915, the complex comprised several buildings and recreation grounds. The Main Building, modeled in the shape of a croix fourchée ("forked cross"), initially had 400 rooms and opened on June 3, 1916. It quickly became a success, with a one-story addition to the northeast and southeast wings of the building added in 1919. In April 1923, construction began on a $3 million, 19 stories, 600-room tower addition to the south of the Main Building. The Tower Building, which opened for occupancy on February 9, 1924, had a stepped design, tallest at its center, with lower sections to the east and west of the center. The addition, initially called the Annex, was connected to the Main Building by a large hall known as the Passaggio. High-end shops lined the ground floor of the Sheridan Road side, and a marble-tiled open air dance floor and bandshell, known as the Beach Walk, faced the Lake Michigan side.
The hotel had a 1,200-foot private beach and offered seaplane service to downtown Chicago. When both buildings were initially constructed, the hotel sat from Lake Michigan. The 1933 extension of Lake Shore Drive north to Foster Avenue resulted in the creation of a private bathing beach east of the hotel and north of Foster along the Lake Michigan shore.
History
The hotel served many famous guests, including Marilyn Monroe, Frank Sinatra, Judy Garland, Charlie Chaplin, Bette Davis, Lena Horne, Tallulah Bankhead, Nat King Cole, and U.S. Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Dwight D. Eisenhower. The hotel was known for hosting big bands such as those of Benny Goodman, Tommy Dorsey, Glenn Miller, Artie Shaw, Xavier Cugat, Dan Russo, Ted Fiorito, and Wayne King, which were also broadcast on the hotel's own radio station, a precursor to WGN, with the call letters WEBH. In January 1963, Martin Luther King Jr. spoke at the hotel at the Conference on Religion and Race. In the winter months, the bands played in the Marine Dining Room and, in the summer months, outdoors on the Beach Walk. On the first floor of the hotel, guests walked on a wooden gangway into the Yacht Club for cocktails. In the early days women were not permitted to sit at the bar.
On June 14, 1949, Philadelphia Phillies first baseman Eddie Waitkus was shot and nearly killed by an obsessive fan at the hotel, 19-year-old Ruth Steinhagen; this later would be a large part of the inspiration behind Bernard Malamud's novel The Natural.
The 1951–54 extension of Lake Shore Drive from Foster Avenue to Hollywood Avenue reduced direct access to Lake Michigan, leading to a reduction in business. This roadway was built on landfill in the area that had been the private beach for the hotel. While new public beaches serving the Edgewater neighborhood were eventually created, they did not replace the hotel's own beach. After the hotel was cut off from the lake by the new drive, a swimming pool was added in 1953. In 1960, in order to compete with popular downtown hotels, the Edgewater Beach underwent a $900,000 renovation which included the installation of air conditioning. Approximately 30% of rooms, including restaurants and public spaces of the hotel, were fitted with air conditioning. By 1961, that number rose to nearly 70%.
From January 14–17, 1963, the National Conference on Religion and Race was held at the resort. Martin Luther King Jr., assisted by Wyatt Tee Walker, was on the steering committee for the conference, which was called by the National Council of Churches, Synagogue Council of America, and the National Catholic Welfare Conference. King gave a major address at the conference, "A Challenge to Justice and Love", to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation. They called the conference, "the most significant and historic ever held for attacking racial injustice." A statement in support of civil rights from President John F. Kennedy was read and Abraham J. Heschel also spoke. The conference adopted An Appeal to the Conscience of the American People for a moral end to racism.
Apartments
The Edgewater Beach Co-op Apartments, built in 1928 at the north end of the property, and shown in the photo at right, is the only part of the hotel complex to survive and is part of the Bryn Mawr Historic District. As they had before with many their other projects, such as the South Shore Country Club, the Blackstone Hotel, the Drake Hotel and Drake Tower, architect Benjamin Marshall designed the apartment building with accoutrements suited for the well-to-do. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. The apartments stand at the north end of Lake Shore Drive, quite visible to the passing traffic, and unusual in Chicago for the "sunset pink" exterior. When both buildings stood, the color coordinated with the "sunrise yellow" of the hotel.
The retail portion of the current building contains the Anna Held Floral Shop and a restaurant.
Closure and Demolition
The hotel closed abruptly on December 21, 1967, following bankruptcy proceedings. The hotel had stopped catering to the "carriage trade" and tried to gain convention business, which effort failed. The building was leased to Loyola University in the fall of 1968 for use as a dormitory to house 300 students. By January 31, 1969, the Loyola students residing at the Edgewater Beach relocated to new housing constructed on the University's campus. Demolition of the hotel complex began in the fall of 1969 and was completed by 1971.
Following the hotel's demolition, three high-rise condominiums of modern architecture (Edgewater Plaza, Park Tower Condominium, and The Breakers at Edgewater Beach) replaced the Edgewater Beach Hotel and its olympic-size swimming pool and putting greens, leaving only the Edgewater Beach Apartments and its gardens as a vestige of the resort's elegance.
Edgewater Gulf Hotel
The developers also built a sister hotel, the Edgewater Gulf Hotel, in Biloxi, Mississippi, which closed in 1970. Both projects were designed by the Chicago architectural firm of Marshall and Fox.
Photo gallery
References
External links
Memories of the Edgewater Beach Hotel
Facsimile of early 1920s Brochure from the Edgewater Beach Hotel
Edgewater Beach Apartments official site
Vintage Image of Edgewater Beach Apartments
Hotel buildings completed in 1916
Residential skyscrapers in Chicago
Skyscraper hotels in Chicago
Demolished hotels in Chicago
Apartment buildings in Chicago
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Chicago
1916 establishments in Illinois
1970 disestablishments in Illinois
Buildings and structures demolished in 1970
Chicago school architecture in Illinois
Çobanpınarı is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
10th CDG Awards
February 19, 2008
Contemporary:
Blades of Glory
Fantasy:
The Golden Compass
Period:
Sweeney Todd
The 10th Costume Designers Guild Awards, honouring the best costume designs in film and television for 2007, were given in 2008. The nominees were announced on January 17, 2008.
Winners and nominees
Film
Contemporary
Blades of Glory - Julie Weiss
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly - Olivier Bériot
Into the Wild - Mary Claire Hannan
Juno - Monique Prudhomme
Ocean's Thirteen - Louise Frogley
Fantasy Film
The Golden Compass - Ruth Myers
300 - Michael Wilkinson
Enchanted - Mona May
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - Jany Temime
Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End - Penny Rose
Period Film
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street - Colleen Atwood
3:10 to Yuma - Arianne Phillips
Atonement - Jacqueline Durran
Elizabeth: The Golden Age - Alexandra Byrne
La Vie en Rose (La môme) - Marit Allen (posthumous)
Television
Contemporary Series
Ugly Betty - Eduardo Castro
Big Love - Chrisi Karvonides-Dushenko
Dancing with the Stars - Randall Christensen
Entourage - Amy Westcott
The Sopranos - Juliet Polcsa
Period or Fantasy Series
Pushing Daisies - Robert Blackman
Rome - April Ferry
The Tudors - Joan Bergin
Miniseries or TV Film
Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee - Mario Davignon
Jane Eyre - Andrea Galer
The Starter Wife - Marion Boyce and Debra McGuire
Costume Designers Guild Awards
2007 film awards
2007 television awards
2007 guild awards
2007 in fashion
2008 in American cinema
2008 in American television
John Simmons (October 22, 1947 – March 16, 1988) was an American conductor, musical arranger, soul singer and keyboardist.
Biography
Singer Whitney Houston's enormous popularity in the 1980s gave audiences a chance to see John Simmons in action during events such as the Moment of Truth World Tour. This conquest of the international pop music audience took place in 1987 and 1988, the last years of Simmons' life, but as a keyboardist as well as a vocalist himself, Simmons was Houston's musical director and backup bandleader, an assignment they had also previously carried out for Stephanie Mills. Simmons had their own taste of chart success as a member of the Reflections, a vocal group formed in New York City in the early 1970s. Their background was in gospel, a talent that logically helped push them into R&B waters, as in the case of many other performers in these related styles. Melba Moore wanted a vocal group who could hold forth with credibility during a special gospel section of their live show, settling on Simmons and colleagues including their brother Edmund Simmons. The Reflections wound up touring with Moore for more than three years. The group then began recording on its own for the Capitol label. "Three Steps from True Love" became a hit, but the only one the group managed to have while active. "She's My Summer Breeze," upon what would have to be described as subsequent Reflections, eventually turned trendy on the British rare groove scene. Simmons discography also includes sideman appearances on recordings by Mills and Peggi Blu. Their greatest stretch seems to have taken place on a Lead Belly tribute concert produced by avant-garde jazz composer Heiner Stadler.
They have been credited for Rickey Minor's success as well as Stephanie Mills first gold album, Whatcha Gonna Do With My Lovin' (1979).
References
External links
Stephanie Mills Background Singer
Whitney's Band
Group Album Information
1943 births
1988 deaths
African-American songwriters
American music arrangers
American male songwriters
20th-century American musicians
20th-century male musicians
20th-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American men
The Royal Armouries is the United Kingdom's national collection of arms and armour. Originally an important part of England's military organization, it became the United Kingdom's oldest museum, originally housed in the Tower of London from the 15th century, and one of the oldest museums in the world. It is also one of the oldest and largest collections of arms and armour in the world, comprising the UK's National Collection of Arms and Armour, National Artillery Collection, and National Firearms Collection. Its historic base is in the Tower of London, but today the collection is split across three sites: the Tower, the Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds, and Fort Nelson near Portsmouth
From 2004 to 2015, a limited selection of items was also on display in Louisville, Kentucky, in the United States, in cooperation with the Frazier History Museum.
History
The Royal Armouries is one of the ancient institutions of the Tower of London and was originally engaged in the manufacture of armour for the Kings of England and their armies. The Office of the Armoury grew out of the department known as the King's Privy Wardrobe at the Tower of London in the mid-15th century. Overseen from 1423 by the Master of the King's Armour, and based in the White Tower, the Office was responsible for manufacturing armour and edged weapons for the monarch and their armies; it functioned alongside the Office of Ordnance, which had responsibility for firearms.
The Armoury oversaw storehouses and workshops at Woolwich and Portsmouth, and at various royal palaces (most notably the Greenwich Armoury, which specialized in richly decorated ceremonial armour). In 1545, it is recorded that a visiting foreign dignitary paid to view the Armoury collection at the Tower of London. By the time of Charles II, there was a permanent public display there; the "Spanish Armoury" which included instruments of torture and the "Line of Kings"—a row of wooden effigies representing the kings of England. This makes it the first museum in Britain.
The influence of the Armoury began to wane as traditional weapons gave way increasingly to firearms in the field of war. In the 1620s, swords, lances and items of armour were still used in battle, but for the most part were being issued by the Office of Ordnance (which was becoming a sizeable department of State) rather than by the Armoury. The latter, however, remained staffed and operational until 1671, when it was finally absorbed by the Ordnance Board; the board continued to maintain, and indeed expanded, the Armoury as a museum.
The Tower was engaged in the development, manufacture and storage of a wide variety of weaponry until the Board of Ordnance was abolished in 1855. Thereafter the historic armoury collection remained. Only a small part of this could be displayed, however, and in 1995, much of the artillery collection was moved to Fort Nelson in Hampshire and the following year a new Royal Armouries Museum was opened in Leeds. The remaining part of the collection relates directly to the Tower.
The National Heritage Act 1983 established the Armouries as a non-departmental public body, now sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
Master of the Armouries
The head of the Royal Armouries is known as the Master of the Armouries. This was an ancient office that was revived in 1935 when the Royal Armouries became a national museum. The current Director General and Master of the Armouries is Edward Impey.
Master of the Armoury
The Master of the Armoury was responsible for maintaining a store of armour and weapons for use in the event of war and had an office in the Tower of London. The first use of the title was in 1462.
1462–1485 ??
Sir Richard Guildford (1485–1506) (also Master of the Ordnance)
Sir Edward Guildford (1506–1533)
Sir John Dudley (1533–1544)
Thomas Darcy, 1st Baron Darcy of Chiche (1544–1553)
Sir Richard Southwell (1554–1559) (also Master of the Ordnance)
Sir George Howard (1560–1580)
Sir Henry Lee (1580–1611)
Sir Thomas Monson, 1st Baronet (1611–1616)
William Legge (1636–1646)
Robert Spaven (1647–?1648)
Anthony Nicholl (1648–?1658)
William Legge (restored to office 1660–1670)
Office abolished in 1671
Master of the Armouries
Charles John Ffoulkes (1935–1938)
Sir James Mann (1938–1962)
Arthur Richard Dufty (1963–1976)
Alexander Vesey Bethune (Nick) Norman (1977–1988)
Guy Wilson, 1988–2002
Paul Evans, July 2003 – September 2008
Lieutenant-General Jonathon Riley, September 2009 – November 2012
Dr Edward Impey, October 2013 – January 2022
Nat Edwards 2022-present
Publications
The Royal Armouries formerly published the Royal Armouries Yearbook. In 2004, that was superseded by Arms & Armour, a twice-yearly peer-reviewed scholarly journal.
References
External links
Armories (military)
Charities based in England
Collections of museums in the United Kingdom
Exempt charities
Army museums in London
Museums in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Museums sponsored by the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport
Non-departmental public bodies of the United Kingdom government
Tower of London
Armour collections
The Woman in White is a British drama television series which originally aired on BBC 1 in six 25-minute-long episodes between 2 October and 6 November 1966. It was adapted from the 1860 novel The Woman in White by Wilkie Collins.
As of 2021, none of the six episodes are known to exist in the BBC archives.
Main cast
Alethea Charlton as Marian Halcombe
Jennifer Hilary as Laura Fairlie
Louis Mansi as Professor Pesca
Nicholas Pennell as Walter Hartright
John Barron as Sir Percival Glyde
Geoffrey Bayldon as Mr. Fairlie
Francis de Wolff as Count Fosco
Alan Collins as Louis
Daphne Heard as Madame Fosco
Anne Dyson as Mrs. Michelson
David Langford as Matthews
Katherine Parr as Mrs Catherick
Elsie Wagstaff as Mrs. Clements
References
External links
1960s British drama television series
1966 British television series debuts
BBC television dramas
Films based on works by Wilkie Collins
Grant Faulkner is an American writer, the executive director of National Novel Writing Month(NaNoWriMo), the co-founder of the online literary journal 100-Word Story, and the co-host of the podcast Write-minded.
Biography
Grant Faulkner was born and raised in Oskaloosa, Iowa. They earned a B.A. in English from Grinnell College and an M.A. in creative writing from San Francisco State University. They live in Berkeley, California, with their wife, the writer Heather Mackey, and their two children.
In 2011, Faulkner and Lynn Mundell co-founded 100-Word Story, an online literary journal that publishes stories that are exactly 100 words long. Stories published in 100-Word Story have been included on Wigleaf's Top (Very) Short Fictions list and anthologized in the annual Best Small Fictions series and W.W Norton's New Micro: Exceptionally Short Fiction.
In 2012, they became executive director of National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo), taking over from founder Chris Baty. With more than 500,000 writers signing up to take part in NaNoWriMo's programs annually, it's the largest writing event in the world.
NaNoWriMo emphasizes that everyone has a story to tell, and that everyone's story matters. “Humans are naturally wired to tell stories because that's how we make meaning of the world,” Faulkner said. “So everyone has a story—or many stories—to tell. Everyone is a creative type by definition.”
In 2014, Faulkner co-founded the Flash Fiction Collective, a reading series in San Francisco, with writers Jane Ciabattari and Meg Pokrass. Kristen Chen joined the trio in 2015.
In 2018, Faulkner launched the podcast "Write-minded: Weekly Inspiration for Writers" with co-host Brooke Warner of SheWrites.com.
Literary work
Faulkner's stories and essays have appeared in dozens of publications, including The New York Times, Poets & Writers, Writer's Digest, Lit Hub, Tin House, The Southwest Review, The Gettysburg Review, Five Points, Green Mountains Review, and Puerto del Sol. Their stories have also been anthologized in W.W. Norton's New Micro: Especially Short Fiction, Best Small Fictions 2016, and Bloomsbury's Short-Form Creative Writing, among others.
In 2015, Faulkner released Fissures, a collection of one hundred 100-word stories, published by Press 53.
One reviewer wrote, “In Grant Faulkner's collection of very short fiction, Fissures [One Hundred 100-Word Stories], Faulkner manages to elevate their language, presenting each word here with the rhetorical weight of a novel and with a poetic aptitude that is anything but self-indulgent. Faulkner has, instead, carefully crafted these stories, and each word comes at the reader as high currency.”
The 100-word story form is often likened to prose poetry, which is one thing that drew Faulkner to the form. “I've always liked forms that blur,” they said. “To say that a piece of writing is a prose poem versus a story is just a matter of an author's intention, an author's definition.” In 2018, they co-edited a collection of the best stories published in 100-Word Story, Nothing Short of 100: Selected Tales from 100-Word Story with Lynn Mundell and Beret Olsen.
Faulkner is also known for their writings on the creative process. In 2017, Faulkner published Pep Talks for Writers: 52 Insights and Actions to Boost Your Creative Mojo. In 2019, they co-authored Brave the Page, a teen writing guide. Their book on flash fiction, The Art of Brevity, is forthcoming in 2023.
Faulkner regularly presents at conferences, including the Frankfurt Book Fair, Book Expo America, the Bay Area Book Festival, the Oakland Book Festival, Litquake, the Writer's Digest Conference, and the San Francisco Writers Conference, among others.
List of works
Books
All the Comfort Sin Can Provide
Brave the Page: A Young Writers Guide to Telling Epic Stories
Nothing Short of 100: Selected Tales from 100-Word Story
Pep Talks for Writers: 52 Insights and Actions to Boost Your Creative Mojo
Fissures
Selected short stories
"Charms" - Fiction Southeast
"First Time" - New Flash Fiction Review
"Us" - decomP
"Six Stories About Gerard and Celeste" - Paragraph Magazine
"Bright Mess" - Superstition Review
"Bodies at Risk in Motion" - Green Mountains Review
"Castings" - Counterexample Poetics
"Dear X" - Flash Flood
"Filter" - The Cortland Review
"The Filmmaker: Eight Takes" - Eclectica
"Model Upside Down on the Stairs" - PANK
"Life Knowledge" - Revolver
"The Names of All Things" - The Southwest Review
Essays
13 Ways of Looking at Flash Fiction– Lit Hub
"Life By the Bay: A Moveable Feast That Moved When I Wasn't Looking" Lit Hub
Rejection's Gift: Divine Dissatisfaction– Poets & Writers
Imagination Under Pressure – Poets & Writers
The Art of Seduction: How to Entice and Captivate Your Readers – Writer's Digest
One Hundred Reasons Why I Write - National Writing Project
Naked (On the Page) and Afraid - Writer's Digest
Writing Flash Fiction: Telling a Story with What's Left Out - Writer's Digest
More Ideas Faster: Writing With Abandon - Poets & Writers
Going Long. Going Short. - New York Times Draft Blog
What Makes NaNoWriMo Work: Breaking Down the Mythology of the Solitary Writer - Writer's Digest
Selected interviews
A Salve for Our General Malaise: Grant Faulkner Interviewed by Taylor Larsen-Bomb Magazine
All the Comfort Sin Provides– First Draft
"Stories That Matter”– The Nob Hill Gazette
"Shards and Gems": An Interview With Guest Reader Grant Faulkner - Smokelong Quarterly
The Writer's Digest Podcast, Episode 8: Interview with NaNoWriMo Executive Director Grant Faulkner - Writer's Digest
A Flash Fiction Roundtable: Short but Never Small - Millions
An Interview with Grant Faulkner - Superstition Review
An Interview with Grant Faulkner, author of Fissures - Fiction Southeast
The Write Stuff: Grant Faulkner on Watching Objects Rust and the Slow Reveal - SF Weekly's Litseen
How could creative expression not change the world? Interview with Grant Faulkner - Art Is Moving
Grant Faulkner: A Modern Day Pioneer Inspiring Creativity Through Writing – Unzpipped
An Interview with NaNoWriMo's New Executive Director – NaNoWriMo blog
References
External links
Grant Faulkner on Twitter
National Novel Writing Month
100-Word Story
Flash Fiction Collective
Grant Faulkner on Substack
People from Oskaloosa, Iowa
Grinnell College alumni
San Francisco State University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American male writers
21st-century American writers
Optical scanning can refer to:
an optical reader
a 3D scanner
Overview
The Cumberland School (TCS) was founded in 1989 as Cumberland Christian Academy. It is a private, non-denominational, K3-12th grade Christian school in Cobb County, Georgia, United States. Grades K3-12 are accredited by ACSI, the Association of Christian Schools International and by SACS, the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, now AdvancED. In addition, TCS is "Accredited with Quality" by the Georgia Accrediting Commission for grades K–12.
Founding principal Dr. Larry Kendrick is the father of Christian filmmakers and authors Alex and Stephen Kendrick. Dr. Kendrick retired after over twenty years of service and was succeeded in 2010 by Dr. Lee Campbell who currently serves as chief of administration, innovation, and research. In 2017, Dr. Byron Greene was recruited as executive director in order to aid in strategic planning and development. The Cumberland School employs the 4 Cs of education: critical thinking, creativity, communication, and collaboration to equip students for college and beyond. Students in grades 3-5, 6-7, and 8-12 collaborate to craft their honor codes.
TCS offers a college prep curriculum and provides hands on support to students with college and scholarship planning. The guidance team works one on one with seniors to help them apply for colleges and scholarships. SAT preparation is included in tuition. Standardized test scores are consistently above average across all grade levels. College acceptance for seniors was 100% for the past six years; in 2017 alone, TCS students were offered almost $1 million in scholarships. Recent acceptances have included the U.S. Naval Academy, Georgia Institute of Technology, University of Georgia, U.S. Military Academy West Point, and many other state and private universities.
Student life
Outdoor activities, retreats, educational trips, and mission trips are an integral part of the educational experience at Cumberland.
Students can participate in contemporary worship, instrumental ensembles, wind ensemble, pep band, concert band, blacklight drama, sign language, orchestra, photography, filmmaking, music theory, yearbook, and art, as well as take private lessons in voice, piano, drama, and dance. Clubs include Patriot Ambassadors, Civil Air Patrol, BETA Club, International Club, and Patriot Voices.
Athletics
Cumberland is a member of the Georgia Association of Private & Parochial Schools. The Cumberland School's athletic program has a long history of successful competition and league championships. Sports offered in 2017-2018 include cross country, volleyball, basketball, cheerleading (including competition), baseball, golf, softball, track, soccer, and tennis.
Cumberland strives to train athletes to honor God with their talents. Coaches not only help with technique but are available to help students in their spiritual life as well
They have been 2018 Boys GICAA Division II-AA Basketball State Champions.
Counseling
The Cumberland School strives for 100% college acceptance and is active in helping students sign up for testing, preparing for testing, applying to colleges, and finding scholarships. The goal is to help students find what God has called them to do, and to be well prepared for future studies.
Locations
Lower School / K3-5th, 2356 Clay Road, Austell, GA 30106
Middle School / 6th-7th, 4900 Floyd Road, Mableton, GA 30126
Upper School / 8th-12th, 4967 Brownsville Road, Powder Springs, GA 30127
Business Office, 5350 Holloman Road, Powder Springs, GA 30127
Notable Staff and Alumni
TCS has a number of alumni on staff, and counts many other successful alumni among its graduates. These include filmmaker Stephen Kendrick, noted for War Room, Courageous, Fireproof, Facing the Giants and other productions.
External links
Association of Christian Schools International
AdvancEd
Georgia Accrediting Commission
The Cumberland School
TheBestSchools.org
2014 Marietta Daily Journal article
2015 Marietta Daily Journal Article
References
Christian schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Private high schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Educational institutions established in 1989
Schools in Cobb County, Georgia
Private middle schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Private elementary schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
1989 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Hopkins Glacier is a glacier situated south of Erskine Glacier and flowing westwards into the head of Tlachene Cove in Darbel Bay on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd in 1955–57, and mapped from these photos by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1958 for Sir Frederick Hopkins, founder of the School of Biochemistry at Cambridge University, who made pioneer investigations on synthetic diets and vitamins which contributed greatly to the development of present ideas on concentrated rations.
References
Glaciers of Loubet Coast
Volutomitra is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Volutomitridae, the mitres, with global distribution.
Species
Species in the genus Volutomitra include:
† Volutomitra amplexa (Finlay, 1930) †
Volutomitra andreiae R. Salisbury & Gori, 2019
Volutomitra bairdii (Dall, 1889)
Volutomitra banksi (Dell, 1951)
Volutomitra bayeri Okutani, 1982
Volutomitra blanfordi (Melvill & Standen, 1901)
Volutomitra carlosbranai R. Salisbury & Gori, 2019
Volutomitra erebus Bayer, 1971 - Erebus mitre-volute
Volutomitra filippoi R. Salisbury & Gori, 2019
Volutomitra francescae R. Salisbury & Gori, 2019
Volutomitra geoffreyana (Melvill, 1910)
Volutomitra glabella Bouchet & Kantor, 2000
Volutomitra groenlandica (Moller, 1842) - false Greenland mitre
Volutomitra hottentota Thiele, 1925
† Volutomitra incisa (Marwick, 1942)
† Volutomitra inconspicua (Hutton, 1885)
† Volutomitra lornensis (Marwick, 1926)
Volutomitra obscura (Hutton, 1873)
† Volutomitra othoniana (Finlay, 1924)
Volutomitra pailoloana (J. Cate, 1963)
Volutomitra persephone Bayer, 1971
Volutomitra rosadoi R. Salisbury & Gori, 2019
Volutomitra tenella Golikov & Sirenko, 1998
† Volutomitra transilis (Finlay, 1930)
Volutomitra vaubani Cernohorsky, 1982
Volutomitra ziczac Bouchet & Kantor, 2004
Species brought into synonymy
Volutomitra alaskana Dall, 1902 : synonym of Volutomitra groenlandica (Beck in Möller, 1842)
Volutomitra porcellana (Melvill & Standen, 1912): synonym of Volvarina porcellana (Melvill & Standen, 1912)
References
Bouchet P. & Kantor Y. 2004. New Caledonia: the major centre of biodiversity for volutomitrid molluscs (Mollusca: Neogastropoda: Volutomitridae). Systematics and Biodiversity 1(4): 467-502
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Volutomitridae
Extant Late Cretaceous first appearances
The fifth season of 7th Heaven—an American family-drama television series, created and produced by Brenda Hampton—premiered on October 2, 2000, on The WB, and concluded on May 21, 2001 (22 episodes).
Cast and characters
Main
Stephen Collins as Eric Camden
Catherine Hicks as Annie Camden
Barry Watson as Matt Camden
Jessica Biel as Mary Camden (episodes 1–7, 10–12, 14-16, 18 and 21–22)
David Gallagher as Simon Camden
Beverley Mitchell as Lucy Camden
Mackenzie Rosman as Ruthie Camden
Chaz Lamar Shepherd as John Hamilton
Adam LaVorgna as Robbie Palmer (episodes 9–22)
Happy as Happy the Dog
Episodes
References
2000 American television seasons
2001 American television seasons
The Controlled Environment Agriculture Center (CEAC) is an agricultural research facility at the University of Arizona. Research projects focus on automated greenhouse technologies, fertigation, and hydroponics.
See also
Controlled-environment agriculture (CEA)
Hydroponics
External links
University of Arizona CEA Program
Agricultural research institutes in the United States
Agriculture and the environment
University of Arizona
Research institutes in Arizona
The 1987–88 Minnesota North Stars season was the North Stars' 21st season. It saw the North Stars finish fifth in the Norris Division with a record of 19 wins, 48 losses, and 13 ties for 51 points — the worst record in the league. They failed to make the Stanley Cup Playoffs for the second consecutive season. Despite finishing with the third-lowest winning percentage (at .319) and second-fewest wins in franchise history, they were actually still in contention for a playoff spot going into the last game of the season due to playing in an extremely weak Norris Division; the division champion Detroit Red Wings were the only team with a winning record. The Stars lost to the Calgary Flames on the season's final day and finished last in scoring (242 goals for) and penalty-killing percentage (75.23%). Earlier, the Toronto Maple Leafs, who were tied with the Stars for the fourth spot in the Norris as the day began, beat the Red Wings. This not only kept the Stars out of the playoffs, but assured them of the worst record in the league.
The leading scorer for the North Stars in 1987–88 was Dino Ciccarelli. However, they became involved in controversy when, on January 6, 1988, they struck Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman Luke Richardson with their stick in a game at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto. Ciccarelli was arrested and charged with assault; they were eventually fined $1000 and sentenced to one day in jail.
Offseason
NHL Draft
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Defencemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
The North Stars failed to qualify for the playoffs for the second consecutive season.
Awards and honors
References
North Stars on Hockey Database
Minn
Minn
Minnesota North Stars seasons
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Twins
SFR Medical is a provider of medical evidence reports to UK police forces. It was founded in 2018 by Dr Johann Grundlingh, an emergency medicine and intensive care consultant at Barts Health NHS Trust and Dr Lucy Grundlingh, who worked as an emergency medicine doctor in Major Trauma Centres in London. It is contracted by around 50 hospitals and 12 police forces, including Surrey Police and Thames Valley Police, to streamline the medical evidence reporting process.
Police forces are supposed to pay doctors in emergency department £30 to £40 for reports, but according to Dr Grundlingh 90% of medical evidence reports sent to the police, which cannot be produced in NHS time, were not paid for and doctors have at times refused to supply more until they are compensated. Under the existing system it takes on average 67 days for police to receive medical evidence. The company's Streamlined Forensic Reporting process is claimed to be nearly six times faster.
The company's technology creates 3D graphical reconstructions of wounds, based on computerised tomography and magnetic resonance imaging scans of the victim, which helps NHS administrative staff when collecting medical records and can be used in court. These images illustrate how close the wound trajectory was to a particular victim's spinal cord, vital organs or important blood vessels. It operates under the national Forensic Capability Network. The network's chief executive officer Jo Ashworth said: “This is an excellent case study of the public and private sectors collaborating for the benefit of victims. We became aware of several police forces wanting to access these services, and providing them through one national framework means a faster roll-out and better justice for victims.”
References
Medical and health organisations based in London
Technology companies based in London
Medical technology companies of the United Kingdom
"I'm a Long Gone Daddy" is a country song written and recorded by Hank Williams. It was released in 1948 on MGM Records and became their second top ten hit.
Background
"I'm a Long Gone Daddy" laid the blueprint for what would become the typical Williams A-side: an up-tempo honky tonk song in the Ernest Tubb tradition with a bluesy edge. The song was recorded in anticipation of a recording ban that would result from the American Federation of Musicians possibly calling a strike at the end of December when agreements with all the record companies expired. Producer Fred Rose wanted eight usable sides that could be doled out over the length of the strike. It was recorded on November 6, 1947, at Castle Studio in Nashville. Williams was supported by a group that producer Rose assembled from two Grand Ole Opry bands: Zeke Turner (lead guitar), Jerry Byrd (steel guitar), and Louis Ennis (rhythm guitar) were from Red Foley's band while Chubby Wise (fiddle) was a member of Bill Monroe's band. Rose may have played piano. The same session produced "I Can't Get You Off of My Mind," a second recording of "Honky Tonkin'," and the Rose composition "Rootie Tootie".
Chart performance
Cover versions
Bobby Helms recorded a version in the 1950s.
Ernest Tubb recorded the song in 1959.
Hank Williams, Jr. recorded it for their 1964 album Sings the Songs of Hank Williams. In 1996, they recorded it again with their son Hank III using Williams' 1947 vocal as part of their Three Hanks: Men with Broken Hearts.
George Jones recorded the song twice, the first time on their 1987 album Too Wild Too Long. Another unreleased version was included on the LP A Collection of My Best Recollection.
The The recorded the song for their 1994 album Hanky Panky.
Popular Culture
Bruce Springsteen quotes the song's title in "Born in the U.S.A." ("I'm a long gone daddy in the U.S.A.!")
References
1947 songs
Hank Williams songs
Songs written by Hank Williams
MGM Records singles
Song recordings produced by Fred Rose (songwriter)
Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Danbury, Connecticut, United States.
Founded in 1925. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport.
History
In 1924, Polish immigrants obtained permission from the Bishop of Hartford Michael Tierney to organize a church for the Polish community. The first Masses were held in the basement of the Danbury Town Hall. In the spring of 1925 the property where the church now stands was purchased for one dollar and other valuable considerations. Within four months over $20,000 was collected, and construction of the new church began almost immediately, and on October 18, 1925, 2,000 people witnessed the laying of the cornerstone.
On April 8, 1926 the dedication of the church was celebrated.
Departure of Conventual Franciscan Friars
In June 2014, it was announced by Bishop Caggiano, Father James McCurry (Friar Provincial) and Father Dennis Mason (Pastor of Sacred Heart) that after nearly 90 years of service, the Conventual Franciscan Friars would depart Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish as part of the province's restructuring of their ministries. A mass of thanksgiving was held on August 26, 2014 to celebrate their service to the parish. In attendance were Bishop Caggiano, Father McCurry, Father Dennis Mason, Father Mark Curesky (an area native), and former WCSU chaplains and Sacred Heart Friary residents Fr. Brad Heckathorne and Fr. Michael Lasky. Fr. Leonel Medeiros assumed the role of Pastor at Sacred Heart, following Father Dennis Mason's departure. Fr. Medeiros is the first diocesan Pastor in the history of Sacred Heart Parish.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Sacred Heart of Jesus - Diocesan information
Sacred Heart of Jesus - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Bridgeport
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Bridgeport
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Roman Catholic churches in Danbury, Connecticut
Churches in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Spitakavor Church (); literally meaning white-colored church, is a 13th-century partly ruined Armenia church located at the edge of a gorge in the town of Ashtarak, Aragatsotn Province, Armenia.
Confusion about the name
Some confusion about the name of the churches of Spitakavor and Tsiranavor has seemed to have occurred due to the misplacement of the Russian markers located inside the two structures. New EU-sponsored information plaques with building descriptions adopted the wrong designations of the older plates thus amplifying the confusion.
Anyone that lives in the city around the area will tell you that Spitakavor ("Whitish") is the white church from the 5th Century, and Tsiranavor ("Apricotish") is the apricot colored church from the 13th Century. The name plaques at the churches however will tell you the opposite.
Nearby is also the church of Karmravor ("Reddish"), formally known as the Church of Holy Mother of God (Surb Astvatsatsin). It is a 7th Century Armenian Apostolic church. Furthermore, there are the churches of S. Mariane and S. Sarkis. In the gorge is a unique bridge built in 1664.
Location
It may be seen across the gorge from the church of Surp Sarkis, but is easiest reached via the streets of the neighborhood that it sits within. Very close (down the street 3 houses) and also sitting along the gorge is the church of Spitakavor (literally meaning whitish because of its color), built between the 5th-6th centuries.
Architecture
Spitakavor is a small cruciform type church constructed during the 13th century. It is apricot-orange in color, because of the tufa stone used for the construction of the building. Presently, only the walls remain since the roof, drum, and dome have collapsed. There is a main portal to the structure at the front façade, and another at the side of the church. Interior walls are flat except for the semi-circular apse located directly across from the main portal. Very little decoration adorns the church other than some cruciform relief found on the exterior walls.
Legend
According to a legend, three sisters lived in Ashtarak, all of whom fell in love with the same man, prince Sargis. The elder two sisters decided to commit suicide in favor of the youngest one. One wearing an apricot-orange dress and the other wearing a red dress, they threw themselves into the gorge. When the youngest sister found out, they put on a white dress and also threw themselves into the gorge. Sargis then became a hermit and three small churches appeared at the edge of the gorge, named after the sisters' dress colors.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
Armenian Architectural Studies
Armenian Apostolic churches in Ashtarak
Tourist attractions in Aragatsotn Province
Buildings and structures in Aragatsotn Province
Gira is a Lithuanian word for kvass.
Gira may also refer to:
Gira (bicycle rental), a bike rental scheme in Lisbon, Portugal
Gira (grape), another name for the Italian wine grape Girò
Pomba Gira, a deity of Umbanda and Quimbanda religions in Brazil
People
Camille Gira (born 1958), Luxembourgian politician
Liudas Gira (1894–1946), Lithuanian writer
Michael Gira (born 1954), American musician, author, and artist
Galatas () is a village and a community in western Chalkeia, Nafpaktia, Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece located at 14 m above sea level. According to the 2011 census, the village had 976 inhabitants, and the community, which includes the village Kryoneri, had 1,070 inhabitants.
Geography
Galatas sits at the foot of the mountain Varasova, at the left bank of the river Evinos. It lies 2 km east of Evinochori, 11 km east of Missolonghi, 18 km west of Antirrio and 25 km west of Nafpaktos. The Greek National Road 5 (Patras-Antirrio-Agrinio-Ioannina) and the Motorway 5 pass north of the village.
History
Galatas had its own train station on the currently abandoned railway line from the port of Kryoneri to Agrinio via Missolonghi and Stamna. Between 1912 and 1997, Galatas was an independent community. In 1997, the village became part of the municipality of Chalkeia, which became part of the new municipality of Nafpaktia in 2011.
Historical population
References
External links
History of Galatas, at Galatas' website
Populated places in Aetolia-Acarnania
Nafpaktia
The 2005–06 Ottawa Senators season was the 14th season of the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). After one of their franchise-best regular seasons, finishing with 113 points, the Senators made it to the Eastern Conference Semifinals, in which the Buffalo Sabres eliminated Ottawa in five games.
Off-season
Changes occurred to the Senators roster before the season. First, Ottawa acquired the playoff-experienced goaltender Dominik Hasek for their Stanley Cup experience. Second, a blockbuster trade on August 23, 2005 involved Marian Hossa and Greg de Vries being sent to the Atlanta Thrashers for Dany Heatley. The trade occurred on the day that Hossa had signed a new contract. The value of Hossa's contract was beyond what General Manager John Muckler felt that Hossa was worth and so they were dealt away. Marian had led the Senators in scoring.
Regular season
Dany Heatley, together with Daniel Alfredsson and Jason Spezza, formed one of the NHL's top offensive lines, dubbed the "CASH line" by fans in a contest held by the Ottawa Citizen. The name is made from the initials of Captain Alfredsson, Spezza, and Heatley. Cash Line won out over finalists 'Dash Line' and 'Dazzle Line,' which Spezza reputedly despised and wanted to veto. Another nickname the line picked up was the "Pizza Line", used by the Ottawa Sun, a rival to the Citizen. However, during the press conference to introduce the teams for the 2007 Stanley Cup Final, Heatley went on record to say they like the "CASH line" name.
The Senators team sent nine players to the 2006 Winter Olympics as part of the NHL's commitment. Daniel Alfredsson, Zdeno Chara, Martin Havlat, Dany Heatley, Andrej Meszaros, Wade Redden, Christoph Schubert and Anton Volchenkov all played for their respective country's national teams, while Jason Spezza was named a substitute for Canada. The experience, however, was poor for the Senators: Dominik Hasek was having an impressive season prior to Olympic play, but the team lost them to a hamstring injury they suffered while playing for the Czech Republic. They would not play again for the Senators.
In addition to leading the NHL with most goals for (312, excluding shootout-winning goals), the Senators also led the NHL in shorthanded goals (25), scoring points (840) and shots on goal (2,811).
Highlights
The "CASH line" made a dramatic and historic debut, playing in the first game of the 2005–06 season on October 5, 2005, against the Toronto Maple Leafs in Toronto. In the pre-season, right winger Brandon Bochenski had been playing on the line as they had played with Spezza in the American Hockey League (AHL) during the 2004–05 NHL lockout. But with five minutes to go, with the Senators trailing, then Senators' Head Coach Bryan Murray replaced Bochenski with Daniel Alfredsson, who scored a game-tying goal with 62 seconds left. Heatley and Alfredsson would then go on to score the first shootout goals in NHL history to win the game that night.
Other highlights of the Senators' season included an 8–0 road win over their Ontario rivals, the Maple Leafs, on October 29, 2005. Dany Heatley scored four consecutive goals in that game. Just four nights later, the Senators defeated the Buffalo Sabres in Buffalo, 10–4. Martin Havlat and Daniel Alfredsson each scored four goals and Jason Spezza provided four assists. It was the first time that an NHL team had scored ten goals in a regular-season game since January 11, 2003, when the Washington Capitals defeated the Florida Panthers at home by a score of 12–2. It was also the first time that the Senators had scored ten goals in a regular-season game since November 13, 2001, when they defeated the Capitals 11–5 away in Washington, D.C. On November 29, 2005, the Senators defeated the Montreal Canadiens 4–0 and, in doing so, improved to a 19–3–0 record through their first 22 games of the regular season. Over that span, Ottawa outscored its opponents 102–45. Spezza had reached 41 points (11 goals and 30 assists) and Alfredsson had reached 40 points (20 goals and 20 assists) by this point. Heatley recorded a point in every one of these games and had 17 goals and 21 assists for 38 points.
In an 8–2 win over Toronto on December 17, 2005, the Senators set a franchise record for most power play goals scored in one game, with six. On February 2, 2006, the Senators scored three short-handed goals in a 7–2 win over the Pittsburgh Penguins. It was the second time in franchise history that the Senators scored three shorthanded goals in a single game, as the Senators had scored three shorthanded goals in a 5–2 home win over the Florida Panthers on November 18, 2000.
Dany Heatley became the first Senator in franchise history to reach 100 points on April 13, 2006, recording two assists during a 5–4 overtime loss to the Florida Panthers and five days later became the first Senator to score 50 goals in a season. Meanwhile, defenceman Wade Redden became the first Senator to win the NHL Plus/Minus Award, tied with New York Ranger Michal Rozsival, with a +35 rating. Despite missing 14 games, Jason Spezza finished second in the NHL in assists, with 71.
Season standings
Game log
October
November
December
January
February
March
April
Green background indicates win.
Red background indicates regulation loss.
White background indicates overtime/shootout loss.
Playoffs
The Ottawa Senators ended the 2005–06 regular season as the Eastern Conference's first seed, qualifying for the playoffs for the ninth time in the franchise's 13 seasons of play.
Ray Emery took over the starting goaltender duties; they became the first rookie netminder since Philadelphia's Brian Boucher in 2000 to win a playoff series when the Senators defeated the Tampa Bay Lightning in the first round of the Eastern Conference playoffs, four games to one. The Senators were then defeated by the Buffalo Sabres in the second round, four games to one.
After the playoff loss, Senators owner Eugene Melnyk comforted fans in an open letter by saying that their team would not only win the Stanley Cup in the future but, once they had it, they would, they boasted, "hoard" it year after year.
Eastern Conference Quarterfinals: vs. (8) Tampa Bay Lightning
Ottawa wins series 4–1.
Eastern Conference Semifinals: vs. (4) Buffalo Sabres
Buffalo wins series 4–1.
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Playoffs
Scoring
Goaltending
Awards and records
Molson Cup – Daniel Alfredsson
NHL Plus/Minus Award – Wade Redden
Second NHL All-Star team – Daniel Alfredsson, Dany Heatley, Zdeno Chara
Transactions
The Senators were involved in the following transactions from February 17, 2005, the day after the 2004–05 NHL season was officially cancelled, through June 19, 2006, the day of the deciding game of the 2006 Stanley Cup Finals.
Trades
Players acquired
Players lost
Signings
Draft picks
Ottawa's picks at the 2005 NHL Entry Draft in Ottawa, Ontario.
Farm teams
Binghamton Senators (American Hockey League)
Charlotte Checkers (ECHL)
See also
2005–06 NHL season
Notes
References
Ottawa Senators seasons
Ottawa Senators season
Ottawa
Imma arsisceles is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1937. It is found in South Africa.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 1937
Immidae
Moths of Africa
Karin Broberg (born 6 January 1973) is a Swedish geneticist and toxicologist and professor at Karolinska Institutet and Lund University, Sweden, known for their work on human adaptation to challenging environments.
Education and career
Broberg became M.Sc. in Biology from Lund University in 1996 and MD in Experimental Clinical Genetics, Lund University in 2001. In 2015, they became Professor of Environmental Medicine with a special emphasis on genetics and epigenetics at Karolinska Institute, Stockholm, and since 2018 also holds a professorship in Occupational and Environmental Medicine at Lund University.
Scientific work
Based on knowledge gained from expeditions to remote Andean plains with high arsenic in drinking waters, Broberg observed that indigenous populations of Indians inhabiting these areas since thousands of years are naturally resistant to arsenic., which is a highly toxic chemical. Arsenic tolerance was in resistant individuals found to be the result of allelic variation in the arsenic-3-methyl transferase (AS3MT) gene, the gene product of which detoxifies arsenic. This was the first report on human genetic adaptation to a toxic environment and added to the list of very few examples of evolution of humans in historic time (e.g. lactose tolerance).
Them subsequent work has provided phylogenetic evidence that the AS3MT gene moved by horizontal gene transfer from bacteria to animals during their early evolution, and independently on several occasions to other eukaryotic phylae as well. Horizontal gene transfer is distinct from vertical gene transfer from progeny to progeny, as such transfer of single genes as a means of obtaining new stably inherited trait has only rarely been reported in animals
References
1973 births
Swedish geneticists
Karolinska Institute faculty
Living people
Fraud is a 2016 conceptual documentary film directed by Dean Fleischer-Camp. The film is made up of re-edited homevideos uploaded to YouTube. It tells the fictional story of an average white American family of four obsessively shopping at Big Box stores until their increasing mountain of debt leads them to go to extremes in order to wipe the slate clean and keep the money flowing.
Origins
In the late 2000s, around the time they were directing the short film, Marcel the Shell with Shoes On, Camp was digging through clips on the user-generated content platform YouTube when they stumbled across over 100 hours of home video footage documenting the life of an unknown American family and uploaded to the internet between 2008 and 2015. They were initially hesitant to turn it into a documentary because of the effort and time required to cut the footage down to feature length.
Release
The film world-premiered at Hot Docs in May 2016. The premiere was controversial, with arguments breaking out during post-screening Q&As between the director and members of the audience as well as amongst the audience members themselves. The film has been selected to screen at BAMcinemaFest at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York and the Sheffield International Documentary Festival (SIDF) in the United Kingdom.
References
External links
Fraud Official Website
American documentary films
American avant-garde and experimental films
Collage film
Films shot from the first-person perspective
2010s avant-garde and experimental films
2010s American films
Swedish Universities Scales of Personality (SSP) is a personality test based on the older Karolinska Scales of Personality (KSP).
It is originally in Swedish but has been translated to English.
The personality profile is presented in t-score (mean 50 and standard deviation 10).
Both the SSP questionnaire and the scoring algorithm is free of charge.
Personality dimensions
SSP includes 91 items and yields 13 personality scales:
Somatic trait anxiety
Psychic trait anxiety
Stress susceptibility
Lack of assertiveness
Impulsiveness
Adventure Seeking
Detachment
Social Desirability
Embitterment
Trait Irritability
Mistrust
Verbal trait aggression
Physical trait aggression
References
See also
Revised NEO Personality Inventory
Temperament and Character Inventory
Personality tests
Enerhia or Enerhiya is an alternative of more common Energia. In some countries of the Central and Eastern Europe the sharp g phoneme is used interchangeably with the more "deaf" (less noticeable) h phoneme.
It may refer to:
FC Enerhiya Nova Kakhovka, a Ukrainian football team
FC Enerhiya Yuzhnoukrainsk, a Ukrainian football team
FC Enerhiya Mykolaiv, a Ukrainian football team
See also
Energy (disambiguation)
Energie (disambiguation)
Energia (disambiguation)
The freestyle relay events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships will be held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
Final
Seven nations took part.
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
Kilbarchan railway station was a railway station serving the village of Kilbarchan, Renfrewshire, Scotland. The station was part of the Dalry and North Johnstone Line on the Glasgow and South Western Railway.
History
The station opened on 1 June 1905, and closed to passengers on 27 June 1966. The station was originally an island platform covered by an overhanging glass canopy. Access to the station, was via two glazed brick lined entrance ramps at either end of the platform; one leading to the archway under the green bridges in the village's main thoroughfare High Barholm, and the other leading down to a minor road near the Tandlehill estate. When the station was built, several of the cottages in the street had to be cleared to make way for the station entrance, and the bridges over the street. The station's platform remains partially intact. However, the trackbed is now part of National Cycle Route 7. Both station passenger entrance ramps were re-opened for access to the cycle route.
Gallery
References
Notes
Sources
Disused railway stations in Renfrewshire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1905
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1966
Beeching closures in Scotland
Former Glasgow and South Western Railway stations
Antwone Savage (born March 29, 1981) is a former American football wide receiver in the Arena Football League. They played for the Spokane Shock, Oklahoma City Yard Dawgz, and the Albany Panthers. They played college football for the Oklahoma Sooners.
References
1981 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Oklahoma Sooners football players
South Georgia Wildcats players
Spokane Shock players
Oklahoma City Yard Dawgz players
Albany Panthers players
Sportspeople from Albany, Georgia
Cloudesley Henry Bullock Marsham (10 February 1879 – 19 July 1928), also known as Slug Marsham, was an English amateur cricketer. Primarily a batsman, they played for Kent County Cricket Club between 1900 and 1922 and is most notable for having captained the Kent side to the county's first County Championship title in 1906. Marsham served as a captain in the West Kent Yeomanry during the First World War.
Early life
Marsham was born in Stoke Lyne near Bicester in Oxfordshire in 1879. They were born into a well-established cricketing family which had been associated with Kent cricket for over a century. Their father, Cloudesley Dewar Bullock Marsham, played for Oxford University, the Gentlemen, MCC and England and was described as "the best Gentleman bowler of their day". Their uncles Charles and Robert played first-class cricket for Oxford University, another uncle (George) appeared for Kent and their brother Francis played for both Kent and Oxford University. Their son Algernon would go on to play for both sides as well.
Marsham grew up in Harrietsham and was sent to Eton College in 1892, where they played for the school First XI. They played in two Eton v Harrow fixtures, before going on to study at Christ Church, Oxford. They played first-class cricket for Oxford University from 1900 to 1902, winning their Blue in 1900 and captaining the side in 1902, their final year at university. They played in Varsity Matches for the University, scoring 100 not out in 1901, saving the game for Oxford in the process.
Cricket career
Marsham combined playing for Oxford with appearances for Kent, making their debut in 1900 against Nottinghamshire. They were capped in 1902 and succeeded Cuthbert Burnup as captain of Kent at the start of the 1904 season. In 1906 they led Kent to their first County Championship title. The Daily Mail wrote of them "Kent has a captain who, although young in years, possesses the judgement of a veteran", while Wisden told of how they "inspired their men by fine example". They played most frequently for the county whilst they were captain, although they were part of three County Championship winning sides. In 1908 they became the first Kent player to be appointed a Test selector.
Marsham was described by Wisden as "a good, but not a great batsman". They were capable of fine batting under pressure and played effectively on the off-side. They scored over 1,000 runs in both 1904 and 1908 and made seven first-class centuries in their career. After 1909 they dropped out of first-class cricket, playing only sporadically until 1922 when they made their final first-class appearance, captaining Kent in the absence of Lionel Troughton. In total Marsham played 140 matches for Kent, averaging 21.13 with the bat. Other than Oxford, they also made first-class appearances for teams such as MCC and The Gentlemen.
Military career
Marsham joined the Queen's Own West Kent Yeomanry (WKY), a Territorial Force cavalry unit, in 1902 as a 2nd lieutenant, being promoted to 1st lieutenant in 1909. At the start of World War I the WKY mobilised at Canterbury and began training as part of the South Eastern Mounted Brigade. In September 1915 the WKY sailed from Liverpool to take part in the Gallipoli campaign. After a short spell with the Yeomanry Base Depot on Lemnos, Marsham joined their unit on the front line, serving dismounted as part of the 42nd (East Lancashire) Infantry Division. They were evacuated with the WKY from Cape Helles in December 1915, moving to defend the Suez Canal in Egypt in 1916.
In 1916 Marsham took part in operations against the Senussi in Egypt before the WKY embarked on a period of intensive retraining as a dedicated infantry unit during which they amalgamated with the Royal East Kent Mounted Rifles to form the 10th Battalion of the Buffs. In March 1917 they were promoted to acting major before their battalion took part in the Palestine campaign, including serving as a reserve unit during the First Battle of Gaza. Marsham was taken ill shortly afterwards and returned to England in July 1917. They served the remainder of the war in Britain, being attached to the RAF Cadet Brigade in October 1918 and the Irish Command Headquarters in March 1919. They relinquished their commission in September 1921 after having been transferred to the Territorial Force Reserve Depot in April 1919. They retained the rank of captain.
Personal life
Marsham worked as a land agent prior to World War I and in 1911 married Algitha Parker at Malpas, Cheshire. After World War I they played club cricket for the Mote until their death in Wrotham Heath in 1928, aged 49.
References
External links
1879 births
1928 deaths
Kent cricketers
Kent cricket captains
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Oxford University cricketers
People from Bicester
People from Wrotham
England cricket team selectors
Queen's Own West Kent Yeomanry officers
British Army personnel of World War I
English cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Gentlemen of England cricketers
H. D. G. Leveson Gower's XI cricketers
Military personnel from Oxfordshire
De triomfeerende Min (Love Triumphant) is a 1678 pastoral semi-opera by Carolus Hacquart to celebrate the Peace of Nijmegen.
It is one of the earliest surviving attempts at Dutch-language opera, 8 years before Bacchus, Ceres en Venus, a 1686 Dutch-language pastoral opera by Johan Schenck. A reconstruction was the basis for a recording by Camerata Trajectina in 2012.
References
Dutch-language operas
1678 operas
Pierre Guyotat (9 January 1940 – 7 February 2020) was a French writer.
Literary career
Born in Bourg-Argental, Loire, Guyotat wrote their first novel, Sur un cheval, in 1960. They were called to Algeria in the same year. In 1962 they were found guilty of desertion and publishing forbidden material. After three months in jail they were transferred to a disciplinary centre. Back in Paris, they got involved in journalism, writing first for France Observateur, then for Nouvel Observateur. In 1964, Guyotat published their second novel Ashby.
Between 1964 and 1975, Pierre Guyotat travelled extensively in the Sahara. In July 1967, they were invited to Cuba, along with other writers, where they travelled to the Sierra Maestra with Fidel Castro.
In 1967, they published Tombeau pour cinq cent mille soldats (later released in English as Tomb for 500,000 Soldiers). Based on Guyotat's ordeal as a soldier in the Algerian War, the book earned a cult reputation and became the subject of various controversies, mostly because of its omnipresent sexual obsessions and homoeroticism.
In 1968, Guyotat became a member of the French Communist Party, which they left in 1971.
Eden, Eden, Eden came out in 1970 with a preface by Michel Leiris, Roland Barthes and Philippe Sollers (Michel Foucault's text was received late and therefore didn't appear as a preface). This book was banned from being publicized or sold to minors. A petition of international support was signed by Pier Paolo Pasolini, Jean-Paul Sartre, Pierre Boulez, Joseph Beuys, Pierre Dac, Jean Genet, Simone de Beauvoir, Joseph Kessel, Maurice Blanchot, Max Ernst, Italo Calvino, Jacques Monod, and Nathalie Sarraute. François Mitterrand, and Georges Pompidou tried to get the ban lifted but failed. Claude Simon (who won the Nobel Prize in 1985) resigned from the jury of the Prix Médicis after the prize wasn't awarded to Eden, Eden, Eden.
In 1973, Guyotat's play Bond en avant ("Leap Forward") was performed. During the 1970s Guyotat was involved in various diverse protests: for soldiers, immigrants, and prostitutes. One of those cases was of great importance for him: they personally helped Mohamed Laïd Moussa, a 24 years old Algerian ex-teacher who was accused and then found guilty of unintentional murder in Marseilles. One week after they came out of jail, Mohamed Laïd Moussa was murdered by a masked man; the event had a profound impact on Pierre Guyotat.
In 1975 their novel Prostitution came out (which incorporated Bond en avant as the final monologue). From this point on, Guyotat's novels deal with a new kind of illegibility and obscenity. The fictions still explore the unthinkable possibility of worlds structured by sexual slavery and transgression of fundamental taboos. But the French language is now unrecognizable, estranged by an extreme grammatical, syntactic and lexical creativity. Ellipses of letters or words, neologisms and phonetic transcriptions of Arabic speaking utterances make it difficult to understand. In the 1987 re-edition of Prostitution, a 120 pages appendix - résumé, glossary, "grammar" and translations - is added to the actual fiction to help the disoriented reader.
In 1977, while working on Le Livre (1984) and Histoire de Samora Machel (yet unpublished), they suffered a psychiatric illness. The depression and the deterioration of their physical and mental state culminated, in December 1981, in a coma.
Following the election of Francois Mitterrand, France's first socialist president, in 1981, the ban on Eden, Eden, Eden was lifted.
From 1984 to 1986, Guyotat gave a series of readings and performances of their work all over Europe.
In January 2000 they were involved in the reopening of the Centre Georges Pompidou at Beaubourg, contributing a reading of the first pages of Progénitures. The book was published shortly after, in 2000 (Gallimard), and Explications (éditions Leo Scheer). In 2005, Sur un cheval was reedited and in April 2005 it was read on Radio France under Alain Ollivier's direction. The Carnets de bord (vol. 1, 1962-1969) were published the same year, as well as Pierre Guyotat's first biography by Catherine Brun, Pierre Guyotat, essai biographique (éd. Léo Scheer)
Between 2005 and 2010, Pierre Guyotat wrote and published three autobiographical books: Coma (prix Décembre 2006), Formation (2007) and Arrière-fond (2010). In 2011, Pierre Guyotat wrote Independence about their experience of the war, published for the centenary of the Nouvelle Revue Française. The classes they gave at the University of Paris 8, between 2001 and 2004, were published in 2011 under the title Leçons sur la langue française (éd. Léo Scheer).
In 2014 they published Joyeux animaux de la misère (Gallimard). An excerpt of the book was read at the Ircam by actor and director Stanislas Nordey who brought the text to the stage in 2016. The second part of the book was published in the spring of 2016.
In 2018, Pierre Guyotat's Idiotie won the Prix Medicis.
In 2004, Pierre Guyotat donated their manuscripts to the Bibliothèque nationale de France (French National Library).
Bibliography
English translations
"Eden, Eden, Eden" transl. by Graham Fox, reworked and revised, (London, Vauxhall&Company, 2017, series editors Paul Buck & Catherine Petit)
"Body of the Text," transl. by Catherine Duncan, published in Polysexuality (Los Angeles, Semiotext(e), 1981).
Eden, Eden, Eden, transl. by Graham Fox (London, Creation Books, 1995).
Prostitution: An Excerpt, transl. by Bruce Benderson (New York, Red Dust, 1995).
Tomb for 500,000 soldiers, transl. by Romain Slocombe (London, Creation Books, 2003).
"Art is what remains of History," transl. by Paul Buck and Catherine Petit, published in Frozen Tears II (Birmingham, ARTicle Press, 2004).
Coma, transl. by Noura Wedell (Los Angeles, Semiotext(e), 2010).
Independence, transl. by Noura Wedell (Los Angeles, Semiotext(e), 2011).
In the deep, transl. by Noura Wedell (Los Angeles, Semiotext(e), 2014).
Fiction
1961 Sur un cheval (Seuil, Paris).
1964 Ashby (Seuil, Paris).
1967 Tombeau pour cinq cent mille soldats (Gallimard, Paris).
1970 Eden, Eden, Eden (Gallimard, Paris).
1975 Prostitution (Gallimard, Paris).
1984 Le Livre (Gallimard, Paris).
1995 Wanted Female, with Sam Francis (Lapis Press, Los Angeles).
2000 Progénitures (Gallimard, Paris).
2014 Joyeux animaux de la misère (Gallimard, Paris).
2016 Par la main dans les enfers: Joyeux animaux de la misère II (Gallimard, Paris)
Non-fiction
1972 Littérature interdite (Gallimard, Paris).
1984 Vivre (Denoël, Paris).
2000 Explications (Léo Scheer, Paris).
2005 Carnets de bord, volume 1 1962-1969 (Ligne-Manifeste).
2006 Coma (Mercure de France, Paris).
2007 Formation (Gallimard, Paris).
2010 Arrière-fond (Gallimard, Paris).
2011 Leçons Sur la Langue Française (Léo Scheer, Paris).
2013 Pierre Guyotat : les grands entretiens d'Artpress (IMEC/Artpress, Paris).
2018 Idiotie (Grasset et Fasquelle, Paris).
Theatre
1972 Bond en avant, produced by Marcel Bozonnet and Alain Ollivier
1987 Bivouac, produced by
2005 Sur un cheval with Valérie Crunchant and Mireille Perrier. Reading directed by Alain Ollivier for France Culture
Biography
2017 Pierre Guyotat Writings, drawings, recordings Cabinet Gallery, London, 29 March - 29 April
2005 Pierre Guyotat: Essai biographique by Catherine Brun (Editions Leo Scheer).
1995 Pierre Guyotat: Written Matter, Cabinet Gallery, London & Creation Books, 142 Charing Cross Road, 27 April - 27 May
References
External links
Interview with Noura Wedell in Bomb Magazine
Video interview with Dominiq Jenvrey (subtitled in English) in ParisLike
Recordings of Guyotat reading their work (in French) hosted by UbuWeb.
1940 births
2020 deaths
20th-century French dramatists and playwrights
20th-century French novelists
21st-century French dramatists and playwrights
21st-century French novelists
French erotica writers
French male novelists
Obscenity controversies in literature
People from Loire (department)
Prix Décembre winners
Prix Médicis winners
Ali Shamal Abdulla (born 21 March 1999) is a Maldivian professional footballer who plays as a right-back or centre-back for United Victory and Maldives national team.
Early life & club career
Shamal began playing football as a goalkeeper, in island level tournaments for the neighbourhood club, Dhoondigalona. They later had a brief trial at Maziya before playing for Dhoondigan as a back-up keeper for the 2015 Minivan Championship.
In 2016, they joined Club Eagles and played there three seasons before joining United Victory in 2020.
International career
On 4 June 2021, Shamal made their debut for the Maldives national team against Syria, replacing Hamza Mohamed in the 61st minute, becoming the first player from Fuvahmulah to represent the senior football team.
References
External links
Ali Shamal at GlobalSportsArchive
1999 births
Living people
Maldivian footballers
Association football defenders
Maldives international footballers
Club Eagles players
United Victory players
Dudua brachytoma is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and Java.
The wingspan is 16 mm. The forewings are dark, dull purplish-fuscous grey with faint bluish and purplish reflections. The hindwings are fuscous bronze, becoming slightly paler greyish towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1973
Olethreutini
Priya Himesh (also credited as Priya Hemesh) is an Indian playback singer. They sing predominantly in Kannada, Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Odia movies. They have sung more than 200 songs working with many leading music directors like Maestro Isaignani Illayaraja, Mr. Harris Jeyraj, Mr. D. Imaan, Mr. Vijay Antony, Mr Devi Sri Prasad, Mr. Yuvan Shankar Raja, Mr. Mani Sharma, Mr. Karthik Raja, Bharadhwaj, Mr. Dhina, Mr. Srikanth Deva, Mr. Sirpi, Mr. Mano Murthy, Mr. V. Harikrishna, Mr. Thaman and Mr. Gopi Sundar.
Priya started singing in light music orchestras in 1989 and performed in more than 5000 stage shows with many leading orchestras in India and Overseas.
Priya is the recipient of Filmfare Awards South for their Telugu song "Ringa Ringa" in the film Aarya 2.
Selected discography
References
Living people
Indian women playback singers
Singers from Chennai
Tamil playback singers
Telugu playback singers
Kannada playback singers
1982 births
21st-century Indian singers
21st-century Indian women singers
Women musicians from Tamil Nadu
Alexandru Lungu may refer to:
Alexandru Lungu (poet), Romanian poet
Alexandru Lungu (fighter), Romanian judoka, mixed martial artist and kickboxer
Brian Finney is a British-American scholar of English literature. They have a BA (Hons) in English and Philosophy from the University of Reading and a PhD in English from Birkbeck College. They taught at the University of London until 1987, when they migrated to California. Since then, they have taught at the University of California, Riverside; the University of California, Los Angeles; the University of Southern California; and California State University, Long Beach.
They won the James Tait Black Award for their biography of Christopher Isherwood.
Bibliography
Since How It Is: A Study of Samuel Beckett's Later Fiction. London: Covent Garden P, 1972.
Christopher Isherwood: A Critical Biography. London: Faber & Faber; New York: Oxford UP, 1979.
The Inner I: British Literary Autobiography of the Twentieth Century. London: Faber & Faber; New York: Oxford UP, 1985.
D. H. Lawrence. Sons and Lovers: A Critical Study. Harmondsworth, Middlesex: Penguin; New York: Viking Penguin, 1990.
English Fiction Since 1984: Narrating a Nation. London and New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2006.
Martin Amis. Routledge Guides to Literature. London and New York: Routledge, 2008.
Terrorized: How the War on Terror Affected American Culture and Society. Amazon: Kindle, 2011.
Money Matters. A Novel. Amazon: KDP, 2019.
Dangerous Conjectures. Amazon: KDP, 2021.
References
Living people
British biographers
Alumni of the University of Reading
Alumni of Birkbeck, University of London
Academics of the University of London
University of California, Riverside faculty
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
University of Southern California faculty
California State University, Long Beach faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Norfolk is an unincorporated community located in Desoto County, Mississippi, United States. Norfolk Landing (also called Helm's Landing), located a short distance west of Norfolk, was the community's port on the Mississippi River.
History
Norfolk began as a steamboat landing on a plantation belonging to a man named Helms. In 1854, Norfolk was a small village.
Norfolk Landing was the first port south of the Mississippi-Tennessee border. In 1862, the newly formed Confederate States of America established a customs office there, and all passing vessels were required to stop and provide a list of cargo. Regarding this action, historian Marion Bragg wrote:
Men who had previously been neutral and disinterested in the issues which had aroused others in the North were suddenly enraged. Free navigation of the Mississippi was a natural birthright of every American, the westerners believed, and they would gladly fight to death for it. The idea of a "foreign power" dictating the terms upon which they could navigate "their river" was unthinkable.
Norfolk had a post office from 1854 to 1913.
Hernando DeSoto Park
Norfolk Landing has been converted into a public park called "Hernando DeSoto Park", which features a hiking/walking trail, river overlook, picnic area, parking and boat launch. The park is the only place in DeSoto County with public access to the Mississippi River.
References
External links
Map from 1842 showing the location of Norfolk in Mississippi
Unincorporated communities in DeSoto County, Mississippi
Memphis metropolitan area
Mississippi populated places on the Mississippi River
Unincorporated communities in Mississippi
The Pulque Tavern (Spanish:La pulquería) is a 1981 Mexican comedy film directed by Víctor Manuel Castro.
Cast
Norma Alvarado
Sonia Camacho
America Cisneros
Arturo Cobo
Mari Carmen Conde
Enrique Cuenca
Luis de Alba
Guillermo de Alvarado
Michelle Dubois
César Escalero
Margarito Esparza Nevare
Isaura Espinoza
Mayte Gerald
Michel Grayeb
Lucía Gálvez
Manuel 'Flaco' Ibáñez
Gloria Alicia Inclán
Rafael Inclán
Héctor Kiev
Carolina Magaña
Patty Martínez
Jeannette Mass
Jorge Mondragon
Sasha Montenegro
Xorge Noble as El Sapo
Ruben 'El Púas' Olivares
Polo Ortín
Doris Pavel
Roberto G. Rivera
Jorge Rivero
Carmen Salinas
Shandira
Rebeca Silva
Alfredo Solares
Rafael Torres
Manuel 'Loco' Valdés
Isela Vega
Pedro Weber 'Chatanuga'
Alfonso Zayas
References
Bibliography
Charles Ramírez Berg. Cinema of Solitude: A Critical Study of Mexican Film, 1967-1983. University of Texas Press, 2010.
External links
1981 films
1981 comedy films
Mexican comedy films
1980s Spanish-language films
Anna Lisa Muhlach Sumilang-Martinez (March 27, 1967 – March 14, 2015), also known as Liezl Martinez was an actor in the Philippines where they were known by their screen names Liezl and Anna-Lisa.
Early life
They were born on March 27, 1967 to superstars Amalia Fuentes (1940–2019) and Romeo Vasquez (1939–2017) in Manila, Philippines.
Personal life
Martinez was married to Filipino actor and director Albert Martinez. They had three children: Alyanna, Alfonso and Alissa Martinez.
Health and death
Liezl was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2008 following a breast examination ordered by Dr. Judy Fuentes, their obstetrician-gynecologist at The Medical City (TMC). Liezl made a statement that they did not have any symptoms but that since their doctor said women aged 40 and above should undergo breast examinations yearly, they underwent the test.
Liezl had just recovered and "regained their crowning glory" when, in July 2011, they had had a persistent cough. They consulted with Dr. Liza Garcia, their pulmonologist at TMC, who ordered some tests that later showed that they had fluid in their lungs. When the fluids were drained from their lungs, the diagnosis confirmed that Liezl's cancer had recurred and had metastasized to their left lung; the cancer was already in its Stage 4. “I thought I was okay and then it happened. It was much more painful and harder to accept,” Liezl said in an interview.
Throughout their battle with cancer, Liezl had the support of their husband, Albert. In a Philippine Daily Inquirer report in 2012, Albert stated that they would make sure they lived “as normal a life as possible.”
Liezl Martinez's mother, former movie queen Amalia Fuentes, stood by their daughter's deathbed.
On March 14, 2015, Liezl's mother stated in a phone interview with the Inquirer that, after a valiant battle with their cancer, the former child star had peacefully died at 6:15 a.m. surrounded by their family. Liezl, who would have turned 48 on March 27, is survived by husband actor-director Albert Martinez and their three children, Alyanna, Alfonso and Alissa.
Legacy
Asked why they included Anna Lissa “Liezl” Muhlach Sumilang Martinez among their first batch of members of the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board (MTRCB), Sen. Grace Poe said: “She was a good mother and wife, had a firm grasp of what is right or wrong, with a strong connection and concern for the movie and TV industries, balanced by their compassion for the welfare of children.”
With the MTRCB, Liezl took charge of the “Matalinong Panonood” sorties to various parts of the country.
Liezl was designated to oversee physical improvements in the MTRCB Building, a task they relished and was meticulous to the detail.
The building's fourth floor boardroom was later named the Liezl S. Martinez Hall. Christening rights were held on the 25th of March, two days before what would have been their 48th birthday; in attendance were their husband, Albert; children Alfonso, Alyanna and Alissa; and Liezl's father, Romeo Vasquez; the MTRCB's chairperson, Eugenio “Toto” Villareal; board members; and Liezl's office staff who loved their "Ma'am Liezl".
Filmography
References
1967 births
2015 deaths
Actresses from Manila
Filipino child actores
Filipino film actores
Filipino television actores
Filipino people of Chinese descent
Filipino people of German descent
Filipino people of Spanish descent
Deaths from cancer in the Philippines
Deaths from breast cancer
Liezl
Liezl
20th-century Filipino actores
21st-century Filipino actores
The Pomodoro Technique is a time management method developed by Francesco Cirillo in the late 1980s. It uses a kitchen timer to break work into intervals, typically 25 minutes in length, separated by short breaks. Each interval is known as a pomodoro, from the Italian word for tomato, after the tomato-shaped kitchen timer Cirillo used as a university student.
The technique has been widely popularized by apps and websites providing timers and instructions. Closely related to concepts such as timeboxing and iterative and incremental development used in software design, the method has been adopted in pair programming contexts.
Description
The original technique has six steps:
Decide on the task to be done.
Set the pomodoro timer (typically for 25 minutes).
Work on the task.
End work when the timer rings and take a short break (typically 5–10 minutes).
If you have finished fewer than three pomodoros, go back to Step 2 and repeat until you go through all three pomodoros.
After three pomodoros are done, take the fourth pomodoro and then take a long break (typically 20 to 30 minutes). Once the long break is finished, return to step 2.
For the purposes of the technique, a pomodoro is an interval of work time.
Regular breaks are taken, aiding assimilation. A 10-minute break separates consecutive pomodoros. Four pomodoros form a set. There is a longer 20–30-minute break between sets.
A goal of the technique is to reduce the effect of internal and external interruptions on focus and flow. A pomodoro is indivisible; when interrupted during a pomodoro, either the other activity must be recorded and postponed (using to inform – negotiate – schedule – call back strategy) or the pomodoro must be abandoned.
After task completion in a pomodoro, any remaining time should be devoted to activities, for example:
Review your work just completed.
Review the activities from a learning point of view (ex: What learning objective did you accomplish? What learning outcome did you accomplish? Did you fulfill your learning target, objective, or outcome for the task?)
Review the list of upcoming tasks for the next planned pomodoro time blocks, and start reflecting on or updating them.
Cirillo suggests:
The stages of planning, tracking, recording, processing and visualizing are fundamental to the technique. In the planning phase, tasks are prioritized by recording them in a "To Do Today" list, enabling users to estimate the effort they will require. As pomodoros are completed, they are recorded, adding to a sense of accomplishment and providing raw data for subsequent self-observation and improvement.
Tools
The creator and their proponents encourage a low-tech approach, using a mechanical timer, paper and pencil. The physical act of winding the timer confirms the user's determination to start the task; ticking externalises desire to complete the task; ringing announces a break. Flow and focus become associated with these physical stimuli.
The technique has inspired application software for several platforms, with various programs available.
See also
Incremental reading
Life hacking
Procrastination
52/17 rule
References
Personal development
Personal time management
time management
Baker Peak, at above sea level is the fifth-highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of the U.S. state of Idaho. Located in Sawtooth National Forest on the border of Blaine and Camas counties, Baker Peak is about east of Big Peak and south of Backdrop Peak. It is the 407th-highest peak in Idaho.
References
Mountains of Idaho
Mountains of Blaine County, Idaho
Mountains of Camas County, Idaho
Sawtooth National Forest
Kwak Jun-hyeok is an Associate Professor of Political Science at Korea University, where they have taught political philosophy and theory since Fall 2007. They also serve as Director of EAI Center for Values & Ethics and Head of Center for Political Theory, Peace and Democracy Institute at Korea University. They received their Ph.D. from the University of Chicago in 2002. Before joining the faculty at Korea University, they taught political thought at Kyungpook National University. Their research interests lie at the crossroads of political thought from Socrates to Machiavelli and contemporary political/social theory, with concentration on republicanism, nationalism, constitutionalism, democratic leadership, and human rights. They teach classes on constitutionalism and democracy, multiculturalism, politics and rhetoric, human rights, and classical and medieval political thought.
Their research currently focuses on constructing reciprocal nondomination as a regulative principle that guides agonistic deliberation between peoples in conflict as well as cultures in tension, with special but not exclusive attention to classical republicans, such as Aristotle, Cicero, and Machiavelli. Besides, they inquire a way in which reciprocal nondomination can be applicable to various subjects, including patriotism without nationalism, deliberative democracy, democratic authority, civic responsibility, transnationalism, and multicultural coexistence, etc..  They are now working on books entitled, Liberty as Nondomination: Reconsidering Classical Republicanism, Machiavelli's Silence, and Patriotism before Nationalism, and running projects “Inherited Responsibility” and “Republican Leadership.”
Education
Ph.D. Department of Political Science, University of Chicago, August 2002 - Dissertation Title (Political Theory): Managing Political Transformation: “Revolution” in Machiavelli's Discorsi
M.A. Department of Political Science, Korea University, March 1993
B.A. Department of Political Science, Korea University, March 1991
Academic Awards and Fellowships
EAI ASI (Asia Security Initiative) Scholarship, MacArthur Foundation, 2009.
POSCO Asia Research Grant 2007.
The Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation Dissertation Fellowship, 1999-2001.
Mellon Foundation First-Year Dissertation Award 1998.
University of Chicago Graduate Fellowship 1996-1999.
Sasakawa Award (excellent MA thesis), Korea University, 1994.
Papers
"The Politics of Aspiration". Japanese Journal of Political Thought. No. 10, (2010), pp. 153–182. [Japanese]
"Political Philosophy of Niccolò Machiavelli", Understanding Human Being through Classics. Kyungpook National University Press (March 2010, Forthcoming). [Korean]
"Civic Education and South Korea: Interview with Professor Amy Gutmann", The Journal of Asiatic Studies. Vol. 52, No. 4 (2009), pp. 75–109. [Korean]
"Politics of Aspiration: Machiavelli and Classical Republicanism", Korean Journal of Political Science. Vol. 17, No. 2 (2009) [Korean]
"Democracy and South Korea: Interview with Professor Chantal Mouffe," The Journal of Asiatic Studies, Vol. 52, No. 3 (2009), pp. 129–186.
"Coexistence without Principle: Reconsidering Multicultural Policies in Japan," Pacific Focus, Vol. 24, No. 2 (2009), pp. 161–186.
"Nationalism and South Korea: Interview with Professor David Miller," The Journal of Asiatic Studies, Vol. 52, No. 2 (2009), pp. 99–139.
Books
Kyŏngkye wa P'yŏn'gyŏn ŭl nŏmŏsŏ (Beyond Boundary and Prejudice), (Seoul: Han'gilsa, 2010) [Korean]
Konghwa juŭi wa jŏngch'i iron, trans. Kwak Jun-hyeok, Jo Gye-won, and Hong Seung-hun, Seoul: Kach'i, 2009 (Republicanism and Political Theory, Cecile Laborde and Jon Maynor eds., London: Blackwell, 2008). [in Korean]
Is Electoral System Democratic?, trans. Kwak Jun-hyeok, Seoul: Humanitas, 2004 (The Principles of Representative Government, Bernard Manin, New York: Cambridge, 1997). [in Korean]
References
External links
Prof. Kwak's personal website
Center For Values and Ethics at East Asia Institute website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century philosophers
Korea University alumni
Korea University faculty
Political philosophers
University of Chicago alumni
Bradley Foundation Fellows
Hogmanay Pass () is a pass high, immediately southwest of the Scripps Heights, leading from the head of Casey Glacier to the middle of Lurabee Glacier, in northeastern Palmer Land, Antarctica. The feature was first photographed from the air by Lincoln Ellsworth in November 1935, and its southern portion was plotted from these photos by W.L.G. Joerg. It was rephotographed by the United States Antarctic Service in 1940, and by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in 1947. This pass was used by a Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey survey party in December 1960 and provided a good sledge route. It was so named because the pass was approached on the last day of 1960, the Scottish feast of Hogmanay.
References
Mountain passes of Palmer Land
Winston Kinnard Garland (born December 19, 1964) is an American former professional basketball player at the point guard position. They played collegiately at the Southeastern Community College (Iowa) for two seasons (1983–84 and 1984–85), and then at the Missouri State University for the two following seasons. They were selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the second round (40th pick overall) of the 1987 NBA draft. Garland played eight professional seasons, 7 of which were in the NBA, where they played for 5 different teams – Golden State Warriors (1987 to 1990), Los Angeles Clippers (1990–91), Denver Nuggets (1991–92), Houston Rockets (1992–93) and Minnesota Timberwolves (1994–95).
In their NBA career, Garland played in 511 games and scored a total of 4,799 points. Their best year as a professional came during the 1988–89 season as a member of the Warriors, appearing in 79 games and averaging 14.5 ppg. In their rookie campaign, Garland was the first Warrior to record a triple double in five years.
They played one year professionally in Italy, for Benetton Treviso (1993–94, won the Italian Cup). In high school, as a junior, they played for Roosevelt High School, the same school that produced NBA veterans, Dick Barnett and Glenn Robinson, in the 1982 Indiana State Championship. Roosevelt lost the championship game in the last seconds to Plymouth High School, which was led by Scott Skiles, NBA veteran. In 2007, they were inducted into the Indiana High School Basketball Hall of Fame – Silver Anniversary Team. Following their playing career, Garland was the head boys' basketball coach at Gary West Side High School in Gary, Indiana from 2009 to 2012.
Garland is the father of Cleveland Cavaliers player Darius Garland.
References
1964 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Gary, Indiana
Denver Nuggets players
Golden State Warriors players
High school basketball coaches in Indiana
Houston Rockets players
Los Angeles Clippers players
Milwaukee Bucks draft picks
Minnesota Timberwolves players
Missouri State Bears basketball players
Pallacanestro Treviso players
Point guards
Southeastern Blackhawks men's basketball players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The 1936–37 Hovedserien season was the third season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Grane won the championship.
First round
Group A
Group B
Final
Grane - Ski- og Fotballklubben Trygg 1:1/2:1
Relegation
First round
Furuset Ishockey - Gjøa Ishockey 1:0
Second round
Stabæk Idrettsforening - Gjøa Ishockey 2:0
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1936–37 in Norwegian ice hockey
Ronald P. Schaefer (born June 17, 1949), also known as Ron Schaefer is an American academic, English professor, and linguist.  They are the first person "to devise a written version of a language called Emai", a language reported in 1997 to be spoken by about 30,000 Emai people in Edo State of Nigeria. They have been described as one with "fevered intellect, the sharp chin, the untamable kineticism."
Biography
Schaefer was born in Minnesota in 1949. From 1971 to 1973, they served as a Peace Corps volunteer in Afghanistan where they taught English language at Kabul University. Of the experience they said “What it did for me was open me up to the vast cultural currents that traversed Afghanistan over historical time. Alexander the Great and their armies had moved through. Genghis Khan had moved through. The great Mogul Empires had housed themselves there, and various other significant populations that I had read about in school. Now I was able to see the remnants of their buildings, their wells.”
Work on Emai
Between 1981 and 1985, they taught in the linguistics department at the University of Benin. It was there they discovered the language Emai, spoken by one of their students Francis Egbokhare. Emai is spoken about 60 miles from Benin, in the Afemmai Hills of Edo State. Schaefer had first planned to study all the languages of the region, but eventually relented. The motivation for their work on Emai, they said, was to prevent the language from going into extinction.
“Right now, it would be very difficult to find a storyteller, a chief who knew the stories and knew how to tell them as the Emai traditionally told their stories. It's just not possible. So today, you have young people who are training to be linguists, and they work with a native speaker. They will find some piece of information, or they will find a sound pattern or a syntactic pattern and they will think this is brand new. It may be true, but it will probably come about as a part of incomplete learning on the part of young people because parents are not using the language in the home, and schools certainly don't use it. We have been fortunate that some schools have used our stories to begin to teach the language, but it is really an uphill battle. By studying your language you learn something about who you are, especially at a university,”
Schaefer and Egbokhare have worked together for over thirty years. With Egbokhare, they have produced "a 552 page dictionary of Email, two volumes of oral tradition narratives running to 1,261 pages." Together, they have also published "over 35 books and essays in the space of 20 years."
Work at Southern Illinois University
In 1986, they joined the faculty of Southern Illinois University Edwardsville and was promoted in 1990 to assistant professor, and later to full professor in 1995. In 2010, they were recognized as a Distinguished Research Professor.
They retired from Southern Illinois University Edwardsville in 2015.
Notable publications
A dictionary of Emai: an Edoid language of Nigeria -including a grammatical sketch (2007) with Francis Egbokhare
Oral Tradition Narratives of the Emai People (1999)
An Emai Myth‘ is from Ronald P. Schaefer and Francis O. Egbokhare (1999); Oral Tradition Narratives of the Emai People Part I (Research on African Languages and Cultures; Rüdiger Schott, ed.; Volume 5); Lit Verlag; Hamburg.
References
1949 births
Living people
Linguists from the United States
University of Minnesota alumni
Texas Tech University alumni
University of Kansas alumni
Southern Illinois University Edwardsville faculty
Jean Bosco Baremes (born August 30, 1960 in Han, Carteret Islands, Papua New Guinea) is a Papua New Guinean clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Port-Vila. They were appointed bishop in 2009.
See also
Catholic Church in Vanuatu
History of Papua New Guinea
References
Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Port-Vila
Living people
1960 births
Boeing South Carolina is an airplane assembly facility built by Boeing in North Charleston, South Carolina, United States. Located on the grounds of the joint-use Charleston Air Force Base and Charleston International Airport, the site is the final assembly and delivery point for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Boeing opened the site in July 2011, after purchasing the facilities of suppliers Vought and Global Aeronautica in 2008 and 2009. The final assembly building covers and opened on November 12, 2011. As of September 28, 2017, the site employs 6,943 workers and contractors.
History
Sub-assembly site
The site is located on the southern portions of the joint-use Charleston Air Force Base and Charleston International Airport located in the city of North Charleston, South Carolina.
The site was initially established in 2004 to build components for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Instead of conventionally building the 787 from the ground up, Boeing assigned subcontractors to do more assembly work, delivering completed sub-assemblies to the Boeing Everett Factory where workers would join them and integrate systems. This approach was intended to result in a leaner, simpler assembly line and lower inventory, with pre-installed systems reducing final assembly time by three-quarters to three days.
The South Carolina site was used by two of these subcontractors: Vought Aircraft Industries and Global Aeronautica, a joint venture of Vought and Alenia Aeronautica, to build sections of the fuselage out of composite materials. Global Aeronautica would receive mid-fuselage sections from an international supply chain including Alenia factories in Italy, and aft fuselage sections from the Vought factory next door. Global Aeronautica would then assemble these sections and then ship the more than 60 percent complete fuselage to Everett onboard the Boeing Dreamlifter, a fleet of converted 747s. The facility broke ground in February 2005 and was completed in late 2006.
Subcontractors had difficulties finishing sub-assemblies on schedule, and for many including Alenia, the work proved unprofitable. Amid these issues, and in an effort to gain more control over the supply chain, Boeing purchased Vought's share of the Global Aeronautica joint venture in June 2008, Vought's standalone operations in July 2009, and Alenia's share of Global Aeronautica in December 2009.
Final assembly site
Now controlling a large site of land in South Carolina, where 60 percent of 787 assembly was already taking place, Boeing announced in October 2009 that it would build a new 787 Dreamliner final assembly and delivery line in North Charleston. Boeing said that the second production line was necessary to, "meet the market demand for the airplane," but it came amid tense negotiations between the company and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) union representing workers in Everett who had recently gone on strike. South Carolina's unionisation rates, the lowest in the country at 2.7%, were stated by Boeing management as a reason to transfer production to there. IAM said the decision was retaliatory and National Labor Relations Board agreed, filing a lawsuit against the company in April 2011. The lawsuit was dropped in December after IAM withdrew its complaint as part of a new contract with Boeing, clearing the way for production to begin in South Carolina. Since then, Boeing has continued to challenge the rights of unions to organize at the plant, and is alleged to have fired workers for their attempts to unionize.
Ground was broken for the new final assembly building in November 2009. The building contains eight positions for aircraft assembly and multiple floors of offices, conference rooms, and equipment storage. 18,000 tons of structural steel was used during the assembly and the building is 1,041 feet long by 618 feet wide. The building also hosts of solar panels on the roof that can generate up to 2.6 megawatts of electricity that is able to power the plant and giant autoclaves. Limited production began in July 2011, with the first airplane rolling out of the final assembly on April 27, 2012, taking its first flight on May 23, and delivered to Air India on October 5.
In addition to the new final assembly building and existing aft fuselage production, midbody assembly and Dreamlifter operations buildings, Boeing also opened a delivery center at the site in November 2011. The center contains office space and conference rooms to meet with customers buying new planes, along with two jet bridges. A two-bay paint facility was added in 2016, allowing Dreamliners to be painted on site, instead of being flown elsewhere.
The first 787−10 was rolled out on February 17, 2017, and was considered a major achievement for the South Carolina factory, as it would be the first Boeing airliner variant assembled exclusively there. The Everett plant was unable to build the −10 because the mid-fuselage sections are too large to fit inside the Dreamlifter.
Undertaking drastic cost-cutting measures in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic and its resulting impact on aviation, Boeing announced on October 1, 2020, that it would consolidate all of its 787 assembly at the South Carolina factory. The move was completed in February 2021.
Quality-control issues
The South Carolina plant has been accused of shoddy production and ignoring safety defects in its airplanes in favor of meeting deadlines.
In 2019, following the discovery of exterior damage on planes manufactured in Charleston, for a time, Qatar Airways would only accept delivery of Dreamliners assembled in Everett. Later that same year KLM, which had discovered loose seats, missing and incorrectly installed pins, nuts and bolts not fully tightened and a fuel-line clamp left unsecured on its jet, complained that the standard of manufacture was "way below acceptable standards."
Early in 2020, Boeing engineers discovered depressions in the 787's vertical tail fin, which could lead to structural failure under limited loads, affecting hundreds of planes or the vast majority of the fleet. Eight 787s were grounded due to the issue, which had been discovered in August 2019 at the South Carolina plant, but were delivered to customers anyway. The company received further criticism after it was revealed that Boeing had eliminated 900 quality inspectors at about the same time that they failed to detect or stop the issues.
In September 2020, Boeing admitted that the FAA was investigating quality-control lapses dating back to the introduction of the 787 in 2011 and considering requiring additional inspections for up to 900 of the roughly 1,000 Dreamliners in service. By January 2021, Boeing had halted 787 deliveries to complete the inspection relating to the ongoing quality control issues. The halt was only expected to last a month, but stretched on for more than a year, except for a brief restart between March and May 2021.
Amid the ongoing investigation, the FAA stripped Boeing of its delegated authority to inspect and sign off on 787 aircraft until the company can, "demonstrate consistent quality, stable delivery processes, and a robust plan for the rework needed on the undelivered aircraft in storage." Since the January 2021 stop in deliveries, FAA has rejected several plans from Boeing to address the issues.
, Boeing has not submitted a plan to inspect and repair already constructed planes, indicating a further delay of weeks or months before the resumption of deliveries. The South Carolina plant continues to build planes at a reduced pace of less than two planes a month.
Local impact
The new factory has provided a boost to the local economy in the wake of record-high unemployment rates during the Great Recession, especially in the manufacturing industry. North Charleston mayor Keith Summey called the new factory the "reversal of the shipyard closing," alluding to the 1996 closure of the Charleston Naval Shipyard that took a heavy toll on the local economy. Boeing was offered an incentives package reportedly worth $450 million provided the company create 3,800 jobs and invest $750 million over the next seven years.
Later calculations determined that the state-offered incentives package will be worth in excess of $900 million, when including property and sales tax breaks and state bonds. State lawmakers stood by the deal, insisting that the economic advantages of the package would justify a sizable investment by the State.
In addition to the main 787 production facility at the airport, in 2011 Boeing has also established a 141-acre north campus, about 10 miles away near Ladson, South Carolina. The first building to open was the Interiors Responsibility Center South Carolina where 787 cabin parts are manufactured. The campus expanded in 2014 with the opening of the Boeing Research & Technology Center and Propulsion South Carolina which designs and assembles engine nacelle parts for the 737 MAX and the 777X.
References
External links
Boeing
Buildings and structures in North Charleston, South Carolina
Industrial buildings and structures in South Carolina
Manufacturing plants in the United States
Boeing manufacturing facilities
Industrial buildings completed in 2011
2011 establishments in South Carolina
Tutak (, also Romanized as Tūtak) is a village in Ghaniabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 161, in 38 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
The Brigidine Sisters (also known as the Brigidine Order, or simply the Brigidines) are a global Roman Catholic congregation, founded by Bishop Daniel Delany in Tullow, Ireland on 1 February 1807. The sisters' apostolate is education.
Background
In 1783, Daniel Delany, coadjutor to James Keeffe, Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin, established at Tullow, the Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament. Two years later, they founded the Confraternity of Christian Doctrine. In 1788, Delany succeeded Keeffe as Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin. Keenly aware of the lamentable state to which religion had been reduced by the Penal Laws, they sought to remedy the situation by applying themselves to secure the proper observance of the Lord's Day, and the religious instruction of the children and adult women of their parish and diocese. To inaugurate their work there they formed catechism and reading classes to be held in the church on Sundays, and drew their catechists from the two confraternities.
Delany traveled to Cork to invite the Presentation Sisters to their diocese, but they had no sisters to spare.
History
The Institute of the Brigidines was established by Most Rev. Dr. Delaney, Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin, at Tullow, Co. Carlow, Ireland, in 1807. An earlier congregation linked to Saint Brigid had been founded in the fifth century AD, and had lasted until the Reformation; Bishop Delany considered the establishment of this new congregation to be merely a refounding of the original one. In order to demonstrate this continuity, they brought an oak sapling with them from Kildare and planted it in the grounds of the new convent in Tullow, County Carlow.
The sisters were: Eleanor Tallon, Margaret Kinsella, Eleanor Dawson, Judith Whelan, Bridget Brien and Catherine Doyle. Bishop Delany allowed them to make vows, and thus laid the foundation of the Brigidine Institute, one of the first of the kind founded in Ireland since the Reformation. Delany gave them a rule based on that of St. Augustine.
The sisters immediately opened schools for the poorer and higher classes of children in the neighbourhood. This work proving successful, a building was erected for the accommodation of boarders who presented themselves, but who had until then to lodge in the town. Soon many came to avail themselves of the advantages of religious and secular education afforded by the Brigidine Sisters.
In April 1809, they sent three of the sisters from the mother house at Tullow to Mountrath in County Laois, where they founded a convent. The sisters were employed in education. The Brigidine Convent school closed in June 2009. In September 2009 it amalgamated with nearby Patrician College Ballyfin to form Mountrath Community School. In 1824, the sisters began a button factory in Tullow to raise the funds for a new school building.
In 1842, another house was established in Abbeyleix, also in Co. Laois. Then, in 1858 a layperson in Goresbridge, County Kilkenny offered to help finance a foundation in their parish. The Paulstown foundation soon followed. The Sisters came to the village of Ballyroan in 1877. Three sisters from the Abbeyleix Community took up residence in their newly built convent on 25 September of that year. The convent and school closed in 1974.
In 1883, in answer to a request from a bishop in New South Wales, six sisters from Mountrath went to Australia. They founded their first establishment in Coonamble, New South Wales. From there branches quickly spread to the dioceses of Sydney, Bathurst, Canberra-Goulburn, Perth and Brisbane as well as to the Archdiocese of Wellington, New Zealand, in 1898.
The institute, although several times approved by the Holy See, continued a diocesan congregation until 1892, when Pope Leo XIII, on being solicited to place all the houses of the institute under a mother-general, issued a Decree approving of change in government for five years by way of experiment, and in 1907 Pope Pius X confirmed, in perpetuity, the constitution of the new regime. In 1923 it was opened the first house of the New Brigidine Order in Djursholm, near Stockholm.
The Sisters returned to the British Isles and founded the first two convents in the UK: St Brigid's School (1939) in Denbigh, Wales and Brigidine Convent (1948) in Windsor, England.
The archive of the Brigidine Sisters is stored in the Delany Archive in Carlow College.
Mission and ethos
The Brigidine motto is Fortiter et Suaviter, which is Latin for "Strength and Kindliness". Its mission is the education and evangelisation of youth.
Schools
Australia
New South Wales
Brigidine College, Randwick
Brigidine College, St Ives
Queensland
Brigidine College, Indooroopilly
South Australia
Kildare College
Victoria
Clonard College
Kilbreda College
Kildare College, Malvern (closed)
Killester College
Kilmaire Ladies' College, Riversdale Road, Hawthorn (closed)
Marian College, Ararat
Marian College, Sunshine West
St Augustine's College, Kyabram
St Joseph's College, Echuca
Western Australia
Brigidine College, Floreat (absorbed by Newman College)
New Zealand
St Bride's College for Girls (merged to become Chanel College, Masterton)
United Kingdom
Brigidine School (closed 31 January 2019)
St Brigid's School
See also
List of Brigidine schools
Catholic religious order
List of Catholic religious institutes
References
External links
The Brigidine Sisters: Our beginnings - Australian Website
Delaney Archive - Brigidine Sisters Archive
Solas Bhríde
Catholic teaching orders
Catholic female orders and societies
Religious organizations established in 1807
Catholic religious institutes established in the 19th century
1807 establishments in Ireland
Beacon or Beacon Reader was an independent web platform to fund journalism projects founded in 2013. It was based in Oakland, California. Hundreds of journalists used the platform to finance their writing and investigations. The organisers worked with newspaper publications to promote the projects, and to help the stories produced reach a wider audience. Beacon announced in an email on October 4, 2016 that they are no longer offering services for journalists or backers, and that on September 12, 2016 all active subscriptions were cancelled and no further contributions could be made.
As of 2015, over US$1,000,000 was raised via 20,000 donors to fund journalism. The site differed from existing models of funding journalism with donations, such as National Public Radio and Kickstarter by focusing on the journalist, providing publishing support, vetting and audience participation in story development. Failure for individual writers is high, however popular news outlets, e.g. The Huffington Post and The Texas Tribune, have been more successful in raising funds.
Example projects
The Huffington Post crowdfunded over $40,000 for a fellowship to allow a journalist to remain in Ferguson, Missouri to cover the protests in that city.
My Four Months as a Private Prison Guard - $75,000 salary funding for Shane Bauer, a hiker and journalist who was imprisoned in Iran for 26 months.
The Net Neutrality Battle - Techdirt raised nearly $70,000 to support its coverage of the net neutrality fight in Washington, D.C.
Climate Confidential - a team of six climate and environment reporters, raised over $46,000 to create a micro-publication devoted to climate issues.
The Texas Tribune obtained funding for a series of stories on how the shale boom is changing Texas.
Wolf OR7 - a grey wolf is scientifically studied making a journey from Oregon to California
Criticism
The partnership between Beacon and The Huffington Post was criticised for allowing a for-profit corporation seek and accept funding for donations that are usually reserved for non-profit entities. The fear is that it may be easier to crowdfund journalist salaries than expending corporate profits.
See also
Comparison of crowd funding services
Decline of newspapers
References
External links
Crowdfunding platforms of the United States (defunct)
"If This Isn't Love" is a popular 1946 song composed by Burton Lane with lyrics written by E. Y. Harburg. The song was published in 1946 and introduced by Ella Logan and Donald Richards the following year in the Broadway musical Finian's Rainbow.
Recorded versions
Buddy Clark (recorded on November 12, 1946, released on Columbia 37223).
Ella Logan, Donald Richards and the Lynn Murray Singers (recorded on April 7, 1947)
The Clayton Brothers - included in their album Siblingity (2000).
Alma Cogan - a single release in 1958.
Michael Feinstein - included in their album Romance on Film, Romance on Broadway (2000)
Gracie Fields (recorded on September 1, 1947).
Don Francks, Petula Clark, Fred Astaire (1968 Film Soundtrack)
Geraldo & their Orchestra (vocal: Denny Vaughan) (1948).
Stan Kenton - for their album Finian's Rainbow (1968).
Dean Martin - for the album Finian's Rainbow (1963)
Karen Mason - for their album Not So Simply Broadway (1995).
Biff McGuire, Jeannie Carson, Bobby Howes (1960 Broadway Revival)
Frank Sinatra (1955) recorded for the abandoned animated film version of Finian's Rainbow, released on Frank Sinatra in Hollywood 1940-1964 (2002)
Melissa Errico, Max von Essen and Jonathan Freeman in the Footlights recording of the Irish Repertory Theatre production of the show (2004).
Sarah Vaughan - for their album Sarah Vaughan Sings Broadway: Great Songs from Hit Shows (1958)
References
Songs from musicals
Songs with lyrics by Yip Harburg
1946 songs
Songs with music by Burton Lane
Rostamabad (, also Romanized as Rostamābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 225, in 60 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
East Howe is a residential district of the town of Bournemouth, Dorset on the south coast of England.
Origins
The district takes its name from the now-archaic English word "howe", variously defined as denoting a depression or a stretch of high ground. There is a ridge of high ground stretching across to the west, which appears to have given rise to the toponyms High Howe, West Howe and East Howe, certainly prior to 1826 when all three settlements were marked on Greenwood's map of Dorset. Previously, a 'How Corner' had featured on Paterson's 1785 map of Dorset, seemingly denoting a bend in the Poole to Ringwood road (now the A348) as it passed through the High Howe area.
'Headless Cross Lane'
East Howe is approached from the ancient district of Kinson via East Howe Lane, which was known as 'Headless Cross Lane' in the 1920s on account of the T-shape formed by its junction with Wimborne Road. This T-junction was marked as 'Headless Cross' on Ordnance Survey maps between 1888 and 1969. Previously it had been known as 'Rigler's Cross' after William Rigler, a landowner at the time of the 1851 census, whose descendants still live in the Kinson and East Howe areas. The junction was reconfigured in 1962 when Broadway Lane was extended to meet up with Headless Cross; around the same time, land on the south-west side of the junction was acquired by Bournemouth Borough Council who proceeded to lay it out as a recreation area. The area was to be christened 'Headless Cross Park', but on reflection this was thought to sound too gruesome and 'East Howe Recreation Ground' was suggested as an alternative.
Brook Road
Further south, East Howe Lane is joined by Brook Road in which there once stood Howe Lodge, an eighteenth-century property, thought to have been home to the local smuggler and landowner Isaac Gulliver. Described as a "rambling battlemented manor house", it was demolished in 1958 to allow for road-widening. Its last tenant prior to demolition was William Charles Veal, who rented it from Bournemouth Borough Council and ran a timber-yard there; when digging in the garden, soon after they moved in around 1947, they came upon a brick tunnel and was able to walk along it for 30 or 40 yards before it came to a sudden stop. The tunnel was accessed via a cellar beneath a trapdoor in the living room, presumably a relic of Gulliver's smuggling past.
Politics
East Howe is part of the Bournemouth West parliamentary constituency. East Howe is divided between two wards for elections to Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council; Kinson and Redhill and Northbourne.
References
Areas of Bournemouth
The SD45T-2 is a 6-axle diesel-electric locomotive built by EMD for the Southern Pacific Railroad. Like the later SD40T-2 it is colloquially nicknamed a tunnel motor. 247 total units (including the original EMD/SP joint venture working Prototype) were produced from February 1972 to June 1975, including 84 for SP's subsidiary Cotton Belt. From April 1986 to December 1989, 126 were rebuilt and re-designated as SD45T-2R, including 24 for Cotton Belt.
The SD45T-2 is a variant of the venerable SD45 that featured the "Dash 2" upgrade components such as improved electronics and high traction trucks, with the "T" denoting its cooling system modifications. The intake for radiator cooling air was moved to the walkway level and the cooling fans themselves were under the radiator cores, instead of above. Tunnel motors were built for mountainous areas in the western United States, where SP had previously encountered repeated overheating issues on their SD45s.
The later SD40T-2 looks similar to the SD45T-2. One spotting difference is the longer hood on the SD45T-2 to accommodate the V20 prime mover vs. the V16 used on the SD40T-2. The SD45T-2's cab is further forward on the frame, so there is less "front porch". This mimics the differences between the SD45-2 and the SD40-2. Another spotting difference is the SD45T-2's three fan access doors on each side above the cooling air intake, while the SD40T-2 has two.
Like their SD40T-2, some of SP's SD45T-2 tunnel motors were obtained by Kansas City Southern Railway, Bessemer and Lake Erie Railroad, Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range Railway, and by the Union Pacific Railroad when it merged the SP in 1996.
Some SD45T-2s were rebuilt and designated to SD45T-3, SD40T-3 and SD40-2T. In addition, some locomotive leasing companies own the SD45 tunnel motor locomotives. They are scattered all over the United States and are an increasingly rare sight.
Original Owners
Preservation
As of January 2003, SD45T-2R SP No. 6819 (formerly SP 9193) was donated to the California State Railroad Museum in Sacramento.
References
Sarberenyi, Robert. EMD SD45T-2 Original Owners. Retrieved on August 27, 2006
American-Rails.com . Added May 19, 2018
Richard Percy. ESPEE MODELERS ARCHIVE . Added May 19, 2018
External links
C-C locomotives
SD45T-2
Diesel-electric locomotives of the United States
Railway locomotives introduced in 1972
Freight locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Krautinsel is an island located in Chiemsee lake. With an area of 3.5 hectares, it is the smallest of the three islands in the Chiemsee (apart from the tiny artificial island Schalch west of Frauenchiemsee, aka Fraueninsel). The island received its name because vegetables and herbs were grown there in the Middle Ages. Politically, it belongs to the municipality of Chiemsee in the Rosenheim district.
Two nameless small islands 54 and 80 meters south of the herb island form its southern foothills. They are connected to one another by a gravel bank. They each have only a few square meters of space and only offer space for one tree or shrub. These foothills no longer belong to the municipality of Chiemsee like the herb island, but to the unincorporated area of Chiemsee in the district of Traunstein.
Usage
In contrast to the neighboring island of Frauenchiemsee, Krautinsel is uninhabited. In summer it serves as pasture for the cattle of the farmers around Chiemsee. In autumn the cattle are brought back to the mainland by ship. In the Middle Ages, nuns from the Frauenwörth Benedictine convent (Frauenchiemsee) grew vegetables and herbs on the herb island.
Finds from the Stone Age
Traces of Neolithic settlement were found on the herb island for the first time in 1930. Follow-up examinations from 1993 onwards also brought stone tools from the Paleolithic to light. Among the finds are knives, blades and arrowheads made of flint, flat hatchets made of stone and a flat hatchet made of copper.
See also
List of islands of Germany
References
Islands of Bavaria
Lake islands of Germany
Huang Long (born 5 June 1963) is a Chinese water polo player. They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1963 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1990 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Autumn Trip () is a 1991 South Korean film by Kwak Jae-yong. It revolves around the journeys of five people who venture on different paths to discover their wounds.
Cast
Lee Mi-yeon
Lee Geung-young
Kim Min-jong
Gang Mun-hui
Choi Hak-rak
Lee Ki-yeol
Chu Seok-yang
Kim Hyeon-jeong
Byeon Hye-jin
Han Jeong-ho
External links
South Korean drama road movies
Films directed by Kwak Jae-yong
1991 films
1990s Korean-language films
1990s drama road movies
K-9 is a 1989 American buddy cop action-comedy film starring Jim Belushi and Mel Harris. It was directed by Rod Daniel, written by Steven Siegel and Scott Myers, produced by Lawrence Gordon and Charles Gordon, and released by Universal Pictures.
Belushi plays bad-tempered San Diego police detective Michael Dooley, who has been tagged for execution by a major international drug dealer named Ken Lyman (played by Kevin Tighe). To help, K-9 Sergeant Brannigan (played by Ed O'Neill) gives Dooley an unorthodox drug-sniffing police dog called "Jerry Lee" (named after rock-and-roll singer Jerry Lee Lewis). The duo attempt to put Lyman behind bars but Dooley quickly learns Jerry Lee is a mischievous smart aleck who works only when and how they want to. Many of the film's gags revolve around Jerry Lee's playfully destructive episodes.
The film was followed by a K-9 film series, including two direct-to-video sequels, K-911 (1999) and K-9: P.I. (2002); as well as a television spin-off film titled K-9000, that was intended to be the pilot episode to a TV series that was not ordered.
Plot
San Diego Police Detective Michael Dooley leaves their unmarked police car to contact their girlfriend, Tracy, when a helicopter suddenly appears and opens fire on their car, which ignites. Presuming them dead, the assassins leave the scene. At the police station, Dooley argues with their lieutenant about the other night, refusing to take a partner; instead, they decide to get a police dog. At home, they find Tracy with another man and spends the night in their personal car, a classic 1966 Ford Mustang convertible (he refers to it as a "'65"). The next day, Dooley coerces Freddie, an informant, into revealing that Ken Lyman, the drug lord Dooley has been after for two years, is responsible for the attack. Dooley is assigned a German Shepherd named "Jerry Lee", whom they dislike.
Dooley and Jerry Lee head to a warehouse assumed to be filled with drugs. When Jerry Lee ignores Dooley's orders, the workers laugh at him. Dooley is forced to leave after Jerry Lee finds only a marijuana joint when commanded to find drugs. The duo drive to a pub where Dooley stakes out Benny the Mule in an attempt to charge Lyman. When their cover is blown, Jerry Lee saves Dooley from a beating; with the dog's help, Dooley subdues Benny and learns the location of Lyman's next shipment. Meanwhile, Lyman kills Freddie and demands that their henchman Dillon kill Dooley before the shipment arrives.
At Dooley's apartment, Jerry Lee steals the spotlight after Tracy accepts Dooley's story that they rescued the dog from the streets. The next day, Dooley and Jerry Lee bond when they eat together and spy on Lyman. The two are nearly killed when someone shoots at them, and the two chase the assailant to an empty building. Jerry Lee leads Dooley to the man, who falls to their death after a fistfight with Dooley. In the man's car, Dooley finds a clue that leads them to an auto-dealer shop. There, Jerry Lee identifies a red Mercedes owned by Lyman, and Dooley learns from Halstead, the owner of the dealership, that they work for Lyman. Later, Jerry Lee falls in love with a poodle to the disapproval of its owner.
When Dooley returns home, they discover Lyman has kidnapped Tracy. Infuriated, Dooley crashes a party at Lyman's mansion and demands their return. Lyman pretends to know nothing, and Dooley is arrested by an officer from their own department and put in a squad car. Angry, Dooley's lieutenant calls them crazy. When Jerry Lee's flatulence annoys the other officers, Dooley uses it to their advantage and escapes with the dog. As Dooley tells Jerry Lee how they met Tracy, they spot a truck driven by Halstead that is pulling a trailer with Lyman's Mercedes. Dooley purses the truck, and Halstead blows a tire. After Halstead shoots at Dooley, Jerry Lee stopped Halstead and arrested.
Meanwhile, in a stranded desert in San Diego, Lyman holds Tracy hostage in their limo and becomes suspicious when Halstead is late. Dooley arrives with the truck and trailer, which is revealed to be the next shipment of drugs. Not worrying about the case anymore, Dooley orders Lyman to surrender their girlfriend to him, or they will blow up the truck. Lyman calls Dooley's bluff, and a shootout ensues. Dooley kills Lyman's henchmen Dillon and Jerry Lee chases Lyman as they run for their helicopter. Unable to outrun the dog, Lyman shoots Jerry Lee; enraged, Dooley shoots at Lyman but misses. Lyman is, instead, shot and killed by their associates who were waiting in the helicopter. Dooley and Tracy rush Jerry Lee to a hospital, where the reluctant surgeon operates. In the recovery room, Dooley delivers a eulogy to Jerry Lee, not knowing that they are alive. When the surgeon tells them they are going to be fine, Dooley responds in anger, thinking they were speaking to a dead dog. Jerry Lee licks Dooley's face out of love, making them give in.
To take a break from police work, Dooley, Tracy, Jerry Lee, and a poodle spend a vacation together in Las Vegas.
Cast
Jim Belushi as Detective Michael Dooley
Mel Harris as Tracy
Kevin Tighe as Lyman
Ed O'Neill as K-9 Sergeant Brannigan
James Handy as Lieutenant Byers
Sherman Howard as Dillon
Daniel Davis as Halstead
Cotter Smith as Gilliam
John Snyder as Freddie
Pruitt Taylor Vince as Benny 'The Mule'
Marjorie Bransfield as Car Dealership Reciptionist
William Sadler as Don, Car Salesman
The role of "Jerry Lee", though credited in the movie credits as being played by Jerry Lee, was actually played by more than one dog, including backups and stand-ins.
Production
Filming
K-9 was filmed in and around the San Diego and San Fernando Valley areas of California from August to October 1988. Locations included the Hotel del Coronado in Coronado, and the Golden Hills Cafe in the Golden Hills neighborhood.
Music
Soundtrack
"Main Title (Theme from Jaws)"
Music composed by John Williams / Courtesy of MCA Records
"Iko Iko"
Written by Barbara Ann Hawkins (as Hawkins), Joe Jones (as Jones), Rosa Lee Hawkins (as Hawkins),
Marilyn Jones (as Johnson), Sharon Jones (as Jones) and Jessie Thomas (as Thomas) of The Dixie Cups / Performed by Amy Holland
"I Got You (I Feel Good)"
Written by James Brown / Performed by James Brown / Courtesy of PolyGram Special Products, a division of
PolyGram Records, Inc.
"Oh Yeah"
Written by Boris Blank and Dieter Meier / Performed by Yello / Courtesy of PolyGram Special Products, a division of
PolyGram Records, Inc.
"Car Wash"
Written by Norman Whitfield / Performed by Rose Royce / Courtesy of MCA Records
Release
Home media
K-9 was released to home video in early 1990, followed by a DVD release 16 years later, on October 24, 2006. It was re-released along with its sequels in a collection as "K-9: The Patrol Pack" on January 17, 2010.
It was initially released on Blu-ray disc in the U.K. in 2017 by Fabulous Films and then in the United States on May 15, 2018.
Reception
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, which aggregates both contemporary and modern reviews, the film has an approval rating of 22% based on 9 reviews, with an average rating of 4.1/10. On Metacritic it has a score of 44% based on reviews from 11 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film a grade A− on scale of A to F.
Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times praised the actors but not the routine plot. Thomas wrote, "It's enjoyable, thanks not only to its charismatic duo, but also to the skilled comedy direction of Rod Daniel." Stephen Holden of The New York Times stated it has "no shred of credibility", yet contains "cutesy, surefire dog tricks" and a "breezy pacing". Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film "2 stars". Rita Kempley of The Washington Post complimented Jerry Lee's performance.
Sequels and spin-off
K-911 is a 1999 American buddy cop action-comedy sequel film released direct-to-video. It was directed by Charles T. Kanganis and stars James Belushi as Detective Michael Dooley.
K-9: P.I. is a 2002 American buddy cop action-comedy sequel film released direct-to-video. It was directed by Richard J. Lewis and stars James Belushi as Detective Michael Dooley.
K-9000 is a 1991 American science fiction crime action spin-off film released as television film. It was directed by Kim Manners and stars Chris Mulkey as Detective Eddie Monroe.
References
External links
1989 films
1980s action comedy films
American buddy cop films
American action comedy films
Fictional portrayals of the San Diego Police Department
Films about dogs
Films set in San Diego
Films shot in San Diego
American police detective films
1980s police comedy films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Rod Daniel
1980s buddy cop films
1989 comedy films
Films scored by Miles Goodman
Police dogs in fiction
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Ladislav "Laco" Takács (born 15 July 1996) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Czech First League club FC Baník Ostrava.
Career
They made their league debut on 10 March 2014 in Teplice's 1–0 Czech First League home win against Slavia Prague. They moved to Mladá Boleslav in 2016.
Career statistics
References
External links
Ladislav Takács Official Czech First League statistics
Ladislav Takács official international statistics
Ladislav Takács profile on the FK Mladá Boleslav official website
1996 births
Living people
People from Františkovy Lázně
Czech people of Hungarian descent
Czech footballers
Czech Republic youth international footballers
Czech Republic under-21 international footballers
Czech First League players
Association football defenders
FK Teplice players
FK Mladá Boleslav players
SK Slavia Prague players
FK Baník Sokolov players
FC Baník Ostrava players
Sportspeople from the Karlovy Vary Region
Czech National Football League players
Renwu District or Jenwu District () is a suburban district of Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Renwu was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Renwu was upgraded to a district of the city.
Geography
It has 94,313 inhabitants as of June 2022 and an area of 36.0808 km2.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Dawan, Wannei, Kaotan, Wulin, Renfu, Renwu, Wenwu, Zhuhou, Bagua, Gaonan, Houan, Zhonghua, Wuhe, Renhe, Chishan and Renci Village.
Infrastructures
Renwu Refuse Incineration Plant
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1959 season.
Overview
It was contested by 10 teams, and RER won the championship.
League standings
Playoff tournament
Championship match
RER 3-2 Sarkanais Metalurgs
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Archaeological Museum Banbhore or Banbhore Museum is an archaeological museum located in Banbhore, Sindh, Pakistan. The museum was established by the Department of Archaeology and Museums, Government of Pakistan on 21 August 1960. The museum was inaugurated on 14 May 1967. In May 2010, the site of Banbhore along with the museum was transferred to the Culture Department of Government of Sindh.
History
The site of Banbhore hide the large numbers of remains of a settlement.
Banbhore is an ancient archaeological site, and the city is more than 2100 years old city. It is located from Karachi in Hyderabad District. It was the capital of chief Bamboo Raja around the 10th century and was named after him. In most historical books, and some historians, scholars and archaeologist Banbhore is named and recognized as Debal. This city is also known landmark of Islam because Islam entered into the subcontinent from the city Banbhore. Preliminary excavation was started by Majumdar in 1928 and in 1951 by Alcock.
See also
List of museums in Pakistan
References
External links
1960 establishments in Pakistan
Art museums and galleries in Pakistan
History museums in Pakistan
Museums established in 1960
Museums in Sindh
Tourist attractions in Sindh
Thatta District
The Yunnan nuthatch (Sitta yunnanensis) is a bird species in the nuthatch family Sittidae. It was first described by William Robert Ogilvie-Grant in 1900 based on a male holotype. It is a small nuthatch, measuring in length on average and weighs between . The grey-blue upperparts contrast with the light, smooth, buffy lowerparts. It has a fine white eyebrow above a black eyestripe, which is distinct when the plumage is fresh, and exhibits a small degree of sexual dimorphism. A noisy bird, it produces simple, nasal sounds, sometimes in repetitive series.
Its ecology is not well-known, but it feeds on insects that it finds on pine branches. It can be found in the prefectures of Yunnan, Sichuan, and Guizhou in Southwest China, where it prefers sparsely forested pine forests and avoids dense spruce and fir forests. It is listed as a near-threatened species on the IUCN Red List and it is generally rare but can be locally common. It has a small range of . A 2009 study predicted that its population could decrease by 43.6–47.7% between 2040 and 2069.
Taxonomy
The Yunnan nuthatch was first described as Sitta yunnanensis by Scottish ornithologist William Robert Ogilvie-Grant in 1900 based on a male holotype brought from southern Yunnan by Captain Alfred Wingate. It was placed in the subgenus Micrositta by Buturlin in 1916. There are no subspecies.
The canadensis group, which is also sometimes called the subgenus Micrositta, contains six species – the Yunnan nuthatch, the red-breasted nuthatch (S. canadensis), the Chinese nuthatch (S. villosa), the Corsican nuthatch (S. whiteheadi), Krüper's nuthatch (S. krueperi) and the Algerian nuthatch (S. ledanti). In 1953, the Dutch ornithologists Karel Voous and John G. van Marle thought that the Yunnan nuthatch formed a link between the canadensis and europaea groups, and simultaneously that it was very closely related to the canadensis group, of which it was a basal representative in terms of distribution and plumage. In 1957, Charles Vaurie postulated that the white-tailed nuthatch was the Yunnan nuthatch's closest relative. In 1998, Eric Pasquet studied the mitochondrial DNA about ten species of nuthatch, including the different species in the canadensis group, but the Yunnan nuthatch was not included in the study. In 2014, Éric Pasquet and colleagues published a nuclear and mitochondrial DNA-based phylogeny of 21 species of nuthatch and confirmed the 1998 study relationships within the canadensis group, adding the Yunnan nuthatch, which is found to be the most basal species of the group.
Description
The of the Yunnan nuthatch are blue-grey, including the calotte, despite being separated from the upper mantle by a paler area. It has a thin white eyebrow, which extends to the forehead and surmounts a black eyestripe, which widens noticeably on the back, on the sides of the mantle. The eye has a fine white circle around it, and it has a white cheek and throat. They are plain and pale, pinkish buff. The beak is thin and pointed and the almost straight culmen can give the impression that the tip of the beak is coming up. Its irises are dark brown, the bill gray-black with the base of the lower mandible horny or yellowish, and the legs and feet are gray-brown. The Yunnan nuthatch is a small nuthatch, measuring around in length on average, and its wing chord is on male specimens and on female specimens. On males, the tale measures and on females, it measures between .
The species exhibits little sexual dimorphism, but the black of the female's eyestripe is on average less intense and its underparts are duller and grayer. The plumage is fresh from August, and gradually wears down until the following spring. In worn plumage, the whitish tips of the eyebrow feathers are worn away, and the eyebrow line becomes discontinuous or inconspicuous. The upperparts are duller, less blue. The tail and wing feathers also wear out, but the blue-gray tips of the rectrices persist at least until May. The underparts become duller and dirtier, turning grayish-white. The young is duller than the adult, with the eyebrow less marked and not extending to the forehead, sometimes almost absent and consisting of a lighter cap margin. The eye line is also less wide, the cheek is dirty gray and not white. The throat is whiter, but the rest of the underparts are duller, grayish cinnamon, though not as pale as in a worn plumaged adult. The upperparts are duller and grayer. The bill of fledged young is shorter and has a pale base. Adults undergo a complete moult from July to September, and perhaps sometimes a partial moult before the breeding season in January and February, which includes the breast.
The giant nuthatch can occur in the same type of habitat as the Yunnan nuthatch, but is much larger in size and lacks a white eyebrow. The chestnut-vented nuthatch is closer in size to the Yunnan nuthatch, but has reddish flanks and no white eyebrows.
Ecology and behaviour
Vocalizations
The Yunnan nuthatch is a fairly noisy bird, and typically makes many individual sounds: nit, , tit, pit, or a low and nasal . Its call, nit, is repeated in sets lasting four to ten seconds of five to six repetitions per second, producing a , , , or a nasal sound. It also produces a harsh or call, a trait shared by other small nuthatches. It sometimes produces a call in calm sets of three notes per second, and can also emit nasal calls , , or .
Food and breeding
The diet of the Yunnan nuthatch is not well-known, but it is known to consume insects it catches on pine branches. There is a lack of information about its reproduction, but a female was collected on 9 March that was close to laying, while recently born Yunnan nuthatches were collected on 21 May.
Distribution and habitat
The Yunnan nuthatch is endemic to Southwest China, and mainly occurs in the prefectures of Yunnan, Sichuan, and Guizhou. A study published in 2003 identified the species being endemic to China, and identified the Hengduan Mountains as the main area of endemism.
The Yunnan nuthatch is a sedentary species. It inhabits pine forests with sparse undergrowth, and avoids dense spruce and fir forests. Occasionally, it occurs on small pine trees high, in open forests or among scattered groups of trees. In the summer, it lives at altitudes between above sea level (ASL), and travels down into valleys during winter to heights up to . However, it has been observed at between between November and January in Shuangbai County.
Threats and protection
In 1987, Chinese ornithologist Zheng Zuoxin described the Yunnan nuthatch as rare, but it is locally common in areas such as Lijiang's pine forests. It has a small range of around , and the bird disappeared from several locations in the early twentieth century. It is threatened by habitat destruction and is dependent on old pine forests, but also appears to live in degraded habitats. A 2009 study attempted to predict the impact of climate change on nuthatches in Asia, and shows the Yunnan nuthatch's distribution decreasing by between 43.6% and 47.7% by 2040–2069. The species has been listed as near-threatened species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
References
Yunnan nuthatch
Birds of Yunnan
Endemic birds of China
Taxa named by William Robert Ogilvie-Grant
Yunnan nuthatch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2016 Australian Formula Ford Series is an Australian motor racing series open to Formula Ford and Formula Ford 1600.
The first four rounds were sanctioned by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport (CAMS), whereas the latter two rounds were sanctioned by the Australian Auto Sport Alliance (AASA).
Team and drivers
Race calendar
The series is being contested over six rounds with three races at each round. All races were held in Australia.
Series standings
Australian Formula Ford 1600 Series
NOTE: Because of age restrictions, Will Brown, who finished second, claimed the Andersen Promotions Road to Indy Shootout prize.
References
Formula Ford
Australian Formula Ford Series
Irene Schori (born 4 December 1983) is a Swiss curler from Bremgarten. They currently play third on Team Michèle Jäggi.
Career
Schori was named to the Swiss Olympic Team in 2010. They served as the alternate for Mirjam Ott's team in Vancouver. They just missed winning a medal, finishing fourth.
Schori has participated in both the 2008 and the 2009 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championships with partner Toni Müller, and has taken gold at both of these championships. Schori and Müller were the heavy favorites to win in the 2010 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship, but were eliminated by the China in an extra end in the quarterfinals. In an interview post-match, Schori stated that they and Müller would consider not attending next year to give a chance to other Swiss teams.
Schori played with Silvana Tirinzoni from 2009–2012 before joining the Binia Feltscher rink. They won their first World Curling Tour event with the Tirinzoni rink in 2011 at the Red Deer Curling Classic. They won the 2013 Glynhill Ladies International and the 2014 Karuizawa International with the Feltscher rink.
The 2013–14 season was a breakthrough year for Schori and teammates Binia Feltscher, Franziska Kaufmann and Christine Urech. At the start of the season, the won the 2013 Red Deer Curling Classic and made the playoffs of the Stockholm Ladies Cup and the Women's Masters Basel. They also won the right to represent Switzerland at the 2014 World Women's Curling Championship in Saint John, New Brunswick, Schori's first World Championship. They had a great round robin, finishing in second with a 9–2 record, only losing to South Korea and Russia. This sent them to the 1 vs 2 game against Canada's Rachel Homan which they would lose 8–3. They quickly rebounded in the semifinal against Korea's Kim Ji-sun setting up a rematch against Homan. After a slow first half, the Swiss team would score three points in the eighth end and steal three in the ninth, giving them a 9–5 lead going into the final end. They successfully ran the Canadians out of stones to secure Switzerland's fourth World Championship title.
The following season, Team Feltscher won the 2014 European Curling Championships by defeating Anna Sidorova in the final. They also played in three Grand Slam of Curling events, qualifying at both the 2014 Masters and the 2014 Canadian Open. They did not get to defend their title as World Champions, finishing 4–6 at the 2015 Swiss Women's Curling Championship. The 2015–16 season started slow for the Swiss rink, only qualifying in three events at the start including winning the 2015 International ZO Women's Tournament. Things changed however when they won the Swiss championship and were back at the World Championships. They finished the round robin of the 2016 World Women's Curling Championship once again with a 9–2 but this time in first place, giving them hammer and choice of stones in the 1 vs 2 game. They defeated Japan's Satsuki Fujisawa to advance to the final where they would once again play the Japanese rink. Up 7–6 in the last end, they forced Fujisawa to draw for one to tie the game but they were to heavy, giving Schori and their team their second World Women's Curling Championship gold medal and title. The team ended their season by winning the 2016 Euronics European Masters.
Team Feltscher won the right to represent Switzerland at the 2016 European Curling Championships but they did not qualify. They made the semifinal of the 2016 WFG Masters and finished second at the Swiss championship. The next season, they were able to win the Swiss playdowns, sending Schori to yet another World Women's Curling Championship. They couldn't win three in a row as the team struggled throughout the week, posting a 5–7 record. At the conclusion of the 2017–18 season, Schori left the team and formed their own team with third Lara Stocker, second Roxane Héritier and lead Isabelle Maillard.
The team's first season together wasn't very successful, only making the playoffs in three events. The team won the Gord Carroll Curling Classic the next season and finished runner-up at the Paf Masters Tour. They missed the playoffs at the 2020 Swiss Women's Curling Championship, finishing 2–4. After the season, Héritier and Maillard left the team and Schori and Stocker brought on Carole Howald and Stefanie Berset at third and lead respectively for the 2020–21 season. The team competed in two tour events during the abbreviated season, finishing third at the 2020 Schweizer Cup and reaching the quarterfinals of the 2020 Women's Masters Basel. Team Schori was one of four teams to compete in the 2021 Swiss Women's Curling Championship, where they finished in last place with a 2–7 record after the triple round robin.
To begin the 2021–22 season, Team Schori was invited to compete alongside the men's teams at the 2021 Baden Masters. There, they finished with a 1–3 record, only beating Magnus Nedregotten of Norway. Elsewhere on tour, they won the Part II Bistro Ladies Classic over Cathy Auld and made it to two other event finals. They lost to Eve Muirhead in the final of The Challenger and to Nora Wüest in the St. Galler Elite Challenge final. They also had playoff appearances at the 2021 Women's Masters Basel, Stu Sells Toronto Tankard and the DeKalb Superspiel. Team Schori competed in one Grand Slam event, the 2021 National, where they finished with a winless 0–3 record. The team finished their season with a 2–3 record at the 2022 Swiss Women's Curling Championship, not advancing to the second round. Third Carole Howald left the team following the season. Schori, Stefanie Berset and Lara Stocker then added Michèle Jäggi and Sarah Müller to their team for the 2022–23 season. Jäggi took over the team at skip with Schori playing third, Berset at second, Müller at lead and Stocker as the alternate.
Personal life
Schori is employed as forensics civil agent.
Teams
Grand Slam record
Former events
References
External links
Swiss female curlers
Olympic curlers of Switzerland
Curlers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Living people
1983 births
Sportspeople from Zürich
World curling champions
World mixed doubles curling champions
People from Affoltern District
Continental Cup of Curling participants
European curling champions
People from Bremgarten, Aargau
Longiflagrum amphibium is an estuarine species of crustacean in the order Tanaidacea. It is known only from the type locality, which is the intertidal zone at Port Hedland, Northwestern Australia.
Description
Longiflagrum amphibium can be distinguished from the other four species of the genus Longiflagrum by having the shortest flagellum in the antennule and by its oval pleopod basis. The specific name is from the Latin for "amphibious". The name reflects the species' presence in the intertidal zone.
Ecology
All five Longiflagrum species occur in shallow coastal habitats such as the intertidal zone, eelgrass beds and estuaries where the salinity fluctuates over the range 5–34 psu, and they are a frequent and abundant element of the soft-bottom ecosystem.
References
External links
Tanaidacea
Crustaceans of Australia
Crustaceans described in 2009
Vorsinka () is a rural locality (a village) in Staromatinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 14 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Vorsinka is located 23 km northeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Krasnaya Gorka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Talking Tom & Friends is a computer-animated children's web series by Outfit7 Limited, based on the media franchise of the same name. The first three seasons of the show were produced by the Austrian animation-studio ARX Anima. Starting from season 4, the show has been produced by the Spanish animation studio People Moving Pixels. It was released on YouTube on 30 April 2015. The show has also aired on Boomerang UK since 5 September 2016, with its second season streaming on Netflix in the United States since 2017, and the fifth season currently airing on Pop.
Series overview
Episodes
Pilot (2014)
Season 1 (2015–16)
Season 2 (2017–18)
Season 3 (2018)
Season 4 (2019–20)
Season 5 (2020-21)
Minisodes (2015–16)
References
Talking Tom and Friends
Talking Tom & Friends
Khuduts (; Dargwa: ХудуцI) is a rural locality (a selo) in Ashtynsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 425 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Khuduts is located 47 km southwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Ulluchay River. Ashty and Kunki are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
The state of Kentucky elected an Attorney General on Tuesday, November 8, 2011. Primaries for this election was held on Tuesday, May 17, 2011. In the general election, incumbent Jack Conway defeated their challenger, Todd P'Pool.
Background
Current Attorney General Jack Conway, of Louisville, a Democrat, is running for a second term. There was speculation that Conway would not seek a second term; they had won the Democratic nomination for U.S. Senate in the 2010 election (defeating Lieutenant Governor Daniel Mongiardo in the primary) but went on to be defeated by Republican Rand Paul in the general election.
Several Democrats expressed interest in running if Conway decided to opt against a bid, including State Representative John C. Tilley of Hopkinsville, Louisville lawyer and former state Democratic Party Chairman Jennifer Moore, and state Senator Ray S. Jones. However, Conway announced on January 21, 2011 that they would run for a second term and did not face an opponent in the primary.
On January 3, Hopkins County Attorney Todd P'Pool, of Madisonville announced their candidacy and stated that they would contribute $250,000 of their own money to help finance their run. They stated that if elected, they would fight the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency from imposing regulations on the coal industry and would have Kentucky join a lawsuit brought by a number of state attorneys general seeking to strike down the new health care reform law.
Secretary of State of Kentucky Trey Grayson (who lost the 2010 Republican nomination for U.S. Senate to Rand Paul) was thought to have considered entering the race for the Republican nomination, but they announced on November 24, 2010 that they would not seek election to any office in 2011.
Rob Sanders of Fort Mitchell, the Commonwealth's Attorney from Kenton County, announced on December 14 that they would not run for Attorney General and would instead seek re-election in 2012 to a second term as Commonwealth's Attorney. Republican Party of Kentucky Chairman Steve Robertson had urged Sanders to run, but noted the interest of Hopkins County Attorney Todd P'Pool, of Madisonville, and Jessamine County Attorney Brian Goettl. P'Pool filed paperwork to run the next day.
On January 13, 2011, former Kentucky Supreme Court Chief Justice Joseph E. Lambert, of Mount Vernon announced they were dropping their plans to seek the Republican nomination for attorney general because current chief justice John D. Minton, Jr. declined to grant them a leave of absence from the senior judge program.
Shortly afterward, Brian Goettl announced on the Jack Pattie radio show on AM 590-WVLK in Lexington that they also would not seek the Republican nomination for attorney general, leaving P'Pool the only Republican candidate in that race.
Candidates
Republicans
Todd P'Pool, Hopkins County Attorney
Democrats
Jack Conway - incumbent Attorney General
General election
Polling
Result
See also
United States elections, 2011
References
External links
Jack Conway official campaign website
Todd P'Pool official campaign website
Attorney General
Kentucky
Kentucky Attorney General elections
The Mishmi wren-babbler (Spelaeornis badeigularis) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae.
It is endemic to Northeast India.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss. The species was first described based on a bird collected in 1947 but was not seen again until 2004, when a field trip discovered it to be moderately common in a restricted area of Mishmi Hills in Arunachal Pradesh.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Mishmi wren-babbler
Birds of Northeast India
Mishmi wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nicholas Clayton may refer to:
Nicholas J. Clayton (1840–1916), architect
Nicholas Clayton (cricketer) (1826–1867), Australian cricketer
Nicholas Clayton (divine) (1733–1797), English Presbyterian minister
(born April 11, 1974 in Ostrov) is a triathlete from the Czech Republic.
Krňávek competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took thirteenth place with a total time of 1:49:38.01.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Krňávek competed again. They dropped to forty-second place with a time of 2:02:54.59.
Czech male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of the Czech Republic
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
1974 births
Living people
People from Ostrov (Karlovy Vary District)
Sportspeople from the Karlovy Vary Region
Giuseppe Lörks (born in 1876 in Hanselaer) was a German clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wewak. They were appointed bishop in 1928. They died in 1945.
References
1876 births
1945 deaths
German Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Wewak
Live at the Fillmore East 10/3/70 is an album by Johnny Winter And, a blues rock band led by guitarist and singer Johnny Winter. As the name suggests, the album was recorded live at the Fillmore East in New York City on October 3, 1970. It was released by Collectors' Choice Music on April 20, 2010.
Johnny Winter And featured two lead guitarists — Winter, and Rick Derringer — along with Randy Jo Hobbs on bass and Bobby Caldwell on drums. Another album from the same concert tour is Live Johnny Winter And, which came out in 1971. The band also released an eponymous studio album, recorded several months earlier with a different drummer — Rick Derringer's brother Randy Zehringer.
Critical reception
On AllMusic, Thom Jurek said, "This is the Johnny Winter And group simply tearing it up on a selection of originals and covers. The sound quality is phenomenal and the energy on this gig not only rivals that of [Live Johnny Winter And], it leaves it in the dust.... The improvisation and guitar challenges are voluminous, wildly energetic, and creative.... This set blows the stuff in Winter's own officially released bootleg series away, and becomes their definitive live recording, hands down."
In PopMatters, David Maine wrote, "The Johnny Winter set, recorded at the Fillmore East in 1970 with sideman Rick Derringer, is a fiery blend of guitar-stomp blues and blues rock originals. The sound quality is excellent overall, especially for trebleheads. Bass and percussion tones are a little thin, but the vocals and guitars ring through loud and clear.... Winter and Derringer's back-and-forth guitar assault is worth the price all by itself, and, with a frenetic version of Winter's "Mean Town Blues" checking in at 18 minutes, the set does not want for extended workouts."
On Blogcritics, Glen Boyd said, "The chemistry between guitarists Winter and Derringer is undeniable, and a good argument could be made based on this recording that Winter never again found a foil quite like Derringer — at least within the context of a blues rock band. But speaking of the blues, this is still the area where Winter themselves most shines as a guitarist. Nowhere is this more evident than on the 22-minute "It's My Own Fault". Listening to this track today, in retrospect, it's clear that the blues was where Winter's true musical heart [lay] even way back then."
Track listing
"Guess I'll Go Away" (Johnny Winter) – 4:39
"Good Morning Little School Girl" (Don Level, Bob Love) – 3:37
"Rock and Roll Hoochie Koo" (Rick Derringer) – 4:47
"It's My Own Fault" (Riley King, Jules Taub) – 22:24
"Highway 61 Revisited" (Bob Dylan) – 7:31
"Mean Town Blues" (Winter) – 18:07
"Rollin' and Tumblin'" (McKinley Morganfield) – 4:31
Personnel
Johnny Winter And
Johnny Winter – guitar, vocals
Rick Derringer – guitar, vocals
Randy Jo Hobbs – bass, vocals
Bobby Caldwell – drums
Production
Producer, engineer, tape research: Bob Irwin
Executive producer: Gordon Anderson
Liner notes: Richie Unterberger
References
Johnny Winter albums
2010 live albums
Collectors' Choice Music albums
Live blues rock albums
The militante gruppe (mg) was a far-left militant organisation in Germany, that came to attention from 2001. It defined itself as "anti-imperialist" and communist. It was accused of carrying out arson attacks in Berlin, Brandenburg and Saxony-Anhalt. The group was reported to be dissolved in July 2009.
References
2001 establishments in Germany
Organizations established in 2001
Communist organizations in Europe
Speirops are a group of birds in the white-eye family Zosteropidae. They are restricted to the islands of the Gulf of Guinea and a single mountain in Cameroon.
It contains the following species:
Fernando Po speirops (Zosterops brunneus)
Príncipe speirops (Zosterops leucophoeus)
Black-capped speirops (Zosterops lugubris)
Mount Cameroon speirops (Zosterops melanocephalus)
References
Zosterops
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
pl:Speirops
Antti Nykänen (born 14 October 1983 in Kellokoski, Finland) is a Finnish professional basketball player.
Nykänen currently plays for the Plymouth Raiders in the British Basketball League; the 6 ft 6 in (1.98 m) forward is now in their second season with the first team. Although having spent much of their time in Raiders' development teams, they have yet to break into the starting five.
From 2001 to 2002 Nykänen studied at Sierra High School in Tollhouse, California. Since 2005, besides playing, they have studied Sports' Management at the University of Plymouth.
References
1983 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Plymouth
British Basketball League players
Finnish men's basketball players
Finnish expatriate basketball people in the United States
Plymouth Raiders players
Sportspeople from Uusimaa
William Frederick Weston Hinton (25 December 1895 – 1976) was an English professional footballer who played for Swindon Town, Bolton Wanderers, Tottenham Hotspur.
Football career
Hinton joined their local club Swindon Town but didn't make a first team appearance. In 1920 the goalkeeper joined Bolton Wanderers where they played in 34 matches between 1920–23. Hinton signed for Tottenham Hotspur in 1924 where they featured in 64 matches in all competitions for the Lilywhites. After leaving White Hart Lane they returned to Swindon Town in 1928 where they ended their playing career.
References
1895 births
1976 deaths
Sportspeople from Swindon
English footballers
English Football League players
Association football goalkeepers
Swindon Town F.C. players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
San Paolo alle Tre Fontane (Italian), in English "St Paul at the Three Fountains" is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to St Paul the Apostle, at the presumed site of their martyrdom in Rome. In Latin it is known as Sancti Pauli ad Aquas Salvias ("St Paul at Aquae Salviae"). The church located on the grounds of the Tre Fontane Abbey located on Via di Acque Salvie 1 in the Quartiere Ardeatino (Q. XX.).
Since 2010 the church is a cardinalatial diaconia, with Mauro Piacenza as its cardinal deacon.
History
Legend relates that when St Paul was decapitated, their head bounced three times and fountains miraculously sprang up at each place where it touched the ground. However, the springs, called the Aquae Salviae, as in the Latin name for the church, were known in pre-Christian times, and excavations have revealed ancient mosaic pavements.
The first church here was built in the 5th century. It was rebuilt in 1599 by Giacomo della Porta under the patronage of Cardinal Pietro Aldobrandini. The church belongs to the Trappist Tre Fontane Abbey, and is one of three churches on the grounds, along with Santa Maria Scala Coeli and Santi Vincenzo e Anastasio.
There are three symbolic monumental covers to the fountains said to have sprung up at St Paul's death. The fountains were sealed in 1950 because pollution made it dangerous to drink the water.
A column in the church is said to be the one to which St Paul was bound when they were beheaded, but this seems to be a late story and it is probably just a column from Roman ruins nearby. An original Crucifixion canvas by Guido Reni was previously found in the church, it is now located in the Vatican, and replaced by a copy. A chapel on the right has a Decapitation of St Paul by Bartolomeo Passerotti. The church contains polychrome marble including some porphyry columns. The statues on the facade were made by Niccolo Cordieri.
Remains of a late Roman mosaic floor are preserved in the nave. It was donated to the church by Pope Pius IX and is said to have been brought here from Ostia, Rome's port in the imperial period.
The 2010 appointment of Cardinal Mauro Piacenza as Cardinal-Deacon of this ancient church marks its first use as a cardinalatial diaconia.
Cardinal Piacenza is said to have made the request for this to be their titular church because they have a long association with and strong devotion to Our Lady of Revelation – a shrine and pilgrimage site across the road from the Tre Fontane Church.
References
External links
Italian site with photographs
Paolo Tre Fontane
Paolo Tre Fontane
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1599
Paolo Tre Fontane
Rome Q. XX Ardeatino
1599 establishments in Italy
ta:மூன்று ஊற்று புனித பவுல் கோவில்
Mark Woodhouse nicknamed Woody (born 10 August 1982 in England) is a British professional basketball player, and currently plays for Amber Valley Spartans in the Sherwood Basketball League.
The 6 ft 9 in Small Forward/Centre attended North Carolina A&T, and started their playing career with Avernas-Hannut (Belgium) in 2005.
Woodhouse was soon transferred to Icelandic team Thor AK for remainder of the 2005/06 season.
In the summer of 2006 they signed for the Plymouth Raiders in the British Basketball League.
After attending the TBCA try-out camp in Andorra in June 2007 they were signed by Llave Azul Eliocroca, based in the city of Lorca near Alicante.
In 2009, Woodhouse returned to England to sign for second-tier league side Derby Trailblazers. They missed the 2010 season with a knee injury.
References
1982 births
Living people
British Basketball League players
English men's basketball players
Plymouth Raiders players
United Nations Security Council resolution 1432, adopted unanimously on 15 August 2002, after reaffirming resolutions 1127 (1997) and 1412 (2002), the Council extended the suspension of travel restrictions against UNITA officials in Angola for a further 90 days.
The Security Council again welcomed the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding between UNITA and the Angolan government on 4 April 2002 relating to the Lusaka Protocol. Furthermore, the efforts of the Angolan government to promote peaceful and secure conditions and national reconciliation and the efforts of UNITA to become active in the political process in the country were welcomed. The implementation of the Accordos de Paz, Lusaka Protocol and relevant Security Council resolutions was stressed, while the disbanding of UNITA's military wing was commended.
Recognising the need for UNITA officials to travel in order to advance the peace process and national reconciliation and acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council suspended the travel ban against UNITA officials for 90 days. The suspension would be reviewed at the end of the 90-day period based on available information concerning the implementation of the peace accords. Other restrictions against UNITA remained in place.
On the same day, the Council adopted Resolution 1433 which established the United Nations Mission in Angola.
See also
Angolan Civil War
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1401 to 1500 (2002–2003)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
1432
2002 in Angola
1432
August 2002 events
Then Came Bronson is an American adventure/drama television series starring Michael Parks that aired on NBC. It was created by Denne Bart Petitclerc, and produced by MGM Television. Then Came Bronson began with a television film pilot that aired on NBC on March 24, 1969; the pilot was also released in Europe as a theatrical feature film. This was followed by a single season of 26 episodes airing between September 17, 1969, and April 1, 1970.
Overview
The series features Parks as the protagonist, James "Jim" Bronson, a newspaperman who becomes disillusioned after the suicide of their best friend Nick (Martin Sheen), and with "working for The Man" after a heated argument with their editor.
In order to renew their soul, Bronson becomes a vagabond searching for the meaning of life and seeking experiences that life has to offer (as revealed in the series pilot). During their travels, they share their values with the people they meet along the way and to whom they lend a helping hand when possible. Bronson rides a Harley-Davidson Sportster motorcycle and, as such, they were viewed by some as a modern version of the solitary cowboy wandering the American west. The motorcycle had previously been sold to Nick by Bronson. After it is left at the scene of the suicide by their friend, Bronson buys it back from the widow.
Though the opening promises a journey of self-discovery, the premise of each episode is that Bronson enters someone else's life at a crucial point and acts as a catalyst for change. When Bronson encounters an Amish community, for example, a local boy becomes enraptured by the outside world and steals Bronson's motorcycle to run off to Reno, Nevada. In another episode, located in Reno, Nevada, Bronson meets their cousin Eve on their wedding day and lends their money for the wedding service, but they run off to the casinos and gambles it away.
The first three episodes, including the end credits scenes, were shot in and around Jackson, Wyoming. The pilot film was also shown at the town's (then) only theater to give the locals a sense of what the series was going to be about, since they were shooting in town and at popular local area locations.
Bronson is committed to pacifism and often redirects an antagonist's anger into self-examination. Always, like a true catalyst, Bronson rolls out of every episode unchanged.
The show had obvious similarities to the early 1960s series Route 66; Michael Parks guest-starred in one episode of that series. It was also sometimes erroneously described as a knock-off of Easy Rider.
Series opening
The opening of the show served as a metaphor for the premise of the show: getting away from the "big city" and leading a simpler life. The opening begins with Bronson riding up to a red light in San Francisco and they briefly chat with a commuter. The scene also introduces Bronson's signature-phrase, which they often used in the episodes, "Hang in there".
Driver: "Taking a trip?"
Bronson: "What's that?"
Driver: "Taking a trip?"
Bronson: "Yeah."
Driver: "Where to?"
Bronson: "Oh, I don't know. Wherever I end up, I guess."
Driver: "Man, I wish I was you."
Bronson: "Really?"
Driver: "Yeah."
Bronson: "Well, hang in there."
From here they head out to California's State Route 1 and then crosses over the Bixby Creek Bridge.
Cast
Michael Parks, who starred as James Bronson, had acted on television and starred in three anti-establishment films, Wild Seed, The Happening, and Bus Riley's Back in Town. They went on to have a steady career in drive-in horror movies and TV shows. Also a talented singer, Parks recorded three pop/jazz albums: Long Lonesome Highway, Closing the Gap, Blue, and several gospel albums. Long Lonesome Highway and Closing the Gap were connected with particular strength to Then Came Bronson. Parks performed the former's title selection over the closing credits of each episode, and it and the latter both featured other music from the series. (See below.)
Guest stars
Actors James Doohan ("Scotty") and Meg Wyllie, who appeared in guest roles, had previously worked on the original Star Trek series.
Production
The series was filmed and broadcast in color.
The motorcycle
Bronson's motorcycle, a 1969 XLH 900cc Harley-Davidson Sportster, figures in many episodes. In one episode they enter several motorcycle races; in another, they make an emergency run to fetch a doctor, but in some stories, the motorcycle serves merely as their transportation.
The fuel tank is illustrated with the Eye of Providence.
Crew
Several of Bronsons production staff and cast members had previously worked on the original Star Trek series, including executive producer Herbert F. Solow and producer Robert H. Justman, and writers D. C. Fontana and Robert Sabaroff.
The series is also notable for providing the first television script credit for writer-producer Susan Harris, who went on to create Soap and The Golden Girls.
Music
The opening instrumental theme song was titled "Then Came Bronson" and was composed and conducted by George Duning. The closing vocal theme for the series, titled "Long Lonesome Highway", was sung by Parks and written and composed by James Hendricks; it was a Billboard Magazine Hot 100 hit that reached #20 in 1970.
On March 25, 1970, Parks guest-starred on "The Johnny Cash Show" S1E25. Cash riding Bronson's Harley-Davidson introduces Parks as Bronson, saying, "And then Bronson came back to Tennessee". Parks sang their hit song from the show and then they and Johnny did a duet of Woody Guthrie's "Oklahoma Hills".
Parks released two albums on the MGM label that featured music from this series, Closing the Gap (1969), and Long Lonesome Highway (1970). In addition, other artists such as John Bahler, Kiel Martin, Gary Jayson, Buffy Sainte-Marie, and Tom Paxton sang songs that appeared in the series. Actress Bonnie Bedelia in the pilot sang gospel song "Wayfaring Stranger" with Parks.
A version of "San Antonio Rose", sung by Parks, appears on the Rhino CD Golden Throats 3: Sweethearts of Rodeo Drive.
In 2010, Duning's score for the pilot and two episode scores by Gil Mellé were released as part of Film Score Monthly's TV Omnibus: Volume One (1962–1976). In 2013 Intrada Records released a two-disc set of music from the series, featuring Duning's six episode scores on disc one and selections from the other scores on disc two by John Parker, Elliot Kaplan, Stu Phillips, Dean Elliott, Richard Shores, Tom McIntosh, and Philip Springer.
Episodes
Home media
The pilot telefilm was made available on DVD as a part of the Warner Archives collection from Warner Bros. on November 17, 2009.
Awards
Episode #10, "Two Percent of Nothing" (guest-starring Steve Ihnat and Pat Quinn) written by D. C. Fontana], was nominated for the Writers Guild Award.
Other media
Three tie-in novels with original stories were published during the show's run: Then Came Bronson by William Johnston, and Then Came Bronson #2: The Ticket and Then Came Bronson #3: Rock! by Chris Stratton.
MPC released a model kit "Bronson Motorcycle Custom Harley-Davidson Sportster" in 1970 in 1/8 Scale.
In popular culture
The series was parodied by Pat Paulsen in a running sketch, "Then Came Paulsen", on Pat Paulsen's Half a Comedy Hour. Paulsen's motorcycle had training wheels.
The series was also satirized by Mad magazine in a piece titled "Then Came Bombsome", which portrayed Parks smoking atop their Harley in the iconic opening scene at the San Francisco stoplight: "Takin' a trip"? "No, this is a regular cigarette I'm smoking."
Then Came Bronson has also been referenced numerous times on the film-mocking TV series Mystery Science Theater 3000, usually in a scene featuring a lone figure riding on a motorcycle. MST3K writer Frank Conniff, who portrayed TV's Frank, is said to be a big fan of the short-lived series.
References
External links
Then Came Bronson television series opening scene at YouTube
Then Came Bronson at Super70s.com
TCB Multimedia Site
1969 American television series debuts
1970 American television series endings
1960s American drama television series
1970s American drama television series
English-language television shows
Motorcycle television series
NBC original programming
Television series by MGM Television
The 1025 demonstration() was a demonstration on 25 October 2008 sponsored by the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) and Taiwan Solidarity Union in Taipei, Taiwan. This protest march was launched five months after the inauguration of President Ma Ying-jeou and was preceded by an earlier 30 August 2008 protest in August which focused on Ma's failing economic plans.
The protesters marched against the perceived pro-China policies of the Ma administration. An estimated half a million people were reported to have participated in the march. It was planned by the DPP in response to the Chinese tainted milk powder scandal and Taiwan's perceived growing ties with the People's Republic of China (PRC).
Background
Cross-strait relations
The People's Republic of China claims that self-ruled Taiwan is its 23rd province. The PRC has threatened the use of force if Taiwan declares de jure independence from China.
Zhang Mingqing, the deputy chairperson of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Strait, arrived in Taiwan about a week before the protest. When asked by reporters to comment on President Ma's remarks that there will be no war across the Taiwan Strait in the next four years, Zhang expressed that there will never be war in the Strait if there is no Taiwan independence.
During a private visit to the Taiwan Confucian Temple in Tainan, Zhang fell to the ground as they encounter a small number of protesters led by the DPP's Tainan City legislator Wang Ting-yu. It was not clear whether they tripped or was pushed down, but Zhang was hurt. The car that Zhang was in was attacked and damaged when a protester jumped on the top of the car. Later, Zhang remarked, "Those who commit violence do not get what they want, but instead drop a rock on their own feet." as well as "A handful of compatriots in Tainan were involved in the violence (against me). They do not reflect the true feelings of the vast majority of compatriots in Tainan, nor the 23 million people of Taiwan."
Tainted products
The safety of Chinese food products has become a major issue in Taiwan. The Ma administration's policy of normalising cross-strait relations has been perceived by the pro-independence supporters as forming closer ties with the PRC. The milk scandal became not only a public health issue, but a political one as well. The government's ability to address the issue was questioned by the general public and the media. The Department of Health was heavily criticized by the Consumers' Foundation and investigated by the Control Yuan.
Other than condemning the PRC, DPP demanded that President Ma should request compensation from the PRC. DPP chairperson Tsai Ing-wen also criticized the government for being "weak" toward the PRC. Some Kuomintang legislators, on the other hand, criticized the PRC government for notifying Taiwan late after the news had already been reported by Taiwanese media.
Organization
Parade routes
"Oppose Toxic Goods" (approx. 3.9 km)
"Oppose One China Education" (approx. 3.4 km)
"Oppose the Hollowing Out of Sovereignty" (approx. 3.8 km)
"Oppose a One China Market" (approx. 4.2 km)
"Oppose the Incompetent Government" (approx. 4.8 km)
The planned starting point of the first route "Oppose Toxic Goods" was the Dinghao Plaza. Some of the politicians who took this route were former President Chen Shui-bian, former president of the World United Formosans for Independence Peng Ming-min and current president Ng Chiau-tong, and former foreign minister Chen Tang-shan.
The participants of the "Oppose One China Education" route started out in front of the main gate of the National Taiwan University. Protesters are mostly students who resisted the government's policy to recognize mainland Chinese academic qualifications. Leaders of this group include DPP chairperson Tsai Ing-wen, former Kaohsiung mayor Yeh Chu-lan, current mayor Chen Chu, and Kaohsiung County magistrate Yang Chiu-hsing.
The third route was organized by the TSU. Protesters marched from the Lungshan Temple. The TSU convened about 20,000 people including members of Victims of Investment in China Association. The participants protested against Ma's perceived policy of "damaging Taiwan's sovereignty".
The fourth route was led by former premier Yu Shyi-kun, who was accompanied by Yunlin County magistrate Su Chih-fen, deputy magistrate Lee Ying-yuan, Tainan County magistrate Su Huan-chih, and Tainan mayor Hsu Tain-tsair. Protesters held a banner with slogan "Love Yunlin, Rebut Chen Yunlin!" The last route "Oppose the Incompetent Government" was led by former DPP chairperson Su Tseng-chang. Protesters T-shirts with slogans such as "Defend Taiwan" and "I am Taiwanese, not Chinese."
Demonstration
Because the protest march was launched primarily by the Democratic Progressive Party, participants were predominantly pan-green. Former DPP chairpeople Yao Chia-wen, Su Tseng-chang, and Yu Shyi-kun all participated in the march.
Despite recent corruption controversies, former President Chen Shui-bian also marched and took the "Oppose Toxic Goods" route, although they did not finish the route. This was Chen's last appearance at a public political event before their arrest on November 11. The DPP organizers announced that there were over 600,000 protesters.
According to the pro-independence Taiwan East Society (), there were some pan-blue or Kuomintang supporters who signed up for the event. The chairperson of the organization said that President Ma's pro-China policies had irritated many Taitung residents.
Controversial officer
When protesters asked a police officer whether their boss is President Ma or not, the officer, surnamed Chou, responded that they worked for the People's Republic of China (PRC). The response irritated pan-green supporters, and an apology was immediately demanded. Chou apologized and left the scene.
The director of the National Police Agency Wang Cho-chiun later publicly apologized for the conduct of the officer, saying they have "damaged the police's public image." Wang also said that the officer will be punished for sure.
Responses
President Ma Ying-jeou said they would listen to the voice of the people and respond to their criticism, but maintained that the main direction of their government policies remained the correct one.
See also
517 Protest
References
2008 in Taiwan
Protests in Taiwan
Elections were held in the Muskoka District Municipality of Ontario on October 27, 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
Muskoka District Council
Consists of a chair plus mayors of the municipalities as well as a number of district councillors.
Bracebridge
Georgian Bay
Gravenhurst
Huntsville
Lake of Bays
Muskoka Lakes
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20141030022841/http://www.amo.on.ca/election2014.aspx Results]
Muskoka
District Municipality of Muskoka
Hemed () is a religious moshav in central Israel. Located near Or Yehuda, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Dan Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
During the 18th and 19th centuries, the area belonged to the Nahiyeh (sub-district) of Lod that encompassed the area of the present-day city of Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut in the south to the present-day city of El'ad in the north, and from the foothills in the east, through the Lod Valley to the outskirts of Jaffa in the west. This area was home to thousands of inhabitants in about 20 villages, who had at their disposal tens of thousands of hectares of prime agricultural land.
The village was founded in 1950 by demobilised soldiers from the Israel Defense Forces who were immigrants from Czechoslovakia, Poland and Romania. Its name is an acronym for Hayilim Meshuhrarim Datiyim (, lit. Demobilised Religious Soldiers). The residents initially worked in agriculture, but today much of the moshav's land is rented out for warehouses and industrial buildings.
References
External links
Moshavim
Religious Israeli communities
Populated places established in 1950
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1950 establishments in Israel
Czech-Jewish culture in Israel
Polish-Jewish culture in Israel
Romanian-Jewish culture in Israel
Slovak-Jewish culture in Israel
Ivan Sunara (born 27 March 1959, in Drniš) is a Croatian former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Competitors at the 1983 Mediterranean Games
Croatian men's basketball players
Croatian expatriate basketball people in Germany
Yugoslav men's basketball players
Yugoslav expatriate basketball people in Germany
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
KK Cibona players
KK Split players
KK Zadar players
KK Krka coaches
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Skyliners Frankfurt coaches
Sportspeople from Drniš
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
KK Zadar coaches
Psychotria fernandopoensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae. It is endemic to Cameroon. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Flora of Cameroon
Critically endangered plants
fernandopoensis
Archibald Millar Robertson Sim (born 8 January 1942) is a former South African cricketer. Sim was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. They were born at Johannesburg, Transvaal Province.
Sim made their first-class debut for North Eastern Transvaal against Rhodesia in the 1962/63 Currie Cup. They made two further appearances in that season's competition, against Border and Rhodesia. In their three appearances, they scored 45 runs at an average of 9.00, with a high score of 17. They played county cricket for Northamptonshire in 1964, making their first-class debut for the county against Cambridge University. They made a further appearance in 1965 against Oxford University, before making two further appearances in 1966 against Oxford University and Nottinghamshire. In their four first-class appearances for Northamptonshire, they scored 151 runs at an average of 25.16, with a high score of 66 not out, which came against Oxford University in 1965.
References
External links
Archibald Sim at ESPNcricinfo
Archibald Sim at CricketArchive
1942 births
Living people
Cricketers from Johannesburg
South African cricketers
Northerns cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
The greyish mourner (Rhytipterna simplex) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
greyish mourner
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
greyish mourner
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nouri al-Jarrah (Arabic: نوري الجراح) (born 1956 in Damascus) is a Syrian-British poet and journalist. Born in Damascus in 1956, they have lived in exile since the early eighties, moving to London in 1986 and is known as one of the most influential contemporary poets of the Arabic-speaking world. They have founded several literary magazines including “Al-Naqid” (1988–1992), “Al-Katiba” recorded as the first monthly cultural review for female writers in the Arab world (1993–1995), “Al-Rihla” (as of 1995), and “Al-Jadeed” (as of 2015). Their poetry has been published in 16 collections, many of which have been awarded prizes in various parts of the Arab world, including The Boy (1982), Ode to a Voice (1990), Hamlet's Gardens (2003), and Noah's Despair (2014). In addition to a long line of participation in international poetry festivals they have enjoyed the title of honorary guest to share their poetry by many influential institutes including: New York University, Sprachsalz International Literature Festival, Al-Shaikh Ibraheem Centre of Bahrain, Brown University of Boston, Tetouan Poetry Festival during which the cultural ministry of Morocco presented them with the keys to the city, and many others. Their poems present their vision of poetry and life, to which they have lent a unique voice over the years. Their verse leans on a variety of cultural sources, with a particular way of focusing on mythology, folktales, and legends while reflecting on metaphysical considerations and deep, existential questions—most recently, the Syrian Civil War and the resulting refugee crisis. Jarrah's literature has been translated into English, Persian, French, Spanish, Greek, Dutch, Polish, Turkish and Italian. A Boat to Lesbos, published by Banipal Books in 2018, is the first full-length collection of their poetry to appear in English. Their opinion pieces and editorials in a stream of magazines and newspapers have inspired lively debate among prominent Arabic writers on the topic of new approaches in poetry and prose.
Al-Jarrah, a dissident of the Syrian regime throughout their career has all the while been politically expressive; from 1981-85 while actively advocating for the Palestinian struggle during the Lebanese civil war, Al-Jarrah served as managing editor for a monthly cultural review in Beirut, with much of the political instabilities forming their impressions on their writings across a landscape of Pan-Arabic publications. in 1998 Al-Jarrah travelled across Algeria, where they would soon produce the only Arabic testimonial documentation of the civil-war titled; “A Bleeding Paradise” which gained international recognition and faced harsh criticism from both the hardcore fundamentalist islamist groups and regime loyalist publications. In 2012; in response and in accordance with the Syrian uprising, they played a primary role in establishing “The Syrian Writers Association” and later in 2017 was voted in as its president.
Nouri Al-Jarrah's writing habits and works over time have witnessed momentary well-rewarded shifts, where in 2008 they were awarded the State's prize for children's literature for “The Pillow Book” and In 2000, they co-founded The Centre for Arabic Geographical Literature in Abu Dhabi, which won the Sheikh Zayed Book Award for Publishing and Technology in 2019 for its contribution to the preservation, distribution, and recognition of travel literature.
Family
Jarrah's son Rami Jarrah became a prominent activist in early 2011 during the Syrian Uprising, they were cited by international media under the name Alexander Page until they were soon compromised in late 2011 by the Syrian intelligence services.
Works
Published
· The Boy (Beirut, 1982)
· Aligning with the Voice (London, 1988)
· Ode to a Voice (Köln, 1990)
· Death's Childhood (Casablanca, 1992)
· A Black Glass (London, 1993)
· Poem and Poem in the Mirror (Beirut, 1995)
· The Ascent of April (Beirut, 1996)
· Hamlet's Gardens (Beirut, 2003)
· The Road to Damascus and The Persian Garden (Beirut, 2004)
· The Day of Cain (Haifa/Beirut, 2013)
· Noah's Despair (Beirut, 2014)
· Abel's Elegies (Beirut, 2015)
· Four Elegies (Istanbul, 2016)
· A Boat to Lesbos (Mailand, 2016)
· Une Barque pour Lesbos (Les Edition Moires Paris, 2016)
· Le désespoir de Noé (Les Edition Moires, Paris, 2017)
· No war in Troy (Milano, 2020)
References
External links
Rawafed: documentary interview Nouri al-Jarrah. Alarabiya.net
1956 births
Living people
Syrian poets
[[:tr:Kategorie:Nuri_el-Cerrah]]
The Uganda Media Women's Association (UMWA) - is a nonprofit non-governmental organization located in Kampala, Uganda focused on human rights advocacy and women's rights.
History
The Uganda Media Women's Association (UMWA) was formed in 1983 by female journalists as a membership association to bring about media of Gender equality and Social Justice. These female journalists offer themselves to bringing women's issues into the forefront through broadcasts (radio, TV and print media) on a variety of topics, including early pregnancy, violence against women, among other issues.
Programs and Activities
UMWA runs a media house, Mama FM which is a community development women focused radio operating in Kampala and the greater Central Region of Uganda. The radio publishes live edutainment programs, features, live talk shows, music and news. Mama FM was founded in 2001 as the first women radio to serve women and marginalized people.
Uganda Media Women's Association has been at the forefront in organising Gender Media Awards in which journalists and media houses that have excelled in gender sensitive reporting.
UMWA aims to raise the status of Uganda's women, especially those in rural communities, so that they are involved and can freely participate in development programmes that are designed to not only benefit them but the country at large.
UMWA partners with World Association for Christian Communication (WACC), Code for Africa and UN Women on the Global Media Monitoring Project (GMMP) which is the world's longest-running and most extensive research on gender in the news media.
UMWA has taken part in publishing papers and documents that bring out the women issues. One of the papers is the survey on Media coverage of the 2021 General Elections in which it was established that election coverage was highly skewed against women (candidates, voters, electoral officials) to the benefit of men in terms of visibility, portrayal and representation.
UMWA has been at the forefront in fighting for the rights of women journalists. A case in point is minister without Portfolio Abraham Byandala who was wanted punished after having been captured on camera on 23 March 2016 punching Judith Naluggwa in the lower abdomen as they took photos of them at the Anti-Corruption Court. Mr Byandala had appeared in court in connection with the Shs24 billion Mukono-Katosi road scandal in which they are implicated.
Leadership
At the helm of UMWA is Ms Margaret B. Sentamu who has been an executive director of the organisation since 1994. The board of directors, which has seven members, is elected from the General Assembly. The Board provides an oversight role to implement and execute policies, fundraise, recruit key staff, approve annual plans and budgets, and advice the Secretariat as needed.
Awards
UMWA has received numerous awards that include among others an award for its outstanding contribution to media development and for creating a platform for women journalists to thrive in the World Press Freedom Day, 2022
References
Women's organisations based in Uganda
Organisations based in Kampala
Organizations established in 1983
Feminist organisations in Uganda
Columbus Circle is a traffic circle in New York City, US.
Columbus Circle may also refer to:
New York City
59th Street–Columbus Circle station, a subway station complex under the circle consisting of
59th Street – Columbus Circle (IRT Broadway – Seventh Avenue Line), serving the 1 and 2 trains
59th Street – Columbus Circle (IND Eighth Avenue Line), serving the A, B, C, and D trains
Other uses
Columbus Circle (Syracuse, New York), a plaza and neighborhood in Syracuse, New York, US
Columbus Circle (Washington, D.C.), a traffic circle in Washington D.C., US
Columbus Circle (film), a 2012 film
See also
The Shops at Columbus Circle, a shopping mall in New York City
Kristan is a given name. Notable people with the given name include:
Kristan Bromley (born 1972), British skeleton racer
Kristan Cunningham, American actor and interior designer
Kristan Higgins, American author
Kristan Kennedy (born 1972), American artist, curator, and educator
Kristan Singleton (born 1971), United States Virgin Islands swimmer
See also
Kristan, surname
Empar Pineda i Erdozia (born 1944) is a Spanish feminist activist, winner of the Creu de Sant Jordi in 2008.
Biography
Childhood in the Basque Country
Empar Pineda was born in Hernani, Gipuzkoa in 1944, and spent their childhood at the family farmhouse with their six siblings. They were very close to their grandfather, a person who was very knowledgeable about plants and ointments – they were called a curandero – and politically aware.
They were enrolled in a German nun's school, where they were required to learn English. In 1964 they completed their baccalaureate. As there was no public university in the Basque Country, they moved to Madrid, where their sister lived.
First years of anti-Francoist activism
In 1964, after finishing the higher baccalaureate, Pineda moved to Madrid to continue their studies. They participated in the anti-Francoist student movement and was banned from enrolling at the Universities of Madrid and Barcelona. They ended up enrolling at the University of Salamanca in 1964, and a little later at the University of Oviedo, where they graduated in Romance philology.
They returned to Madrid, where they began teaching Language and Literature at a branch of the Employee's Home while continuing their membership in left-wing organizations, including one called "Lenin", the Federation of Communists, and finally the Communist Movement.
An anti-Francoist militant, they were arrested by the authorities and spent some time in Martutene Prison. In the 1970s, during the transition to democracy, they moved to Barcelona. There they were the leader of the Communist Movement of Catalonia (MCC), which they represented in the .
In the 1977 election they were a candidate for the Province of Barcelona for Popular Unity for Socialism Candidacy, and was the head of the MCC-OEC list in the 1979 Barcelona mayoral election.
Feminist-lesbian struggle
In interviews Empar Pineda has said they discovered feminism with their colleagues from the Communist Movement of Catalonia. In addition, the United Nations proclaimed 1975 the International Women's Year. The first meetings of the Association of Friends of UNESCO were held, bringing together feminist activists who in May 1976 formed the Feminist Coordinator of Barcelona and organized the First Days of the Catalan Woman under the association's umbrella. They gathered 1,000 women at the Autonomous University of Barcelona to reflect on feminism and women's rights.
In 1977 they witnessed progress in LGBT rights and freedoms, presiding over the banner of the first Gay Pride Day in Madrid.
In 1980 they were co-founder of the Lesbian Feminist Collective of Madrid and participated in the creation of the Right to Abortion Commission, following the irruption of the Civil Guard at Los Naranjos de Sevilla planning center and the detention of its health personnel. They participated in the campaign "Yo también they abortado" (I have also aborted).
Later Pineda was co-founder of the Commission for the Right to Abortion in Madrid, spokesperson for the network Otras voces feministas (Other Feminist Voices), and director of the collection Hablan las mujeres (Women Speak) and magazines Nosotras que nos queremos tanto (We Who Love Each Other So Much) and Desde nuestra acera (From Our Sidewalk).
In 1993 they began working at the Isadora Clinic in Madrid, to which they have remained linked as a consultant since their retirement.
In 2008 they received the Creu de Sant Jordi for "her dedication sustained for so many years in defense of women's rights, from the action – as an active member of various organizations – and reflection – as a co-author of several volumes, including 'El feminismo que existe'."
In 2011, Empar Pineda and another LGBT leader, , announced that they would not continue carrying the Creu de Sant Jordi as a protest against the "insensitivity" of the Generalitat in not awarding it to "any person linked to the fight against HIV/AIDS, on the 30th anniversary of the pandemic", despite the fact that, they claimed, many entities had requested it. It was also in protest of the honor being awarded to Josep Antoni Duran i Lleida, who had made "discriminatory, anti-homosexual, and transphobic statements".
As of 2018, they are an active part of the Hetaira Collective.
Controversies
In June 2008, together with Judge María Sanahuja, Pineda stood against the for punishing violence by men towards women with greater penalties, pointing out that "there are abused men."
Awards
2008 Creu de Sant Jordi
2012 Recognized as Hernaniar Bikaina (Excellent Hernani Native)
2013 Award for Values in Equality from the Workers' Commissions' 1st of May Foundation
References
External links
Articles by Empar Pineda in El País
1944 births
Communists from Catalonia
Lesbian feminists
Lesbian politicians
LGBT politicians from Spain
LGBT rights activists from Spain
Living people
People from Hernani
Spanish women's rights activists
University of Oviedo alumni
Richardson is an unincorporated community in Lawrence County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office has been in operation at Richardson since 1883. The community was named in honor of George S. Richardson, a railroad official.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
April – English poet Ben Jonson visits Scottish poet William Drummond of Hawthornden.
c. October – Following the death of Samuel Daniel, Ben Jonson becomes Poet Laureate of the Kingdom of England (on Johnson's death in 1637 they are succeeded by William Davenant).
Martin Opitz becomes the leader of the school of young poets in Heidelberg.
Works published
Richard Braithwaite, writing under the pen name "Musophilus", A New Spring Shadowed in Sundry Pithie Poems
Sir John Davies, Nosce Teipsum (see also Nosce Teipsum 1599, 1622)
Michael Drayton, Idea
Henry Hutton, Follie's Anatomie; or, Satyres and Satiricall Epigrams
George Wither, Fidelia
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 21 – Anders Bording (died 1677), Danish poet and journalist
March 6 – Cyrano de Bergerac (died 1655), French soldier and poet
Moses Belmonte (died 1647), Spanish polyglot poet and translator
Bedřich Bridel (died 1680), Czech baroque writer, poet and missionary
William Chamberlayne (died 1703), English poet, playwright, physician and Royalist soldier
Morgan Llwyd (died 1659), Welsh Puritan preacher, poet and prose writer
Shalom Shabazi (died 1720), Jewish poet of Yemen
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
April 21 – Shlomo Ephraim Luntschitz (born 1550), Polish rabbi, poet and Torah commentator
October 14 – Samuel Daniel (born 1562), English Poet Laureate and historian
Frei Agostinho da Cruz (born 1540), brother of Diogo Bernardes, Portuguese
Probable year – Ginés Pérez de Hita (born 1544), Spanish novelist and poet
See also
Poetry
17th century in poetry
17th century in literature
Notes
17th-century poetry
Poetry
The Holladay Nunataks () are a cluster of nunataks in extent, occupying the central part of the peninsula between the terminus of Tomilin Glacier and the Gillett Ice Shelf. They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Billy W. Holladay, Chief Aviation Electronics Technician, U.S. Navy, who was Maintenance Control Chief at McMurdo Station during Operation Deep Freeze, 1968.
References
Nunataks of Oates Land
Artlukh (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Artlukhsky Selsoviet, Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 365 as of 2010. There are 8 streets.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
Geography
Artlukh is located 38 km south of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road. Danukh and Gadari are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
Preben Granhøj Nielsen is a Danish wheelchair curler.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
Danish male curlers
Danish wheelchair curlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Offer Mizrahi (; born 3 March 1967 in Haifa) is an Israeli former professional association footballer who was part of the 1988–89 championship squad at Maccabi Haifa and the Israel national football team.
Biography
Early life
Mizrahi joined the Maccabi Haifa academy at age 6 as they grew up in Kiryat Eliezer.
Footnotes
References
External links
Profile and short biography of Offer Mizrahi on Maccabi Haifa's official website
1967 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Israeli footballers
Maccabi Haifa F.C. players
Israel international footballers
Maccabi Herzliya F.C. players
Footballers from Haifa
Israeli people of Iraqi-Jewish descent
Association football forwards
The Harrison County History of Coal Museum, also known as the Puskarich Coal Museum, opened in May 1994 in Cadiz, Ohio in the lower level of the Puskarich Public Library. The museum is open during the libraries' normal business hours from Monday - Thursday 9:00-8:00, Friday 9:00-6:00, and Saturday 9:00-5:00. Tours can be arranged by appointment. Admission is free of charge.
Museum Information
Different displays and photographs of various mining memorabilia inside the coal museum are available for viewing. The 99-seat theater offers film presentations of the coal industry and its history. Some of the topics featured are:
Mining in General
Coal's geological history, the history of coal mining in the United States, how mines were built, coal in the environment and products with items ranging from insecticides made from creosote coal tar to mothballs, a distillate of coal tar. Coal samples depicting anthracite (hard coal) are also displayed. Many of the displays were donated by area collectors as well as those associated with the mining industry. Elizabeth Reeb, a researcher-curator with the Ohio Historical Society, is responsible for many museum exhibits and photos.
Underground Mining
The actual mining process with its machines and methods, a general history of the United Mine Workers of America and Safety are included here. Miners' tools and equipment (hats, lunch buckets, safety devices) are acquired for displays. The safety device display covers the gamut from the old-fashioned birdcage - when the death of the bird meant the presence of deadly gases - to today's self-contained rescuer kits with a one-hour oxygen supply. The biggest display is a thirties-forty-era Watt Car located in the centerpiece of the lobby area. It was donated to the museum by the Cravat Coal Company. It stands in front of a huge photo of the entrance to a deep mine. The museum's walls and ceiling are set in black to give the underground feel of a deep mine.
Surface Mining
Machines and equipment like the Silver Spade and Giant Earth Mover (GEM), reclamation, and a model of a surface mine operation are key components. Among the displayed pieces is a broken-off "tooth" from the gigantic bucket of Consolidation Coal Company's Silver Spade and a section of the three-inch-thick electrical cable used to switch it on.
Local Mining
Harrison County was a top coal-producing county in Ohio. The general history of mining in this county and Eastern Ohio is covered by Ida Mae Stull. They were nationally recognized as the country's first woman coal miner, to the decline of the industry during the 1980s. Items from local mines are also on display. Other displays include several watch fobs, famous then and now, representing various coal equipment companies. The old "company store" is also featured with examples of merchandise and "scrip", both paper and metal.
Available Videos
Besides the many books offered at the Puskarich Public Library, the library and coal museum offer videos about coal mining.
Coal: the Inside Story
Fighting Coal Mine Fires
Mountaineer Prep Plant Big Muskie
Last Pony Mine - Longwall Mining
Marion Video
The Other Half Speaks - Daron Coal Company/Atlas Power Company - Adventures in Strip-mining
Common Ground Modern Mining
Energy Underground - Y & O Coal Company
Salute to the Giant
Out of Darkness
All About Coal (children's version)
History of Bucyrus Erie Strip-Mining Shovels
External links
Harrison County History of Coal Museum
Mine Safety and Health Administration
Women in Mining
National Coal Mining Museum for England
YouTube video of the Silver Spade
References
Museums in Harrison County, Ohio
Mining museums in Ohio
Industry museums in Ohio
Coal museums in the United States
The Mizdah Formation is a geologic formation in the Awbari Governorate, southwestern Libya. The unit preserves fossils dating back to the Cenomanian and Turonian stages of the early Late Cretaceous period.
Fossil content
The formation has provided the following fossils:
Fish
Carcharias amonensis
Distobatus sp.
Onchopristis sp.
Protopterus sp.
Chondrichthyes indet.
Enchodontidae indet.
Lepisosteidae indet.
Osteichthyes indet.
Pycnodontidae indet.
Reptiles
Simoliophis libycus
Crocodylia indet.
Testudines indet.
?Sauropoda indet.
?Theropoda indet.
Mammals
Mammalia indet.
See also
Echkar and Farak Formations, contemporaneous fossiliferous formations of Niger
Kem Kem Group, contemporaneous fossiliferous unit of Morocco
Sannine Formation, contemporaneous fossiliferous formation of Lebanon
Calcare di Bari, contemporaneous fossiliferous formation of Italy
References
Bibliography
Geologic formations of Libya
Upper Cretaceous Series of Africa
Cenomanian Stage
Turonian Stage
Sandstone formations
Shallow marine deposits
Fossiliferous stratigraphic units of Africa
Paleontology in Libya
Formations
Innale Vare is an Indian Malayalam-language film, which is directed by Jis Joy and produced by Mathew George. The film stars Asif Ali, Nimisha Sajayan and Antony Varghese in lead roles. The film was directly released on SonyLIV OTT platform on 9 June 2022.
Plot
Adhi Shankar is a leading actor in Malayalam film industry. They have made a number of enemies with their arrogant behavior and womanizing ways. They have a serious relationship with a retailer, Aishu, while having a sexual affair with married co-actor, Karthika Lakshmi. They also disappoint multiple movie producers and is under severe financial pressure.
One day, they get tricked by Anjali, posing as a fan, and held captive in their flat. Together with their co-conspirator, Sharath, Anjali manages to hold Adishankar captive for a few days while controlling their life by accessing their smart phone. They thwart Aadhi's efforts to escape.
The duo destroys Adhi's personal life as well by using their social media account and sending misleading messages to both Karthika Lakshmi and Aishu. Posing as Aadhi, Sharath contacts Adhi's manager and manage to extract 1.5 crores of cash. It is revealed that Anjali and their family is facing eviction from their own house by a bank, whom they owe 1.5 crores.
Once the money is received, Anjali and Sharath releases Aadhi. Though Aadhi contacts Police immediately, they do not trust him. Also, Anjaly and Sharath cleverly fabricates an alternate version of events in which Aadhi is an abusive boyfriend of Anjaly. Police inspector, even though not entirely convinced by this version, advises Aadhi that proceeding further with their complaint will only tarnish their public image.
Cast
Asif Ali as Adhi Sankar
Antony Varghese as Vinod Sreedhar / Sharath
Nimisha Sajayan as Anjali / Shani
Reba Monica John as Aishu
Athulya Chandra as Karthika Lakshmi
Nandhu as Aanandhan
Rony David as Jomi
Sreelakshmi as Aadhi's mother
Unni Nair as Sudhakaran
Anand Bal
Siddique as themselves
Irshad as the police officer
Nisha Mathew as Anjali's mother
Production
The pooja of the film was in April 2021. Shooting began in Kochi soon after the pooja ceremony. Shooting wrapped up in September 2021. The title of the film was decided later and the first look poster of the movie was released on 5 February 2022. The dubbing works ended in March 2022. All the other post-production works of the film was done in March 2022.
Release
The film was directly released on the OTT platform, SonyLIV on 9 June 2022.
Reception
Firstpost gave a rating of 3.25 out of 5 for the movie and stated that, "The film is not constructed as a pacey, edge-of-the-seat thriller, but instead one that appears more straightforward than it actually is and is less focused on suspense than it is on the human condition. The one who steals the show in Innale Vare though is Nimisha Sajayan who is simultaneously oily and scared, terrified yet determined."
Dhanya K. Vilayil of The New Indian Express gave a rating of 2.5 of 5 and wrote that, "Innale Vare gives an average viewing experience due to the fact that the film is a predictable story for the audience. The film has brilliant performances by Asif Ali and Nimisha Sajayan. Cinematography, background music and other aspects of the film are excellent."
S. R Praveen of The Hindu said that, "Jis Joy's latest movie 'Innale Vare' aspires to be a dark and intelligent thriller, but fails on both counts."
Manorama News wrote that "Innale Vare is an awesome thriller with a cleanly written screenplay without much fuss. The strong performance of Asif Ali , Nimisha Sajayan and Antony Varghese is the strength of the movie".
Manjima Das of Leisure Byte said that "with an engaging story, interesting characters, crisp cinematography and editing, Jis Joy has offered the audiences a piece of dark thriller that is reflective and cautionary with its various themes".
References
External links
2022 films
2020s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Jis Joy
Indian thriller drama films
2022 thriller drama films
Indian direct-to-video films
2022 direct-to-video films
Direct-to-video thriller films
SonyLIV original films
Indian films about revenge
Films about kidnapping in India
Films about hostage takings
Films shot in Kerala
Films shot in Kochi
NXT TakeOver XXX (originally NXT TakeOver: Boston) was the 30th NXT TakeOver professional wrestling livestreaming event produced by WWE. It was held exclusively for wrestlers from the promotion's NXT brand division. The event aired exclusively on the WWE Network and took place on August 22, 2020, at Full Sail University in Winter Park, Florida as part of that year's SummerSlam weekend. It was also the final NXT TakeOver event to air exclusively on the WWE Network, as beginning with TakeOver 31 in October, the events also became available on traditional pay-per-view.
The event was originally scheduled to take place at the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the city's Mayor Marty Walsh announced the suspension of all large-scale gatherings and that no permit would be issued for an event that could draw a large crowd before September 7. As such, the event was moved to NXT's home base of Full Sail University. It was the final NXT TakeOver event to be held at Full Sail, as beginning with TakeOver 31 in October, NXT's events were moved to the WWE Performance Center in Orlando, Florida and broadcast from a new setup dubbed the Capitol Wrestling Center.
Six matches were contested at the event, including one on the pre-show. In the main event, Karrion Kross defeated Keith Lee to win the NXT Championship. In the penultimate match, Io Shirai defeated Dakota Kai to retain the NXT Women's Championship. Other prominent matches included Damian Priest winning the vacant NXT North American Championship in a ladder match and Adam Cole defeating Pat McAfee which was McAfee's WWE in-ring debut.
Production
Background
TakeOver was a series of professional wrestling shows that began in May 2014, as WWE's NXT brand held their second WWE Network-exclusive event, billed as TakeOver. In subsequent months, the "TakeOver" moniker became the brand used by WWE for all of their NXT live specials. Titled for being the 30th NXT TakeOver event, TakeOver XXX was held on August 22, 2020, as a support show for that year's SummerSlam pay-per-view.
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic that began affecting the industry in mid-March, WWE had to present the majority of its programming from a behind closed doors set. NXT's programming was held at NXT's home base of Full Sail University in Winter Park, Florida. This TakeOver event, as well as the following night's SummerSlam, were originally scheduled to take place at the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. However, on May 8, 2020, Boston mayor Marty Walsh suspended all large-scale gatherings until September 7, effectively canceling WWE's planned events in the city. As a result, this TakeOver, which was originally titled "TakeOver: Boston", was also moved to Full Sail University and subsequently renamed to "TakeOver XXX" due to it being the 30th NXT TakeOver event.
Storylines
The card comprised six matches, including one on the Pre-Show, that resulted from scripted storylines, where wrestlers portrayed heroes, villains or less distinguishable characters to build tension and culminate in a wrestling match or series of matches, with results predetermined by WWE's writers on the NXT brand, while storylines were produced on their weekly television program, NXT.
On the July 22 episode of NXT, then double champion Keith Lee reflected on their career and all of the opportunities they had gotten and stated that they now wanted to pay it forward, so they voluntarily relinquished the NXT North American Championship to allow other wrestlers a chance at the title, while they would focus solely on defending the NXT Championship. As a result, NXT General Manager William Regal announced that there would be a series of triple threat matches set up as qualifiers for a five-man ladder match to be held at TakeOver XXX to crown a new North American Champion. That same night, Bronson Reed defeated Johnny Gargano and Roderick Strong to become the first to qualify for the match. The following week, Dexter Lumis joined Reed as the second person to qualify by defeating Finn Bálor and Timothy Thatcher, but was later ruled out due to an ankle injury. On the August 5 episode, Damian Priest joined Reed as the third person to qualify by defeating Oney Lorcan and NXT UK's Ridge Holland. Due to Lumis' injury, Regal announced two singles matches that would take place to fill Lumis' spot and determine the final two competitors. The wrestlers in those matches will be the ones who were neither pinned nor submitted in the triple threats. On the August 12 episode of NXT, Cameron Grimes joined Reed and Priest as the fourth person to qualify by defeating Kushida and the returning Velveteen Dream, the latter of whom turned heel after the match. The final two to qualify were Gargano and Dream by defeating Holland and Bálor, respectively.
At TakeOver: In Your House, Shirai defeated Rhea Ripley and then-champion Charlotte Flair in a triple threat match to win the NXT Women's Championship. On the July 15 episode of NXT, after Shirai successfully defended against Tegan Nox, Kai attacked Shirai. On the August 5 episode of NXT, thanks to interference from The Robert Stone Brand's Mercedes Martinez, Kai defeated Ripley to earn an opportunity against Shirai at TakeOver XXX, after which Martinez attacked Ripley.
On July 23 during McAfee's radio program on CBS Sports Radio, Cole got into an altercation with McAfee, due to McAfee accusing Cole of hiding behind The Undisputed Era during their record 403-day NXT Championship reign and mocking Cole for their smaller stature, resulting in Cole cussing out McAfee and shoving a producer. On July 27, NXT head Triple H offered McAfee the opportunity to work things out with Cole on the August 5 episode of NXT. During the NXT Tag Team Championship match, which saw Imperium's Fabian Aichner and Marcel Barthel defend against Bobby Fish and Kyle O'Reilly, McAfee mocked Cole while serving as guest commentator and got into another altercation, which ended with McAfee punting Cole in the head while Cole was being restrained, before being thrown out of Full Sail University. The following day, Triple H issued a challenge to McAfee on Cole's behalf for a match at TakeOver XXX on ESPN's Get Up!, which McAfee later accepted in a video.
Event
Pre-show
On the TakeOver XXX Pre-Show, Breezango (Fandango and Tyler Breeze) defeated Oney Lorcan & Danny Burch and Legado del Fantasma (Joaquin Wilde and Raul Mendoza) in a Triple threat tag team match to determine the #1 contenders for the NXT Tag Team Championship.
Preliminary matches
In the first match of the main show, Finn Bálor faced Timothy Thatcher. The match in itself was a highly technical matchup and Thatcher and Balor used a lot of submissions. Bálor won following a Coup de Grace and a 1916.
Next, the vacant North American Championship was decided in a five-way ladder match featuring Bronson Reed, Damian Priest, Cameron Grimes, Johnny Gargano, and the Velveteen Dream. Midway through the match, Reed performed a suicide dive onto Grimes, Gargano, and Priest, prompting Gargano's wife, Candice LeRae, to come out and check on their husband. Grimes was taken out of the match when Gargano used a powerbomb on them from a ladder onto another ladder. Dream was thrown out into the audience on the concrete floor. LeRae would become more heavily involved in the match by preventing Grimes from grabbing the title. They also tried to stop Reed from grabbing the title as well, but suffered greatly once Reed jumped from the ladder with LeRae on their back, splashing Gargano. In the end, it was Damian Priest who walked away as the new champion.
Following this was the grudge match between Adam Cole and Pat McAfee. Things started off intense after McAfee dove to the outside, taking out Cole and the rest of The Undisputed Era, their own posse of NFL teammates, and several WWE officials and security. McAfee's advantage would dissipate over time after Cole locked them in a Figure 4 Leglock. McAfee would escape and hit their signature punt on Cole for a near fall. McAfee would counter a superplex attempt by Cole by flipping out and landing on their feet. McAfee also did a suicide dive from the top turnbuckle onto the Undisputed Era and other officials on the outside. However, in the end, it would be Cole who would pick up the victory following a Panama Sunrise.
In the penultimate match, Io Shirai defended the NXT Women's Championship against Dakota Kai. Kai started the match off strong with several kicks and lariats. Once Shirai started mounting offense, Kai escaped to the outside where their enforcer, Raquel Gonzalez, stopped Shirai in their tracks, long enough for Kai to attack them from behind. Kai continued their advantage by targeting the arm of Shirai and hitting them with the Kairopractor for a near fall. Kai would then accidentally kick the ref, knocking them unconscious. Shirai capitalized with their patented Over-the-Moonsault, but was attacked by Gonzalez, who laid Shirai out with a Pumphandle Uranage. Kai capitalized and covered Shirai as the ref came to and started the count, only for Shirai to kick out at a 2 count. Moments later, Shirai would do a Moonsault on both Gonzalez and Kai outside the ring. Shirai would win the match by hitting Kai with yet another Over-the-Moonsault to retain the title. Afterwards, Shirai was attacked by Gonzalez, but was rescued by Rhea Ripley.
Main event
In the main event, Keith Lee defended the NXT Championship against Karrion Kross, who was accompanied by Scarlett. Soon after the bell rang, the fight was quickly taken to the outside, with Kross kicking Lee's arm in between the guard rail and plexiglass divider. Kross continued to wear Lee down with various submission holds, and even hit a Doomsday Saito for a near fall. Lee would eventually mount a comeback against Kross, countering an arm bar by lifting it into a powerbomb, and would nail Kross with the Spirit Bomb for a near fall. Kross would mount a comeback by trapping Lee in the Kross Jacket and nearly made the champion pass out, but Lee would stay conscious and fight out of the hold. Lee attempted to go for a top rope maneuver, but would be met by Kross, who performed a top rope Doomsday Saito to pin Lee and win the NXT Championship for the first time in their career.
Aftermath
After the event ended, it was reported by WWE that Karrion Kross had suffered a separated shoulder during their main event match with Keith Lee. At SummerSlam, it was announced that Lee would be moving to Raw brand. On the following NXT, Kross announced that due to suffering that shoulder injury, they would not be medically cleared to defend the NXT Championship and thus relinquished the belt. As a result, Regal announced later that night that four former champions—Johnny Gargano, Finn Bálor, Adam Cole, and the returning Tommaso Ciampa—would compete on the September 1, 2020 "Super Tuesday" edition of NXT in a four-way 60-minute Iron Man match for the vacant NXT Championship. Also on that episode, Breezango defeated Imperium to become the new NXT Tag Team Champions, their first titles in WWE, while Kai and González capitalized on Martinez's interference and defeated Ripley and Shirai in the main event.
TakeOver XXX would be the final NXT TakeOver to air exclusively on the WWE Network, as beginning with TakeOver 31 on October 4, 2020, TakeOvers also became available on traditional pay-per-view. Additionally, TakeOver XXX was the final TakeOver to broadcast from Full Sail University, as also beginning with TakeOver 31, the events were moved to the WWE Performance Center in a setup dubbed the Capitol Wrestling Center, which was similar to WWE's bio-secure bubble, the WWE ThunderDome, that was utilized for Raw and SmackDown's events.
Results
Notes
References
External links
2020 WWE Network events
August 2020 events in the United States
NXT TakeOver
2020 in professional wrestling in Florida
Events in Florida
Professional wrestling in Winter Park, Florida
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on television
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1965 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and ASK won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
The meniscus (plural: menisci, from the Greek for "crescent") is the curve in the upper surface of a liquid close to the surface of the container or another object, caused by surface tension.
A concave meniscus occurs when the particles of the liquid are more strongly attracted to the container (adhesion) than to each other (cohesion), causing the liquid to climb the walls of the container. This occurs between water and glass. Water-based fluids like sap, honey, and milk also have a concave meniscus in glass or other wettable containers.
Conversely, a convex meniscus occurs when the particles in the liquid have a stronger attraction to each other than to the material of the container. Convex menisci occur, for example, between mercury and glass in barometers and thermometers.
Contact angle and surface tension
The formation of menisci is commonly used in surface science to measure contact angles and surface tension. In a contact angle measurement, the shape of the menisci is measured with a balance or optically with a digital camera. In a surface tension measurement, the measurement probe has a contact angle of zero and the surface tension can be obtained by measuring the mass of the menisci. This is typically done with a Wilhelmy plate.
Measurement of volumes
When reading a depth scale on the side of an instrument filled with liquid, such as a water level device, the meniscus must be taken into account in order to obtain an accurate measurement. Depth must be measured with the meniscus at eye level (to eliminate parallax error) and at the center of the meniscus, i.e. the top of a convex meniscus or the bottom of a concave meniscus.
Manufacturers of glassware and other tools calibrate their measurement marks to account for the meniscus. This means that any instrument is calibrated for a specific liquid, usually water.
Capillary action
Menisci are a manifestation of capillary action, by which either surface adhesion pulls a liquid up to form a concave meniscus, or internal cohesion pulls the liquid down to form a convex meniscus. This phenomenon is important in transpirational pull in plants. When a tube of a narrow bore, often called a capillary tube, is dipped into a liquid and the liquid wets the tube (with zero contact angle), the liquid surface inside the tube forms a concave meniscus, which is a virtually spherical surface having the same radius, r, as the inside of the tube. The tube experiences a downward force of magnitude 2πrσ, where σ is the surface tension of the liquid.
References
External links
Using menisci to measure surface tension
Fluid mechanics
Greek words and phrases
The Hollow Man is a novel by American author Dan Simmons. The book was initially published by Bantam Books on September 1, 1992. It narrates the story of a university lecturer who has the ability to "hear" the thoughts of others, an ability they share with their dying wife.
There are numerous themes in this novel which are expanded in later works, most notably a set of theories on the nature of and perception of reality (see Ilium). Conversely at least one character, Vanni Fucci, appears in Simmons' earlier 1988 work, "Vanni Fucci Is Alive and Well and Living in Hell". The Hollow Man was nominated for a Locus Award in 1993.
The novel itself is an expansion of an earlier short story, "Eyes I Dare Not Meet in Dreams", that appeared in their 1990 collection Prayers to Broken Stones. Original ideas and characters behind much of Simmons's subsequent works can be found in this collection.
Plot summary
After the death of their wife Gail, Jeremy Bremen leaves their previous life by burning their home and possessions and embarking on a journey to find peace from the "neurobabble" of humanity. Without their wife's presence Bremen cannot shield themselves from the unwanted ability to read minds and hear thoughts.
Bremen searches for solitude and isolation from people, which they initially find; however, as the novel progresses, they are exposed to increasing levels of contact with humanity and horrifying experiences of malicious and violent behaviour.
Transposed with Bremen's story is that of another character, Robby, who appears to be narrating and commenting upon Bremen and their wife's life. Robby is severely disabled and unable to communicate as they are deaf, mute, and blind. How they are able to have such familiarity with Bremen is not disclosed until towards the end of the novel.
References
External links
The Hollow Man at Worlds Without End
1992 novels
Novels by Dan Simmons
American science fiction novels
Novels set in St. Louis
Bantam Books books
Houat (; , ) is a French island off the south coast of Brittany in the department of Morbihan. It is located, along with two other major islands, in the entrance to the Baie de Quiberon. Its "twin sister" island is Hoëdic.
Administratively, Île-d'Houat is a commune of the Morbihan department.
Geography
long, at the widest. The island is mostly granite cliffs except for a long beach lined with dunes on the eastern coast.
Demographics
Inhabitants of Île-d'Houat are called Houatais.
Miscellaneous
Houat is the setting for Iain Pears' 2005 novel The Portrait.
See also
Communes of the Morbihan department
References
External links
Islands of Brittany
Communes of Morbihan
Islands of the Bay of Biscay
The women's sprint combination of the 2015–16 ISU Speed Skating World Cup 5, arranged in the Sørmarka Arena in Stavanger, Norway, was contested on 29–31 January 2016. It was the only sprint combination competition of the 2015–16 World Cup.
The contest included each skater's best time from the 500 metres and 1000 metres competitions that were raced during the weekend. Jorien ter Mors of the Netherlands had the best combined result, while Brittany Bowe of the United States came second and Vanessa Bittner of Austria came third.
Results
References
Women sprint combination
5
Downer is an unincorporated community in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located between Moorhead and Barnesville at the junction of Minnesota State Highway 9 and County Road 10 (90th Avenue South). Interstate 94/U.S. Highway 52 is nearby.
History
Downer contained a post office from 1886 until 1954. The community was named by the railroad.
References
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Clay County, Minnesota
Lincoln North Star High School (LNS or North Star) is a public secondary school located in Lincoln, Nebraska, United States. It opened its doors in 2003 to 1,150 students, and currently has approximately 2000 students. It is modeled the same as Lincoln Southwest High School. North Star, along with Papillion-La Vista South High School and Elkhorn South High School (both in the Omaha Metro area), are the three newest high schools in the state of Nebraska, with LNS and PLS opening in 2003 and ES opening in 2010. It is currently the largest high school in Lincoln.
North Star operates on a traditional seven-period day schedule, sometimes with eight periods for those who choose it. The school features a system of academies to assist students with post-secondary planning. The means to implement the academies was provided through federal and local grants. Students may participate in the Science and Engineering Academy, Business and Information Technology Academy, Law and Global Affairs Academy, Health and Biotechnology Academy, and Arts and Communications Academy. Additionally, all freshmen are placed in a separate academy designed to help them transition to high school. North Star was the first Lincoln high school to use this innovative system, which has since been expanded to the other five Lincoln public high schools in the form of Professional Learning Communities.
North Star was originally supposed to be named Lincoln Northwest; every high school in Lincoln is named after a direction depending on where they are located, with the exception of Lincoln High. Before the school opened, the students voted on the name North Star due to the school's location and the positive symbolism and uniqueness of the name. North Star rivals Lincoln High as the most diverse school in Lincoln, Nebraska.
The school's colors are navy blue and burgundy/maroon. Although the official mascot is the North Star Navigator, its mascot is an alligator, nicknamed "Al Gator". Most students seemed to prefer the alligator mascot, and as a result, most locals now refer to the students and interscholastic teams as the Gators.
From its founding in 2003 until 2006, North Star hosted a middle school, North Star Middle School, in a separate wing.
Traditions
North Star has many traditions which have started during its short existence. One of these is the Gator Walk to state, in which the North Star Drumline marches through the school playing cadences and picks up students who have qualified for state events to send them off to their state events. There is also a Gator Walk for all freshmen at the end of the first day of school, as well as a final Gator Walk for graduating seniors, days before graduation. Qualifying state members also receive a "North Star State Qualifier" shirt. North Star is also known for having lunch jams once a quarter, in which certain groups such as the LNS Drumline, the ENT Step Team, or the concert choir perform during lunch to entertain the students.
The Telescope is the high school newspaper.
The cafeteria is nicknamed the Bayou, the band room is the Bog, and the main gym is called the Swamp, following the theme of the alligator mascot.
References
External links
LNS homepage
Public high schools in Nebraska
Schools in Lincoln, Nebraska
The northern fantail (Rhipidura rufiventris) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae.
It is found in New Guinea and northern Australia (Broome to Shire of Burdekin).
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests. The Biak fantail (R. kordensis) was formerly considered a subspecies.
References
northern fantail
Birds of Timor
Birds of the Maluku Islands
Birds of New Guinea
Birds of the Northern Territory
Birds of Cape York Peninsula
northern fantail
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sue O'Connor is an Australian archaeologist and Distinguished Professor in the School of Culture, History & Language at the Australian National University. Them research focuses primarily on the evidence of Pleistocene settlement and early human migration in the Indo-Pacific region.
Education
O'Connor studied archaeology at the University of New England (Australia) and graduated with honors in 1980. They furthered their studies at the
University of Western Australia where they received their PhD in 1991.
Career
O'Connor was a lecturer at the University of Western Australia (UWA) from 1991 to 1994. In 1994, they accepted a research fellowship at Australian National University (ANU) in the Department of Archaeology and Natural History. In 2005, they were promoted to the Head of the Department and in 2008 was made a full Professor.
O'Connor has conducted archaeological projects in the Northern Territory of Australia, Kimberley (Western Australia) Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and Timor Leste. Them research findings have demonstrated the first evidence of ancient people living in the Kimberley region over 40,000 years ago. Them investigations have also resulted in the earliest indication for rock art production in Australia
Important archaeological discoveries
East Timor Cave
O'Connor led a research expedition which discovered a cave site in East Timor, with evidence of people living more than 42,000 years ago. It is "the oldest evidence of occupation by modern humans on the islands that were the stepping stones from South-East Asia to Australia". Prior to O'Connor's research, scholars believed that early humans migrated south from Maritime Southeast Asia to Australia by traveling northwards by means of Borneo and Sulawesi, and then south through Papua New Guinea. With the new research findings, O'Connor believes that early humans traveled south from Maritime Southeast Asia through East Timor to Australia.
Canine domestication in East Timor
O'Connor worked on a team that conducted research on a dog burial found at Matja Kuru in East Timor. Their findings suggest that humans domesticated dogs at the site as early as 3,000 years ago. Analysis of the remains revealed a number of morphological similarities between modern-day domesticated dogs and the dog found at the burial site. O'Connor and their team assert that the presence of domesticated dogs may indicate that a hunting-foraging way of life was still prevalent at the time.
Pleistocene era burial
In 2017, O'Connor's research team recovered the world's oldest fish hooks from an ancient burial site on Alor Island, Indonesia. Five circular, rotating hooks, probably used for deep-sea fishing, were found under the chin and around the jaws of an adult female skeleton buried 12,000 years ago. This discovery contradicts the current theory that most fishing activities on the island had been carried out by men. Until 2017, the oldest fish-hooks found with a burial site
were unearthed at a river site in Siberia and were determined to be 9,000 years old.
Selected publications
Journals
Books
Awards
1999–2003 Australian Research Council QEII Fellowship
2007 elected Fellow, Australian Academy of the Humanities (FAHA)
2011 Rhys Jones Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Australian Archaeology
2012 Australian Research Council Laureate Fellowship
2018 ANU Vice-Chancellor's Award for Excellence in Research
References
Australian women archaeologists
Australian anthropologists
Australian women anthropologists
University of New England (Australia) alumni
Australian National University alumni
Living people
20th-century archaeologists
21st-century archaeologists
21st-century Australian women writers
20th-century Australian women writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Alaton is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
İshak Alaton (1927–2016), Turkish business person and investor of Jewish descent
Kalef Alaton (1940–1989), Turkish interior designer
Leyla Alaton (born 1961), Turkish business person and art collector
See also
Alton (surname)
Senator Larson may refer to:
Anton Larson (1873–1965), North Dakota State Senate
Cal Larson (born 1930), Minnesota State Senate
Chris Larson (born 1980), Wisconsin State Senate
Chuck Larson (born 1968), Iowa State Senate
Dan Larson (politician) (born 1965), Minnesota State Senate
Diane Larson (fl. 2010s), North Dakota State Senate
John B. Larson (born 1948), Connecticut State Senate
Lane Larson (born 1957), Montana State Senate
Morgan Foster Larson (1882–1961), New Jersey State Senate
Richard R. Larson (Wyoming politician) (born 1928), Wyoming State Senate
Tim Larson (born 1958), Connecticut State Senate
Tyson Larson (born 1986), Nebraska State Senate
See also
Senator Larsen (disambiguation)
Senator Lawson (disambiguation)
Antje Jansen (born 1 March 1950) is a former German politician, and member of the Landtag of Schleswig-Holstein from 2009 to 2012.
Early life
Jansen was born in Kiel.
Political career
They were a member of the Greens from 1990 to 2001.
Jansen was an unsuccessful Party of Democratic Socialism candidate in the 2002 German federal election.
They were elected in the 2009 Schleswig-Holstein state election.
They led The Left into the 2012 Schleswig-Holstein state election, in which the party experienced electoral wipeout.
References
1950 births
Living people
Politicians from Lübeck
Alliance 90/The Greens politicians
Party of Democratic Socialism (Germany) politicians
The Left (Germany) politicians
20th-century German politicians
20th-century German women politicians
21st-century German politicians
21st-century German women politicians
Members of the Landtag of Schleswig-Holstein
People from Kiel
Sarıçam is a district-municipality in the Adana Province of Turkey. Southern section of the district is part of the Adana Urban Area. The district is located north of the Yüreğir district, east of the Seyhan River and the Seyhan Reservoir. It consists of former townships that are amalgamated to the city of Adana in 2008.
Çukurova University, Adana Science and Technology University, the New Adana Stadium and the Adana Industrial Park are located in Sarıçam.
Governance
Sarıçam district is administered by three levels of government; central government, provincial administration and the municipalities.
Sarıçam Governorship is the district branch of the central government operating under the Adana Governorship. The chief executive of the Sarıçam district is the District Governor who is appointed by the Ministry of Internal Affairs. Sarıçam Governorship overseas the functioning of the district directorates of the ministries.
Sarıçam directorate of the Adana Province Special Administration is the district branch of the provincial administration. Sarıçam district is represented with 5 members at the 61-member Adana Provincial Parliament.
Sarıçam district is divided into Sarıçam municipality and the villages.
Sarıçam Municipality
There is only one municipality incorporated in the Sarıçam district. Sarıçam Municipality is a lower tier municipality of City of Adana and serves the southern section of the district and it is further divided into neighborhoods.
Sarıçam Municipality was incorporated in 2008 as a lower-tier municipality of the city of Adana, after the split of the northern section from Yüreğir district. The organs of the Sarıçam Municipality are the mayor, encümen (the executive committee) and the municipal council.
Mayor is the chief executive of the municipality, presides municipal departments and chairs the municipal council. Mayoral candidates are either nominated by National Parties or run independently. The mayor is elected by first past the post voting for a 5-year term. Bilal Uludağ is the mayor of Sarıçam since 2014. In the local elections in March 2014, they were elected with %47,7 of the popular votes.
|-
|1
|MHP
|align="right"|Bilal Uludağ
|align="right"|36,813
|align="right"|47,7
|-
|2
|AKP
|align="right"|Ahmet Zenbilci
|align="right"|29,290
|align="right"|37,9
|-
|3
|CHP
|align="right"|Cumali Yakan
|align="right"|7,989
|align="right"|10,3
|-
|4
|HDP
|align="right"|Mehmet Sait Meviş
|align="right"|1,252
|align="right"|1,6
|}
Encümen is the executive committee of the Sarıçam Municipality.The mayor presides the encümen and the committee consists of 7 members, 3 councilors elected from the municipal council, 3 department directors appointed by the mayor and the treasurer.
Municipal Council is the decision making organ of the Sarıçam Municipality. It is responsible for approving by-laws, founding, splitting or amalgamating neighborhoods, strategic planning, urban development planning and zoning, making investments, budgeting, loaning and controlling the mayor's activities. The chair of the council is the mayor. The council consists of 25 members. The candidates for the councilor positions are either nominated by National Parties or run independently. The councilors are elected by the d'Hondt method, where the whole municipality is one electoral district and there is 10% threshold for a party to gain seat at the council. As with mayor, councilors are elected for a 5-year term. Turkish nationalist MHP leads the council with 14 members and conservative AKP has 11 members at the council.
Villages
Villages are the smallest administrative units outside the urban areas. Villages are administered by the muhtar and the Village Seniors Council. The council can have 4, 5 or 6 members depending on the population of the village. Unlike the neighborhood muhtars, village muhtars are granted special powers and the village administration is considered to be a governmental body.
In Sarıçam district, there are total of 37 villages scattered at the northern section of the district.
Neighborhoods
Neighborhoods (Mahalle) are administered by the muhtar and the Neighborhood Seniors Council consisting of 4 members. Muhtar and the Senior Council are elected for 5 years at the local elections and are not affiliated with political parties. Neighborhoods are not an incorporation therefore do not hold government status. Muhtar although being elected by the residents, acts merely as an administrator of the district governor. Muhtar also voices the neighborhood issues to the municipal hall together with the Seniors Council.
Sarıçam has total of 29 neighborhoods, 17 of the neighborhoods are in the urban area, 12 of them are outside.
Neighborhoods in the urban area
There are 17 urban neighborhoods in the Sarıçam municipality. 4 of these neighborhoods are ceded from Yüreğir municipality and the rest are the neighborhoods of the former Sofulu, İncirlik and Buruk municipalities.
Urban Neighborhoods ceded from Yüreğir district: The 4 neighborhoods are, Remzi Oğuz Arık, Çınarlı, Mehmet Akif Ersoy and Yıldırım Beyazıt.
Sofulu: The 8 neighborhoods are, Esentepe, Orhangazi, Sofudede, Şahintepe, Yeşiltepe, Yavuz Sultan Selim, Beyceli and Gültepe.
İncirlik: The 3 neighborhoods are, Hürriyet, Kemalpaşa and Yeni Mahalle.
Buruk: The 2 neighborhoods are, İstiklal and Cumhuriyet.
Neighborhoods outside the urban area
As the city borders expanded the municipalities and villages in the new limits of the city are annexed to the city. Neighborhoods of the former municipalities and former villages then became part of the Sarıçam district as neighborhoods. There are total of 12 non-urban neighborhoods in Sarıçam.
Non-urban neighborhoods ceded from Yüreğir district: The 4 neighborhoods are, Çarkıpare, Bayramhacılı, Boybuyoğun and Ayvalı
Kürkçüler: The 4 neighborhoods are, Göztepe, Müminli, Yürekli and Dağcı.
Suluca: The 2 neighborhoods are, Karşıyaka and Acıdere.
Baklalı: The 2 neighborhoods are, Küçükbaklalı and Büyükbaklalı.
References
Populated places in Adana Province
Districts of Adana Province
The Australian Jazz Quartet (AJQ), also known as the Australian Jazz Quintet, was a jazz group active in the 1950s, best known for collaborations with Dave Brubeck, Gerry Mulligan and Carmen McRae.
Biography
The group was formed in 1953 by three Australians and one American. The group was unusual in that it featured bassoon, flute, and vibraphone along with the more conventional jazz instruments, saxophone, piano, bass, and drums. Australians Errol Buddle (bassoon and tenor saxophone), Bryce Rohde (piano), and Jack Brokensha (vibraphone and percussion) arrived in Windsor, Canada during 1952–1953. These three planned to form a group and tour the US, but visa difficulties initially prevented this, so they settled down to local work in Windsor. Then, Phil MacKellar, a Jazz DJ at CBE Windsor, arranged for them to record radio programs and for Brokensha and Rohde to play at the Killarney Castle in downtown Windsor. This led to Brokensha appearing across the border in Detroit on a local WXYZ-TV show and for them to obtain employment visas enabling the three musicians to play in the US. They soon met American Richard J. “Dick” Healey (alto sax, clarinet, flute, bass, b. 1929, d. 2000, Youngstown, OH) at recording sessions in Detroit, and together the four musicians began playing as a quartet on weekly TV shows and performances at the Kleins Jazz Club.
Early 1954 appearances on the Detroit WXYZ-TV show "Soupy's On" led comedian Soupy Sales to recommend the group to a Detroit suburb club owner Ed Sarkesian
to accompany jazz vocalist Chris Connor for two weeks at the club (Rouge Lounge in River Rouge, a Detroit suburb) and to have the group perform between each of their sets. Since Buddle had been playing bassoon regularly with the Windsor Symphony, Healey and Rohde quickly decided to make arrangements for the flute-bassoon-vibes combination, giving the group a distinctive sound. This unusual instrumentation created much interest in the quartet, not only from jazz enthusiasts, but also from classical music aficionados. During the two-week engagement with Connor, Sarkesian contacted Joe Glaser of Associated Booking Corporation in New York. Sarkesian named the group the Australian Jazz Quartet/Quintet, and based on a quickly recorded 78 disk, they garnered a five-year contract with ABC and Bethlehem Records for the group. Sarkesian then became the group's personal manager, which worked out very well because they also soon became a major promoter of jazz concerts and festivals.
Under the new arrangement with ABC the AJQ performed at the Blue Note in Chicago and on a concert in Washington DC. with the Dave Brubeck Quartet, the Modern Jazz Quartet, and Carmen McRae. Soon they began playing at clubs like The Hickory House, Birdland (jazz club), Basin Street, and the Roundtable in New York; the Blue Note, Modern Jazz Room, and Robert's Show Room in Chicago; Storyville in Boston; Jazz City in Los Angeles; Macumba in San Francisco; Sonny's Lounge in Denver; Peacock Alley in St. Louis; Rouge Lounge in Detroit; Peps and Blue Note in Philadelphia; Midway Lounge in Pittsburgh; Colonial in Toronto, Ball & Chain in Miami and many others. At many of these clubs the AJQ shared the band stand with well-known groups such as the Dave Brubeck Quartet, Les Brown Orchestra, Johnny Smith Quartet, Bud Shank Quartet, Miles Davis, Pete Jolly Trio, J. J. Johnson, Max Roach-Clifford Brown Quintet, Art Blakey Quintet, Teddy and Marty Napoleon Quartet, Bud Powell Trio, Thelonious Monk, Conte Candoli/Al Cohn Quintet, Ahmad Jamal Trio, Don Shirley Trio, Lee Konitz Quartet, Woody Herman, Billie Holiday and others.
In 1955 the constraint of not having a bass when Healey played reeds saw them add a dedicated bass player: firstly Jimmy Gannon, then Jack Lander, and finally Ed Gaston (b. 1929, Rodhiss, NC - d. 2012, Sydney, Aust), turning them into the Australian Jazz Quintet.
National concert tours took place in 1955–57. In 1955 there was the "Modern Jazz Show" with the Dave Brubeck Quartet, Gerry Mulligan, and Carmen McRae. In 1956 there was "Music For Moderns" with Count Basie, Erroll Garner, the Kai Winding Septet, the Chico Hamilton Quintet, and the Gerry Mulligan Quartet. In 1957, there was again "Music For Moderns" with the George Shearing Quintet, the Gerry Mulligan Quintet, Chico Hamilton, Helen Merrill, Cannonball Adderley, and Miles Davis. These tours included performances at major concert halls, including Carnegie Hall in New York.
The AJQ appeared on several national television shows, the most notable being the Steve Allen Tonight Show, The Dave Garroway Today Show, The Arthur Godfrey Show, In Town Tonight Chicago, and the Ed Mackenzie and Soupy Sales Shows from ABC in Detroit. On the Radio they were heard on CBS's "Woolworth Hour", NBC's "Monitor", and ABC's "Parade of the Bands".
During 1955 to 1958 the AJQ recorded seven albums under the Bethlehem label. The first album, distinguished by its cover illustrated by four side-by-side kangaroos, was a 10" LP recorded in February 1955 and featured arrangements of eight standard songs. A 12" version of this album, released in 1956, added three standards and one original song by bassist Jimmy Gannon, who also assisted on the recording. Meanwhile, another album, this one with scores of kangaroos on its cover, was released with 10 songs including two originals, one by Gannon and the other by Healey.
In 1958 the group traveled to Australia for The Australian Concert Tour for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC). Also, there were TV and radio broadcasts, and, in Melbourne and Sydney, there were concerts with Sammy Davis Jr. These performances were broadcast nationally by the ABC. After the 1958 tour the group members decided to terminate the AJQ and become independent performing and recording artists. However, reunion concerts occurred in Adelaide in 1986 and 1993, and a recording of the 1993 concert was distributed.
Discography
LPs
Australian Jazz Quartet (Bethlehem Records, Bethlehem BCP-1031, 1955)
The Australian Jazz Quartet (Bethlehem BCP-6003, 1955)
Australian Jazz Quartet/Quintet (Bethlehem BCP-6002, 1956)
Australian Jazz Quartet/Quintet (UK London Jazz LTZ-N15065, 1957)
The Australian Jazz Quintet: at the Varsity Drag (Bethlehem BCP-6012, 1956)
Australian Jazz Quintet Plus One: Jazz in D Minor (Bethlehem BCP-6015, 1957)
Rodgers & Hammerstein (Bethlehem BCP-6022, 1957)
Free Style (Bethlehem BCP-6029, 1958)
Three Penny Opera (Bethlehem BCP-6030, 1958)
CDs
The Australian Jazz Quintet Plus One: Reunion (AEM Record Group, AEM 25801-2, Farmington Hills, Michigan, 1994)
The Australian Jazz Quintet: at the Varsity Drag ( Bethlehem BCP-6012 reissued, Avenue Jazz, R2 75911, Los Angeles, 2000)
Australian Jazz Quartet (Bethlehem BCP-6003 reissued, TOCJ-62097, Japan, 2001)
References
Australian jazz ensembles
Musical groups established in 1953
Musical groups disestablished in 1958
1953 establishments in Canada
1958 disestablishments in Australia
Ward No. 136, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 15, covering parts of Metiabruz in Garden Reach neighbourhood in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
The establishment and evolution of Kolkata Municipal Corporation followed a long process starting from around the middle of the 19th century. The Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 and certain steps taken thereafter saw the addition of peripheral areas in the eastern and southern parts of the city to the corporation area. In 1888, there were 75 commissioners, 50 of whom were elected, 15 appointed by the government and 10 nominated from bodies like Chambers of Commerce, Trades Associations and the Port Commissioners. The Calcutta Municipal Act of 1923 brought about important changes. The adjacent municipalities of Cossipore, Chitpore, Manicktola and Garden Reach, as well as the New Dock Extension area, were amalgamated with Kolkata. Garden Reach was later taken out.
Post-independence developments saw the introduction of adult franchise in municipal elections in 1962. The number of wards increased from 75 to 100. Tollygunge was merged with Kolkata in 1953. The Calcutta Municipal Corporation Act 1980, which came into effect in 1984, extended the boundaries of Kolkata by including South Suburban, Garden Reach and Jadavpur municipalities in Kolkata. With the addition of Joka to Kolkata, the number of wards rose to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 136 is bordered on the north by S.A. Farooquie Road (Akra Road) and Mudialy Road; on the east by Bichali Ghat Lane, Dhankheti Khal, Mudiali Road and Fatepur 2nd Lane; on the south by Ramdas Hati mouza; and on the west by Shimpukur Lane and Santoshpur Road.
The ward is served by Metiabruz police station of Kolkata Police.
Watgunge Women police station, located at 16, Watgunge Street, Kolkata-700023, covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the Port Division i.e. North Port, South Port, Watgunge, West Port, Garden Reach, Ekbalpur, Nadial, Rajabagan and Metiabruz.
Demographics
As per the 2011 Census of India, Ward No. 136, Kolkata Municipal Corporation, had a total population of 21,482, of which 11,022 (51%) were males and 10,460 (49%) were females. Population below 6 years was 2,034. The total number of literates in Ward No. 136 was 16,532 (85.01% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Metiaburuz (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
External links
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
The Battle That Made Britain is a 2006 BBC Television documentary telling the Battle of Culloden.
BBC television documentaries about history during the 18th and 19th centuries
Hoàng Thị Thùy or Hoàng Thùy ( ; born 15 March 1992) is a Vietnamese model and beauty pageant titleholder. They began their career in 2011, after winning cycle two of Vietnam's Next Top Model. Eight years later, they were sashed as Miss Universe Vietnam 2019 to represent Vietnam at Miss Universe 2019 and placed in the Top 20.  They are often considered one of the most successful Vietnamese models on international runway as well as of Vietnamese 1990s-born model generation.
Background and education
Thùy was born and raised in the commune of Thiền Lâm, Tĩnh Gia District, Thanh Hóa Province of Vietnam to a poor family of four daughters. When they were young, they used to sell rice cakes on coach buses to assist their family. Despite financial struggles, their family continued to support their daughters to continue their education. Thùy graduated from Tĩnh Gia 1 High School in 2010. They were a sophomore majoring in industrial design at Hanoi Architectural University before participating in the second season of Vietnam's Next Top Model and pursuing modelling afterwards. In 2016, they started enrolling in fashion design courses at Central Saint Martins in London.
Career
Vietnam's Next Top Model
In 2011, Thùy joined Vietnam's Next Top Model cycle 2. Throughout the cycle, Thùy performed consistently well and only landed in the bottom two once. In the season finale, Thùy was announced to be the winner over the runners-up Trà My and Lê T. Thúy. In 2015, it was revealed that Tyra Banks, creator of the Top Model franchise and also the special judge of the season 2 finale, fought for Thùy to become the winner of that cycle.
Post show career
They joined Top Model of the World 2012 in Berlin, Germany where they placed in the Top 15 and also won the Best Catwalk Award. Thùy started working both domestically and internationally as soon as they left Vietnam's Next Top Model. They were rejected multiple times by agencies in New York, Paris and London. In February 2014, they went to London to try out for its fashion week's casting calls without having an agency. With no personal contacts, they sent their portfolio by email to all the designers participating in Autumn/Winter 2014 London Fashion Week via any channels they could find. They first heard back from Jean Pierre Braganza and proceeded to successfully book 4 shows that season, which was a turning point in their international career. Since then, they have walked the runways of New York Fashion Week, London Fashion Week and Vietnam International Fashion Week. Thanks to their outstanding achievements, Hoàng Thùy was named in Forbes Vietnam's 30 Under 30 list in early 2015. They signed with PRM Models in London in 2015 and landed a fashion spread on Elle as well as Grazia shortly after, becoming the first Vietnamese model to do so. The same year, Thùy made an appearance on BBC One's The Clothes Show and was the only Asian model in that edition's cast.
In 2017, they became a coach in the second season of The Face Vietnam. Throughout the show, general viewers called Thùy "the master of proverbs" due to their tendency to use Vietnamese proverbs in their confessions.
Miss Universe Vietnam 2017
Shortly after season two of The Face Vietnam ended, it was revealed that Thùy had signed up to join Miss Universe Vietnam 2017. They were a favorite throughout the competition. Ultimately, Thùy was named as the 1st Runner-up and received the People's Choice Award. The top three of the competition were all Vietnam's Next Top Model alumnae with the winner H'Hen Niê participating in cycle 6 (finishing 8th), Thùy winning cycle 2 and Mâu T. Thanh Thủy winning cycle 4. Due to the biennial hosting of Miss Universe Vietnam, the next edition would be held in 2019. Thus, Hoàng Thùy has a chance to represent Vietnam at Miss Universe 2019 if the pageant is held sooner than the country's selection that year.
Miss Universe 2019
On 6 May 2019, Thùy was officially appointed to be Vietnam's representative at Miss Universe 2019 after they placed 1st runner-up in Miss Universe Vietnam 2017. Thùy competed in Miss Universe 2019 and placed in the Top 20 as they were one of the five most outstanding candidates from Africa and Asia Pacific.
Titles, Awards and Nominations
Competitions and Pageants
Awards and nominations
References
1992 births
Living people
Miss Universe 2019 contestants
Next Top Model winners
People from Thanh Hóa province
Vietnamese beauty pageant winners
Vietnamese expatriates in England
Vietnamese female models
21st-century Vietnamese women
