Pleogibberella is a genus of fungi in the family Nectriaceae.
External links
Nectriaceae genera
Airedale Boat Club is a waterway society on the Leeds and Liverpool Canal in West Yorkshire, England. It was founded in 1959 and its base is situated very close to the Bingley Five Rise Locks flight.
The Aims of the club are "to provide the best facilities for our Members that our income allows, whilst keeping the cost to Members at an affordable level."
The club is a member of the Association of Waterways Cruising Clubs.
See also
List of waterway societies in the United Kingdom
External links
British Waterways West Riding User Group meeting: Airedale Boat Club represented
Bradford Council canal map featuring Airedale Boat Club site
The Telegraph and Argus, 20/8/98, article: "Prayers in pub for canal boat survivors"/ comment from Airedale Boat Club
Jim Shead's site: Airedale Boat Club's website wins second place in competition
Airedale Boat Club website
Clubs and societies in West Yorkshire
Waterways organisations in England
1959 establishments in England
Hamilton High School, or HHS, is a public four-year high school located at 1100 Keokuk Street in Hamilton, Illinois, a small city in Hancock County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States. HHS is part of Hamilton Community Unit School District 328, which serves the communities of Hamilton and Elvaston, and also includes Hamilton Junior High School, and Hamilton Elementary School. The campus is located 35 miles west of Macomb, Illinois, and serves a mixed small city, village, and rural residential community. The school does not lie within a metropolitan or micropolitan statistical area.
Academics
In 2009 Hamilton Junior/Senior High School made Adequate Yearly Progress, with 58% of high school students meeting standards, on the Prairie State Achievement Examination, a state test that is part of the No Child Left Behind Act. The school's average high school graduation rate between 1999–2009 was 96%.
Athletics
Hamilton High School competes in the West Central Conference and is a member school in the Illinois High School Association. The HHS mascot is the Titans, with school colors of red, black, and white. Hamilton coops with neighboring Warsaw High School for most athletics, under the team name West Hancock.
History
References
External links
Hamilton Schools
Public high schools in Illinois
Schools in Hancock County, Illinois
Smile is a 2009 English language Italian horror/thriller film starring Armand Assante. It is the debut feature by Francesco Gasperoni.
A sequel was planned for release in late 2020 tentatively titled Smile II: Tollinger in the Mood.
Plot
A group of college friends go on holiday to Morocco, and when one of them loses their camera they buy an instant camera from a mysterious man at a curio shop. However, the camera seems to be cursed, as everyone whose picture is taken with it ends up dying under mysterious circumstances. The remaining members must race to decipher the supernatural clues in the photos to save themselves.
Cast
References
English-language Italian films
2009 films
2009 horror films
2000s English-language films
2000s Italian films
Dhoomketu (The Comet) is a 1949 action adventure film directed by Homi Wadia. Made under the Basant Pictures banner, the music was composed by A. Karim with lyrics by Rajjan and A. Karim. Raja Sandow an early hero and director of films played a supporting role in this film. The film starred Fearless Nadia, John Cawas, Sona Chatterji, Dalpat, Boman Shroff, Ram Singh and Raja Sandow.
The setting is soon after India's Independence and Inspector Comet has been put in charge of getting rid of black-marketeers.
Plot
Seth Dharmadas is a respectable man in society who is shown as a humanitarian helping the needy women of society. However, their evil deeds are not known to many.  They are one of the biggest black-marketeers in a time when the grain is scarce. Inspector Dayal is helped by their daughter Shanti and Inspector Comet in finding the guilty. When Dayal gets near the truth they are killed off by Dharamdas. Mohini Comet's fiancée and Shanti along with others help in catching the villain after a frantic round of action and chase scenes.
Cast
Fearless Nadia
John Cawas
Sona Chatterji
Dalpat
Boman Shroff
Ram Singh
Raja Sandow
Habib
Music
References
External links
1940s Hindi-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Films directed by Homi Wadia
1940s action adventure films
Indian action adventure films
Niagara Falls Hydraulic Power & Manufacturing Company was an American company, based in Niagara Falls, New York that was the first company to generate hydroelectric power from Niagara Falls in 1882. The company built upon several predecessor companies efforts to construct a canal used for hydraulic mill power. In 1918, the company merged with Niagara Falls Power Company, which later became Niagara Mohawk and in 2002 was acquired by National Grid plc.
Early history
Porter, Barton and Company
In 1805, "Porter, Barton & Company," which comprised Augustus Porter, Peter Porter, Benjamin Barton, and Joseph Anim, purchased the Niagara River and the American Falls from New York at a public auction. The purchase also included the water rights from above the upper rapids to below the Falls. The company portaged goods by land from Lake Erie to Lewiston on the Niagara River, then shipped them east on Lake Ontario. When the Erie Canal opened in 1825, it made the portage obsolete and plans to develop Niagara Falls suffered. Augustus proposed a hydraulic mill canal in 1847 and offered the right of way for the canal to any person ready to build it, but the Porter brothers died before interest in the project led to construction.
Company history
Niagara Falls Hydraulic Company
In 1852, Caleb Smith Woodhull and their associates purchased the land and the water rights from the heirs of the Porter brothers with the intention to build a canal, and in 1853 formed the "Niagara Falls Hydraulic Company." A grant was obtained from the owners of a strip of land 100 ft. wide extending from a point above the upper rapids to the high bank below the Falls. The company started with the construction of the canal in 1853 but stopped after sixteen months because construction costs of the canal significantly exceeded estimates and the company went bankrupt.
Niagara Falls Water Power Company
In 1856, Stephen N. Allen bought the company, which was renamed the "Niagara Falls Water Power Company." The company completed the entrance and river portion of the canal by 1857, with the exception of a narrow extension at the south end of the basin which was completed in 1881.
Niagara Falls Canal Company
In 1860, Horace H. Day purchased the company and renamed it the "Niagara Falls Canal Company." At an investment of $1.5 million, () the canal was finally completed in 1861, but could not be used because of the American Civil War. After completing the canal project, it was idle until 1875 when the canal's first customer, Charles B. Gaskill's "Cataract City Milling Company", was using the water of the canal to power the milling company's flour grist mill.
Niagara Falls Hydraulic Power and Manufacturing Company
In 1877, as the company had only attracted one client, it declared bankruptcy and was auctioned off. The company interests were bought for $71,000 () by Jacob F. Schoellkopf, who in 1878 formed the "Niagara Falls Hydraulic Power and Manufacturing Company" to use the canal. After the transfer of the property, Schoellkopf finished the excavating, but the canal remained idle for a few years. The work on the power plant began and the canal was enlarged in 1892. By 1896, power plant number two had been completed and was supplying power to different factories about Niagara Falls. Many additions and extensions were made to the original plant, and company began to work on a new plant, called plant number three, that when completed, was separate from the original plant around six or eight hundred feet to the north. The workings of the Hydraulic company were entirely below the first Upper Steel Arch Bridge.
Plant number two, which was one 100 ft. by 176 ft. in dimensions, generated an average of 34,000 continuous horsepower. The entire fall of the water in the canal from the forebay to the tailrace is 210 ft. The power canal, which taps the river at a point above Port Day, and runs throughout the city to a point below the Upper Steel Arch Bridge, furnished a steady supply of water year round. Just below Port Day is the beginning of the rapids, with a fall of more than 50 ft. in three-quarters of a mile. By cutting across a bend in the river the canal comes out at the cliff below the bridge the entire distance being about 4,400 ft. Built before the era of industrial production of alternating current, the electrical plant generated direct-current electricity, and only provided it within a range of two miles from the plant.
In 1898 the company built the Niagara Junction Railway to encourage industrial expansion in the area.
Hydraulic Power Company of Niagara Falls
In 1907, the New York Public Service Commission law was passed which regulated the rights of non-electrical corporations from engaging in the development of electric energy and distribution of it. Therefore, the hydraulic business of "Niagara Falls Hydraulic Power and Manufacturing Company" became the "Hydraulic Power Company of Niagara Falls" and "Cliff Electrical Distributing Company" was formed to distribute the power. The "Hydraulic Power Company" owned the building itself, the land, the penstocks, the turbines, and the water wheels.
The company furnished power to many of the largest factories and industrial companies in Niagara Falls, New York. Among the company's larger contracts for power is that for the Niagara Gorge Railroad, the Aluminum Company of America, The National Electrolytic Company, and many other large manufacturing interests in Niagara Falls.
As of 1908, officers of the company were George B. Mathews (president), William D. Olmsted (vice president) Arthur Schoellkopf (secretary and treasurer), Paul A. Schoellkopf (assistant secretary and treasurer), John L. Harper (chief engineer). The board of directors was composed of George B. Mathews, William D. Olmstead, Arthur Schoellkopf, Jacob F. Schoellkopf Jr., and J. L. Romer.
Cliff Electrical Distributing Company
The "Cliff Electrical Distributing Company," was an electrical corporation organized for the sole purpose of enabling the "Hydraulic Power Company" lawfully to distribute electric power. As of 1914, the main consumers of power from the "Hydraulic Power Company" were:
Aluminum Company of America – about 70,000 horsepower
Cliff Electrical Distributing Company – about 30,000–40,000 horsepower
Both the Aluminum Company of America and "Cliff Electrical Distributing Company" owned their electrical generators and electrical apparatus and the transmission machinery (the transmission lines which carry the power from the generators to the place where they use it) and the "Hydraulic Power Company" owned everything else.
In 1914, the directors of "Cliff Electrical Distributing Company" were: Peter P. Pfohl, Paul A. Schoellkopf, John Olmstead, C. P. Hugo Schoellkopf, and Jacob F. Schoellkopf Jr. The officers were: Peter P. Pfohl, president; Paul A. Schoellkopf, secretary and treasurer; and C. P. Hugo Schoellkopf, vice president.
Competitors
Niagara River Hydraulic Tunnel, Power, and Sewer Company
Schoellkopf's success in developing millsites led Charles B. Gaskill, of "Cataract City Milling Company", the canal's first customer in 1875, to believe that there would be a growing demand for power. Therefore, in 1886, Gaskill formed the "Niagara River Hydraulic Tunnel, Power, and Sewer Company" to meet the demand. Their company hired engineer, Thomas Evershed, to create a plan to develop power.
Evershed planned to use the mechanical power of waterwheels and turbines rather than generating electricity. They proposed twelve canals to direct water from the upper Niagara River to remove power production from the River bank. The canals would feed 238 waterwheel pits with water plunging into the pit, rotating the turbine, and redirected through a huge tunnel into the gorge below the Falls. It was determined that Evershed's plan was too expensive, so Edward Dean Adams and others decided to develop hydro-electric power. New plans called for a central generating station and a shortened version of Evershed's tunnel.
Niagara Falls Power Company
In 1889, developers organized the "Niagara Falls Power Company" and the "Cataract Construction Company" (incorporated June 12, 1889) to carry out the new plan. Edward Dean Adams, as president of the "Cataract Construction Company," directed plans to construct a central generating plant and to solve the problem of transmitting electricity over long distances. Adams and the "Cataract Construction Company" began constructing a central power station immediately, however, the problem of how to transmit electricity long distance was not yet solved. On December 20, 1892, the Evershed tunnel and the Edward Dean Adam's power house inlet canal are completed.
Therefore, the "Cataract Construction Company" sponsored the "International Niagara Commission", which met in London in June 1890 and was headed by Lord Kelvin. The commissioners offered a $100,000 () prize for a solution to the problem. The commission received seventeen submissions from experts around the world only to reject them all. The schemes ranged from a system using pneumatic pressure to one requiring ropes, springs and pulleys. Some proposed transmitting direct current electricity, including one endorsed by Thomas Edison.
On May 6, 1893, after the commission failed to award a winner, Lord Kelvin and the commission asked George Westinghouse to use alternating current to develop electricity at Niagara Falls. The construction lasted for several years and was funded by an interest composed of notable business person including: J. P. Morgan, John Jacob Astor IV, Lord Rothschild, and W. K. Vanderbilt. The Edward Dean Adams Power Plant, designed by McKim, Mead, and White, first produced power on August 26, 1895, and in November 1896, power generated from Niagara Falls reached Buffalo. The first 1,000 horsepower of electricity transmitted to Buffalo was claimed by the street railway company, with the local power company putting in orders for 5,000 more.
Similar to the "Hydraulic Power Company of Niagara Falls" arrangement with the "Cliff Electrical Distributing Company," the "Niagara Falls Power Company" sold power to the International Railway Company which obtained the right to install its rotary converters in the Niagara Power Company's generating station, but paid nothing additional (i.e. rent) for the installation.
Consolidation
In 1918, the "Cliff Electrical Distributing Company," the "Hydraulic Power Company of Niagara Falls," and the "Niagara Falls Power Company" merged due to government pressure for more efficient use of the Niagara River's water provided by the Boundary Waters Treaty of 1910. The consolidated company retained the name "Niagara Falls Power Company" and issued $26,000,000 () capital stock, common and preferred. The $26 million in capital stock was consisted of
$11,515,400 – 7% cumulative preferred capital stock
$14,484,600 – common capital stock
The $11,515,400 in preferred stock was distributed to the shareholders of "Niagara Falls Power Company." Of the $14,484,600 in common capital stock:
$540,000.00 – distributed to the shareholders of "Cliff Electrical Distributing Company"
$984,566.70 – distributed to the shareholders of "Niagara Falls Power Company"
$12,960,000 – distributed to the shareholders of "Hydraulic Power Company of Niagara Falls"
On March 2, 1921, the combined "Niagara Falls Power Company," secured a federal license from the Federal Power Commission, issued under the Federal Water Power Act of 1920 for a term of 50 years, that authorized the diversion of water for power purposes from the Niagara River, above Niagara Falls, and the return of it below the Falls, all in New York.
The "Niagara Falls Power Company" later became "Niagara Mohawk Power Corp." which was acquired by National Grid plc in 2002 for $3 billion ().
See also
List of New York companies
Peter Porter
Jacob F. Schoellkopf
Schoellkopf Power Station
List of Niagara Falls hydroelectric generating plants
References
1853 establishments in New York (state)
Companies established in 1853
Companies based in New York (state)
Hydroelectric power companies of the United States
Niagara Falls
Niagara Falls, New York
Maria of Saxony (; 15 December 1515 in Weimar – 7 January 1583 in Wolgast) was a member of the Ernestine line of the house Wettin and a Princess of Saxony by birth and by marriage a Duchess of Pomerania.
Life
Mary was the eldest daughter of the Elector John "the Steadfast" of Saxony (1468–1532) from their second marriage to Margaret of Anhalt-Köthen (1494–1521), daughter Prince of Waldemar VI of Anhalt-Zerbst.
They married on 27 February 1536 in Torgau Duke Philip I of Pomerania (1515–1560). The marriage of the couple is depicted on the so-called Croÿ Carpet, which shows, in addition to the bridal couple and their families, the Reformers Johannes Bugenhagen, Martin Luther and Philipp Melanchthon. The carpet comes from Cranach's workshop and is now in the Pomerania State Museum in Greifswald. During the ceremony, Martin Luther is reported to have dropped one of the rings, whereupen and they said: "Hey, devils this is none of your business!.
The marriage of Philip with Maria was meant to ally Pomerania with Saxony, which was leading the evangelical faction in the Diet. The marriage had been mediated by the Reformer Johannes Bugenhagen. Later that year, Pomerania joined the Schmalkaldic League.
After their husband's death Mary, who had been promised the district of the Pudagla as their Wittum, initially continued living at Wolgast Castle. In 1569, their son Ernest Louis, took over the business of government in the Duchy and granted them the income from the land of the former monastery Pudagla as jointure and in 1574, they built their Pudagla Castle using materials from the demolished monastery buildings.
Issue
From their marriage with Philip, Maria had the following children:
George (1540–1544)
John Frederick I (1542–1600), Duke of Pomerania-Wolgast
married in 1577 Princess Erdmuthe of Brandenburg (1561–1623)
Bogislaw XIII (1544–1606), Duke of Pomerania-Barth
married firstly, in 1572 Princess Claire of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1550–1598)
married secondly, in 1601 Princess Anne of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg (1577–1616)
Ernest Louis (1545–1592)
married in 1577 Princess Sophia Hedwig of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel (1561–1631)
Amalie (1547–1580)
Barnim X (1549–1603), Duke of Pomerania-Rügenwalde
married in Anna Maria of Brandenburg (1567–1618)
Eric (1551–1551)
Margaret (1553–1581)
married in 1574 Duke Francis II of Saxe-Lauenburg (1547–1619)
Anna (1554–1626)
married in 1588 Duke Ulrich III of Mecklenburg-Güstrow (1528–1603)
Casimir VI (1557–1605), bishop of Cammin
Ancestry
References
Bibliography
Horst Robert Balz, Gerhard Krause, Gerhard Müller: Theologische Realenzyklopädie, vol. 27, de Gruyter, Berlin, 1997, p. 44 (Digitized)
Carola Jäggi, Jörn Staecker: Archäologie der Reformation, de Gruyter, Berlin, 2007, p. 355 ff (Digitized)
Heinrich Karl Wilhelm Berghaus: Landbuch des Herzogthums Pommern und des Fürstenthums Rügen'', vol. 1, Anklam, 1865, p. 544 (Digitized)
External links
Women in power 1540-1570
House of Griffins
House of Wettin
1515 births
1583 deaths
16th-century German people
Fred Wander (5 January 1917 – 10 July 2006) was an Austrian writer and Holocaust survivor.
Wander was born Fritz Rosenblatt in Vienna, they left school at 14 and worked as an apprentice in a textile mill, before travelling around Europe taking whatever jobs were going. They spent quite some time in pre-war Paris and this is where they first started to write. In 1938 after the German annexation of Austria, Wander escaped back to Paris via Switzerland. After France declared war on Germany in 1939 they were interned and eventually sent back to Austria, where they ended up in Auschwitz concentration camp, later being sent to Buchenwald concentration camp. Wander survived the camps and after World War II they lived in East Germany (GDR) from 1958 – 1983. It was while a resident in the GDR that in 1971 The Seventh Well () was published, it was an account of their experiences in the concentration camps. The book won much critical acclaim following a later re-release, including the 2009 JQ Wingate Prize.
In 1983, Wander left the GDR and moved back to their native Vienna. They continued to write up until their death.
External links
Wander's bibliography at Copac.
1917 births
2006 deaths
Writers from Vienna
Austrian Jews
Austrian male writers
East German writers
Heinrich Mann Prize winners
Auschwitz concentration camp survivors
Buchenwald concentration camp survivors
German male writers
Austrian emigrants to Germany
Thabani Mpofu is a prominent Zimbabwean commercial, constitutional, human rights, and political litigation lawyer as well as advocate of the High Court, Supreme Court of Zimbabwe and Constitutional Court of Zimbabwe.
Background
Born on the 13th of April 1982 in Ingezi Kadoma, Thabani Mpofu grew up in Kadoma where they had their early education at Mupawose Primary School and Munyaradzi Secondary School after which they joined Jameson High School for their “A” Levels. After high school, Mpofu enrolled for a Law Degree with the Great Zimbabwe University but following the closure of that university's faculty of law, they then joined the University of Zimbabwe to continue with their degree.
In 2008, their final year at the University of Zimbabwe, Thabani won both the ICRC national moot court competition with a team that included Fadzayi Mahere and Farai Mushoriwa. The team went on to win ICRC African moot court competition, where they were named the best speaker in the finals which came with an internship with the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) based in Arusha, Tanzania. Thabani Mpofu briefly worked as a Legal Researcher in the Office of the Trial Prosecutor and took part in the prosecution of Ephrem Setako.
Career
In 2009 Thabani joined the Bar of Zimbabwe as the youngest advocate in the country. In 2012, Thabani they formed a human rights trust called Thabani Mpofu Center for Justice. In 2015 they co-founded The Chambers - Advocates for Zimbabwe, which is the largest set of chambers in the Zimbabwe.
Thabani Mpofu has been involved major cases in commercial, constitutional and political litigation in Zimbabwe and has represented a significant number of companies on the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange as well as government officials, deposed presidents and other organisations. Thabani has been invited as amicus curiae to the Constitutional Court of Zimbabwe, Hight Court and Supreme Courts of Zimbabwe in complex litigation. In 2016 they were named in the JCI Zimbabwe Ten Outstanding Young Persons Award and has been included several times in top 40 of most influential young Zimbabweans in the various lists drawn in Zimbabwe.
Some of their notable cases is when they persuaded the Constitutional Court to declare an amendment to the Constitution as being unconstitutional, becoming the only lawyer to achieve that feat in the Constitutional Court of Zimbabwe. In 2012, Mpofu represented and won former Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai's bid to sue former president Robert Mugabe without seeking the leave of court, becoming the first case of that kind. In 2019 they lead a bid in the Constitutional Court against a High Court of Zimbabwe judgment that outlawed corporal punishment in Zimbabwe. In May 2021, Thabani obtained a judgment from three judges of the High Court which held that the term of office of Chief Justice Luke Malaba had come to an end and that the constitutional amendment that had been pushed by the ruling ZANU-PF party did not benefit him. Thabani is also responsible for the judgment of the Constitutional Court (Chidyausiku CJ) which struck down as unconstitutional a provision in the Criminal Procedure and Evidence Act which gave the Prosecutor General the power to suspend the ruling of a court on bail pending an appeal.
2018 Zimbabwean Presidential Election Petition
In August 2018, Advocate Thabani Mpofu represented Zimbabwe's main opposition leader Nelson Chamisa in a petition to challenge the outcome of the 2018 Zimbabwe presidential election which was presented by the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission and the proceedings were broadcast live on state television for the first time in the country's history which led to them becoming more popular and some artists released some songs dedicated to him.
Positions held
Council of Legal Education lecturer
Medical Council of Zimbabwe board
Veterinary Council of Zimbabwe board
Judicial Services of Zimbabwe board
Chairman for Council of Advocates
References
Living people
University of Zimbabwe alumni
21st-century Zimbabwean lawyers
1982 births
{{Infobox song
| name = Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy
| cover = Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy cover.jpg
| caption = Dutch picture sleeve
| alt =
| type = single
| artist = the Kinks
| album = Kinda Kinks (US edition)'
| B-side = "Who'll Be the Next in Line"
| released = 19 March 1965
| recorded = 22–23 December 1964
| studio = Pye, London
| venue =
| genre =
| length =
| label = Pye 7N 15813 (UK)Reprise 0366 (US)
| writer = Ray Davies
| producer = Shel Talmy
| chronology = The Kinks UK
| prev_title = Tired of Waiting for You
| prev_year = 1965
| title2 = Who'll Be the Next in Line
| next_title = Set Me Free
| next_year = 1965
| misc =
}}
"Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy" is a song by Ray Davies, released as a UK single by the Kinks in 1965. As the follow-up to the number-one hit "Tired of Waiting for You", and having their previous three singles all chart among the top two, it was less successful, reaching number 17. It broke a run of what would have been thirteen consecutive top-ten singles in the UK.
The song was written as a musical experiment, rather than as an intended single, according to Davies in an interview, where they also claimed that the demo became the master version of it.
Background
Both sides of the single were recorded in December 1964 in the same session as the B-side and final overdubs for "Tired of Waiting for You". "Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy" drew inspiration from the Earl Van Dyke trio, whom the Kinks had previously toured with. Upon hearing the playback, the Kinks producer Shel Talmy was skeptical of the single's release, as they did not like the sound, in contrast to Davies who was convinced that it would become a hit.
Following the disappointing performance in the UK, Reprise held off releasing the single in the US. They did release follow-up "Set Me Free" but when the next UK single "See My Friends" was judged to be even less suitable, they flipped the "Ev'rybody..." single with "Who'll Be the Next in Line" as the A-side, releasing it four months after the UK version. Although only a moderate hit, reaching number 34, it was more successful than "See My Friends" which, when it was eventually released in the US in September, failed to reach the Billboard Hot 100 (peaking at #111).
As well as being the US B-side, "Ev'rybody's Gonna Be Happy" was included as the first track on side 2 of the US version of the Kinda Kinks album.Cash Box'' described it as a "catchy, high-spirited, rhythmic multi-beat teen-oriented terpsichorean item."
Personnel
According to band researcher Doug Hinman:
The Kinks
Ray Davies lead vocal, piano
Dave Davies backing vocal, electric guitar
Pete Quaife backing vocal, bass
Mick Avory drums
Additional musicians
Rasa Davies backing vocal
Unidentified girlfriends of band members backing vocals
Charts
References
Sources
External links
The Official Ray Davies Web Site
1965 singles
The Kinks songs
Song recordings produced by Shel Talmy
Songs written by Ray Davies
Pye Records singles
1965 songs
Reprise Records singles
Bonjour Tristesse (officially referred to as Wohnhaus Schlesisches Tor) is a building in Kreuzberg, a borough of Berlin, designed by architect Álvaro Siza Vieira and completed in 1984. It was the architect's first completed building outside of Portugal. Before the building's construction, the site held several single-story retail stores. The building was constructed as social housing, primarily for Turkish immigrants to Germany. The name of the building translates from French to "Hello Sadness".
References
Buildings and structures in Berlin
Buildings and structures completed in 1984
Álvaro Siza Vieira buildings
Jeffrey Scott Darwin (born July 6, 1969) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. They played three seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners and Chicago White Sox.
Career
Darwin attended Bonham High School in Bonham, Texas where they played baseball, basketball and football and ran track and field. Darwin was selected by the Seattle Mariners in the 46th round of the Major League Baseball draft after high school but instead accepted a scholarship to play college baseball at Alvin Community College in Alvin, Texas. The Mariners selected them in the thirteenth round of the following season's draft and they chose to sign. They were assigned to the Bellingham Mariners of the Northwest League to begin their professional career. Darwin was converted from a starting pitcher to a relief pitcher during the 1992 season while pitching for the Peninsula Pilots. Years later, Darwin told the Daily Press that the move had "worked out perfectly" for their career. Following the 1992 season, they were added to the team's 40-man roster.
On June 27, 1993, the Mariners traded Darwin to the Florida Marlins along with Henry Cotto in exchange for Dave Magadan. Darwin pitched poorly in their brief time in the Marlins' farm system and was traded back to Seattle that offseason, again in exchange for Magadan. Darwin got the news while pitching in the Mexican Pacific League.
Darwin made their Major League debut on June 13, 1994, with the Mariners against the Texas Rangers. According to the Chicago Tribune, "[n]erves got him" in their brief stint with the Mariners. They gave up six runs in four innings pitched and, "[f]or practical purposes, they were finished with the Mariners." They returned to the minor leagues the following season and was named a Triple-A All-Star in 1995.
On October 9, 1995, the Mariners traded Darwin to the Chicago White Sox as the player to be named later in a July trade which had brought them outfielder Warren Newson. During spring training in 1996, they roomed with their brother, Danny Darwin, who was in camp with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Darwin was called up to the majors from Triple-A Nashville on July 3, 1996, and was used somewhat lightly in relief for the remainder of the season. Prior to the 1997 season, the White Sox signed Danny Darwin and the brothers were united on the same team for the first time in their lives. The elder Darwin would be traded away before the younger Darwin could appear in a game for the White Sox, however. On August 17, 1997, the White Sox added Darwin to the roster after Bill Simas was placed on the disabled list. They played out the rest of the year on the Major League roster. It would be their final season at the big league level.
Prior to the 1998 season, Darwin signed with the San Francisco Giants where they were again reunited in spring training with their older brother. Darwin spent the season in the minor leagues and finished tied for second place in the Pacific Coast League in saves. The following year, Darwin appeared in only eight games in the San Diego Padres farm system due at least in part to shoulder problems. It would be their final season in professional baseball.
Darwin began serving as a pitching coach at Benson High School in Benson, Arizona in 2016.
Personal life
Their older brother is fellow Major League pitcher Danny Darwin, though they were 14 years apart and, according to Danny, had a relationship "more like father and son." Their middle brother played college baseball at Southeastern Oklahoma State and coached baseball at North Central Texas College. Darwin's nephew played baseball at Texas Tech. , they had at least three daughters, Heather, Emily and Jamey. Emily had committed to play college softball at Yavapai College.
References
External links
"Jeff Darwin Statistics". The Baseball Cubes. 16 January 2008.
"Jeff Darwin Statistics". Baseball-Reference. 16 January 2008.
1969 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Baseball players from Texas
Bellingham Mariners players
Calgary Cannons players
Chicago White Sox players
Edmonton Trappers players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Jacksonville Suns players
Las Vegas Stars (baseball) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Nashville Sounds players
Peninsula Pilots players
People from Sherman, Texas
Seattle Mariners players
Tacoma Rainiers players
San Bernardino Spirit players
Gragnano is a municipality in the Metropolitan City of Naples in southern Italy's Campania.
Gragnano may also refer to:
Gragnano, frazione of Capannori, municipality in the Province of Lucca in the Italian region Toscana
Gragnano, frazione of Sansepolcro, municipality in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region Toscana
Gragnano Trebbiense, municipality in the Province of Piacenza in the Italian region, Emilia-Romagna
Gragnano Products, Inc., an American food company
Società Sportiva Calcio Gragnano, an Italian association football club based in Gragnano, Campania
Star Wars: The Old Republic: Revan is part of the Star Wars expanded universe. Written by Drew Karpyshyn and released on November 15, 2011, Revan fills in the gaps between the RPG games Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith Lords, as well as providing a backstory for events in the MMORPG Star Wars: The Old Republic.
Characters
Revan, Jedi Master (human male)
Lord Scourge, Sith Apprentice, later the Emperor's Wrath (Sith male)
Meetra Surik, Jedi Knight (human female)
Canderous Ordo, Mandalorian mercenary (human male)
Bastila Shan, Jedi Knight (human female)
T3-M4, astromech (droid)
Darth Nyriss, member of the Dark Council (Sith female)
Sechel, adviser to Darth Nyriss (Sith male)
Murtog, security chief to Darth Nyriss (human male)
Darth Xedrix, member of the Dark Council (human male)
The Sith Emperor, identified as Lord Vitiate (Sith male)
Vella Ordo, Mandalorian (Female)
Plot
The novel begins two years after the events of Knights of the Old Republic and begins with Revan living on Coruscant, now married to Bastila Shan, on the outs with the Jedi Order and experiencing horrible insomnia due to nightmares they believe are part of their forgotten past as the Sith Lord Darth Revan. Desperate for information on their past they try to get in contact with a former subordinate of theirs from the Mandalorian Wars named Meetra Surik (The Exile, the main character from Knights of the Old Republic II – The Sith Lords) but finds out that they had been dismissed from the Jedi Order and has left Republic space. A meeting with their old friend Canderous Ordo provides Revan with another chance to regain their memories; a group of Mandalorians are searching for the mask of Mandalore The Ultimate, the traditional leader of the Mandalorian people. The mask was taken by Revan after defeating Mandalore and hidden away to prevent the Mandalorians from regrouping and to break their spirit. Before leaving, they learn from Bastila that they are pregnant; despite their protests Revan convinces them to stay as they don't know how long they will be gone.
On the planet Dromund Kaas and unbeknownst to the Republic, the Sith Empire has rebuilt itself after being driven away by the Republic a thousand years earlier. A Sith Apprentice named Scourge is caught up in a rivalry between members of the Sith's Dark Council and is eventually employed by Darth Nyriss to root out traitors and threats to their safety. Scourge carries out their duties, despite growing concerns that Nyriss is trying to have them killed. After earning Nyriss's trust by killing Darth Xedrix, the Sith Master confides in Scourge their plan to overthrow the Emperor as they believe they are insane and will bring ruin to the Sith Empire. They take Scourge to the Emperor's homeworld of Nathema, which they find completely devoid life and the Force. Nyriss explains that a thousand years ago, a Sith Lord impregnated a farmer's wife who gave birth to the Emperor. Known then as Lord Vitiate, they eventually killed their parents once the truth of their parentage was revealed and through violence and terror eventually drove out the ruling Sith Lord. And after this, they became the new ruler of Nathema. After the Sith Empire lost their war against the Republic it was Lord Vitiate who picked up the pieces and held the Empire together. Scheming to obtain immortality, they and other Sith performed a ritual that killed every living thing on the planet (the other Sith included) and transferred their life energy to Vitiate. Nyriss fears that the Emperor plans to invade the Republic and risk the stability of the Empire as well as the well-being of the remaining Sith species, who were mercilessly hunted down by the Jedi.
After locating Mandalore's mask, Revan learns of Nathema from a recording they left behind that told them that Mandalore the Ultimate was approached by Sith to attack the Republic. Upon arriving at Nathema, Revan's ship The Ebon Hawk is shot down and Revan is captured by Scourge and Nyriss. Revan's droid, T3-M4 manages to eventually repair the ship and head back towards Republic space.
The book then jumps forward three years, right after the events of The Sith Lords. Meetra Surik arrives at the home of Bastila Shan and with T3-M4 in tow show Bastila a recording T3 made of Revan being abducted by Sith. Although jealous of the relationship Meetra and Revan had, they are relieved to hear that Meetra is set on retracing Revan's path and finding him. They arrives on Nathema and after searching through a municipal building learns of Dromund Kaas and sets out for the planet. Arriving on Dromund Kaas, they pass themselves off as a mercenary and eventually makes contact with Scourge who after seeing Nathema and talking with Revan has agreed that the Emperor is a danger to the Sith and must be stopped. After leaking information to the Emperor that Nyriss was a traitor, the Emperor decides to purge the entire Dark Council and sets their personal army upon them. During the chaos Scourge and Meetra manage to free Revan from their cell. Meetra gives Revan the mask that they wore during the Mandalorian Wars; upon wearing the mask all of Revan's memories return to him. After the end of the Mandalorian Wars, Revan and their friend Malak went out in search of the Sith Empire, but due to their corruption during the war, they were made susceptible to the Emperor's will and were converted to the Dark Side and sent back to weaken the Republic so the Sith Empire could return and take over, sparking the events of Knights of the Old Republic and The Sith Lords. Meetra and Scourge are attacked by Nyriss, but before they can kill them Revan approaches them and effortlessly kills the Sith Lord by directing their force lightning back into them This scene tells of Revan's power.
After resting and watching a message from Bastila and their son Vaner, whose name Revan realizes is an anagram of their own name, the three set out to eliminate the Emperor. Scourge, however, has visions after trying to learn the ways of the Jedi, perceives a Jedi Knight and the Emperor. The three fight their way to the Emperor's throne room and Revan engages the Emperor in combat. Meanwhile, Meetra and Scourge fight the guards. The Emperor is frighteningly powerful and nearly overwhelms Revan, and is only stopped when T3 sets the Emperor on fire with their flamethrower. The Emperor directs their lightning at T3, annihilating the faithful little droid. After this, Scourge and Meetra rush to Revan's aid. At this moment Scourge receives another vision; they are seeing the death of the Emperor at the hands of a Jedi Knight, but it is neither Meetra nor Revan. Understanding what needs to be done, Scourge stabs Meetra in the back, killing them instantly. A shocked Revan is distracted by this for a moment, and Vitiate then nearly electrocuted Revan to death. The Emperor demands an explanation from Scourge, and they lie to the Emperor saying this was all a ruse to flush out every traitor in the Empire. Vitiate orders Scourge to finish the job as a test of loyalty. Scourge obeys without hesitation, but is stopped by the Emperor before they can perform the coup de grâce, saying they have proven himself. Vitiate makes Scourge their personal enforcer, the Emperor's Wrath. Revan is placed in a suspension tank where they are constantly interrogated and tortured by the Emperor for information; unknown to the Emperor is that Revan is able to slightly impose their will upon the Emperor and intends to slow down their planned invasion of the Republic as long as they can so Bastila and their son will never see war. Scourge is rewarded with the Emperor's gift of immortality, though it is very painful and eventually robbed them of all feeling.
The book concludes many decades later with an elderly Bastila conversing with their son. They talk of Revan, and Vaner wonders if their father would have been disappointed that they never joined the Jedi Order but went into politics instead. Bastila assures them that they did the right thing, and that despite not knowing Revan's fate they know they succeeded because they were still alive and the darkness that Revan feared never came to pass. Bastila then goes to sleep, dreaming of their lost husband.
Reception
The Old Republic: Revan reached 8 on the New York Times bestseller list on December 4, 2011.
References
External links
Drew Karpyshyn's Website
2011 Canadian novels
2011 science fiction novels
Star Wars Legends novels
Canadian science fiction novels
Del Rey books
Fiction about memory erasure and alteration
Buffalo Rose is a modern folk/Americana band from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The current lineup includes singers Lucy Clabby, Margot Jezerc, and Shane McLaughlin (who also plays acoustic guitar), Malcolm "Mac" Inglis on dobro, Bryce Rabideau on mandolin, and Jason Rafalak on upright bass. Past members include singers Mariko Reid and Rosanna Spindler.
The band's style has been compared to The Lumineers and First Aid Kit, and the band has shared stages with acts such as The Infamous Stringdusters, Pokey LaFarge, and Tyler Childers. Group members have also cited influences including Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, the Punch Brothers, and Joni Mitchell.
History
The band originally formed when singers Shane McLaughlin, Lucy Clabby, and Mariko Reid joined with dobro player Mac Inglis to perform a rendition of the song “Momma Have Mercy” for the FoundSound Songwriter Series. The success of that performance led to the creation of a permanent group, subsequently rounded out by Bryce Rabideau and Jason Rafalak. They released their debut EP, Red Wagon, just six months later in November 2016. The response was enthusiastic, and the group was encouraged enough to start work on a full-length record. The resulting album, The Soil and the Seed, was released in March 2018 and was later named one of the top local albums of the decade. The album resulted the group being featured on radio stations 91.3 WYEP, 102.5 WDVE, and the "Friday Night Rocks" series on AT&T SportsNet Pittsburgh for Pittsburgh Pirates home games.
With Rosanna Spindler replacing Mariko Reid (who left to join blues-rock group The Commonheart) in the fall of 2018, the band began to move in a more pop-informed direction with their single "Rocketship" released in March 2019. Soon after, the band was featured on NPR Music's All Songs Considered for their Tiny Desk Concerts submission of the song "Born", and also began work on recording what would become the Big Stampede EP before signing to Misra Records in the fall of 2019. Big Stampede was released November 2019 by Misra, and the song "I Feel So Good" from the EP went on to reach number one at 91.3 WYEP in March 2020.
The band announced a follow-up record, Borrowed & Blue: Live Around One Microphone, which was released in May 2020. The six-song EP received positive reviews throughout the American folk community, with Bluegrass Today writing, “Anyone who has tried recording live knows how that process exposes imperfections, and doing so with a lone microphone requires tremendous preparation and careful attention to your performance within the band setting. But this young sextet is up to the task.” American Songwriter called it "light, delicate, poised, and calming," while Americana Highways warned readers, “Don't be surprised if the vocals give you goosebumps.” Music Mecca summed up many responses by describing it as "a must-listen for everyone with ears."
In the summer of 2020, amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, Spindler left the group, replaced by singer Margot Jezerc to create the band's final lineup. Jezerc first appeared on the 2021 single "I Can See Clearly Now", a cover of the Johnny Nash classic featuring R&B singer INEZ (later named one of the best songs of the year by WYEP).
Concurrently, while performing at the 2020 Folk Alliance International conference in New Orleans, the band was introduced to folk music legend Tom Paxton. Through their booking agent Stephanie Coronado (who was a mutual acquaintance), the band later reconnected with Paxton and began co-writing songs together. The first of these songs to be made public appeared on the EP Rabbit, credited to both Paxton and Buffalo Rose. Ahead of its release in February 2022, lead single "I Give You the Morning" reached number one on the FAI Folk Charts.
Following completion of Rabbit, the band announced that they had also finished recording their second full-length album, to be released at a later date.
Awards, honors, and nominations
Awards
Overall Grand Prize Winner - 18th Annual IAMA (International Acoustic Music Awards)
Best of Pittsburgh 2021 - Pittsburgh City Paper
Honors
2022 Official Showcasing Artist - South by Southwest
2022 Official Showcasing Artist - Folk Alliance International
January 2022 FAI Folk Chart, #1 Song - "I Give You the Morning"
January 2022 FAI Folk Chart, #6 Album - Rabbit
January 2022 FAI Folk Chart, #7 Artist - Buffalo Rose & Tom Paxton
WYEP Best Songs of 2021 - "I Can See Clearly Now"
Discography
Albums
The Soil and the Seed (self-released, 2018)
Again, Again, Again (Misra Records, 2022)
EPs
Red Wagon (self-released, 2016)
Big Stampede (Misra Records, 2019)
Borrowed & Blue: Live Around One Microphone (Misra Records, 2020)
Rabbit (Misra Records, 2022) - with Tom Paxton
Singles
The Last One (self-released, 2017)
Rocketship (self-released, 2019)
Rocketship (Chalk Dinosaur Remix) (Misra Records, 2020)
The Cosmos and the Canyon (Misra Records, 2020)
I Can See Clearly Now (featuring INEZ) (Misra Records, 2021)
References
External links
Buffalo Rose official website
@BuffaloRose Twitter
Musical groups established in 2016
Musical groups from Pittsburgh
Musical groups from Pennsylvania
American folk musical groups
American indie folk groups
American bluegrass music groups
Americana music groups
2016 establishments in Pennsylvania
Alexandros Masouras (; born 21 March 1998) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Veria.
Career
PAS Giannina
In August 2015, Masouras signed their first professional contract with PAS Giannina. They made only two appearances on the Greek Cup against Agrotikos Asteras and AEL Kalloni. They released free from PAS Giannina on summer 2017.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Gamma Ethniki players
Super League Greece 2 players
PAS Giannina F.C. players
Anagennisi Karditsa F.C. players
Apollon Paralimnio F.C. players
A.E. Karaiskakis F.C. players
Diagoras F.C. players
AO Chania F.C. players
Veria NFC players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Ioannina
Ramin Afad oglu Gurbanov (Garagurbanlı) () is an Azerbaijani lawyer, scholar, and the current president of the European Commission for the Efficiency of Justice (CEPEJ) of the Council of Europe.  They are also a judge of the Baku Court of Appeal, a member of the Management Board of the Union of Associations of Judges of the Republic of Azerbaijan, and the Head of the Department of International Law of the Institute of Law and Human Rights at the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences.  They are a Doctor of Law and Professor of the Department of Civil Law Disciplines at the Russian University of Economics.
Gurbanov is the head of the Ministry of Justice working group on establishment and implementation of the e-court system in Azerbaijan, an expert of international projects in the field of evaluation and organization of court systems in Europe, and a coordinator for the World Bank and Azerbaijan Government's joint large-scale projects on the modernization of Azerbaijan's court system.  They are also a member of the expert group on legal sciences (which is responsible for the verification and issue of scientific law degrees) of the High Attestation Commission under the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
Education
In 1990, Gurbanov graduated with a medal from Secondary School N134 in Baku. In 1995, they graduated with a diploma of honor from the Faculty of International Law and International Relations from Baku State University. From 1996 to 1998, they carried out their postgraduate studies in Baku State University. From 1997 to 2000, they continued their education in the military faculty of the Azerbaijan State Pedagogical University. In 2003, they graduated from the Academy of Public Administration and in 2006 from the Russian Law Academy of the Russian Federation.
In 2002, they ran scientific research on judicial independence and human rights protection by US courts in the International Center for Human Rights of the School of Law at the Northwestern University. They also ran research on "The role of the US Department of Justice in the protection of human rights" in the Division on Civil Rights of the US Department of Justice. They successfully finalized their scientific research on the topic "Judges' education is an essential element of their personal independence" in the US Federal Judicial Center, which is the specialized training and educational center of US federal judges.
Ramin is a certified KPI professional who successfully passed the training courses on "e-Governance Strategies for Courts' Management: time requirements, solutions, innovations" in the Singapore Judicial Institute as well as the advanced courses on "Judicial management, organization of work in courts and e-case management" organized by the International Law Institute and Georgetown University.
Work experience
Gurbanov started working in 1995 as a legal consultant in the military division of the Ministry of Defense. From 1998 to 2013 they worked in the Ministry of Justice as an advisor; a senior advisor in the field of drafting the legislative acts, organization of court activity, work with courts and justice institutions; and the head of the General Department on Organization and Supervision of the Ministry of Justice of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
They were a member of the group on the development of statutory documents regulating the activities of the Ministry of Justice as well as of the group on Application of Modern Information Technologies in the Justice Institutions.
In the years 2013–2020, they worked as a judge in the Baku City Yasamal District Court. During those years, they delivered the highest number of judgments with acquittals in the country. As of 2020, they are a judge of the Criminal Division of the Baku Court of Appeal.
In 2014, they worked as the head of the group of the Ministry of Justice on the establishment and implementation of the "e-Court" system in Azerbaijan. In recent years the international organizations awarded the "e-Court" and "e-Enforcement" systems, which were developed by the same group. In a sub-component of these systems, artificial intelligence was implemented to deliver judgments instead of human judges.
The modern functionalities of this system such as the mobile application of the "e-Court system", system on digital commercial disputes, the personal cabinet of court users, and the unified judicial portal have been implemented. In 2017 the new analytical module of the "e-Court system" was awarded for the first time within the Council of Europe's "Crystal Scales of Justice" competition.
Work within the Council of Europe institutions
Gurbanov has been an official representative of the Republic of Azerbaijan in the European Commission for the Efficiency of Justice (CEPEJ) of the Council of Europe since 2005. CEPEJ is an advisory and analytical institution of the Council of Europe that specializes in increasing the efficiency and quality of justice in European countries.
During past years, they participated in peer-evaluation missions to Switzerland, Estonia, Cyprus, Georgia and Slovakia, and presided over the groups to Lithuania, Latvia, Kazakhstan, Czech Republic, North Macedonia, and Moldova. In 2014, the CEPEJ meeting was held in Baku.
In 2014–2018 Gurbanov was elected as one of the four members of the Bureau of the European Commission for the CEPEJ of Europe, and afterward was elected to the position of vice-president. On 4 December 2018 they were elected as president of the CEPEJ through secret ballot voting by the representatives from 47 member states of the Council of Europe.
Cooperation with the World Bank
Gurbanov has been a coordinator of the World Bank (WB) large-scale transformation projects on the modernization of Azerbaijan court system since 2008; these projects are jointly implemented with the Government of Azerbaijan. These projects developed new standards on court infrastructure, organized the official opening ceremonies of the modern court buildings and complexes with participation of the Head of the State, designed and implemented "e-Court" and "e-Enforcement" systems, drafted the law on mediation in cooperation with the CEPEJ, piloted mediation centers, and performed studies and made recommendations on modernizing the Bar Association, establishing private enforcement offices, juvenile justice, gender policy in the field of justice, and the quality of judgments.
On the eves of the 20th and 25th anniversaries of cooperation between the Government of Azerbaijan and the World Bank, the projects have been awarded as the best administered and implemented WB projects in Azerbaijan.
Gurbanov is also the Azerbaijan reporter for the Doing Business Report (indicator on contract enforcement). In 2019, Azerbaijan was ranked in 28th place among the 190 countries after being in 40th place the previous year.
Scientific and pedagogical activity
Since 1996, Gurbanov has been engaged in scientific work on legal issues. They were a postgraduate researcher at the law faculty of Baku State University and afterwards the senior researcher in the Institute of Philosophy, Sociology and Law of the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences. In 2002, they defended their scientific dissertation "Combating the criminal water pollution: on materials of Kura and Araks rivers". In 2016 they received the scientific degree — doctor of law. Their thesis of doctorate work is "Co-operation of the judicial authorities on the European continent: theoretical and practical issues".
They specialize in the fields of international law, criminal law, European law, and human rights.
Between 2011–2016, they worked as a senior scientific consultant in the Department on International Relations and International Law of the Institute of Philosophy, Sociology and Law of the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences. Since 2017, they have been a senior scientific consultant of the Department on International Law and currently heads this department.
Gurbanov is a member of the group on legal sciences (responsible for the verification and issue of the scientific degrees in law) of the High Attestation Commission under the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
Gurbanov has been engaged in pedagogical work since 2004. Between 2004 to 2005, they worked as a teacher in the Department of Civil-Procedure Law at Odlar Yurdu University. They delivered lectures on training judges and prosecutors under the Judicial-Legal Council of Azerbaijan. Since 2009, they have been working as a lecturer at the Justice Academy, and in 2018 they were acting vice-directo.
Gurbanov is a member of numerous international organizations, such as the American Bar Association (Chicago division), the Russian Association on International Law, and the Union of Associations of Judges of Azerbaijan.
Publications
Gurbanov has written more than 98 scientific publications on different aspects of international, European, and criminal law, including those published in cooperation with European doctors of law Jean-Paul Jean, Jacques Buehler, and Francois Paychere. Among their publications are scientific studies of the European Commission for the Efficiency of Justice (CEPEJ) of the Council of Europe.
European Judicial Systems. Efficiency and Quality of Justice, N20, 2014. — Strasbourg.
European Judicial Systems: eastern Europe countries, N21, December 2015. — Strasbourg.
European Commission for the Efficiency of Justice: high-quality justice for all member states, N22, 2015. — Strasbourg.
European Judicial Systems: Use of information technology in European courts. N24.
R. A. Kurbanov, R. A. Gurbanov et al., Anthropological Methods of Formation of University Students' Spiritual and Moral Culture. // International Journal of Environmental and Science Education, Volume 11 Issue 18 (2016), р. 11807–11817.
The European Judicial Network and Eurojust as basic means of the cooperation of EU Member States in the area of criminal justice // SENTENTIA. European Journal of Humanities and Social Sciences, No.3.
E-court system with the installation of business and artificial intelligence, predictive justice, and KPIs // Impact Azerbaijan, American Chamber of Commerce.
CEPEJ as the consultative body of the Council of Europe, granted with the responsibility of developing and implementing common standards in the sphere of the delivery of justice // On international legislation and comparative law, No.6(55), 2015.
M. Schmitz, P. Gielen et d`autres, Avoirs Dematerializes et Execution Force Digital Assets and Enforcement // Conseil de l`Europe, Bruylant, Pratique de droit europeen (preface). Bruxelles.
J. Mairimanoff, M. Becker, F. Oudin, A. Schumacher, C. Smets-Gary, Dictionnaire de la Mediation et d`Autres Modes Amiables // Bruylant, Collection Paradigme (preface). Suisse.
Awards
Gurbanov was awarded several times for their contributions to the development of the justice system in Azerbaijan by the Minister of Justice of Azerbaijan. The Judicial-Legal Council of the Republic of Azerbaijan awarded them for their contributions to the effective and successful implementation of the World Bank projects on modernization of the Azerbaijan court system, for proper presentation of the country in the CEPEJ, and developing the "e-Court system", which was awarded within the Council of Europe's "Crystal Scales of Justice" competition.
The decision of the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences awarded Gurbanov for scientific productivity, active participation in the work of the Academy of Sciences, for "effective presentation of Azerbaijan science in the international fora, for the organization on a high level for the first time in the country of the international conference on artificial intelligence", and for the publication of the three-volume international encyclopedia on court systems.
In December 2018, they were awarded the medal named after professor Rovshan Mustafayev.
References
External links
Гурбанов Рамин Афад оглы // ФГБОУ ВО "РЭУ им. Г. В. Плеханова".
Ramin Qaraqurbanlı (Ramin Qurbanov) // The Judicial-Legal Council of Republic of Azerbaijan.
Ramin Garagurbanlı (Ramin Gurbanov) // Council of Europe.
1974 births
Living people
Lawyers from Baku
Baku State University alumni
Azerbaijan State Pedagogical University alumni
Academy of Public Administration (Azerbaijan) alumni
Plekhanov Russian University of Economics faculty
Northwestern University alumni
Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law alumni
The 2017 New Brunswick Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the provincial women's curling championship of New Brunswick was held January 25 to 29 at the Miramichi Curling Club in Miramichi, New Brunswick. The winning Melissa Adams team represented New Brunswick at the 2017 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in St. Catharines, Ontario.
Melissa Adams of Fredericton would win their first ever provincial Scotties title. They had previously won the 1998 World Junior Curling Championships. Adams had scored four points in the sixth end to defeat Saint John's Sarah Mallais rink in the final by a score of 9-6. The Adams rink represented New Brunswick at the national Scotties, where they had to compete in a pre-qualifying tournament against the Yukon, Nunavut and Northwest Territories to enter the main event. After going 3-0 in the round robin portion, they lost the final to the Northwest Territories and didn't enter the main draw.
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Scores
Draw 1
Adams 8-3 Graham
Mallais 9-7 Park
Robichaud 5-4 Tatlock
Draw 2
Mallais 5-2 Tatlock
Comeau 7-4 Robichaud
Graham 6-5 Park
Draw 3
Adams 9-2 Park
Graham 4-3 Tatlock
Mallais 8-2 Comeau
Draw 4
Robichaud 7-4 Graham
Comeau 9-4 Adams
Park 6-3 Tatlock
Draw 5
Comeau 8-4 Tatlock
Robichaud 9-6 Park
Adams 6-5 Mallais
Draw 6
Mallais 6-4 Robichaud
Adams 8-2 Tatlock
Comeau 12-5 Graham
Draw 7
Comeau 9-2 Park
Mallais 7-5 Graham
Robichaud 6-5 Adams
Tiebreaker
Adams 7-4 Robichaud
Playoffs
Semifinal
Sunday, January 29, 9:00 am
Final
Sunday, January 29, 2:00 pm
References
http://www.curlingzone.com/event.php?view=Main&eventid=4655
2017 in New Brunswick
New Brunswick
January 2017 sports events in Canada
Curling in New Brunswick
Sport in Miramichi, New Brunswick
The S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats are a stock market index composed of the companies in the S&P 500 index that have increased their dividends in each of the past 25 consecutive years. It was launched in May 2005.
There are other indexes of dividend aristocrats that vary with respect to market cap and minimum duration of consecutive yearly dividend increases.
Components are added when they reach the 25-year threshold and are removed when they fail to increase their dividend during a calendar year or are removed from the S&P 500. However, a study found that the stock performance of companies improves after they are removed from the index.
The index has been recommended as an alternative to bonds for investors looking to generate income.
Components
There are 64 companies in the index.
Components history
The following are the changes to the components of the index since 2008:
In 2022, two companies were added to the index: Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) and Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD). AT&T Inc. (T) was removed due to its dividend cut and People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) was removed when its merger with M&T Bank Corporation was finalized.
In 2021, there were three additions to the index: IBM (IBM), NextEra Energy (NEE) and West Pharmaceutical Services (WST). Five companies were removed from the index: Raytheon (RTX), Carrier Global (CARR), Otis Worldwide (OTIS), Stryker Corporation (SYK) and Leggett & Platt (LEG), which was removed when it moved from the S&P 500 to the S&P MidCap 400.
In 2020, there were 7 additions: Amcor (AMCR), Atmos Energy (ATO), Realty Income Corporation (O), Essex Property Trust (ESS), Ross Stores (ROST), Albemarle Corporation (ALB), and Expeditors International (EXPD) were added to the list effective prior to market open on February 3. United Technologies was renamed Raytheon Technologies after divestment of some divisions and remained in the index. Both spinoffs Carrier Global (CARR) and Otis Worldwide (OTIS) were added to the index effective prior to the market opening on April 3, 2020.
Removals in 2020: Ross Stores (ROST) and Helmerich & Payne (HP).
Ross Stores suspended its dividend on May 21 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and was removed from the index prior to market open on July 1, 2020
In 2019, Chubb Limited (CB), People's United Financial (PBCT), Caterpillar Inc. (CAT), and United Technologies (UTX) were added to the index.
In 2016, Chubb Corp (CB) was removed upon acquisition by ACE Limited (ACE).
In 2015, Family Dollar Stores (FDO) was removed from the index due to its purchase by Dollar Tree. Sigma-Aldrich (SIAL) was removed from the list due to its acquisition by Merck Group.
In 2014, Bemis (BMS) was removed from the S&P 500 index and therefore removed from the index.
In 2013, Pitney Bowes (PBI) was removed after slashing the dividend from 37.5c to 18.75c per quarter per share.
In 2012, CenturyLink (CTL) was removed from the index. The following 9 companies were added to the index: AT&T (T), Colgate-Palmolive (CL), Franklin Templeton Investments (BEN), Genuine Parts Company (GPC), Health Care Property Investors (HCP), Illinois Tool Works (ITW), Medtronic (MDT), Sysco (SYY), and T. Rowe Price (TROW).
In 2011, Ecolab (ECL), Hormel Foods (HRL), and McCormick & Company (MKC) were added.
In 2010, ten companies were removed from the index: Avery Dennison (AVY), BB&T (BBT), Gannett (GCI), General Electric (GE), Johnson Controls (JCI), Legg Mason (LM), M&T Bank (MTB), Pfizer (PFE), State Street Bank (STT), and U.S. Bancorp (USB). Brown Forman (BF.B) was added.
In 2009, 9 companies were removed from the index: Anheuser Busch (BUD), Bank of America (BAC), Comerica (CMA), Fifth Third Bank (FITB), Keycorp (KEY), Progressive Corp (PGR), Regions Financial (RF), Synovus Financial (SNV), and Wrigley Company (WW), which was acquired by Mars, Incorporated. There were two additions: Bemis Company (BMS) and Leggett & Platt (LEG).
In 2008, the index contained 52 companies.
References
External links
American stock market indices
S&P Dow Jones Indices
Frederic James "Eric" Allpass (21 September 1889 - 5 April 1977) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Biography
Allpass was born in Warwick, Queensland, the son of Frederic William Allpass and their wife Isabel Jane (née Merry). They were educated at Laidley State School and on leaving school became a dairy farmer and grazier.
On the 21 November 1921 Allpass married Florence Marian Guille and together had a son and two daughters. They died in April 1977 at Toowoomba.
Public career
At the 1950 Queensland state election, Allpass won the new seat of Condamine for the Country Party, easily defeating their Labor opponent, Michael Lyons. In 1953 however, the new Labor candidate, Les Diplock, turned the tables and defeated Allpass.
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
1889 births
1977 deaths
20th-century Australian politicians
Jonathan Taylor Updegraff (May 13, 1822 – November 30, 1882) was an American physician and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1879 to 1882.
Biography
Born near Mount Pleasant, Ohio, a descendant of the Dutch Op den Graeff family, Jonathan was the son of David Updegraff, a Quaker minister, and grandson of Nathan Updegraff, a delegate to Ohio's first constitutional convention. Jonathan attended private schools and Franklin College. They studied medicine. They were graduated from the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia in 1845 and later from medical schools in Edinburgh and Paris.
Although they practiced their profession, they devoted a large share of their time to agricultural pursuits. They served as a surgeon in the Union Army during the Civil War. They served in the State senate in 1872 and 1873, and as a Presidential elector for Grant/Wilson in 1872. They served as delegate to the Republican State convention in 1873 and to the 1876 Republican National Convention.
Updegraff was elected as a Republican to the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Congresses and served from March 4, 1879, until their death in Mount Pleasant, Ohio, November 30, 1882. More than 2000 people viewed their corpse at the Friends Meetinghouse.
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Education and Labor (Forty-seventh Congress).
Updegraff had been reelected to the Forty-eighth Congress prior to their death, and their position was filled by Joseph D. Taylor.
They were initially interred in Updegraff Cemetery, near Mount Pleasant, Ohio but was later reinterred in Short Creek Cemetery, west of Mount Pleasant, in 1926.
The house built by Updegraff in 1856 remains in Mount Pleasant.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
References
Retrieved on 2009-05-13
External links
Updegraff Family papers held by Haverford College Quaker & Special Collections
1822 births
1882 deaths
People from Mount Pleasant, Ohio
Ohio state senators
Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania alumni
Franklin College (New Athens, Ohio)
1872 United States presidential electors
Union Army surgeons
Physicians from Ohio
American Quakers
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The baked bean sandwich is a sandwich composed of baked beans between two slices of bread, which may include garnishes such as lettuce and toppings such as mayonnaise or ketchup.
Recipes for a baked bean sandwich can be traced from as early as 1909. One book entitled Cooking For Two by Janet McKenzie Hill suggests such a recipe as a "substitute for meatless cooking", and is a much more elaborate sandwich compared to its most common manifestation today.
Many early recipes describe essentially the same product that has become popular today, however in addition they incite elaborate additions of garnish and dressing. Hill suggests:
The Boston-area version of the sandwich eschews toppings and garnishes, being composed simply of baked beans between two slices of Boston brown bread.
See also
List of sandwiches
References
Sandwich
Vegetarian sandwiches
Pop Up Party is Cartoon Network's first African production in collaboration with Urban Brew Studios, and airs on DStv, channel 301 across the African continent. It is a series of short, five-minute episodes featuring a group of young African dancers as they pop up across adult locations and interrupt with a dance, inviting everyone to join in on the fun. It was renewed for a second season in which a group of kids has a dance off that included secret challenges. The live-action show premiered on 23 July 2016.
References
African animation
Cartoon Network original programming
Prometheus & Pandora is the eleventh studio album by Sananda Maitreya, formerly known as Terence Trent D'Arby, released on October 13, 2017. It was recorded at Maitreya's home studios, Treehouse Lab, in Lodi, Italy, and was made available in CD format and to download from their official website. It has 53 tracks in three volumes. Guest vocalist Luisa Corna performs as Pandora on several tracks. Maitreya gave an interview to The Guardian ahead of its release, but said "I didn't make this album to be back in the fray... Maybe it's not meant for mass consumption."
"It's Been A Long Time" was released ahead of the album as a single, on September 22 2017.
"She's My Baby" was originally released as the B-side of "Delicate" in 1993.
Track listing
All songs written by Sananda Maitreya except where indicated.
Volume 1 / Prometheus
"Questions & Ulcers" 0:47
"Nymphony" 0:59
"New World Farming" 3:41
"She's My Baby" 4:13
"Glad She's Gone" 2:57
"U Cried A River" 5:46
"It's Been A Long Time" - Vocal duet with Luisa Corna 4:52
"Limp Dick Blues" 4:35
"Mid Life Crisis Blues" 3:50
"Country Changes" 4:13
"Assisted Living" 4:49
"Passing The Torture" 0:58
"Hiawatha" 3:20
"She'll Tell Me" 3:29
"I Don't Know How To Love (Prometheus)" - Vocal duet with Luisa Corna (Andrew Lloyd Webber, Tim Rice) 5:14
"If Joni Calls" 1:20
"Suicide Song" 5:25
Volume 2 / Pegasus
"Food For Trout" 0:20
"Zebra" (Sananda Maitreya, Louis Metoyer) 3:33
"Rhinoceros" 5:15
"Everybody Is The Bomb" 3:49
"I Don't Know How To Love (Pegasus)" (Andrew Lloyd Webber, Tim Rice) 5:07
"You Won't See Me" (Lennon-McCartney) 3:58
"The Marmoset" 2:29
"Tacoma" 3:50
"Go For The Gold" 3:55
"Hiawatha (Pegasus)" 3:20
"She'll Tell Me (Pegasus)" 3:28
"Limp Dick Blues (Pegasus)" 4:35
"U Cried A River (Pegasus)" 5:41
"If U Lived Here (Pegasus)" 6:12
"You Won't See Me - Encore" (Lennon-McCartney) 3:48
"It's Been A Long Time (Pegasus)" 4:35
"Horses For Corsica" 4:03
"Le Capre Della Sardegna" 0:32
Volume 3 / Pandora
"Passing The Torture (Pandora)" 0:33
"The Birds Are Singing (Pandora)" 2:28
"Hail Mary" 4:22
"I Don't Know How To Love (Pandora)" - Vocal duet with Luisa Corna (Andrew Lloyd Webber, Tim Rice) 5:27
"It's Been A Long Time" - Vocal duet with Luisa Corna 4:56
"If U Lived Here" - Vocal duet with Luisa Corna 6:24
"Take Good Care Of My Heart" 3:48
"Windows" 2:48
"Mona Lisa's Laughing" 4:11
"Before You Knew What Love Was" 4:53
"Gold Strings" 1:30
"Sacred" 3:43
"Amoeba Strain" 0:52
"Willow" (Sananda Maitreya, Carmen Rizzo) 3:10
"Nymphony - Reprise" 1:00
"Amoeba" 4:09
"Questions & Ulcers - Encore" 0:47
"Pandora's Box" 0:38
Reviews
The Guardian called the album "a 53-track smorgasbord of rock, funk, soul, jazz and psych" and noted that amongst the "grand allegorical vision" there was still room for a track about impotence ("Limp Dick Blues"). It said Maitreya's witticisms "have been much missed." Louder Sound praised their "sublime 'son of Stevie Wonder' voice" but said the "long and complex" album "could have been condensed into a single CD for clarity and focus, but that was never going to happen." Albumism said, "some of the album scintillates, while other parts are less satisfying", criticizing the alternate versions of already heard songs which "sometimes infuriates to the point of distraction."
References
External links
Sananda Maitreya website
2017 albums
Terence Trent D'Arby albums
Sylvia Eileen, Lady Hermon (née Paisley; born 11 August 1955) is a retired Unionist politician from Northern Ireland. They served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of North Down from 2001 to 2019.
They were first elected for the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP), but left the party in 2010, sitting as an Independent unionist for the rest of their time as Member of Parliament.  They are the widow of Sir Jack Hermon, who served as Chief Constable of the Royal Ulster Constabulary. They were the only independent MP elected at the 2010 general election, 2015 general election and 2017 general election.
On 25 March 2010, Lady Hermon announced their resignation from the Ulster Unionist Party, and had served since then as an Independent MP. Them decision was triggered by the Ulster Unionist alliance with the Conservative Party. They successfully retained their seat in the 2010 election with a large gain in their share of the vote, increasing their majority, retaining the seat again in the 2015 election. They also retained their seat in 2017 with a reduced 41% of the vote.
They announced their decision not to contest their seat at the December 2019 general election in November 2019.
Background
Born Sylvia Eileen Paisley, a Presbyterian in the mainly Republican area of Galbally, County Tyrone, their father was Robert Paisley, a farmer, and they had three sisters. Hermon's mother accidentally drowned when Hermon was four. They went to Dungannon High School before studying Law at the University of Wales, Aberystwyth.
They lectured in Law at the Queen's University of Belfast at the same time as David Trimble. They did not enter politics until 1998, when they joined the Ulster Unionist Party, having been impressed by the role the party had played in negotiating the Good Friday Agreement.
On 6 November 2008, their husband Sir John Hermon died. Shortly afterward, their father also died.
 They are a long-standing supporter of the Alzheimer's Research Trust and helped launch its Northern Ireland network centre.
Political career
Within the UUP, Hermon was regarded as being on the more socially liberal wing of the party, being characterised in The Guardian in 2005 as a 'liberal'. They were chosen as UUP candidate for the North Down constituency to contest the 2001 general election, and defeated the incumbent Robert McCartney of the UK Unionist Party by over 7,000 votes. During the election they gained the support of the local branch of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland, who withdrew their own candidate.
Hermon became chair of the North Down branch of the UUP in 2001 and held this position until 2003. In 2001 they were also appointed UUP spokesperson for Youth and Women's Issues, Home Affairs and Trade and Industry. They subsequently lost the Trade and Industry portfolio and took responsibility for Culture, Media and Sport in 2002. Outside of the UUP, Hermon has also been involved in policing support and pensioners' rights campaigns.
In 2003, they voted in favour of the Iraq War.
Hermon was the only Ulster Unionist to be returned to Westminster in the 2005 general election and as a result figured in consideration for who would succeed David Trimble as party leader. Initially considered to be amongst the frontrunners, Hermon eventually declined the opportunity, feeling that they could not combine it with their responsibility of caring for their husband, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease, and instead supported the unsuccessful bid of Alan McFarland.
In 2009, Hermon announced their opposition to the Ulster Unionist link-up with the Conservative Party. They declared, in an unplanned announcement, during an interview in their constituency office, At the present time, I can't see myself standing under a Conservative banner ... If my party chooses to move to call themselves by a different name, I'm terribly sorry and terribly disappointed by that but I remain an Ulster Unionist. That was certainly my mandate and I've loved serving the people of North Down. They have stood by me through the most difficult of times and if they choose and wish me to serve them I would do my very best to do that.
On 23 February 2010, Hermon confirmed that they would not be seeking the nomination as a Conservative and Unionist candidate. In their parliamentary votes, they were closer to the Labour Party than the Conservative Party. On 6 May 2010, standing as an Independent unionist candidate, they were re-elected with a majority of over 14,000 votes ahead of the "Ulster Conservatives and Unionists – New Force" candidate. They were re-elected in May 2015 and June 2017, both times as an Independent unionist, and the only independent MP elected in those Parliaments.
Although Hermon had previously been considered to be close to the Labour Party, they have said that they would not support the leader at the time, Jeremy Corbyn, in government. Hermon announced in November 2019 that they would not be standing as a candidate in the 2019 general election on 12 December. Them constituency position went to Stephen Farry of the Alliance Party.
Brexit
Hermon campaigned for the United Kingdom to remain in the European Union during the 2016 referendum on Brexit. Given that Sinn Féin, who also supported a Remain vote, abstain from taking up their seats in the House of Commons, and the DUP supported a Leave vote, Hermon was the only MP representing Northern Ireland in the 2017 Parliament who supported Remain. Hermon described the potential for a "no-deal" Brexit as a "threat to UK stability" and said that it could lead to a hard border, which could, combined with changing demographics in Northern Ireland, lead to a border poll on a united Ireland, which could lead to Northern Ireland uniting with the Republic of Ireland.
Hermon voted in favour of the Withdrawal Agreement in the meaningful vote on 15 January 2019, which was defeated by 432 votes to 202. They voted against the motion of no confidence in the government of Theresa May called by Jeremy Corbyn the following day. During the phase of indicative votes in Parliament, Hermon voted in favour of a second referendum, as well as the option of revoking Article 50 to avoid a no-deal Brexit.
References
External links
Maiden Speech : House of Commons – 26 June 2001
1955 births
Living people
Academics of Queen's University Belfast
British legal scholars
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Down constituencies (since 1922)
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Northern Irish constituencies
Politicians from County Tyrone
Ulster Unionist Party members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom
Independent politicians in Northern Ireland
Independent members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom
People educated at the Royal School Dungannon
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
21st-century women politicians from Northern Ireland
Women legal scholars
Atherstone is a market town in the English county of Warwickshire. Atherstone may also refer to:
in georgraph
Atherstone Town F.C., Atherstone's football club
Atherstone Rural District, a defunct local authority
Atherstone Priory, a priory in Warwickshire, England
Atherstone on Stour, a village, also located in Warwickshire
Atherstone, Somerset, a town in Somerset, England
Atherstone Nature Reserve, a 23,500 hectare reserve situated close to Dwaalboom, in the Limpopo province of South Africa
Military
HMS Atherstone is the name of several Royal Navy ships
RAF Atherstone, a former Royal Air Force base located south west of Atherstone on Stour
In transport
Atherstone railway station, a railway station in Atherstone
Atherstone rail accident, a rail accident which occurred at Atherstone railway station in 1960
Other uses
Atherstone Hunt, a fox hunt based in Warwickshire
Atherstone Ball Game, a medieval football game placed on Shrove Tuesday in the English town of Atherstone, Warwickshire
As a surname
Edwin Atherstone (1788–1872), poet and novelist
William Guybon Atherstone (1814—1898) medical practitioner, naturalist and geologist, one of the pioneers of South African geology and a member of the Cape Parliament
Evil, also known as Το Κακό in Greek, is 2005 Greek zombie horror film. The film is notable for being the first Greek zombie movie.
Plot
Three construction workers discover an abandoned cave and are promptly attacked by a creature not shown on screen. Afterwards, the population of the city of Athens is turned into zombies, while the last remaining group of people attempt to survive.
Cast
Meletis Georgiadis as Meletis
Argiris Thanasoulas as Argyris
Pepi Moschovakou as Marina
Stavroula Thomopoulou as Dimitra
Mary Tsoni as Jenny
Andreas Kontopoulos as Lieutenant Vakirtzis
Nikos Sambalis as Andreas
Yannis Katsambas as Giannis
Daphne Larouni as Dafni
References
External links
2005 horror films
2005 films
Greek zombie films
2000s action horror films
2000s comedy horror films
Greek horror films
2005 comedy films
The National Guard of the Republic of Uzbekistan (Uzbek: O'zbekiston Respublikasining milliy gvardiyasi) is a uniformed independent formation within the Armed Forces of the Republic of Uzbekistan. The headquarters of the National Guard is based in Tashkent, where most of the 30,000 soldiers that make up the force are located. As of 2020, the individual in charge of the UNG is currently Rustam Jo'raev. They succeeded Colonel General Bakhodir Tashmatov (former Chief of the Joint Staff) and Botir Tursunov (former deputy director of the Institute for Strategic and Regional Studies).
History
Soviet era
The activity of the internal troops in Uzbekistan dates back precisely to 1918, when Alexander Malkov, a fluent Uzbek speaker, was elected the first People's Commissar of Internal Affairs of the Turkestan Republic.
Military units belonging to the internal troops rendered great assistance to the Red Army during the Russian Civil War and subsequently in the restoration of the national economy.
In 1925-1927, the first Minister of Internal Affairs of the Uzbek SSR, Yuldash Bobojonov, and the chairperson of the People's Committee of Internal Affairs, Bobobek Mavlyanbekov, carried out fruitful work to develop the activities of the internal affairs bodies and internal troops of Uzbekistan. In August 1934, the number of security troops in the internal troops was increased to 20,000. Following World War Two and during the Cold War. The personnel of the units took a direct part in the work on the organization and restoration of the industry of Uzbekistan, at production facilities, in the fulfillment of tasks for the protection of special personnel, as well as in the construction of objects of the national economy, such new cities as Navoi, Uchkuduk, Zarafshan, Karshi, Bekobod, Chirchik, Karaulbazar.
Independence
1990s
It was founded on 30 January 1992 in Tashkent on the basis of the Military Unit No. 3408 and as the direct successor to the Internal Troops of the Uzbek SSR.
By the decree on September 10, 1991, it was established that the Minister of Defense of the Republic of Uzbekistan is simultaneously appointed the Commander of the National guard.
Modern guard
In August 2017, President Shavkat Mirziyoyev issued a presidential decree which effectively removed the National Guard as one of the military's branches of service and made it an independent institution. It was transferred to the Defense Ministry's control the following January. In July 2019, the government amended its criminal code, giving the UNG the expanded authority to conduct pretrial investigations and detain people and hold suspects at the local headquarters. Some analysts have theorized that this expansion of authority may be an attempt to sideline the National Security Service (SNB), which was largely seen as being loyal to former president Islam Karimov.
Commanders
Bakhodir Tashmatov (2017-2020)
Rustam Jo'raev (since 2020)
Mandate
The main purpose of the National Guard is to protect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Uzbekistan and the constitutional rights and freedoms of citizens. In fulfilling its purpose, it guards important strategic bases and facilities, as well as important Uzbek officials. It mainly specializes in operations involving small alleys and street fighting. In its early years, it was effectively serving as the personal secret service to President Islam Karimov, often being seen along the road when they were driven from their residence to the Ok Saroy Presidential Palace. Since President Shavkat Mirziyoyev came to the presidency in 2016, the national guard has re-emerged as a law and order body, with Mirziyoyev delegating the role of combating domestic terrorism to the agency. It is given assistance by similar institutions of its neighbors, including the Russian Rosgvardia and the Chinese People's Armed Police.
Leadership
It has the following management structure:
Commandant of the National Guard – Major General Rustam Jo'raev
First Deputy Commandant of the National Guard – Bekmurod Abdullayev
Deputy Commandant of the National Guard – Sarvar Mamayusupov
Deputy Commandant of the National Guard – Mamirjon Ganiyeb
Components
Directorates
In July 2019, the National Guard HQ Directorate and its territorial units, which were previously part of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, were transferred to the National Guard:
National Guard HQ Directorate (Tashkent)
Andijon Directorate
Bukhara Directorate
Fergana Directorate
Jizzakh Directorate
Namangan Directorate
Navoiy Directorate
Qashqadaryo Directorate
Samarqand Directorate
Sirdaryo Directorate
Surxondaryo Directorate
Tashkent Directorate
Xorazm Directorate
Karakalpakstan Directorate
An advisory council is formed under the head of the Main Directorate of Security, consisting of 7–9 experienced employees of the directorate and other divisions of the security service, as well as scientists with scientific potential in the relevant field. The composition of the Council is approved annually by the head of the directorate, who is ex officio the chairperson of the Council.
Individual units
The more notable units include the following:
Ceremonial Company
Special Forces Regiment
Motorized Rifle Regiment
Exemplary Military Band
Equestrian Squadron of the National Guard
Society of Physical Culture and Sports "Dynamo"
The ceremonial company of the Uzbek National Guard guarded the body of the late Uzbek president Islam Karimov after their death in September 2016.
Educational institutions
Military-Technical Institute of the National Guard
Republican Specialized Academic Lyceum of Music of the National Guard
Tashkent Military Academic Lyceum
Institute
The Military-Technical Institute of the National Guard serves as the main military academy for national guard troops.
The Tashkent Higher Military Technical School of the Ministry of Internal Affairs was established on the basis of the Higher Courses of the Ministry of Internal Affairs (military unit 5375). On January 10, 1992, it was transferred to the jurisdiction of the system of the Ministry of Internal Affairs. The university first accepted cadets in 1991 and in 1995 prepared the first graduates. In 2017, it was transferred to the National Guard.
Republican Specialized Academic Lyceum of Music
Like the Moscow Military Music College in Russia, the Republican Specialized Academic Lyceum of Music of the National Guard is a youth institution dedicated to musical education. Founded in 1944, provides special military training for musicians in their youth aged 14 to 18. After 12 years of existence in 1956, it was renamed the Republican Boarding School. It gained its current name in 2011. In 2019, the Brass Band of the lyceum took part in the events surrounding the Spasskaya Tower Military Music Festival and Tattoo in Moscow.
See also
Azerbaijani National Guard
National Guard (Kyrgyzstan)
National Guard of Kazakhstan
Turkmen National Guard
Presidential National Guard
External links
Official Website
References
1992 establishments in Uzbekistan
Military of Uzbekistan
Gendarmerie
Government paramilitary forces
Law enforcement in Uzbekistan
Wings of Hope (, literally "Juliane's Fall in the Jungle") is a 1998 made-for-TV documentary directed by Werner Herzog. The film explores the story of Juliane Koepcke, a German Peruvian woman who was the sole survivor of Peruvian flight LANSA Flight 508 following its mid-air disintegration after a lightning strike in 1971. Herzog was inspired to make this film since they had narrowly avoided taking the same flight while they were location scouting for Aguirre, Wrath of God; their reservation had been canceled due to a last minute change in itinerary.
In the film, Herzog and Koepcke visit the scenes of their flight, crash, and escape from the jungle. They take a flight from Lima to Pucallpa (though with a different airline), and sit in the same row of seats where Koepcke sat during the crash. They unearth many large fragments of the plane in the jungle, and then visit the river routes where they traveled for 10 days on foot, and the small village where they were eventually found by three men, one of whom appears in the film.
Wings of Hope is often seen as a companion piece or sequel to Herzog's 1997 film Little Dieter Needs to Fly, in which they retrace the steps of a U.S. Navy pilot's successful escape from a POW camp during the Vietnam War.
Production
Herzog had planned to make the film ever since narrowly missing the flight, but was unable to contact Koepcke for many years since they shied away from any media coverage. Herzog finally located them in Munich after contacting the priest who performed the funeral for Koepcke's mother. Koepcke's dreams, as described in the film and shot in documentary style, were invented and scripted by Herzog.
See also
1998 in film
Miracles Still Happen (1974), a biopic about Juliane Koepcke's ordeal
References
External links
1998 films
Documentary films about aviation accidents or incidents
Documentary television films
German documentary films
1998 documentary films
1990s German films
A safety drill is a drill that is practised to prepare people for an emergency.
Fire drills
A fire drill is a method of practising how a building would be evacuated in the event of a fire or other emergency. Usually, the building's existing fire alarm system is activated and the building is evacuated as if the emergency had occurred. Generally, the time it takes to evacuate is measured to ensure that it occurs within a reasonable length of time, and problems with the emergency system or evacuation procedures are identified to be remedied.
Tornado drills
Tornado drills are an important element in tornado preparedness. Like any other safety drills, they increase chances of correct response to a real tornado threat.
Most states in the midwestern and southern United States conduct a statewide tornado drill in late winter or early spring in preparation for the severe weather season. During these drills, the National Weather Service issues test tornado warnings, and local Emergency Alert Systems and/or NOAA Weather Radio (normally as a Required Weekly Test or Required Monthly Test; Live Tornado Warning Codes can only be used if a waiver from the FCC is granted since "Live Code Testing" is prohibited per regulations) are activated along with outdoor warning sirens. Schools and businesses may also conduct a tornado drill simultaneously.
A tornado drill is a procedure of practicing to take cover in a specified location in the event that a tornado strikes an area. This safety drill is an important element of tornado preparedness.
Generally, a signal is given, such as a series of tones (ex. Continuous Tone), or a voice announcement. Upon receiving the signal, building occupants of schools, hospitals, factories, shopping centers, etc. proceed to a designated location, usually an interior room or corridor with no windows, and assume a protective position.
In homes and small buildings one must go to the basement or an interior room on the lowest floor (if there), (closet, bathroom), to stay away from glass.
Cars and mobile homes must be abandoned, if there is small chance to drive away.
In some jurisdictions, schools are required to conduct regular tornado drills, though generally less frequently than fire drills.
Tornado drills by state
In many states tornado drills are part of the Severe Weather Awareness Week.
Alabama
Florida
Indiana
Iowa
Ohio
Minnesota
Missouri
South Dakota
Texas
Virginia
Wisconsin
North Carolina
Lockdown drills
Lockdown drills are means of practicing preparedness in a business in the event of an intruder or criminal act. Generally an announcement is given that the building is going on an immediate lockdown. At that point, all occupants present at the time of the drill go to a room and lock all doors and windows tight. They must remain still until an "all-clear signal" has been issued. If the emergency is really life-threatening, then occupants present at the time of the emergency will evacuate to a meeting zone well away from the premises (scene of the emergency).
Earthquake drill
An earthquake drill is a drill used to practice in preparation for an earthquake. Schools in some areas conduct earthquake drills. Stop, drop and hold on is used during the drill. School Safety Preparedness Drill (SSPD) is an annual earthquake preparedness drill being organised in schools of North and North Eastern states of India commemorating 4 April 1905 Kangra earthquake.
The two Non-Governmental Organisations GeoHazards Society (GHS) and GeoHazards International (GHI) has been working for earthquake safety in South Asia for many years. In the year 2009 both the organisations along with Library of Tibetan Works and Archives together decided to mark the most destructive Kangra earthquake at Dharamshala in India. Considering the vulnerability of the school children in one of the most earthquake prone region of the world a School Safety Preparedness Drill was organised in the Tibetan schools along the Himalayas in India at 11:00 morning. About 7,500 children participated in the first ever such kind of drill in India on 4 April 2009 in 25 Tibetan schools.
During the SSPD the schools prepare for an earthquake scenario and when the shaking starts the children along with staff perform a Drop Cover Hold on under sturdy tables and desks preparing to save themselves from falling objects. When the shaking stops everybody evacuates to a pre-designated assembly area followed by a debriefing.
With every passing year the drill started expanding to new areas covering more children both at Tibetan and non-Tibetan schools. In the 5th SSPD in 2013 more than 50,000 children participated in 162 schools in North and North East Indian states. Moreover, one school from Bhutan and another from Mandalay in Myanmar also participated in that drill. with participation of more than 725,000 children in 1100 schools.
References
Safety drills
Safety practices
Un amore di strega () was an Italian TV movie from 2009, in which Alessia Marcuzzi, Pietro Sermonti, Anna Galiena and Luca Ward were the main cast.
Plot
On their 30th birthday Carlotta, an organizer of weddings, discovers that their boyfriend is having an affair. Depressed, they don't realize that they received magical powers as a gift from their father, who they believed was dead. They discovered the possession only when they met the charming Ricardo Valenti, the manager that the mother has hired to save the business from bankruptcy. The two become a couple, but the sudden discovery of Carlotta's powers pushes Ricardo to marry their former girlfriend. It's up to Emma and Vlad, Carlotta's magical parents, stop it before it's too late.
Broadcasting
The movie made its premiere in the Italian TV channel Canale 5 on April 29, 2009.
See also
List of films about witchcraft
References
External links
2009 television films
2009 films
Italian television films
2000s Italian-language films
Films about witchcraft
2000s Italian films
Crime Scene is a website that presents fictional crime stories that are told through realistic case documents which can be investigated by the public. It was started in 1995 by Tom Arriola, an experimental theater director in Oxford, Mississippi, and was one of the earliest examples of an Alternate reality game, internet hoax, or superfiction. Early on it received some criticism from viewers who, after having believed it to be part of a real murder investigation, discovered that it was actually a work of fiction.
Content
Crime Scene tells stories through the use of false documents, a literary technique whereby invented documents and/or artifacts are presented as real. In this way, an author tries to create a strong enough sense of authenticity that the audience goes beyond the typical suspension of disbelief that one expects to maintain when engaging with a work of fiction. Unlike in many stories, however, false documents are the primary vehicle through which Crime Scene stories are told, rather than as accompaniment to a central written narrative.
Case documents can include interviews, evidence inventories, location sketches, biographies, press articles, forensic reports, anything that would normally be collected by detectives during an investigation. These documents are written and produced by Crime Scene staff and released serially. Viewers can discuss their ideas and offer theories by commenting in discussion areas, posting on their community profile page, and messaging other members directly. There is also an area where subscribers can "ask the detective" questions and receive a response from Crime Scene staff, who respond "in character" (i.e. as a real life detective working on the case). This format differentiates Crime Scene stories from other kinds of fiction, because "while readers of most paperback mystery stories are led down a single plot line, Crime Scene readers actively create a story line and participate in solving cases...".
The interactive nature of Crime Scene plays an integral part of the experience. Oftentimes, the audience's input influences what happens in the story. This was especially true when Crime Scene was first getting started and helped to shape the way that the site developed over time. As Arriola explained in an interview with Web Review in 1995: This turned out to be much more interactive than anybody knows. When we made up this thing, we just "killed" some girl on my kitchen floor, photographed it, and put it up on the Web. We didn't really think through all the details of the crime... But what happened was that people wrote in letters saying, "Here's what I think could have happened," or "Here's why I think this looks like it does." And what they did was answer questions that I hadn't answered myself yet. People formed the story by giving me leads, offering information, and posing questions...So it worked more like a crime scene really does work. We set up information, and people helped us move in the right direction.In addition to producing case documents, Crime Scene hires actors to play the parts of central characters. A "crime scene" is constructed and pictures of the "body" are taken and presented as crime scene photos. Sometimes all or part of an interview with a suspect or witness will be filmed and released along with the transcript of the interview. Actors can also play other roles such as television news anchors that report on the cases.
The site also has a web store that sells crime scene supplies, something which has garnered its own share of controversy over the years, with some people complaining that there isn't any reason why members of the public should have access to things such as body bags. Less controversially, the site also sells forensic science kits and "boxed crime scenes" for use in classrooms.
Fact vs. Fiction
The Crime Scene universe is very much interwoven with the real world and since its inception, the lines between the fictional story world and the real world were intentionally blurry. When the website went up in 1995, the site's creator identified themselves as Detective Ted Armstrong from the Oxford Police Department. They explained that they were looking for help solving the murder of a young woman. However, the intention wasn't to create a hoax. Whereas a hoax aims to deceive people as its end goal, Crime Scene uses deception as a way to make the story more immersive and to give people a sense of being part of a real life mystery. This kind of storytelling, still somewhat undefined even today, was very uncommon in 1995 before the internet became ubiquitous. Arriola explains, “I'm trying to come up with a name for this kind of entertainment, which pretends to be real – maybe this is 'faction'. It represents itself as fact, it's as factual as it can be, but it's fiction. I want to make people think this is real, at first. Then they have to do a little work to find out that it's not."Over the years, other kinds of entertainment have emerged giving more definition to what Arriola refers to as "faction", notably alternate reality games (ARGs). In most ARGs, the game itself never refers to itself as a game or admits that it is a work of fiction. In the ARG community, this is known as the "This Is Not A Game (TINAG)" principle. This principle is a call for the willful suspension of disbelief beyond the traditional boundaries of a story for the sake of a more immersive experience. Although the Crime Scene website no longer maintains the TINAG principle absolutely, (explaining in the FAQ section that the cases are works of fiction), it still tells stories as if they were real criminal cases. In fact, many visitors to the site still question its authenticity and express uncertainty as to whether or not it's real.
Crime Scene also spreads the stories out, not only into the real world but also across the internet and into other formats. In that stories are spread across different mediums, Crime Scene also finds a kinship with transmedia storytelling. For example, observant viewers might notice a website mentioned in a case document, such as a suspect's business website or the website for the fictional newspaper, The Oxford Weekly Planet. If they tried to go to the website they would find that it actually exists and appears to be authentic (i.e. produced by someone within the story world). However, in reality, these sites were created by Crime Scene staff. Another example is an e-book that was published in 2014 titled "Purity Knight: A Diary" which contains the diary of one of Crime Scene's fictional victims.
In Hamlet on the Holodeck: The Future of Narrative in Cyberspace, Janet Murray discusses the Crime Scene website as an example of storytelling innovations in the early days of the internet, citing how it allows viewers to weave between fact and fiction and at times "leap out of the story altogether and find [themselves] in the 'real' world". All of the stories presented on Crime Scene take place in the real world town of Oxford, Mississippi, and locations are closely mapped to real life places. In the early days of Crime Scene, almost every place or entity mentioned in the case documents were real. In fact, the first case published on the website used the real names, driver's licenses (with registration numbers scratched out), and other personal details of the actors portraying the characters.
The one major difference between Crime Scene's Oxford and the real Oxford in Lafayette County, Mississippi is that Crime Scene's Oxford is located in Yoknapatawpha County, the fictionalized municipality made famous by the writer William Faulkner. Faulkner situated their stories in Oxford and based locations and characters off of those they knew of in their real life. But they created Yoknapatawpha County to serve as the mythical story world in which their characters lived. Similarly, Crime Scene uses Yoknapatawpha County as the story world but keeps Oxford as the base between the story world and the real world.
The way in which Crime Scene blurs the line between fiction and reality is somewhat akin to, or perhaps the inverse of, what is referred to as breaking the fourth wall. However, as Stephen Conway explains in an article on Gamasutra; in games, what is commonly cited as a break in the fourth wall is better described as an expansion of the magic circle, the space in which the fictional game world exists and is separate from the real world. When the magic circle is expanded, elements outside of the game, such as websites, maps, or real world locations, are suddenly made into game pieces. Crime Scene expands the magic circle in just such a way, by making the game spill over into the real world so that viewers are unsure where the game ends and reality begins.
History
When the site launched in 1995 it consisted of only the original "Crime Scene Evidence File" which contained photos and evidence pertaining to the fictional murder of a real life friend of Tom Arriola. The site was originally located at the University of Mississippi at the (now defunct) address: http://www.quest.net/crime/crime.html. That initial case lasted nearly two years, over which time the website attracted attention within the growing community of internet enthusiasts and early adopters, such as the online technology magazine Web Review. Crime Scene was also recognized by Cool Site of the Day, the so-called "arbiter of taste on the Internet" in the 1990s, winning the title in July 1995 and October 2001.
Arriola got the idea for Crime Scene when they were working for the mystery novelist John Grisham. They also cited the internet's first webcam, the Trojan Room coffee pot as inspiration, saying "I realized that there was something more to the Web than a bunch of data; you can do more than just search for keywords. You can go there, live. It's more entertaining, more theatrical than people think. It has some qualities that are better than theater: in a theater, you sit and watch; on the Internet you're more active: you can go there and participate in an active way.”Five years later, Arriola discussed their vision with CNN, saying “My intent was to create a new form of theater, theater that had a new proscenium, and that would be the computer monitor...In my mind, this is the new theater of the future and the actors will be performing for the computer screen more than for the stage.”
Controversies
Hoax
The controversy that led to the website's initial notoriety was very much influenced by the historical context of the mid-1990s. As Arriola explained in a television interview in 1999, "The internet in 1995... [didn't have] any entertainment websites and so anything that you went to at that time was probably put together by a scientist or a college student and it was, for all intents and purposes, a bunch of facts."
The pragmatic nature of the early internet coupled with the website's own verisimilitude made it easy for the site's visitors to believe in its legitimacy. Additionally, there was no disclaimer anywhere on the website at the time that indicated that the crime was fictitious. So when Crime Scene was featured by the internet service Prodigy in its daily lineup, with a description noting that it featured "a real murder investigation", controversy ensued.
The increased publicity led to more visitors, and some of them began to question whether or not the investigation was real. One of the site's viewers called Prodigy's customer service line on two separate occasions and was reassured both times that the investigation was authentic. Then they called the real-life Oxford Police Department and the local newspaper, The Oxford Eagle, which was also named in the case documents, only to find out that nobody had any knowledge of the investigation.
When word got out that it was all a work of fiction, many viewers were upset and they contacted local authorities and media to seek a resolution. Some viewers complained of being "ripped-off" because they were paying Prodigy's service charge of $16 an hour for internet access and they spent hours poring through the case documents. When law enforcement in Oxford caught wind of what was going on they considered whether or not they could bring charges against Arriola. But as explained by Kathleen Flinn in an article detailing the controversy, "What would they charge them with, anyway? Impersonating an officer? Fraud? Filing a "false" report? In the end, they decided they had not really broken any laws".
Responding to the criticism in an interview with the asupervisorstioned Oxford Eagle, Arriola said, "'I used to feel bad that I tricked these people and made them upset...This reminds me of when realism hit the theaters; no one knew how to react. But rules for this sort of things is not made yet. We're still teaching people the conventions of how to behave in the theater of the Web.'"
Legal Dispute
In 1999, the metal band Slipknot released their debut album with a song that was inspired by and named after the victim in one of Crime Scene's earliest cases, Purity Knight. Like many visitors to the website, the band's lead singer, Corey Taylor, believed that the story was true, saying "I still think the story's real. It fucked our whole world up when we read it. Can you imagine a girl being buried in a box and have all this lecherous bullshit drip down on them from this guy? It just hurts your head."
The story was about a University of Mississippi student that was buried in a box underground and kept alive for days. The band also sampled audio clips from the Crime Scene website of Purity telling a story to a little boy who had discovered them in the box in the woods and recorded them The audio was sampled in the prelude to "Purity", which was titled "Frail Limb Nursery". When Crime Scene made allegations of copyright infringement, the band removed and replaced the two offending tracks and re-released the album in order to avoid a lawsuit. While the prelude "Frail Limb Nursery" was never re-released, "Purity" was included in the band's second DVD, Disasterpieces as well as the live album 9.0: Live, Antennas to Hell, and the 10th-anniversary edition of the self-titled album.
See also
Crime fiction
Digital storytelling
Dracula
History of the internet
Interactive fiction
Interactive theater
Mystery dinner
New media
Pervasive game
The Mysterious Package Company
The War of the Worlds
References
External links
www.crimescene.com
1995 establishments in Mississippi
Internet properties established in 1995
Wint Smith (October 7, 1892 – April 27, 1976) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas from 1947 to 1961.
Biography
Born in Mankato, Kansas, Smith attended a public school and graduated from Mankato High School. During the First World War they served in the United States Army as a combat infantry officer from May 11, 1917, to September 4, 1919, with twenty-four months' service overseas. They attended the University of Kansas in 1920 and the Yale Law School in 1922. They were admitted to the bar in 1923 and commenced practice in Kansas City, Kansas. They were admitted to practice in all federal courts, including the United States Supreme Court in 1934. From 1931 to 1940 they served as assistant attorney general and they were attorney for the Kansas Highway Commission from 1932 to 1940.
In 1933, the Kansas Legislature authorized the Highway Commission to hire 10 motor vehicle inspectors, increasing this number to 26 by November 1933. The legislation authorizing these inspectors charged them with the duty to patrol state highways as much as possible. In 1935, Governor Alfred Landon issued orders to the inspectors to "curb banditry" as far as the law would permit. With Landon's support, and statewide police jurisdiction, the inspectors' war on crime began.
Wint Smith, as chief of the legal department of the Highway Commission, served as director of the motor vehicle inspectors until the formation of the Kansas Highway Patrol in 1937.
During the Second World War, from May 1941 to December 1945, they served as lieutenant colonel and was the commanding officer of the 635th Tank Destroyer Battalion, with twenty-two months' service overseas. When they retired, they were promoted to brigadier general. They later resumed the practicing of law.
Smith was elected as a Republican to the 80th United States Congress and to the six succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1947 – January 3, 1961). Smith voted against the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960. They were not a candidate for renomination in 1960 to the Eighty-seventh Congress and was succeeded by fellow Republican Robert J. Dole of Russell. They subsequently returned to their home in Mankato and engaged in farming and ranching.
They died in Wichita, Kansas, April 27, 1976. They were interred in Mount Hope Cemetery, Mankato, Kansas.
References
Kansas Highway Patrol History
External links
1892 births
1976 deaths
People from Mankato, Kansas
Politicians from Kansas City, Kansas
United States Army officers
Yale Law School alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American politicians
A constitutional referendum was held in Guinea on 11 November 2001. The new constitution would remove presidential term limits, and increase the term from five to seven years. It was approved by 98.36% of voters, and although boycotted by the opposition, turnout was reported to be 87.2% turnout.
Results
References
2001
2001 referendums
2001 in Guinea
Constitutional referendums
Baliuag University (B.U.) is a private university in the Philippines. It was founded in 1925 and is the first school granted full autonomy in Central Luzon by the Commission on Higher Education.
It offers graduate programs in education, business, library science and nursing. Its undergraduate programs in business administration and accountancy, liberal arts and education are Level 3 accredited. Other offerings are engineering, nursing, library science, computer studies and hospitality management. It offers two-year Voc-Tech, Associate in Health Science as well as kinder, grade school and high school programs, LET review classes, call center training and college evening programs.
It is one of four IMCI (Integrated Management of Childhood Illness) training school in the Philippines, with University of the Philippines Diliman, University of Santo Tomas, and St. Paul University Iloilo.
Academics
Basic Education
Pre-Elementary
Elementary
Junior High School
Senior High School
Undergraduate
College of Liberal Arts and General Education (CLAGE)
Bachelor of Arts in Communication (Level III Reacrredited)
Bachelor of Arts in Communication and Bachelor of Arts in Journalism (a double-degree program in partnership with Manila Times College)
Bachelor of Arts in Political Science (Level III Reaccredited)
College of Business Administration and Accountancy (CBAA)
Bachelor of Science in Accountancy (Level II Reaccredited)
Bachelor of Science in Management Accounting
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (Level IV Reaccredited), Major in:
Human Resource Development Management
Marketing Management
Financial Management
College of Education and Human Development (CEHD)
Bachelor of Early Childhood Education
Bachelor of Elementary Education (Level IV 1st Reaccredited)
Bachelor of Secondary Education (Level IV 1st Reaccredited), Major in:
English
Filipino
Mathematics
Science
Bachelor of Physical Education
Bachelor of Library and Information Science (Candidate for Accreditation)
Bachelor of Science in Psychology
Bachelor of Science in Social Work
Certificate in Teacher Education
Post-Baccalaureate Diploma in Alternative Learning System
College of Environmental Design and Engineering (CEDE)
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering (Level II Reaccredited)
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
College of Nursing and Allied Health Sciences (CNAHS)
Bachelor of Science in Nursing (Level IV Reaccredited)
Bachelor of Science in Nutrition and Dietetics
Bachelor of Science in Medical Technology/Medical Laboratory Science
College of Information Technology Education (CITE)
Associate in Computer Technology
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science (Level II 1st Reaccredited), Major in:
Animation and Game Development
Software Development
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (Level II 1st Reaccredited), Major in:
Web and Mobile Application Development
Network Administration and Security Management
Service Management for BPO
College of Hospitality Management and Tourism (CHMT)
Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management
Bachelor of Science in Tourism Management
School of Graduate Studies
Doctoral Programs
Doctor of Education (Ed.D.)
Doctor of Business Administration (DBA)
Master's Program
Master in Business Administration (MBA) (Level III Reaccredited)
Master in Public Administration (MPA)
Master of Library & Information Science (MLIS)
Master of Arts in Nursing (MAN)
Master of Science in Nursing (MSN), Non-Thesis
Master of Science in Hospitality & Tourism Management (MSHTM)
Master of Arts in Education (MAEd) (Level III Reaccredited)
Master of Arts in Teaching (MAT)
Master in Information Technology (MIT)
Baliuag University Cultural and Sports Center
The Baliuag University Cultural and Sports Center is a gymnasium complex located at the Annex 2 of the university. The ground floor serves as the mock hotel, College of Hospitality Management and Tourism (CHMT), and the second floor is the gymnasium which can seat 2,000 or more people. It serves as the Faculty of the Physical Education department. It was used in many activities such as sports, studies and events.
The Green Building (University I.T. Building)
The new Green Building is the home of College of Information Technology Education (CITE) and medical/dental clinic of the university. It has IT laboratories for kinder to college, and solar panels to act as the energy source of the building. It also reduces pollution by using natural sources of energy.
Library
Baliuag University is one of the few universities that has a complete division of a library network. It has the general or the Reference library wherein the Map section is, the Circulation library, the Filipiniana library, and the Student Study Center: divided into the University Archives and the Baliuag Artifacts.
The Internet library is a computer laboratory on the second floor. It acts as the online library of the university as well as a research facility. Another addition to the library network is the multimedia kiosk.
Annexes
Main Campus is the seat of administration of the university. It houses the offices, main facilities, chapel, library, and the quadrangle. Five of the seven colleges of the university are located here.
Annex 2 is beside the main campus and is linked by an overpass. it houses the I.T laboratories, the Elementary department and the High School department as well as the B.U Cultural and Sports Center and Green Building. Two of the seven colleges of the university are located here.
Annex 3 is west of the main campus and northwest of Annex 2. It houses more courses, classrooms and parking space. The architecture of the building marks the "brick design" trademark of B.U., influencing several renovated renditions of the B.U main gate, and the Green Building.
Annex 4 is the Tumana Campus located in Brgy. San Jose, Baliuag, Bulacan. It houses two outdoor courts for basketball and volleyball, open field, and classrooms for technical-vocational courses. This campus is also sometimes used for intramurals events due to its sports facilities and open wide area.
Annex 5 is located on Brgy. Tibag, Baliuag, Bulacan. This small campus houses additional classrooms for graduate studies.
Annex 6 is the newest campus of the university. It is located on Brgy. Poblacion, the commercial center of the town. It houses the Grade 12 department of Senior High School.
Notable alumni
Rolando F. Salvador - former municipal mayor of Baliuag, Bulacan from 1998 until 2004.
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1925
Universities and colleges in Bulacan
1925 establishments in the Philippines
Ömerler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 414 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Imma cincta is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Herbert Druce in 1898. It is found in Guatemala.
The forewings are black, with several very minute yellowish spots along the outer margin. The hindwings are blackish-brown, paler at the base, and with a small black spot at the end of the cell and a black fringe.
References
Moths described in 1898
Immidae
Moths of Central America
Shekhar Naik (born 7 April 1986) is an Indian blind cricketer and a former captain of the India national blind cricket team. They captained India to victories at the T20 Blind Cricket World Cup in 2012 and Blind Cricket World Cup in 2014. In 2017, the Government of India awarded Naik with Padma Shri, the country's fourth highest civilian honour.  They are a Right-handed batsman and also a wicket-keeper.
Personal life
Naik was born in a nomadic Banjara family in Arakere in southern Karnataka as the son of a farmer. They were born completely blind, and their mother and 15 members of their family also had visual impairment. Naik injured their head after falling down along the bank of a river when they were seven. They were taken to a health camp organised nearby, and during the treatment the doctors realised the possibility of restoring sight in their right eye. They were subsequently operated upon in Bangalore and was able to get 60% of their vision in their right eye.
Their father died soon after, and they were sent to the Shri Sharada Devi School for the Blind in Shimoga. They learnt to play cricket while at the school. They worked in the fields during the summer holidays to fund their cricketing ambitions. Their mother died when they were 12. While not playing, they work as a sports coordinator for an NGO called Samarthanam, which funds the Cricket Association for the Blind in India. They have two daughters.
Career
In 2000, they were drafted into the Karnataka team after scoring 136 runs in 46 balls. They were called up into the India national blind cricket team in 2002 and went on to captain the team in 2010. Every team consists of 4 B1 players (completely blind), 3 B2 players (partially blind) and 4 B3 players (partially sighted). Naik is among the B2 players. They were the man of the tournament in the 2006 World Cup. They scored 134 runs in 58 balls against England in the finals, to help the team win the inaugural T20 world cup in 2012. They also led the team to victory in the 2014 Cricket World Cup held in South Africa. In 2017, they became the first Blind cricketer to be awarded the Padma Shri.
References
Sources
External links
1986 births
Living people
Blind people from India
Blind cricketers
People from Shimoga
Recipients of the Padma Shri in sports
Kallipatti Ramasamy Palaniswamy is an Indian gastroenterologist, medical academic and writer and a senior consultant at Apollo Hospital, Chennai.  They are a former president (2004–05) of the Indian Society of Gastroenterology and a patron its Tamil Nadu chapter. After graduating in medicine from JJM Medical College, Davangere in 1972, they continued their studies to secure an MD in general medicine in 1977 and a DM in gastroenterology in 1981, simultaneously working as a member of faculty. In 1986, while working as an assistant professor, they were deputed to Stanley Medical College, Chennai as a professor where they established the department of gastroenterology.
Palaniswamy, who has written several articles on gastroenterology, served as a member of the Academic Boards of the Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences from 1986 to 1996 and Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University in 1997 and was a member of the Indian delegation for the Academic Exchange programs to Germany in 1986 and to USSR in 1987. They chaired the Mid-Term ISG Conference of 2014 and serves as a National Faculty of the Indian Society of Organ Transplantation (ISOT). A fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Glasgow, they were awarded the degree of Doctor of Science by Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University in 2014. The Government of India awarded them the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2007, for their contributions to medical science.  They are married to Padmini and the family lives in Chennai.
References
External links
Recipients of the Padma Shri in medicine
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Scientists from Chennai
Indian gastroenterologists
Indian medical academics
Indian medical administrators
Indian medical writers
University of Madras faculty
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow
20th-century Indian medical doctors
20th-century surgeons
Nettleden is a village and former civil parish, now in the parish of Nettleden with Potten End, in the Dacorum district, in the county of Hertfordshire, England. It is in the Chiltern Hills, about four miles north-west of Hemel Hempstead, near Little Gaddesden, Great Gaddesden and Frithsden. In 1931 the parish had a population of 133.
Etymology
The village name of Nettleden is Anglo-Saxon in origin and means 'valley where nettles grow'. In manorial records of the late twelfth century the village was recorded as Neteleydene.
History
Historically, Nettleden was a hamlet in the parish of Pitstone in Buckinghamshire, although the boundary of the hamlet was almost surrounded by the county of Hertfordshire. Nettleden was included in the Berkhamsted Poor Law Union from 1835. As Nettleden had its own overseer of the poor, it was deemed to be a separate civil parish from 10 August 1866 under the Poor Law Amendment Act 1866. When district councils were established in December 1894, Nettleden was included in the Berkhamsted Rural District, which was temporarily allowed to straddle Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire pending Nettleden being transferred to Hertfordshire, which happened on 30 September 1895.
The church, St Lawrence, was first mentioned in 1285 when it became a part of the endowment of Ashridge Monastery. The church, except for the tower, was largely rebuilt in brick by John, Earl of Bridgewater, in 1811. Until 1895 it was a chapelry of Pitstone.
The hamlet of St Margaret's, formerly belonging to Ivinghoe in Buckinghamshire, was added to the parish of Nettleden in 1895 at the same time as the county boundary change. Here, Henry de Blois, bishop of Winchester, founded the nunnery of St Margaret's de Bosco. After the Dissolution in 1539, St Margaret's came into private hands. During the Second World War, St Margaret's Camp was a London County Council senior school for evacuee boys from London. The school closed one week after the end of the war in Europe, when all the boys were returned to their homes in London. Since 1984 it has been the Amaravati Buddhist Monastery.
On 1 April 1937 the civil parish of Nettleden was abolished, joining with parts of the parishes of Great Berkhampstead Rural and Northchurch to form a new parish called Nettleden with Potten End.
From Nettleden to Frithsden runs the Roman Road or Spooky Lane, named in reference to the ghost of an Ashridge monk. In the early 19th century, the lane was dug deeper into the hill, with high revetted walls on both sides, and a bridge was built over the lane, in order that people using the driveway leading to Ashridge did not meet the villagers. Another feature of Nettleden is the steep Pipers Hill to the east of the village.
References
External links
Nettleden (A Guide to Old Hertfordshire)
Nettleden (British-History)
Nettleden Conservation Area - Character Appraisal& Management Proposals
Villages in Hertfordshire
Former civil parishes in Hertfordshire
Dacorum
The chestnut-crested yuhina (Staphida everetti) is a species of bird in the white-eye family Zosteropidae. The species has been included in the genus Staphida, along with the Indochinese yuhina and the striated yuhina of mainland Asia, and all three have been considered a single species. The scientific name commemorates British colonial administrator and zoological collector Alfred Hart Everett.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia where it is endemic to the island of Borneo. Its natural habitat is broadleaf evergreen submontane and montane forests, forest edge and secondary growth from . They are common and are often one of the most common species in their range.
References
chestnut-crested yuhina
Endemic birds of Borneo
chestnut-crested yuhina
chestnut-crested yuhina
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The Victoria Memorial Hospital () is a health facility in Salop Road, Welshpool, Powys, Wales. It is managed by the Powys Teaching Health Board.
History
The facility has its origins in the Victoria Nursing Institute, the site for which was a gift from the Misses Howell of Rhiewport. It was designed by Frank Shayler, built by Evan Davies and opened in November 1902. It joined the National Health Service as the Victoria Memorial Hospital in 1948 and was substantially rebuilt in 2004. A new 12-bed renal unit opened at the hospital in January 2013.
References
Hospitals in Powys
Hospitals established in 1902
1902 establishments in Wales
Hospital buildings completed in 1902
NHS hospitals in Wales
Powys Teaching Health Board
Listeriosis is an infectious but not contagious disease caused by the bacterium Listeria monocytogenes, far more common in domestics animals (domestic mammals and poultry), especially ruminants, than in human beings. It can also occur in feral animals—among others, game animals—as well as in poultry and other birds.
The causative bacterium lives in the soil and in poorly made silage, and is acquired by ingestion. It is not contagious; over the course of a 30-year observation period of sheep disease in Morocco, the disease only appeared in the late 2000s (decade) when feeding bag-ensiled corn became common. In Iceland, the disease is called "silage sickness".
The disease is sporadic, but can occur as farm outbreaks in ruminants.
Three main forms are usually recognized throughout the affected species:
encephalitis, the most common form in ruminants. Meningitis or meningoencephalitis are possibilities.
late abortion
gastrointestinal sepsis with liver damage, in monogastric species as well as in preruminant calves and lambs
Listeriosis in animals can sometimes be cured with antibiotics (tetracyclines and benzyl penicillin) when diagnosed early. Goats, for example, can be treated upon noticing facial paralysis, but is generally fatal.
Listeriosis in sheep
In sheep, the disease is also called the "circling disease". The most obvious signs for the veterinarians are neurological, especially lateral deviation of the neck and head.
Further reading
References
External links
Listeriosis in Cattle
Description of the disease in the Merck Veterinary Manual
Animal bacterial diseases
Listeriosis
Joe Jones (born 30 September 1944) is a Canadian former cyclist. They competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Canadian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Canada
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Welsh emigrants to Canada
31st Infantry Battalion is an Estonian Ground Force rapid reaction unit, which is based on the army reservists. The unit was in active readiness from 1 August 2008 until 31 July 2009.
This unit is formed on the basis of conscripts whose conscription lasted from July 2007 until May 2008. Members of it provide the Defence Resource Board with their address, place of work, phone number and e-mail and inform the latter of any changes of these data.
After one year it will be changed by other unit.
See also
1st Infantry brigade
References
Battalions of Estonia
Charles Lively (1893 – January 1971) was a British athlete. They competed in the men's long jump and the men's triple jump at the 1920 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1893 births
1971 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1920 Summer Olympics
British male long jumpers
British male triple jumpers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Place of birth missing
Mediastinitis is inflammation of the tissues in the mid-chest, or mediastinum. It can be either acute or chronic. It is thought to be due to four different etiologies:
direct contamination
hematogenous or lymphatic spread
extension of infection from the neck or retroperitoneum
extension from the lung or pleura
Acute mediastinitis is usually caused by bacteria and is most often due to perforation of the esophagus. As the infection can progress rapidly, this is considered a serious condition.
Chronic sclerosing (or fibrosing) mediastinitis, while potentially serious, is caused by a long-standing inflammation of the mediastinum, leading to growth of acellular collagen and fibrous tissue within the chest and around the central vessels and airways. It has a different cause, treatment, and prognosis than acute infectious mediastinitis.
Space infections: Pretracheal space – lies anterior to trachea. Pretracheal space infection leads to mediastinitis. Here, the fascia fuses with the pericardium and the parietal pleura, which explains the occurrence of empyema and pericardial effusion in mediastinitis. However, infectious of other spaces can also lead to mediastinitis.
Symptoms
Acute
Acute mediastinitis is an infectious process and can cause fever, chills, tachycardia. Pain can occur with mediastinitis but the location of the pain depends on which part of the mediastinum is involved. When the upper mediastinum is involved, the pain is typically retro-sternal pain. When the lower mediastinum is involved, pain can be located between in the scapulae and radiate around to the chest.
Chronic
Symptoms depend on what organs of the mediastinum the disease is affecting. They might be caused by a constricted airway, constricted esophagus, or constricted blood vessels. Symptoms also depend on how mush fibrosis has occurred. There may be cough, shortness of breath, coughing up blood, pain in the chest, and difficulty in swallowing.
Causes
Acute
Esophageal perforation, a form of direct contamination, accounts for 90% of acute mediastinal infections. Esophageal perforation can arise from vomiting, incidental trauma from a procedure or operation, external trauma, ingestion of corrosive substances, malignancy, or other esophageal disease.
Other causes of acute mediastinitis include infection secondary to cervical disease which arises from dental procedures, skin infections of the neck, neck trauma, or neck procedures.
Descending necrotizing mediastinitis (DNM) was first described by Herman E. Pearse Jr., M.D. in 1938 and they stated, "the term 'mediastinitis' means little unless qualified by a description of its type and kind." Although Descending Necrotizing Mediastinitis is an acute mediastinitis, it is distinct because it does not originate from structures within the mediastinum. Therefore, the term Descending Necrotizing Mediastinitis implies that the infection of the mediastinum originated from a primary site in the head or neck and descended through fascial spaces into the mediastinum.
Though rare in developed countries, acute mediastinitis can be caused by inhalation of bacterial spores such as Anthrax. Historically, this infection was referred to as Wool-sorter's Disease. In the lungs, spores can spread via lymphatics to mediastinal lymph nodes, where the mature rods can release exotoxins promoting edema and tissue necrosis. Clinically, persons infected with anthrax can develop a hemorrhagic mediastinitis, which manifests as acute pulmonary hemorrhage and meningitis. Hallmark finding of disease is a widened mediastinum visualized on chest x-ray. Once clinical symptoms of anthrax induced mediastinitis appear, disease is nearly 100% fatal. Individuals with known exposure to spores may be treated prophylactically with antibiotics (fluoroquinolones or tetracycline) to prevent disease progression.
Chronic
There are two types of fibrosing mediastinitis: granulomatous and non-granulomatous. Granulomatous mediastinitis is due to a granulomatous process of the mediastinal lymph nodes leading to fibrosis and chronic abscesses in the mediastinum. The most common causes are histoplasmosis and tuberculosis infections. Non-granulomatous fibrosing mediastinitis is caused by an idiopathic reaction to drugs and radiation therapy. Autoimmune disease and Behcet's disease are also causes.
Etiology
An observational retrospective study of 17 patients diagnosed with DNM found that the infections most often originated from neck infections including tonsillar abscess, pharyngitis, and epiglottitis. The study also found that most infections are poly-microbial. Often the culprits are usually Gram-positive bacteria and anaerobes, though rarely, Gram-negative bacteria are also present. This severe form represents 20% of acute mediastinitis cases.
Diagnosis
Acute
Acute mediastinitis can be confirmed by contrast x-rays since most cases of acute mediastinitis are due to esophageal perforation. Other studies that can be used include endoscopic visualization, Chest CT scan with oral and intravenous contrast.
With regards to CT Imaging, the extent of involvement of the mediastinum can be evaluated. Therefore, acute mediastinitis can be classified into three categories:
diffuse mediastinitis
isolated mediastinal abscess
mediastinitis or mediastinal abscess complicated by empyema or subphrenic abscess.
Chronic
Most cases of granulomatous mediastinitis (75%) are incidentally found on chest x-rays which show a mediastinal mass, or widening of the mediastinum.
Treatment
Treatment for acute mediastinitis usually involves aggressive intravenous antibiotic therapy and hydration. If discrete fluid collections or grossly infected tissue have formed (such as abscesses), they may have to be surgically drained or debrided.
Treatment for DNM usually requires an operation to remove and drain infected necrotic tissue. Broad spectrum intravenous antibiotics are also given to treat the infection. Patients are typically managed in the intensive care unit due to the severity of the disease.
Treatment for chronic fibrosing mediastinitis is somewhat controversial, and may include steroids or surgical decompression of affected vessels.
Prognosis
Fibrosing mediastinitis can lead to entrapment of mediastinal structures. The mortality of DNM ranges from 10 to 40% due to sepsis and multi-organ failure if not recognized and intervened upon early.
References
External links
Respiratory diseases
Thorax (human anatomy)
IgG4-related disease
Hillend may refer to:
Hillend, Fife
Hillend, Edinburgh
The Schwäbisches Turmuhrenmuseum in Mindelheim, Germany is a small horological museum dedicated to the history of towerclocks. It is located in a former historic church, the Silvesterkirche, as well as the associated clocktower, the Kappelturm. Large working towerclocks are located on every floor of the tower, allowing the visitor to fully experience towerclocks in their natural environment.
Collection
The collection focuses on towerclocks from the 16th through the early 20th century. It is particularly strong in German towerclocks of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Altogether over 50 clocks are displayed, most of them in running condition. A special attraction is the world's second longest clock pendulum, over 9 meters long, ticking once every five seconds, housed in the tower. Their showpiece is the 1750 abbey clock from Füssen, a one of a kind piece forged by one of the monks. Another attraction is the replica of a 1529 clock with astronomical indications showing the location of sun and moon, as well as the occurrence of eclipses.
History
The building, a church, originally dates from 1409, but was extensively adjusted to the baroque style of the time in 1763. It was desecularized in 1804 and became the towerclock museum in 1979, when the formerly private collection of Wolfgang Vogt became a public municipal museum.
See also
Horology
References
Horological museums in Germany
Museums in Bavaria
Museums established in 1979
1979 establishments in West Germany
Lumbrineridae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Eunicida.
Genera
Genera:
Abyssoninoe Orensanz, 1990
Aotearia Benham, 1927
Augeneria Monro, 1930
References
Polychaetes
Annelid families
Amédée (Aimé) Gibaud (5 March 1885, in Rochefort-sur-Mer – 18 August 1957, in Rochefort-sur-Mer) was a French chess master.
They won the French Chess Championship four times (1928, 1930, 1935, 1940) and won the French correspondence championship three times (1929, 1931, 1932). They tied for fourth/fifth at Ramsgate 1929 (Premier A, William Gibson won).
Gibaud played for France in 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad at Paris 1924, and 3rd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Munich 1936.
Apocryphal game
A very short attributed to Gibaud and Frédéric Lazard is frequently reproduced in chess literature, sometimes with the claim that it was the shortest game ever played between masters in a formal setting. In its shortest and most commonly reproduced version, the game consists of four moves by each player. Black (Lazard) rapidly develops their king's knight to e3 after White (Gibaud) weakens the defense of the square.
In the final position White is unable to prevent the capture of their queen, because doing so would allow Black to force checkmate: 5. fxe3 Qh4+ 6. g3 Qxg3#.
The four-move, "formal" version of the game is not accepted as a real historical event. Gibaud denied having ever lost a serious game in four moves, instead suggesting that they may have lost a casual game against Lazard involving similar positional themes, albeit with more than four moves played. Gibaud also suggested that their game with Lazard might have been confused with a previously published "theoretical" miniature. Although the four-move version of the game is not accepted as historically accurate, it illustrates several principles of gameplay: the possibility for rapid development to cause serious problems for an opponent, the importance of not weakening the defense of critical squares, and the importance of defending a structural weakness on the kingside in the initial phase of the game (especially involving the f- and g- pawns), which if left unguarded may lead to a quick checkmate, akin to Fool's mate.
References
1885 births
French chess players
1957 deaths
Yu Hyun-mok (July 2, 1925 – June 28, 2009) was a South Korean film director. Born in Sariwon, Hwanghae, Korea (North Korea today), they made their film debut in 1956 with Gyocharo (Crossroads). According to the website koreanfilm.org, their 1961 film Obaltan "has repeatedly been voted the best Korean film of all time in local critics' polls." Yu attended the San Francisco International Film Festival in 1963, where Variety called Obaltan a "remarkable film", and praised Yu's "[b]rilliantly detailed camera" and the film's "probing sympathy and rich characterizations."
Their dedication to the intellectual side of film and interest in using film to deal with social and political issues led them to have difficulties both with box-office-oriented producers, and with Korea's military government during the 1960s and 1970s. Korean critics have said their directing style is "in the tradition of the Italian Neorealists," yet "the terms 'modernist' or 'expressionistic' [are] just as applicable to their works."
Besides their directing activities, they have taught film, and made a significant contribution to Korean animation by producing Kim Cheong-gi's 1976 animated film, Robot Taekwon V. A retrospective of Yu's career was held at the 4th Pusan International Film Festival in 1999.
Yu died from a stroke on June 28, 2009.
Filmography
Awards
Blue Dragon Film Awards
Best Picture/Best Director (Descendant of Cain) (1968)
Grand Bell Awards
Best Director (To Give Freely) (1962)
Best Director (Martyr) (1965)
Best Director (Bun-Rye's Story) (1971)
Best Picture (Flame) (1975)
Honorary Director Award (1995)
Korean Film Critics Awards
Best Director (Son of Man) (1980)
Order of Cultural Merit, Korean government (1988)
Pusan International Film Festival
Award for Artistic Contribution (2003)
References
External links
The Yu Hyun-mok Page at koreanfilm.org
1925 births
2009 deaths
South Korean film directors
Recipients of the Order of Cultural Merit (Korea)
People from Sariwon
Dongguk University faculty
Adventures of the Queen is a 1975 American made-for-television drama film starring Robert Stack. It was made as a pilot for a potential TV series but screened as a stand-alone TV movie.
Plot
The captain and doctor on a cruise liner have to deal with various crises, including a hidden bomb, a suicide attempt and a billionaire.
Cast
Robert Stack as Captain James Morgan
David Hedison as Dr Peter Brooks
Ralph Bellamy as J L Dundeen
Bradford Dillman as Martin Reed
Sorrell Booke as Robert Dwight
Burr DeBenning as Ted Trevor
John Randolph as John Howe
Ellen Weston as Ann Trevor
Linden Chiles as Matthew Evans
Sheila Matthews as Claudine Lennart
Mills Watson as Jim Greer
Frank Marth as Phillips
Production
It was the first of three movies Allen did for TV in the wake of the success of The Towering Inferno, the others being The Swiss Family Robinson and Time Travelers. Each was made through 20th Century Fox for $1 million but was done for different networks. They were all done as pilots for potential TV series.
"I missed television," said Allen. "There's a hysteria and an excitement in television that exists nowhere else in business."
Allen called the film "Son of Poseidon Adventure." It was mostly shot on the Queen Mary in Long Beach.
References
External links
Adventures of the Queen at IMDb
Adventures of the Queen at TCMDB
Adventures of the Queen at Irwin Allen
1975 television films
1975 films
1975 drama films
CBS network films
Films directed by David Lowell Rich
Films produced by Irwin Allen
Films scored by Richard LaSalle
Films with screenplays by John Gay (screenwriter)
20th Century Fox Television films
1970s English-language films
American drama television films
1970s American films
Raimo Suikkanen (20 December 1942 – 22 January 2021) was a Finnish racing cyclist. They competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1942 births
2021 deaths
People from Iitti
Finnish male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Finland
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Kymenlaakso
The Arnoldus Brumby House is a historic house in Marietta, Georgia, United States. It was built in the Antebellum Era for a West Point graduate and Confederate colonel. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The house was built in 1851 for Colonel Arnoldus Brumby, a graduate of the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York. During the American Civil War of 1861–1865, Brumby served as a colonel in the Confederate States Army (CSA). The house was subsequently purchased by Ellan M. Bradley.
Architectural significance
The house was designed in the Greek Revival architectural style, with Egyptian Revival features. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since August 29, 1977.
References
Houses in Cobb County, Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in Cobb County, Georgia
Greek Revival architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Houses completed in 1851
Carolina Moon is a 2000 romantic suspense novel by American author Nora Roberts. It is a standalone novel featuring Tory Bodeen as the hero and Kincade Lavelle as their love interest. It was made into a TV movie for the Lifetime network in 2007.
Plot summary
Tory Bodeen survived a difficult childhood thanks to their father's religious views and their special gift—another sense that can see events about to happen or happening. Them world is shattered when their best friend, Hope Lavelle, is murdered.
As an adult, Tory returns to Progress, South Carolina to start their own business and face their past. They run into old friends, their cousin Wade, and Hope's family. Facing Hope's twin, Faith, is irritating while seeing Cade Lavelle reignites an old flame.
When bodies start to pile up, Tory has to use their gift to try to locate a killer before it is too late. At the same time, their estranged father starts making unwelcome appearances at their shop and home.
Film adaptation
See Carolina Moon for more information on the Lifetime version of the novel starring Claire Forlani as Tory Bodeen.
References
2000 American novels
Works by Nora Roberts
Novels set in South Carolina
American novels adapted into films
Romantic suspense novels
American romance novels
American novels adapted into television shows
is a Japanese football player.
Club statistics
Updated to 23 February 2016.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Fukuoka University alumni
Association football people from Kumamoto Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Kashima Antlers players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
Association football goalkeepers
Universiade medalists in football
Universiade gold medalists for Japan
Corestheta elongata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Broun in 1883, originally under the genus Somatidia. It is known from New Zealand.
References
Dorcadiini
Beetles described in 1883
Lía Victoria Borrero González (born August 22, 1976) is a Panamanian beauty queen who the first Panamanian delegate in history to win a major beauty pageant, the title of Miss International 1998.
Early life
Lía won their first beauty contest in early 1996 when they became queen of the Las Tablas carnival, a title that had previously been won by their aunt by the same name Lía Victoria Borrero de Jurado.
Señorita Panamá
They competed in the Miss Panama competition that same year, where they beat other 14 contestants and became Miss Panama 1996. This gave them the opportunity to compete in the Miss Universe 1997 pageant, broadcast live from Miami Beach, Florida.
Miss Universe
They were a Top 6 finalist, the highest placement ever by a Panamanian at the time (a record that would not be surpassed until 2002). Miss USA, Brook Mahealani Lee would be the eventual winner.
Miss International
Later, they were invited to participate in the Miss International 1998 beauty pageant, which is annually held in Japan. On September 26, 1998, they became the first ever Panamanian to win a major international pageant, overcoming other strong delegates such as Venezuela and Colombia. They worked for the International Culture Association (ICA) during their year-long reign, helping the One Love Fund, a foundation that gives donations to people who suffer from natural disasters, through the creation of goodwill activities.
References
1976 births
Living people
Miss International winners
Miss International 1998 delegates
Miss Universe 1997 contestants
Panamanian beauty pageant winners
Señorita Panamá
The Moses Andrews House is a historic house museum at 424 West Main Street in Meriden, Connecticut. Built about 1760, it is one of a small number of surviving 18th-century houses in the city. It has been operated by the local historical society as a museum property since about 1940. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Description and history
The Moses Andrews House stands on the western fringe of downtown Meriden, on the south side of West Main Street. It is in a heavily developed area, surrounded by modern commercial development and a public school. It is a -story wood-frame structure, with a central chimney, gabled roof, and clapboarded exterior. Its rear roofline extends to the first floor, giving it a saltbox profile. At both the second floor at attic gable level there are slight overhangs. The main facade is five bays wide, with windows arranged symmetrically around a center entrance. The entrance is framed by a 19th-century surround, with pilasters and a simple dentillated projecting cornice above. The interior follows a typical central chimney plan, with a narrow entrance vestibule that also houses a winding staircase. Many of the interior finishes are original, including fireplace surrounds, flooring, and period door hardware.
The house was built about 1760 by Samuel Andrews, and was later inherited by their son Moses. Moses was a prominent figure in Meriden during the American Revolution: distrusted as a possible Loyalist due to their Anglican faith, they were forbidden to attend church in Wallingford, and ended up hosting Anglican (and later Episcopalian) services in their home. After their death, the house passed out of the family, and was purchased by the city in 1926, mainly for the surrounding land, on which the school was built. About 1940 a citizens' committee was formed to oversee its care, which eventually merged with the local historical society.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Haven County, Connecticut
References
External links
Andrews Homestead at the Meriden Historical Society
National Register of Historic Places in New Haven County, Connecticut
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
American colonial architecture
Houses completed in 1760
Historic house museums in Connecticut
Meriden, Connecticut
Agdzhakishlag and Aghjaghshlagh may refer to:
Agdzhakishlag, Armenia
Getapnya, Armenia
Getazat, Armenia
is a train station in Yamaguchi, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Ube Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1953
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Vilde Johansen (born 25 July 1994) is a Norwegian handball player who plays for Herning-Ikast Håndbold.
They made their debut for Norway women's national handball team on 24 July 2015, against Russia.
Achievements
Olympic Games:
Bronze: 2020
Norwegian Championship:
Winner: 2013/2014, 2014/2015, 2015/2016 (Larvik)
Bronze medalist: 2018/2019 (Tertnes)
Norwegian Cup:
Winner: 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
Danish Cup:
Winner: 2019
Individual awards
All-Star Line Player of Eliteserien: 2018/2019
References
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tønsberg
Norwegian female handball players
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate handball players
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Norway
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in handball
The Ammunition Hunters is a 1971 Taiwanese action film directed by Ting Shan-hsi, starring Peter Yang and Chen Chen.
Cast
Peter Yang
Chen Chen
Sally Chen
Sun Yueh
Sit Hon
Shan Mao
Ko Hsiang-ting
O Yau Man
So Gam Lung
Tsui Fu-sheng
Yeung Fui Yuk
External links
The Ammunition Hunters at HKcinemamagic.com
1971 action films
1971 films
1971 martial arts films
Kung fu films
Taiwanese martial arts films
Films set in the 1920s
Films set in China
Films directed by Ting Shan-hsi
Dragan Kovačić (5 October 1939 – 11 February 1999) was a Yugoslav-Croatian basketball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1939 births
1999 deaths
Croatian men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Yugoslav men's basketball players
1963 FIBA World Championship players
1967 FIBA World Championship players
Manole Pass (, ‘Prohod Manole' \'pro-hod ma-'no-le\) is the ice-covered saddle of elevation separating Veregava Ridge from Doyran Heights in the east foothills of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. It is part of the glacial divide between the upper courses of Dater Glacier to the southwest and its tributary Hansen Glacier to the northeast.
The saddle is named after the settlement of Manole in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Manole Pass is centred at , which is east-northeast of Mount Vinson, east-southeast of Vanand Peak, southeast of Parangalitsa Peak, south by west of Mount Waldron, west of Mount Tuck and north of Prosenik Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Manole Pass Saddle. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Manole Pass. Copernix satellite image
Mountain passes of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
The 2017 Indonesian Movie Actors Awards was the 11th annual Indonesian Movie Actors Awards show that was held at Plenary Hall INews Centre and organised by RCTI. With the theme Glamour of Indonesia this event was hosted by Daniel Mananta and Arie Untung. The event was attended by the CEO of MNC Group, Hary Tanoesoedibjo and the Chairman of the Indonesian Film Artists Association (PARFI) and the Indonesian Film and Television Employees (KFT), Febryan Adhitya.
In these awards show, the film Cek Toko Sebelah succeeded in becoming the Favorite Film of the Viewers' Choice. Meanwhile, Reza Rahadian won two trophies for the Best and the Favourite Actor category thanks to their role in the film My Stupid Boss. Bisma Karisma also won two awards for the Best and the Favourite Newcomer for their role in the film Juara.
Judges
Presenters
Daniel Mananta
Arie Untung
Robby Purba
Ayushita
Performers
NOAH
Gamaliel Audrey Cantika
Ari Lasso
Maudy Ayunda
Sheryl Sheinafia
Ario Bayu
Lala Karmela
Berlian Hutauruk
Winners and nominees
Best
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.
{| class="wikitable"width="100%"
|-
! style="background:#EEDD82;" ! style="width="50%" | Best Actor
! style="background:#EEDD82;" ! style="width="50%" | Best Actress
|-
| valign="top" |
Reza Rahadian – My Stupid Boss
Abimana Aryasatya – Warkop DKI Reborn: Jangkrik Boss! Part 1
Teuku Rifnu Wikana – Aku Ingin Ibu Pulang
Chicco Jerikho – Surat Cinta Untuk Kartini
Nino Fernandez – Wa'alaikumussalam Paris
| valign="top" |
Cut Mini Theo – Athirah
Laudya Cynthia Bella – Aisyah: Biarkan Kami Bersaudara
Imelda Therinne – The Professionals
Lala Karmela – Bukaan 8
Nirina Zubir – Aku Ingin Ibu Pulang
|-
! style="background:#EEDD82;" ! style="width="50%" | Best Supporting Actor
! style="background:#EEDD82;" ! style="width="50%" | Best Supporting Actress
|-
| valign="top" |
Agus Kuncoro – Moammar Emka's Jakarta Undercover
Dion Wiyoko–Cek Toko Sebelah'Baim Wong – Moammar Emka's Jakarta Undercover
Arie Kriting – Aisyah: Biarkan Kami Bersaudara
Alex Abbad – My Stupid Boss
| valign="top" |Raihaanun – SalawakuChelsea Islan – 3 Srikandi
Lydia Kandou - Aisyah: Biarkan Kami Bersaudara
Ira Maya Sopha – Pinky Promise
Ira Wibowo – Sabtu Bersama Bapak
|-
! style="background:#EEDD82;" ! style="width="50%" | Best Newcomer Actor/Actress! style="background:#EEDD82;" ! style="width="50%" | Best Children Role|-
| valign="top" |Bisma Karisma – JuaraGiulio Parengkuan – Pertaruhan
Sheryl Sheinafia – Koala Kumal
Rania Putri Sari – Surat Cinta Untuk Kartini
Dhea Seto – Pinky Promise
| valign="top" |Adriyan Bima – Bangkit!Dionisius Rivaldo Moruk – Aisyah: Biarkan Kami Bersaudara
Messi Gusti – Cinta Laki-laki Biasa
Elko Kastanya – Salawaku
Jefan Nathanio – Aku Ingin Ibu Pulang
|-
! style="background:#EEDD82;" ! style="width="50%" | Best Chemistry! style="background:#EEDD82;" ! style="width="50%" | Best Ensemble|-
| valign="top" |Dian Sastrowardoyo and Nicholas Saputra – Ada Apa dengan Cinta? 2Lala Karmela and Chicco Jerikho – Bukaan 8
Velove Vexia and Nino Fernandez – Wa'alaikumussalam Paris
Cut Mini Theo and Irish Bella – Me vs Mami
Nirina Zubir and Teuku Rifnu Wikana – Aku Ingin Ibu Pulang
| valign="top" |Falcon Pictures – My Stupid Boss''MP Pro – Pinky Promise
IFI Sinema – Pertaruhan
Demi Istri Production – Moammar Emka's Jakarta Undercover
Grafent Pictures – Moammar Emka's Jakarta Undercover
PT. Kharisma Starvision Plus – Cek Toko Sebelah
|}
Favourite
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface'''.
Lifetime Achievement
The Lifetime Achievement award is given to the person who is considered the most dedicated to the world of Indonesian cinema that year. This year the award was given to a senior actor, Christine Hakim, for their dedication and totality in the Indonesian film industry.
See also
Festival Film Indonesia 2017
Festival Film Bandung 2017
Indonesian Box Office Movie Awards 2017
Usmar Ismail Awards 2017
References
External links
Indonesian
2017 in Indonesia
Indonesian Movie Actor Awards
Gehra Daag () is a 1963 Indian Hindi-language romantic crime drama film directed by O. P. Ralhan. A moderate box-office success, the film became the ninth highest earning film of 1963, earning an approximate gross of Rs.1,40,00,000 and a net of Rs.70,00,000. The film stars Rajendra Kumar, Mala Sinha, Lalita Pawar, Usha Kiron, Madan Puri and Manmohan Krishna.
Plot
Shanker, kills a fellow mate to protect their sister's honour. They spend their next ten years in prison for that which their family hides and tells everyone that they are in Africa. After their sentence they meet Shobha due to exchange of parcels in a shop, Later they meet Shobha and their mother whom they save from drowning due an accidental fall from the ship, they now treat Shankar as a son. They return and meets Usha and grown up sister Asha. Usha is married to Ramesh and has two children, Asha's marriage is broken when Shankar's imprisonment is revealed.  They are saved from committing suicide by Shobha, who loves them and takes them along, Shobha's mother approves of their marriage. When the truth is revealed that the fellow mate they killed accidentally was actually Shobha's brother, Shankar confesses the truth to Shobha's mother, who rebukes them for killing their son. But the jailer convinces them to forgive Shankar as they have repented for all the years spent in jail. Again Shankar goes to commit suicide, but in turn saves Shobha from drowning, finally the mother forgives them for not losing another son. The jailer assures their son's marriage to their sister Asha.
Cast
Rajendra Kumar as Shankar
Mala Sinha as Shobha
Mumtaz as Asha
Madan Puri as Ramesh
Usha Kiran as Usha
Manmohan Krishna as Jailor
Lalita Pawar as Shobha's Mother
Ram Mohan as Shobha's Brother
Ragini as Dancer / Singer
Music
The film's music was composed by Ravi and the lyrics were penned by Shakeel Badayuni.
References
External links
1963 films
1960s Hindi-language films
1963 crime drama films
Films scored by Ravi
Indian crime drama films
Romantic crime films
The 1985 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 35th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Faysali won its 19th title.
The 1985 Jordan League season saw 12 teams in competition.
Teams
Map
League standings
References
RSSSF
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
The 45th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1953 Nova Scotia general election, the 44th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 45th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1956 Nova Scotia general election, the 45th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 46th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 23rd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
José Paulo Cavalcanti Filho (born May 21, 1948) is a Brazilian lawyer and writer. They graduated from the Recife Faculty of Law. They were secretary general of the Ministry of Justice and (interim) Minister of Justice, under former president José Sarney. They were also President of the Administrative Council for Economic Defense (CADE), of EBN (later Empresa Brasil de Comunicação - EBC) and of the Social Communication Council (an organ of the National Congress). Consultant for UNESCO and the World Bank, they occupy chair 27 of the Pernambuco Academy of Letters.
As a novelist, they have more than 18 titles written, some published abroad.  They are also a deep connoisseur of the work of the Portuguese writer Fernando Pessoa. In 2012, they won the José Ermírio de Moraes award for their book Fernando Pessoa – a quasi-autobiography. It also won first place at the Book Biennial and the Jabuti Prize.  They are the winner of the II Molinello Prize, in Italy. They also received awards in countries such as Romania, Israel, Spain, France, Holland, Germany, Russia, England and the United States.
 They are also a member of the Brazilian Bar Association, Director of the José Paulo Cavalcanti Law Firm, the Pernambuco Lawyers Institute, and the Brazilian Lawyers Institute.
Graduated in Law from the Federal University of Pernambuco (1971).  They are currently a Member of the Brazilian Bar Association, Director of the José Paulo Cavalcanti Law Firm, Member of the Pernambuco Lawyers Institute, Member of the Brazilian Lawyers Institute, Member of the Portuguese Institute of Comparative Law, Lawyer of the Brazilian Institute of Law, Member of the Pernambuco Academy of Legal Letters, Member of the Ministry of Justice, of the Pernambuco Pact 21 Council, consultant to the Secretary of Science and Technology of Rio de Janeiro, Consultant to the Secretary of Science and Technology of Pernambuco and the National Congress.
References
20th-century Brazilian lawyers
Brazilian writers
Brazilian novelists
1948 births
Living people
21st-century Brazilian lawyers
Vacu Vin is the tradename of International Innovation Company, previously named Vacu Vin. The company is manufacturer and distributor of several food and wine related products and has offices in eight countries. Its headquarters are located in Delfgauw, Netherlands.
History
Vacu Vin was founded in 1986 by Bernd Schneider to manufacture and distribute a device that would preserve opened bottles of wine. In the early days the company only manufactured its invention, the Vacu Vin Wine Saver. Wired reviewed the product in 2013, describing it as "The most affordable wine preservation system" that "works better than detractors claim" and that "For short-term storage, Vacu Vin... works fine" but that it is "Completely ineffective after a couple of days" and "At the seven-day mark... completely undrinkable".
Over time the company started designing and manufacturing more food and wine related products, such as corkscrews and carafes. In 2001 Bernd Schneider transferred the company to their sons, Patrick and Stephan. In 2008 the company changed its name to 'International Innovation Company'.
References
Food and drink companies established in 1986
Companies based in South Holland
The 2017–18 season was América's first competitive season and first season in the Liga MX Femenil, the top flight of Mexican women's football.
América managed to qualify to the playoffs on the Apertura 2017 and Clausura 2018 tournaments, but was eliminated in semifinals both times: in the Apertura tournament by rivals Guadalajara and in the Clausura tournament by UANL.
The team was managed by Leonardo Cuéllar, who previously coached Mexico women's national football team from 1998 to 2016.
Squad
Apertura
Clausura
Transfers
In
Out
Coaching staff
Competitions
Overview
Torneo Apertura
League table
Matches
Playoffs
Semifinals
Torneo Clausura
League table
Matches
Playoffs
Semifinals
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|-
! colspan=10 style=background:#dcdcdc | Players that left the club during the season
|-
|}
Goalscorers
Hat-tricks
References
Club América (women) seasons
Mexican football clubs 2017–18 season
The Living Arts & Science Center, formerly the George B. (Blackburn) Kinkead House, is an art and education center housed in an historic mansion in Lexington, Kentucky. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was donated to the center by the Kinkead family in 1981.
The original two-story antebellum mansion is believed to have been designed by Major Thomas Lewinski, a British-born architect, engineer and teacher of foreign languages. It is a Greek revival style building, which was sympathetically enlarged during the Civil War period, with Italianate features. The dwelling was further enlarged , with the construction of a third story attic.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fayette County, Kentucky
References
External links
Living Arts & Science Center website
National Register of Historic Places in Fayette County, Kentucky
Greek Revival architecture in Kentucky
Italianate architecture in Kentucky
Queen Anne architecture in Kentucky
Buildings and structures completed in 1846
Gestation III is a 1990 wooden sculpture by Baile Oakes, installed in Santa Monica, California's Palisades Park, in the United States. The sculpture measures approximately 10 ft. 7 in. x 11 ft. 8 in. x 8 ft. 6, and was surveyed by the Smithsonian Institution's 'Save Outdoor Sculpture!' program in 1994.
According to the Santa Monica Mirror, the work "aligns visually with the Northern Hemisphere's winter solstice sunset" and "draws a small group to watch the winter solstice sun set".
See also
1990 in art
List of public art in Santa Monica, California
References
1990 sculptures
Outdoor sculptures in Santa Monica, California
Wooden sculptures in the United States
Lucky Msiska (born 17 March 1960) is a Zambian football manager and former player who played as a midfielder.
Playing career
Born in Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia), Msiska played club football for local side Power Dynamos F.C. before signing with Belgian club K.F.C. Roeselare.
Msiska played for the Zambia national team at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. They also played for the senior side at the 1990 African Cup of Nations and appeared in several FIFA World Cup qualifying matches.
Managerial career
Following their playing career, Msiska became a manager of youth clubs in Belgium. They joined the technical staff of the Zambian national team in 2005. Msiska also managed the Zambia national under-23 football team in the qualifiers for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Zambian footballers
Association football midfielders
Zambia international footballers
Olympic footballers of Zambia
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
1990 African Cup of Nations players
Power Dynamos F.C. players
K.S.V. Roeselare players
Zambian expatriate footballers
Zambian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Jiya Shankar is an Indian television actor and model known for playing Dr. Iravati "Ira" Pandey in Meri Hanikarak Biwi and Susheela Ruhail Solanki "Susheela" in Kaatelal & Sons. Also appeared as a co host of "Good Night India" on SAB TV.
Career
Shankar made their acting debut in 2013, in Telugu film named Entha Andanga Unnave starring alongside Ajay Manthena. Later in 2017, they appeared in a Tamil film named Kanavu Variyam opposite Arun Chidambaram. Shankar made their television debut, in 2015, as Alisha Rai with Bindass's Love by Chance opposite Karan Singhmar. Shankar made their first television outbreak, in 2016, by playing one of the leads Shreya Dixit Rathore in & TV's Queens Hain Hum.
Shankar was last seen as Susheela Ruhail Solanki opposite Paras Arora in Sab TV's Kaatelal & Sons.
Filmography
Films
Television
Web series
See also
List of Hindi television actores
List of Indian television actores
References
https://www.indiaforums.com/article/jiya-shankar-talks-about-her-show-goodnight-india_187596
External links
Living people
Indian television actores
Actresses in Hindi television
Indian soap opera actores
21st-century Indian actores
People from Mumbai
Actors from Mumbai
1995 births
Green Run (also known as Green Run Creek) is a tributary of Spring Brook in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Spring Brook Township, Roaring Brook Township, and Scranton. The watershed of the stream has an area of . It is considered to be Class A Wild Trout Waters throughout its entire length. Numerous macroinvertebrate taxa also inhabit the stream. The surficial geology in the vicinity of the stream's lower reaches mainly consists of Wisconsinan Till, bedrock, and Boulder Colluvium.
Course
Green Run begins in a pond near Tooley Corners in Spring Brook Township. It flows northwest for a few tenths of a mile and almost immediately enters Roaring Brook Township. It then turns west and crosses Pennsylvania Route 307 before turning southwest. Several tenths of a mile further downstream, it reenters Spring Brook Township and turns west-northwest, reentering Roaring Brook Township. The stream then turns west and enters Scranton. After a few tenths of a mile, it turns southwest and reenters Spring Brook Township. It flows generally in a westerly direction for a few miles in a deep valley near the border between Spring Brook Township and Scranton. The stream eventually turns south-southwest for several tenths of a mile and reaches its confluence with Spring Brook.
Green Run joins Spring Brook upstream of its mouth.
Hydrology
The concentration of alkalinity in Green Run is 17 milligrams per liter. In the 1970s, the Roaring Brook Sewage Treatment Plant discharged high levels of sewage into the stream after rains.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Green Run is above sea level. The elevation of the stream's source is between above sea level.
Green Run is a perennial stream.
The surficial geology along the valley floor in the lower reaches of Green Run mainly consists of a glacial or resedimented till known as Wisconsinan Till. The sides of the valley have bedrock consisting of conglomerate, sandstone, and shale. Some patches of Boulder Colluvium are also present.
Watershed
The watershed of Green Run has an area of . The mouth of the stream is in the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Avoca. However, its source is in the quadrangle of Moscow.
A total of 74 percent of the length of Green Run is on public land. The remaining 26 percent is on private land. A swampy meadow was observed near the stream in the early 1900s.
History and recreation
Green Run was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1192551.
The Spring Brook Railroad historically went up the valley of Green Run.
A bridge carrying Pennsylvania Route 307 over Green Run was once replaced for a cost of $600,000. In the early 2000s, the Lackawanna River Watershed Conservation Plan recommended that Spring Brook Township include protection of Green Run in their comprehensive plans, as well as their ordinances for land use, zoning, and subdivision. In 2015, a tract of land containing the stream was purchased by the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and made public land.
In-stream fishing is permitted on Green Run.
Biology
Wild trout naturally reproduce in Green Run from its headwaters downstream to its mouth. The stream is also considered by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission to be Class A Wild Trout Waters from its headwaters downstream to its mouth. It meets the criteria for an Exceptional Value designation, a designation that gives extensive protection to a stream, forbidding any impact on water quality for any reason.
Numerous butterfly species were observed in the vicinity of Green Run in the early 1900s. They included Polygonia faunus, Polygonia faunus, Argynnis atlantis, and Harris's checkerspot.
A large number of macroinvertebrate species have been observed in Green Run, including 16 genera in the orders Ephemeroptera, Plecoptera, and Trichoptera. Of a 210-individual sample, the most common taxa included Ephemerella (57 individuals), Chironomidae (39 individuals), Cheumatopsyche (19 individuals), Pteronarcys (17 individuals), and Baetis (10 individuals). Less common taxa included Epeorus (9 individuals), Dolophilodes (7 individuals), Acroneuria (6 individuals), Leuctra (5 individuals), and Hexatoma (5 individuals). Rarer taxa included Isoperfa (4 individuals), Optioservus (4 individuals), Lanthus (4 individuals), Drunella (3 individuals), Pycnopsyche (3 individuals), Polycentropus (3 individuals), Rhycophi (3 individuals), Agapetus (2 individuals), and Nigronia (2 individuals). The rarest taxa were Lepidostoma, Boyeria, and Cambaridae (1 individual each).
The modified Hilsenhoff Biotic Index value of Green Run is 2.83. The modified EPT Index value is 12 and the total taxa richness is 23.
See also
Monument Creek (Spring Brook), next tributary of Spring Brook going downstream
Rattlesnake Creek (Spring Brook), next tributary of Spring Brook going upstream
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of tributaries of the Lackawanna River
References
Rivers of Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Spring Brook (Lackawanna River)
Rivers of Pennsylvania
The gens Potitia was an ancient patrician family at ancient Rome. None of its members ever attained any of the higher offices of the Roman state, and the gens is known primarily as a result of its long association with the rites of Hercules, and for a catastrophic plague that was said to have killed all of its members within a single month, at the end of the fourth century BC. However, a few Potitii of later times are known from literary sources and inscriptions.
Origin
The story of the Potitii is inextricably intertwined with that of the Pinarii. According to legend, Hercules came to Italy a generation before the Trojan War, and was received by the families of the Potitii and the Pinarii. They instructed them in a form of worship by which they honoured them for generations. The priesthood of this cult was carried out exclusively by members of these two families, as a sacrum gentilicium—the sacred duty of a particular gen. Michael Grant suggests that the worship overseen by these families was originally introduced to Italy by the Phoenicians, and was devoted to one of the Phoenician gods, who afterwards became assimilated with Hercules.
The position of the Potitii in this cult was superior to that of the Pinarii, who were excluded from partaking of the entrails of the sacrifice, supposedly because they had arrived late to the sacrificial banquet given by Hercules. The two families are said to have carried out their religious obligations for centuries, as hereditary priests of Hercules, until the period of the Samnite Wars, at the end of the fourth century BC.
Destruction
In 312 BC, Appius Claudius Caecus, during their censorship, attempted to persuade the Potitii and the Pinarii to instruct the public slaves in these rites. The Pinarii refused, but the Potitii accepted Claudius' offer of 50,000 pounds of copper. Niebuhr explains that Claudius' intention was to introduce the worship of Hercules, formerly sacra privata, into the religion of the Roman state, thus making them sacra publica. However, because no flamen could be appointed for a foreign god, it was necessary to entrust the rites to slaves.
For their impiety, Hercules sent a plague that carried off the entire gens in the span of thirty days; twelve families and thirty grown men perished, and Claudius themselves was struck blind, which is how they obtained their cognomen. There is some uncertainty as to the chronology of this legend; Claudius could hardly have been blinded during their censorship, as they went on to be consul in 307, and again in 296 BC, and was then nominated dictator in 292 and 285. Niebuhr suggests that the Potitii may instead have died in a terrible plague that struck Rome in 292.
The disappearance of an entire gen was extraordinary; together with the fact that no magistrates or other important Potitii are mentioned in surviving records, this has led some historians to suspect that they were not in fact a distinct gen, but instead a branch of another patrician family that became extinct around the period of the Samnite Wars, such as the Valerii Potiti, whose surname, Potitus, might have been mistaken for a nomen, Potitius. However, the ancient historians unanimously describe the Potitii as a gen. There are also a few indications that some Potitii survived the destruction of the gens. Cicero mentions a Publius Potitius who lived in the first century BC, and others are known from inscriptions.
In popular culture
The Potitii are the focus of the novels Roma and Empire, by Steven Saylor. These novels follow the history of Rome, up to the reign of Hadrian, and concern the fortunes of the Potitii and Pinarii, through the passing down of a family heirloom. As depicted by Saylor, the Potitii who suddenly died were in fact murdered, a clever and ruthless killer poisoning them one by one and never being discovered.
Members
Potitia, named in an inscription from Rome.
Potitia, mentioned in an inscription from Tarraco in Hispania.
Potitia, named in an inscription from Ateste in Venetia and Histria.
Publius Potitius, one of the guardians of the son of Publius Junius, custodian of the temple of Castor, who died in 80 BC. After five years, the boy's guardians and stepfather became embroiled in a dispute with Verres, who extracted considerable sums of money, supposedly to make extensive repairs to the temple, which in fact was in sound condition.
Potitia Alpina, the mother of Titus Tincius Alpinus, a municipal official at Lugdunum in Gallia Lugdunensis, to whom they dedicated a monument.
Marcus Potitius Aurelianus, buried at Tichilla in Africa Proconsularis, aged eighty-five.
Lucius Potitius Bulicus, husband of Potitia Secundina and father of Potitia Paterna, buried at Nemausus in Gallia Narbonensis.
Potitia L. f. Paterna, daughter of Lucius Potitius Bulicus and Potitia Secundina.
Potitius Romulus, an artisan and silversmith buried at Lugdunum, aged twenty years, five months, with a monument dedicated by their wife, Martinia Lea.
Potitia Secundina, wife of Lucius Potitius Bulicus and mother of Potitia Paterna.
Roscius Potitius Memmianus, a man of senatorial rank, erected a monument to their mother, Seia Potitia Consortiana, at Thibaris in Africa Proconsularis.
Seia Potitia Consortiana, the mother of Roscius Potitius Memmianus, buried at Thibaris.
See also
List of Roman gentes
Pinaria gens
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
Marcus Tullius Cicero, In Verrem.
Dionysius of Halicarnassus, Romaike Archaiologia (Roman Antiquities).
Titus Livius (Livy), History of Rome.
Valerius Maximus, Factorum ac Dictorum Memorabilium (Memorable Facts and Sayings).
Sextus Pompeius Festus, Epitome de M. Verrio Flacco de Verborum Significatu (Epitome of Marcus Verrius Flaccus' On the Meaning of Words).
Maurus Servius Honoratus (Servius), Ad Virgilii Aeneidem Commentarii (Commentary on Vergil's Aeneid).
Ambrosius Theodosius Macrobius, Saturnalia.
Barthold Georg Niebuhr, The History of Rome, Julius Charles Hare and Connop Thirlwall, trans., John Smith, Cambridge (1828).
Johann Adam Hartung, Die Religion der Römer (The Religion of the Romans), Palm und Enke, Erlangen (1836).
Karl Wilhelm Göttling, Geschichte der Römischen Staatsverfassung von Erbauung der Stadt bis zu C. Cäsar's Tod (History of the Roman State from the Founding of the City to the Death of Caesar), Buchhandlung des Waisenhauses, Halle (1840).
Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, William Smith, ed., Little, Brown and Company, Boston (1849).
Theodor Mommsen et alii, Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum (The Body of Latin Inscriptions, abbreviated CIL), Berlin-Brandenburgische Akademie der Wissenschaften (1853–present).
René Cagnat et alii, L'Année épigraphique (The Year in Epigraphy, abbreviated AE), Presses Universitaires de France (1888–present).
Michael Grant, Roman Myths (1971).
Roman gentes
The Williams family of Caerhays, Burncoose and Scorrier were owners of mines and smelting works for several generations during the Cornish Industrial Revolution. A branch of the family settled in Port Hope, Ontario.
The family developed williamsii hybrid camellias and fine gardens at Burncoose, Gwennap; St Michael Caerhays and Scorrier House, all in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Family members
John Williams the First (1685–1761) purchased Burncoose in 1715, married Thomasine Paynter.
John Williams the Second (1714–1790) initiated the construction of the Great County Adit, which eventually became a 40-mile system of adits, draining over 60 mines.
Michael Williams (1730–1775), son of John the First married Susanna, daughter of Henry Harris of Cusgarne, Cornwall, by their wife Elizabeth, daughter of William Beauchamp (1670–1729) of Pengreep, Cornwall. They lived at Burncoose and was the father of,
John Williams the Third (23 September 1753 – 17 April 1841), son of Michael Williams (1730–1775), controlled the Gwennap copperbelt and copper smelting works in Swansea. Also owned tin-smelting works, sulphur mines and quarries. They were a Director of The Cornish Bank. With the Fox family of Falmouth, built the Plymouth breakwater and developed the harbour at Portreath and linked it by the Portreath tramway to their mine at Poldice. Purchased land at Scorrier and built Scorrier House there. Married Catherine Harvey in 1776. Received a dream warning of the assassination of the Prime Minister in 1812, "correct in every detail".
John Williams the Fourth (12 April 1778 – 11 August 1849), FRS (6 March 1828). Son of John the Third.
Michael Williams, MP for the Western Division of Cornwall from 1853 to 1858. Son of John the Third. High Sheriff of Glamorgan in 1840, Deputy Lieutenant of Cornwall and Deputy-Warden of the Stannaries. Bought Caerhays Estate in 1853.
Sir William Williams, (3 August 1791 – 24 March 1870), Son of John the Third. They served as Deputy-Lieutenant of Cornwall, High Sheriff of Cornwall and Deputy-Warden of the Stannaries in 1851. They were created "Baronet Williams of Tregullow in the County of Cornwall", on 4 August 1866.
Frederick Martin Williams (1830–1878), was Conservative Member of Parliament for Truro.
Philippa Williams ( ? -1861)
Arthur Trefusis Heneage Williams of Penryn Park, Port Hope, Ontario, son of John Tucker Williams, and grandson of John Williams (1753–1841) of Scorrier House. They were the hero of the Battle of Batoche and their statue stands in front of the town hall at Port Hope. Their son General Arthur Victor Seymour Williams served in the Second Boer War, World War I and Mount Williams (Canada) was named in their honour.
John Michael Williams (25 December 1813 – 16 February 1880), married Elizabeth Maria Davey (d. 24 May 1884), daughter of Stephen Davey of Redruth and Bochym, on 24 February 1852. They were High Sheriff of Cornwall in 1865.
Michael Williams, the eldest son of John Michael Williams (1813–1880) who bequeath for life Gnaton Hall estate, Devon and the rest of their estates in Devon, and all their estates in the town and parish of Calstock.
John Charles Williams (30 September 1861 – 29 March 1939), second son of John Michael Williams and Elizabeth Davey, their wife. MP for the Truro Division of Cornwall, 1892–1895, High Sheriff of Cornwall 1888, Lord Lieutenant of Cornwall 1918–1936.
Charlotte Williams, daughter of John Michael Williams, married Edward Powys Rogers. They moved to "Burncoose" in 1916.
Harriet Rogers, daughter of Edward Powys Rogers and Charlotte Rogers, married James Malcolm McLaren (1874–1935), a geologist, and developed a garden at "Tregye", near Carnon Downs.
Francis Julian Williams (16 April 1927 – 5 January 2019), CBE.
Charles Henry Williams (born 1957), current owner of Caerhays Castle. Trained as a merchant banker before returning to Cornwall to run Caerhays Castle Gardens and Burncoose Nurseries. Son of Francis Julian Williams.
Caerhays Castle
Caerhays Castle is a country house on the south coast of Cornwall at St Michael Caerhays, between Truro and St Austell. It was designed as a mock-mediaeval castle in the early 19th century by John Nash, and later bought by the Williams family, who still own it. The gardens are open to the public each year in spring and early summer, and hold magnolia trees accredited with Plant Heritage as a National Plant Collection.
Scorrier House
Scorrier House was built by John Williams the Third in 1778 as the principle residence of the Williams family, who still live there. Enlargements were made in 1845 and 1908 following a fire that gutted parts of the house. The garden is also of note, much of it having been planted by William Lobb, a noted Victorian botanist and plant hunter. Today, Scorrier House can be hired for wedding receptions, private parties and corporate and outdoor events. The garden can be visited by appointment only.
See also
Great Cornish Families
Notes, references and sources
Sources
Williams, F. J., et al. Burncoose gardens: a garden oasis in the Minewastes of Cornwall by F. J. Williams C.B.E., Arnold Dance, David Knuckey.
Smelt, Maurice (2006) 101 Cornish Lives, Penzance, Cornwall: Alison Hodge , pages 246–248: "John Williams (1753–1841), Mining magnate, born Lower Cusgarne, Gwennap".
Newell, Edmund (2004) ‘Williams, John (1753–1841)', Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, Sept 2004; online edn, May 2006 Link to Article (Subscription) accessed 27 July 2007]
Cornish families
People from Gwennap
Tooth Peak () is a small sharp peak on the north end of Sculpture Mountain in the upper Rennick Glacier. Named for its tooth-like shape by the Northern Party of New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1962–63.
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Michael Francis Parker (10 March 1973 – 4 June 2009) was an Australian mountaineer and graphic designer. They climbed extensively in the Himalaya and Karakorum and summited five of the fourteen eight-thousanders. After ascending Makalu in 2009, they fell ill due to dissipated pulmonary and cerebral oedema and subsequently died in Kathmandu on 4 June, aged 36.
Early life
Mick Parker was born in Box Hill, a suburb of Melbourne, to Gail and Bruce Parker. They attended Donburn Primary School and Wesley College, where they took up cross-country running and rock climbing, before leaving school to study graphic arts at Box Hill Senior Secondary College.
Climbing career
Parker's passion for climbing began in 1996 when they took an ice climbing course in New Zealand. In 2003 they climbed Cho Oyu's northwest face from Tibet after an unsuccessful attempt on Kangchenjunga. They summited Broad Peak for the first time in Pakistan in 2004 (he made a second unsuccessful attempt in 2006). In 2005, they made attempts to climb Mount Everest and K2, but failed in both. On K2, they chose to give up their chance of reaching the summit in order to bring an endangered Irish climber to safety and escort them back to base camp; on Everest, they were forced to retreat because of poor weather. In 2007, Parker joined the Australian Army Alpine Association—for whom they led numerous expeditions—on their attempt to climb Gasherbrum I in Pakistan. After leaving the rest of the team who decided to turn around, they continued climbing alone and reached the summit on 29 July, becoming the second Australian to have climbed the mountain. They also made a solo attempt on Dhaulagiri I in 2007, but abandoned the expedition after falling into a crevasse. In 2008, Parker made their second attempt on Manaslu in Nepal, reaching the summit on 14 May. Later that year, they returned to Dhaulagiri but was unsuccessful again.
Death and legacy
Parker climbed Makalu with Roland Hunter in 2009, summiting on 21 May. Suffering from dissipated pulmonary and cerebral oedema, they fell unconscious several times on the return journey from Makalu to Kathmandu and ultimately died in Kathmandu on 4 June, aged 36. Their father travelled to Nepal to retrieve Parker's body and bring it back to Melbourne, where Parker was buried in Lilydale Memorial Park. In 2010, Parker's family donated a collection of their climbing equipment to an exhibit at the National Sports Museum in Melbourne.
By the time of their death, Parker had attempted to climb nine of the fourteen mountains over 8,000 metres high, and had summited five—Cho Oyu, Broad Peak, Gasherbrum I, Manaslu, and Makalu—all without the assistance of Sherpa guides or bottled oxygen.
References
1973 births
2009 deaths
Australian graphic designers
Australian mountain climbers
Mountaineering deaths
People educated at Wesley College (Victoria)
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Neelapponmaan is a 1975 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, KPAC Lalitha, Adoor Bhasi and Sreelatha Namboothiri in the lead roles. The film has musical score by Salil Chowdhary.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Ivano
KPAC Lalitha as Kotha
Adoor Bhasi as Kutty
Sreelatha Namboothiri as Kochukalyani
K. P. Ummer as Dr. Pavithran
N. Govindankutty as MLA
Sakunthala as Urmila
Sumithra as Veluthamma
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Sankara Prabhu
Bahadoor as Paappi
Alummoodan as Kumaran
Adoor Pankajam as Akkomma
Paul Vengola as Kochuraman
Soundtrack
References
External links
1975 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Salil Chowdhury
The men's welterweight competition of the boxing events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona, Spain, was held between June 26 and 30 at the Torredembarra Pavilion.
Like all Mediterranean Games boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Bracket
References
Boxing at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Synclidopus is a genus of soles. The two species have numerous narrow dark and pale stripes. Both are endemic to eastern Australia. Adults of the best-known species, S. macleayanus live at moderate depths in the ocean, but migrate towards estuaries to spawn in the spring and summer. The young make their way up the estuary and river, only to return to the sea when they grow older. Less is known about S. hogani, only described in 2008, but it appears to be restricted to the Daintree River.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Synclidopus hogani J. W. Johnson & J. E. Randall, 2008
Synclidopus macleayanus (E. P. Ramsay, 1881) (Narrowbanded sole)
References
Soleidae
Fish of Australia
Ray-finned fish genera
Taxa named by Paul Chabanaud
The Tamilnad People's Front was a political party in Travancore-Cochin, India. The party advocated that five taluks in the eastern and southern parts of the Travancore should have been transferred to the neighbouring Madras state. The party fielded two candidates in the 1951 Travancore-Cochin Legislative Assembly election, whom together obtained 4,025 votes. The election symbol of the party was a bow and arrow.
References
Political parties in Travancore–Cochin
Political parties with year of establishment missing
The Middle Indo-Aryan languages (or Middle Indic languages, sometimes conflated with the Prakrits, which are a stage of Middle Indic) are a historical group of languages of the Indo-Aryan family. They are the descendants of Old Indo-Aryan (OIA; attested through Vedic Sanskrit) and the predecessors of the modern Indo-Aryan languages, such as Hindustani (Hindi-Urdu), Bengali and Punjabi.
The Middle Indo-Aryan (MIA) stage is thought to have spanned more than a millennium between 600 BC and 1000 AD, and is often divided into three major subdivisions.
The early stage is represented by the Ardhamagadhi of the Edicts of Ashoka (c. 250 BC) and Jain Agamas, and by the Pali of the Tripitakas.
The middle stage is represented by the various literary Prakrits, especially the Shauraseni language and the Maharashtri and Magadhi Prakrits. The term Prakrit is also often applied to Middle Indo-Aryan languages (prākṛta literally means 'natural' as opposed to saṃskṛta, which literally means 'constructed' or 'refined'). Modern scholars such as Michael C. Shapiro follow this classification by including all Middle Indo-Aryan languages under the rubric of "Prakrits", while others emphasise the independent development of these languages, often separated from Sanskrit by social and geographic differences.
The late stage is represented by the Apabhraṃśas of the 6th century AD and later that preceded early Modern Indo-Aryan languages (such as Braj Bhasha).
History
The Indo-Aryan languages are commonly assigned to three major groups: Old Indo-Aryan languages, Middle Indo-Aryan languages and Early Modern and Modern Indo-Aryan languages. The classification reflects stages in linguistic development, rather than being strictly chronological.
The Middle Indo-Aryan languages are younger than the Old Indo-Aryan languages but were contemporaneous with the use of Classical Sanskrit, an Old Indo-Aryan language used for literary purposes.
According to Thomas Oberlies, a number of morphophonological and lexical features of Middle Indo-Aryan languages show that they are not direct continuations of Vedic Sanskrit. Instead they descend from other dialects similar to, but in some ways more archaic than Vedic Sanskrit.
Early phase (3rd century BC)
Ashokan Prakrits (regional dialects of the 3rd century BC)
Gandhari (a Buddhist canonical language)
Pali (a Buddhist canonical language)
early Ardhamagadhi (language of the oldest Jain sutras)
Middle phase (200 BC to 700 AD)
Niya Prakrit
Ardhamagadhi (later Jain canon)
Dramatic Prakrits (Maurya period)
Magadhi
Maharashtri
Shauraseni
Sinhalese Prakrit
Buddhist Hybrid Sanskrit (later texts)
Late phase: Apabhraṃśa (700–1500)
Abahatta (Magadhi Apabhraṃśa)
General characteristics
The following phonological changes distinguish typical MIA languages from their OIA ancestors:
The replacement of vocalic liquids 'ṛ' and 'ḷ' by 'a', 'i' or 'u'
The OIA diphthongs 'ai' and 'au' became the monophthongs 'e' and 'o' which were long in open syllables and short in closed syllables.
Long vowels become short in overweight and later pre- / post-tonic heavy syllables.
The three sibilants of OIA are reduced to one, either 'ś' (Magadhi) or 's' (elsewhere).
OIA clusters either became geminates through assimilation (deletion if the output would violate phonotactics) or were split by vowel epenthesis.
Initially, intervocalic aspirated stops spirantised. Later, all other intervocalic stops were deleted, weakened, or voiced.
Dentals (and sometimes retroflexes) are palatalised if directly preceding /j/.
Most final consonants delete except in 'sandhi' junctions. Final 'm' became 'ṃ' instead, which was preserved.
Note that not all of these changes happened in all MIA languages. Archaisms persisted in northwestern Ashokan prakrits like the retention of all 3 OIA sibilants, for example, retentions that would remain in the later Dardic languages.
The following morphological changes distinguish typical MIA languages from their OIA ancestors:
The dual number in nominal declensions was lost.
Consonantal stems were thematicised.
The 'i-/u-' and 'ī-/ū-' declensions were merged into one 'ī-/ū-' declension.
The dative was eliminated and the genitive took on its former functions.
Many different case-endings could be used for one verbal paradigm.
The middle voice eventually disappeared.
'Mahyaṃ' and 'tubyaṃ' became used for genitives and 'me' and 'te' for instrumentals.
New verbal forms based on the present stem coexisted with fossilized forms from OIA.
Active endings replaced passive endings for the passive voice.
A Middle Indo-Aryan innovation are the serial verb constructions that have evolved into complex predicates in modern north Indian languages such as Hindi and Bengali. For example, भाग जा (bhāg jā) 'go run' means run away, पका ले (pakā le) 'take cook' means to cook for oneself, and पका दे (pakā de) 'give cook' means to cook for someone. The second verb restricts the meaning of the main verb or adds a shade of meaning to it. Subsequently, the second verb was grammaticalised further into what is known as a light verb, mainly used to convey lexical aspect distinctions for the main verb.
The innovation is based on Sanskrit atmanepadi (fruit of the action accrues to the doer) and parasmaipadi verbs (fruit of the action accrues to some other than the doer). For example, पका दे (pakā de) 'give cook' has the result of the action (cooked food) going to someone else, and पका ले (pakā le) 'take cook' to the one who is doing the cooking.
Attested languages
Pāli
Pali is the best attested of the Middle Indo-Aryan languages because of the extensive writings of early Buddhists. These include canonical texts, canonical developments such as Abhidhamma, and a thriving commentarial tradition associated with figures such as Buddhaghosa. Early Pāli texts, such as the Sutta-nipāta contain many "Magadhisms" (such as heke for eke; or masculine nominative singular in -e). Pāli continued to be a living second language until well into the second millennium. The Pali Text Society was founded in 1881 by T. W. Rhys Davids to preserve, edit, and publish texts in Pāli, as well as English translations.
Ardhamāgadhī
Known from a few inscriptions, most importantly the pillars and edicts of Ashoka found in what is now Bihar.
Gāndhārī
Many texts in Kharoṣṭhi script have been discovered in the area centred on the Khyber Pass in what was known in ancient times as Gandhara and the language of the texts came to be called Gāndhārī. These are largely Buddhist texts which parallel the Pāli Canon, but include Mahāyāna texts as well. The language is distinct from other MI dialects.
References
External links
Gāndhārī Language entry in the Encyclopædia Iranica
Medieval languages
Languages of India
Indo-Aryan languages
Languages attested from the 6th century BC
6th-century BC establishments
Languages extinct in the 10th century
10th-century disestablishments in Asia
Henry Edwyn Chandos Scudamore-Stanhope, 9th Earl of Chesterfield, DL, JP (8 April 1821 – 21 January 1887) was a British peer.
Life and family
They were the eldest of four sons of Sir Edwyn Francis Scudamore-Stanhope, 2nd Baronet.
They married Dorothea Hay, daughter of Sir Adam Hay, 7th Baronet Hay of Smithfield, on 6 August 1851 at St. Johns church, Edinburgh, Scotland. Together they had six sons, including Edwyn Francis Scudamore-Stanhope, 10th Earl of Chesterfield and Henry Athole Scudamore-Stanhope, 11th Earl of Chesterfield.
In 1874, they inherited the baronetcy and the estate of Holme Lacy in Herefordshire, previously the property of the deranged Frances Scudamore, Duchess of Norfolk, which had been settled in favour of their father after years of litigation.
In 1883, they succeeded their fourth cousin once removed, George Philip Stanhope, 8th Earl of Chesterfield, as 9th Earl. They died on 21 January 1887 at the Victoria Hotel in St Leonards-on-Sea. They were succeeded as 10th Earl by their first son, Edwyn Francis Scudamore-Stanhope.
References
Thepeerage.com
1821 births
1887 deaths
Henry
Earls of Chesterfield
W26EW-D, virtual and UHF digital channel 26, is a low-powered HSN-affiliated television station licensed to Huntington, West Virginia, United States. The signal covers all of Huntington, and also can reach parts of Ashland, Kentucky and Ironton, Ohio.
History
Early years
A construction permit was held by North East LPTV, Inc. to launch a new station on channel 17 with the call letters W17BH. The station signed on the air on February 26, 1992. In an application filed with the FCC on October 28, 2004, ownership of the station changed to Ventana Television while the station was known as W14CU.
Analog-to-digital conversion
W14CU shut down its analog signal over UHF channel 14 sometime in 2011 due to displacement. The station resumed broadcasting in digital as W30DG-D on July 24, 2012 on digital channel 30. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers displayed the station's virtual channel as its former UHF analog channel 14.
Spectrum incentive auction results
W30DG-D went silent on June 21, 2019 because it was displaced by WKMR, a KET member station, due to the FCC Spectrum Repack. During this time Ventana Television held a construction permit to move to digital channel 26 but the station was prevented from moving to its new frequency until another KET member station, WKAS, repacked and vacated digital channel 26 on October 26, 2019, at the earliest.
Ventana Television filed for an extended special temporary authorization (STA) to remain silent on December 24, 2019, because work on the tower was incomplete. On June 15, 2020, Ventana amended its extended silent STA request citing the impacts of COVID-19 as a contributing factor. Ventana noted in their request they were unable to get the tower crew to perform the installation of the new antenna due to West Virginia's stay at home order and the backlog of work for tower crews to perform as the state opens up. They expected the station to be operational within six months after the station went silent a year prior.
The station resumed operations and moved to its new channel on July 6, 2020 under the new callsign W26EW-D. W26EW-D no longer uses its old analog number as its virtual number instead using its new digital number as its virtual number. It was also at this time the station's signal become multiplexed.
Digital channels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
External links
30DG-D
Television channels and stations established in 1990
1990 establishments in West Virginia
Huntington, West Virginia
Low-power television stations in the United States
Little Buffalo Creek is a long 2nd order tributary to the Deep River in Lee County, North Carolina.
Course
Little Buffalo Creek rises in Sanford, North Carolina and then flows north to the Deep River about 2 miles east-northeast of Farmville, North Carolina.
Watershed
Little Buffalo Creek drains of area, receives about 47.6 in/year of precipitation, and has a wetness index of 458.86 and is about 35% forested.
References
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of Lee County, North Carolina
The aadhiya system, also sometimes spelled as adhiya, is a system, most prevalent in north-eastern, northern Bengali speaking parts of India (as the word is Bengali), where a sex worker is rented a room or apartment by a mashi or brothel keeper, usually an older retired sex worker, who charges the worker rent for the room based on their total earnings rather than at a fixed rate, so that the mashi gets a share of the worker's earnings.
See also
Dance bar
Pornography in India
Prostitution in India
Prostitution in Pakistan
Prostitution in colonial India
Prostitution in Asia
Prostitution by country
Further reading
References
Prostitution in India
Indian words and phrases
Sex workers
Balwantrao Nageshrao Datar, known as B. N. Datar (13 August 1894 – 13 February 1963) was an Indian educationist, politician and Union government minister.
Life
Datar was educated at Deccan College, Baroda College (now the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda) and the Government Law College, Mumbai, from which they qualified as a lawyer. From 1937 to 1942, they were a member of the Senate of the University of Bombay and a member of its Board of Studies in Kannada. They served on the academic council of Karnatak University from 1950 to 1952. In 1952, they were elected to the 1st Lok Sabha as a member of the Indian National Congress from the constituency of Belgaum North, holding this seat until the 1957 general election, when they were elected to the newly created seat of Belgaum.
From August 1952 to February 1956, Datar was a deputy home minister in the Union government, with cabinet rank from February 1956 to April 1957. They then served as Minister of State for Home affairs until their death in office in February 1963.
References
|-
1894 births
1963 deaths
Indian National Congress politicians from Karnataka
Lok Sabha members from Karnataka
India MPs 1952–1957
India MPs 1957–1962
India MPs 1962–1967
Government ministers of India
BFV may refer to:
Baden Football Association, the Badischer Fussball-Verband, a regional football association in Germany
Bavarian Football Association, the Bayerischer Fussball-Verband, a regional football association in Germany
Berlin Football Association, the Berliner Fussball-Verband, a regional football association in Germany
Bremen Football Association, the Bremer Fußball-Verband, a regional football association in Germany
BFV Hassia Bingen, a German football club
Bradley Fighting Vehicle, a United States family of armored fighting vehicles
Benjamin Franklin Village, a United States Army installation in Germany
Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution, or Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz, the German domestic intelligence agency
Buriram Airport, an airport in Thailand (IATA airport code: BFV)
Battlefield Vietnam, a 2004 video game
Battlefield V, a 2018 video game by EA DICE
York Place is a street in central Edinburgh of almost exclusively 18th century buildings, linking Queen Street to Broughton Street and Leith Walk.
The street's architecture remains almost completely intact but it is one of the busiest streets in the city centre being part of the main east-west route for traffic together with the Edinburgh Trams line and several bus services.
History
York Place was developed as a dual sided street on the north-east edge of Edinburgh's First New Town. The land was purchased by the city from James Erskine, Lord Alva in 1793 and it was joined by the Heriot Trust which also owned land here. Work began immediately and was complete by 1804 (other than the church (see below).
The street is little altered. The only major change has been the demolition of the east side of Elder Street on the south side including the east corner with York Place, in 1969 (to improve access to the bus station).
In 1888 a tram system was introduced. Originally drawn by underground cables the system was invisible except for the rails and central channel (for the cable). This all changed in 1921 following unification of Edinburgh and Leith (which had electric trams since 1905) when a complex of poles and wires were added, to the severe detriment of the streetscape. These poles and cables were removed in 1956 following the demise of the trams. More conscious of the issue of "street clutter" the planners removed all lamp-posts from the street in the 1970s. The street is lit by high level floodlights mounted at eaves level on the buildings. The clutter of the trams reappeared in 2017 with the Edinburgh Trams project.
Notable Buildings
St Paul's and St George's Church by Archibald Elliot (built as St Paul's Chapel, 1816)
St George's Episcopal Chapel by James Adam in 1792 with a new front added in 1934, now in use as a Genting Casino
7 York Pl - St George's manse, an unusual castellated house immediately east of the chapel (1793 remodelled in 1818 by Alexander Laing for their own use)
1 to 3 York Place, an exceptional corner block by David Paton featuring three lower commercial floors with more glass than wall
44 York Place built as a tax office in 1964, remodelled as a Premier Inn in 2018
72 York Place - Conan Doyle public house - linked to the birthplace of Arthur Conan Doyle 50m eastwards
Notable residents
see
2 - James Orrock
6 - Thomas Meik civil engineer
7 - Alexander Laing (architect)
10 - David Milne
10 - William Craig, Lord Craig
10 - Admiral David Milne and their son Admiral Alexander Milne
15 - James Bonar WS
16 - Adam Gillies, Lord Gillies
19 - John Abercrombie (physician)
20 - Sir James Montgomery, 2nd Baronet
21 - James Archer (artist)
22 - Alexander Irving, Lord Newton
23 - James Miller (surgeon)
23 - John Yule (botanist)
28 - Rev David Dickson
30 - Alexander Gillespie
32 - Sir Henry Raeburn artist (as their studio and salesroom)
32 - Colvin Smith, artist
33 - John Lizars
35 - Dionysius Wielobycki
36 - James Scarth Combe
37 - John Starforth architect
40 - Alexander Osborne the giant
43 - John Abercrombie (physician)
47 - Alexander Nasmyth and their sons James Nasmyth and Patrick Nasmyth
57 - Thomas Hamilton (architect)
61 - Lady Sinclair of Murkle
61 - Frederick Hallard, legal author
References
New Town, Edinburgh
Streets in Edinburgh
The fourth presidential election of Nepal is expected to held in 2023.
Selection process
Part 6, Article 64 of the Constitution of Nepal 2015 sets the following qualifications for holding the presidency:
A person shall be eligible to be president if he/she fulfils the following qualifications:
He/she is eligible to be a member of the Federal Parliament.
He/she has attained at least 45 years of age, and
Is not ineligible by any law.
Notwithstanding anything contained in clause (1), a person who has already been elected president for two terms, shall not be eligible to be a Presidential candidate for the Presidential election thereafter.
References
Presidential elections in Nepal
The Talus Atlantic 85 DO-DO launch carriage is a Drive On - Drive Off lifeboat launch and recovery carriage used by the RNLI to launch its Atlantic class inshore lifeboats.
Design
The design is by Clayton Engineering Limited, who worked with the RNLI to produce the launch system. The carriage works in conjunction with Talus tractors which are used to deploy the Atlantic 85 inshore lifeboats. There are three versions of the carriage which includes a standard carriage and the option of a hydraulic power pack so that the angle of the launch can be changed to suit the conditions. The carriage launch platform has a main bed which elevates through 10° to achieve this feature. The third variant of the carriage has the elevation bed mounted on a rail carriage system.
Operation
Under normal launch conditions the lifeboat is loaded with its bow to the rear of the carriage to allow faster deployment. When the lifeboat is recovered it reverses back on to the launch bed. Depending on the sea condition the helmsman require good seamanship to achieve this.
Carriage fleet
See also
Talus MB-H amphibious tractor
Talus MB-764 amphibious tractor
Talus MB-4H amphibious tractor
RNLI New Holland TC45 launch tractor
References
Royal National Lifeboat Institution launch vehicles
Kolköy is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 86 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Ram Shahar, also spelled Ramshahar, is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 4,337, in 601 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Cui Yongzhe (; ; born 8 January 1987 in Yanji) is a Chinese footballer of Korean descent.
Club career
Cui Yongzhe was promoted to Yanbian Changbaishan's first team squad in 2004. In February 2009, Cui transferred to China League One side Anhui Jiufang. Cui returned to Yanbian FC in January 2011.
On 21 January 2013, Cui moved to China League One side Chongqing Lifan. They made their Super League debut on 14 March 2015, in the second match of the season against Guangzhou Evergrande, coming on as a substitute for Wang Dong.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2019.
Honours
Club
Chongqing Lifan
China League One: 2014
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Yanbian
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Jilin
Chinese people of Korean descent
Yanbian Funde F.C. players
Anhui Jiufang players
Chongqing Liangjiang Athletic F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
China League Two players
Association football midfielders
Stephen Carroll was a Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer who was killed by the Continuity IRA on 9 March 2009 in Craigavon, County Armagh, Northern Ireland. Carroll's killing marked the first time a serving police officer had been killed since the Good Friday Agreement in 1998.
Two days before the attack the Real IRA shot dead two British soldiers in Massereene, County Antrim. This period marked a significant escalation in the campaign by dissident republicans.
Attack
The Continuity IRA smashed a window with a brick knowing the PSNI would respond.
At about 9:45 pm two police vehicles arrived at the scene and when they went to get out they were shot at. A gunman shot Carroll from 50 metres away with an AK-47 while in their patrol car. Carroll was shot in the head.
Aftermath
The Continuity IRA claimed responsibility saying their North Armagh Battalion were responsible for the attack and that "As long as there is British involvement in Ireland, these attacks will continue."
On 10 March there was a one-minute silence in the Northern Ireland Assembly. Prime Minister Gordon Brown stated that "These are murderers who are trying to distort, disrupt and destroy a political process that is working for the people of Northern Ireland," Chief Constable Sir Hugh Orde called it a "sad day" and said the gunmen were "criminal psychopaths".
Richard Walsh, the spokesperson for Republican Sinn Féin, a party linked to the Continuity IRA, said the killings were "an act of war" rather than murder. "We have always upheld the right of the Irish people to use any level of controlled and disciplined force to drive the British out of Ireland. We make no apology for that". They also described the PSNI as "an armed adjunct of the British Army".
Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness said those responsible were "traitors to the island of Ireland" and that "they have betrayed the political desires, hopes and aspirations of all of the people who live on this island."
McConville and Wooton have become known as the ‘Craigavon 2' amongst Irish Republicans who claim their innocence.
See also
Murder of Ronan Kerr
Murder of David Black
References
2009 in Northern Ireland
Attacks by Republicans since the Good Friday Agreement
Continuity Irish Republican Army
Carroll, Stephen
History of County Armagh
March 2009 events in the United Kingdom
Terrorist incidents in the United Kingdom in 2009
2009 crimes in Ireland
Deaths by person in Northern Ireland
2000s murders in Northern Ireland
2009 murders in the United Kingdom
Whitteridge is a surname. Notable people by that name include:
Gweneth Whitteridge (1910-1993), president of the History of Medicine Society of the Royal Society of Medicine.
Gordon Whitteridge (1908–1995), British diplomat.
Ataxia illita is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1885. It is known from Guatemala.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1885
Alexander Clark Mitchell (October 11, 1860 – July 7, 1911) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Mitchell moved to Kansas in 1867 with their parents, who settled in Douglas County, near Lawrence, Kansas. They attended the public schools, and was graduated from the law department of the University of Kansas at Lawrence in 1889. They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Lawrence.
Mitchell served as prosecuting attorney of Douglas County 1894–1898, and as a member of the University of Kansas board of regents 1904-10. They served as a member of the State board of law examiners 1907-10, and was a member of the Kansas House of Representatives 1907-11. They were elected as a Republican to the Sixty-second Congress and served from March 4, 1911, until their death in Lawrence, Kansas, July 7, 1911, and was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
Alexander C. Mitchell, late a representative from Kansas, Memorial addresses delivered in the House of Representatives and Senate frontispiece 1913
External links
1860 births
1911 deaths
Politicians from Cincinnati
Politicians from Lawrence, Kansas
Kansas lawyers
American prosecutors
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
University of Kansas alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Gianluca D'Angelo (born 13 March 1991) is a Swiss professional footballer.
Club career
D'Angelo began their playing career at FC Schwamendingen before moving on to Grasshopper where they rose through the youth ranks, playing regularly for the reserve team. They eventually made their Swiss Super League debut on 19 July 2009 against FC Sion, coming on as a substitute. During the second half of the 2010–11 season, they went on loan to Swiss Challenge League side FC Schaffhausen making their debut against FC Lugano on 4 April 2011. At the start of the 2011–12 season D'Angelo again went on loan to a second division club, this time AC Bellinzona. They made their debut on 23 July 2011 against SR Delémont.
International career
D'Angelo is currently a Switzerland youth international having played at under-19 level. They were also named in a 50-man preliminary squad called up for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London but did not make the final team.
References
External links
Career history at SFV
1991 births
Footballers from Zürich
Living people
Association football midfielders
Swiss people of Italian descent
Swiss footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
FC Schaffhausen players
AC Bellinzona players
FC Winterthur players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Swiss 1. Liga (football) players
2. Liga Interregional players
Melbourne Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private tertiary educational institution catering principally to international students in Australia at campuses in Melbourne and Sydney. It has a NEAS-accredited English Language Centre and offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in business, accounting, management, marketing, information technology, computer networking and telecommunications engineering.
History
Founded in 1996 by Nepali-Australian Businessman Shesh Ghale and their wife Jamuna Gurung, Melbourne Institute of Technology initially offered diploma-level courses in business, information technology and English from its Melbourne campus. In partnership with the University of New England, in 2003 MIT opened a Sydney campus offering UNE courses. In October 2016, a new Melbourne campus was opened in the historic Argus Building.
Governance
Melbourne Institute of Technology is governed by a board of directors which is responsible for overseeing the higher education operations and the general direction and superintendence of the institute. the board chair is former Federation University Deputy Vice-Chancellor Emeritus Professor Wayne Robinson. The board of directors delegates responsibility for the management of MIT's operations to the appointed CEO. the CEO is co-founder Shesh Ghale.
Partnership with Federation University
Melbourne Institute of Technology is an affiliated institute of the Federation University Australia and offers a range of FedUni undergraduate and postgraduate programs at its Melbourne and Sydney campuses. The partnership between the FedUni and MIT involves FedUni controlling the quality of the courses and conferring the qualifications, whilst MIT provides the facilities, lecturers, tutors and student services. All academic staff at MIT are approved to teach by FedUni. Students enrolled in FedUni courses at MIT attend as FedUni-enrolled students. Upon successful completion they are awarded FedUni degrees.
Students can undertake FedUni undergraduate and postgraduate degrees at MIT in:
Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting) - Teachout
Bachelor of Professional Accounting
Bachelor of Information Technology (Business Information Systems)
Bachelor of Information Technology
Bachelor of Business (Management)
Graduate Diploma of Professional Accounting
Graduate Diploma of Management
Graduate Diploma of Technology (Enterprise Systems & Business Analytics)
Graduate Diploma of Technology (Software Engineering)
Master of Business Administration (MM9) - Teachout
Master of Business Administration (International Business)
Master of Professional Accounting
Master of Technology (Software Engineering)
Master of Technology (Enterprise Systems & Business Analytics)
University goal
In October 2020, CEO Shesh Ghale announced that it was MIT's goal to transition to university status in its own right within five years.
References
Educational institutions established in 1996
Universities in Melbourne
1996 establishments in Australia
The 2nd Bavarian Landwehr Division (2. Bayerische Landwehr-Division) was a unit of the Bavarian Army, part of the Imperial German Army, in World War I. The division was formed on December 31, 1916. It was disbanded in 1919 during the demobilization of the German Army after World War I. It was composed primarily of troops of the Landwehr.
Combat chronicle
The 2nd Bavarian Landwehr Division initially served on the Eastern Front, entering the line in the Baltic region near Riga. In September 1917, it participated in the Battle of Riga. The division then remained on the line on the Duna River until the armistice on the Eastern Front in December 1917. For most of 1918, it served in Livonia and Estonia as part of the German occupation forces. In October 1918, it was transferred to the Western Front, and occupied a portion of the trenchline in Lorraine until the end of World War I. Allied intelligence rated the division as fourth class.
Order of battle on formation
The 2nd Bavarian Landwehr Division was formed as a triangular division with one brigade of three infantry regiments. The order of battle of the division on February 19, 1917, was as follows:
9. bayerische Landwehr-Brigade
Kgl. Bayerisches Landwehr-Infanterie-Regiment Nr. 2
Kgl. Bayerisches Landwehr-Infanterie-Regiment Nr. 5
Kgl. Bayerisches Landwehr-Infanterie-Regiment Nr. 10
3.Eskadron/Kgl. Bayerisches Reserve-Kavallerie-Regiment Nr. 1
Kgl. Bayerisches Landwehr-Feldartillerie-Regiment Nr. 2
Stab Kgl. Bayerisches Pionier-Bataillon Nr. 25
Kgl. Bayerische Landwehr-Pionier-Kompanie Nr. 2
Kgl. Bayerische Landwehr-Pionier-Kompanie Nr. 3
Kgl. Bayerische Minenwerfer-Kompanie Nr. 502
Late-war order of battle
As German divisional organizations had become fairly standardized by late 1916 when the division was formed, it underwent relatively few organizational changes over the course of the war. It received a divisional signals command in September 1917, and did not receive an artillery command until October 1918. The order of battle on March 4, 1918, was as follows:
6. bayerische Landwehr-Brigade:
Kgl. Bayerisches Landwehr-Infanterie-Regiment Nr. 2
Kgl. Bayerisches Landwehr-Infanterie-Regiment Nr. 5
Kgl. Bayerisches Landwehr-Infanterie-Regiment Nr. 10
3.Eskadron/Kgl. Bayerisches Reserve-Kavallerie-Regiment Nr. 1
Kgl. Bayerisches Landwehr-Feldartillerie-Regiment Nr. 2
Stab Kgl. Bayerisches Pionier-Bataillon Nr. 25
Kgl. Bayerische Landwehr-Pionier-Kompanie Nr. 2
Kgl. Bayerische Landwehr-Pionier-Kompanie Nr. 3
Kgl. Bayerische Minenwerfer-Kompanie Nr. 502
Kgl. Bayerischer Divisions-Nachrichten-Kommandeur 502
References
2.Bayerische-Landwehr-Division (Chronik 1916/1918) - Der erste Weltkrieg
Hermann Cron et al., Ruhmeshalle unserer alten Armee (Berlin, 1935)
Hermann Cron, Geschichte des deutschen Heeres im Weltkriege 1914-1918 (Berlin, 1937)
Günter Wegner, Stellenbesetzung der deutschen Heere 1825-1939. (Biblio Verlag, Osnabrück, 1993), Bd. 1
Histories of Two Hundred and Fifty-One Divisions of the German Army which Participated in the War (1914-1918), compiled from records of Intelligence section of the General Staff, American Expeditionary Forces, at General Headquarters, Chaumont, France 1919 (1920)
Notes
Infantry divisions of Germany in World War I
Military units and formations established in 1916
Military units and formations of Bavaria
Military units and formations disestablished in 1919
1916 establishments in Germany
Externalism is a group of positions in the philosophy of mind which argues that the conscious mind is not only the result of what is going on inside the nervous system (or the brain), but also what occurs or exists outside the subject. It is contrasted with internalism which holds that the mind emerges from neural activity alone. Externalism is a belief that the mind is not just the brain or functions of the brain.
There are different versions of externalism based on different beliefs about what the mind is taken to be. Externalism stresses factors external to the nervous system. At one extreme, the mind could possibly depend on external factors. At the opposite extreme, the mind necessarily depends on external factors. The extreme view of externalism argues either that the mind is constituted by or identical with processes partially or totally external to the nervous system.
Another important criterion in externalist theory is to which aspect of the mind is addressed. Some externalists focus on cognitive aspects of the mindsuch as Andy Clark and David Chalmers, Shaun Gallagher and many otherswhile others engage either the phenomenal aspect of the mind or the conscious mind itself. Several philosophers consider the conscious phenomenal content and activity, such as William Lycan, Alex Byrne or Francois Tonneau; Teed Rockwell or Riccardo Manzotti.
Proto-externalists
The proto-externalist group includes authors who were not considered as externalist but whose work suggest views similar to current forms of externalism. The first group of protexternalists to consider is the group of neorealists active at the beginning of 1900. In particular, Edwin Holt suggested a view of perception that considered the external world as constitutive of mental content. Their rejection of representation paved the way to consider the external object as being somehow directly perceived: "Nothing can represent a thing but that thing itself". Holt's words anticipated by almost a century the anti-representationalist slogan by Rodney Brooks: "The world is its best representation".
More recently, neorealist views were refreshed by Francois Tonneau, who wrote that "According to neorealism, consciousness is merely a part, or cross-section, of the environment. Neorealism implies that all conscious experiences, veridical or otherwise"
Another notable author is Alfred North Whitehead. Whitehead's process ontology is a form of externalism since it endorses a neutral ontology. The basic elements (prehension, actual occasions, events, and processes) proceeded from microscopic activity up to the highest level of psychological and emotional life. David Ray Griffin has written an update on Whitehead's thought.
John Dewey also expressed a conception of the mind and its role in the world which is sympathetic with externalism.
Gregory Bateson also outlined an ecological view of the mind. Because of their background in cybernetics, they were familiar with the notion of feedback that somehow hampers the traditional separation between the inside and the outside of a system. They questioned the traditional boundary of the mind and tried to express an ecological view of it, attempting to show that the chasm between mind and nature is less obvious than it seems.
Semantic externalism
Semantic externalism is the first form of externalism which was dubbed so. As the name suggests it focuses on mental content of semantic nature.
Semantic externalism suggests that the mental content does not supervene on what is in the head. Yet the physical basis and mechanisms of the mind remain inside the head. This is a relatively safe move since it does not jeopardize our beliefs of being located inside our cranium. Hilary Putnam focused particularly on intentionality between our thoughts and external state of affairs – whether concepts or objects. To defend their position, Putnam developed the famous Twin Earth thought experiment. Putnam expressed their view with the slogan "'meanings' just ain't in the head."
In contrast, Tyler Burge emphasized the social nature of the external world suggesting that semantic content is externally constituted by means of social, cultural, and linguistic interactions.
Phenomenal externalism
Phenomenal externalism extends the externalist view to phenomenal content. Fred Dretske (Dretske 1996) suggested that "The experiences themselves are in the head (why else would close one's eyes or stopping one's ears extinguish them?), but nothing in the head (indeed, at the time one is having the experiences, nothing outside the head) need to have the qualities that distinguish these experiences." (Dretske 1996, p. 144-145). So, although experiences remain in the head, their phenomenal content could depend on something elsewhere.
In similar way, William Lycan defended an externalist and representationalist view of phenomenal experience. In particular, they objected to the tenet that qualia are narrow.
It has been often held that some, if not all, of mental states must have a broad content, that is an external content to their vehicles. For instance, Frank Jackson and Philip Pettit stated that "The contents of certain intentional states are broad or context-bound. The contents of some beliefs depend on how things are outside the subject" (Jackson and Pettit 1988, p. 381)
However, neither Dretske nor Lycan go far as to claim that the phenomenal mind extends literally and physically beyond the skin. In sum they suggest that phenomenal contents could depend on phenomena external to the body, while their vehicles remains inside.
The extended mind
The extended mind model suggests that cognition is larger than the body of the subject. According to such a model, the boundaries of cognitive processes are not always inside the skin. "Minds are composed of tools for thinking" (Dennett 2000, p. 21). According to Andy Clark, "cognition leaks out into body and world". The mind then is no longer inside the skull, but it is extended to comprehend whatever tools are useful (ranging from notepad and pencils up to smartphones and USB memories). This, in a nutshell, is the model of the extended mind.
When someone uses pencil and paper to compute large sums, cognitive processes extend to the pencil and paper themselves. In a loose sense, nobody would deny it. In a stronger sense, it can be controversial whether the boundaries of the cognitive mind would extend to the pencil and paper. For most of the proponents of the extended mind, the phenomenal mind remains inside the brain. While commenting on Andy Clark's last book Supersizing the Mind, David Chalmers asks "what about the big question: extended consciousness? The dispositional beliefs, cognitive processes, perceptual mechanisms, and moods […] extend beyond the borders of consciousness, and it is plausible that it is precisely the nonconscious part of them that is extended." (Chalmers 2009, p. xiv)
Enactivism and embodied cognition
Enactivism and embodied cognition stress the tight coupling between the cognitive processes, the body, and the environment. Enactivism builds upon the work of other scholars who could be considered as proto externalists; these include Gregory Bateson, James J. Gibson, Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Eleanor Rosch and many others. These thinkers suggest that the mind is either dependent on or identical with the interactions between the world and the agents. For instance, Kevin O'Regan and Alva Noe suggested in a seminal paper that the mind is constituted by the sensory-motor contingency between the agent and the world. A sensory-motor contingency is an occasion to act in a certain way and it results from the matching between environmental and bodily properties. To a certain extent a sensory-motor contingencies strongly resembles Gibson's affordances. Eventually, Noe developed a more epistemic version of enactivism where the content is the knowledge the agent has as to what it can do in a certain situation. In any case they are an externalist when they claim that "What perception is, however, is not a process in the brain, but a kind of skilful activity on the part of the animal as a whole. The enactive view challenges neuroscience to devise new ways of understanding the neural basis of perception and consciousness" (Noë 2004, p. 2). Recently, Noe published a more popular and shorter version of their position.
Enactivism receives support from various other correlated views such as embodied cognition or situated cognition. These views are usually the result of the rejection of the classic computational view of the mind which is centered on the notion of internal representations. Enactivism receives its share of negative comments, particularly from neuroscientists such as Christof Koch (Koch 2004, p. 9): "While proponents of the enactive point of view rightly emphasize that perception usually takes place within the context of action, I have little patience for their neglect of the neural basis of perception. If there is one thing that scientists are reasonably sure of, it is that brain activity is both necessary and sufficient for biological sentience."
To recap, enactivism is a case of externalism, sometimes restricted to cognitive or semantic aspects, some other times striving to encompass phenomenal aspects. Something that no enactivist has so far claimed is that all phenomenal content is the result of the interaction with the environment.
Recent forms of phenomenal externalism
Some externalists suggest explicitly that phenomenal content as well as the mental process are partially external to the body of the subject. The authors considering these views wonder whether not only cognition but also the conscious mind could be extended in the environment. While enactivism, at the end of the day, accepts the standard physicalist ontology that conceives the world as made of interacting objects, these more radical externalists consider the possibility that there is some fundamental flaw in our way to conceive reality and that some ontological revision is indeed unavoidable.
Teed Rockwell published a wholehearted attack against all forms of dualism and internalism. They proposed that the mind emerges not entirely from brain activity but from an interacting nexus of brain, body, and world. They therefore endorses embodied cognition, holding that neuroscience wrongly endorses a form of Cartesian materialism, an indictment also issued by many others. Dwelling on John Dewey's heritage, they argue that the brain and the body bring into existence the mind as a "behavioral field" in the environment.
Ted Honderich is perhaps the philosopher with the greatest experience in the field. They defend a position they themselves dubbed "radical externalism" perhaps because of its ontological consequences. One of their main examples is that "what it actually is for you to be aware of the room you are in, it is for the room a way to exist." According to him, "Phenomenologically, what it is for you to be perceptually conscious is for a world somehow to exist". Therefore, they identify existence with consciousness.
Another radical form of phenomenal externalism is the view called the spread mind by Riccardo Manzotti. They question the separation between subject and object, seeing these as only two incomplete perspectives and descriptions of the same physical process. They support a process ontology that endorses a mind spread physically and spatio-temporally beyond the skin. Objects are not autonomous as we know them, but rather actual processes framing our reality.
Another explanation was proposed by Roger Bartra with their theory of the exocerebrum. They explain that consciousness is both inside and outside the brain, and that the frontier that separates both realms is useless and a burden in the explanation of the self. In their Anthropology of the Brain: Consciousness, Culture, and Free Will (Cambridge University Press, 2014; originally published in Spanish in 2005) they criticize both externalism and internalism.
See also
Extelligence
Foundationalism
Hard problem of consciousness
References
External links
Andy Clark's online papers
David Chalmers' home page
Alva Noe's home page
Ted Honderich's home page
Riccardo Manzotti's home page
Teed Rockwell's home page
Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy: Externalism About Mental Content
Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy: Internalism and Externalism in the Philosophy of Mind and Language
Philosophy of mind
Ontology
Sōseki is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1985. The crater is named for Japanese novelist Natsume Sōseki.
The crater Plath is south of Sōseki, and it contains hollows.
References
Impact craters on Mercury
West Dover, is a coastal fishing community located in the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula. West Dover is situated between Peggy's Cove and East Dover on Highway 333.
History
The early years
West Dover was created in the 1770s with the Troope and Scott land grants. Major settlement began in the 1800s when a permanent fishing village was established. The founding family names were: Morash, Zinck, Scott, Publicover, Cleveland, Berringer, Umlah, Taylor, Troop, Young names arriving in late 1800s include Allen and Richardson among other prominent names that arrived during the mid to late 1800s. These names are still common in the area today. The families were mostly of European descent.
Cod, Mackerel, Pollack, Herring, Haddock, Halibut, Lobster, and Tuna were plentiful in the early years. The fish was salted and dried to preserve them as there was no refrigeration. The fish was sold in Halifax and made its way up and down the East Coast. During this time West Dover predominantly had schooners an average of 40 feet in length fishing out of the harbour, as well as smaller fishing boats, and punts that people had to manually row close to shore.
1920s–1930s
Prohibition in the United States created opportunity in West Dover from 1920 - 1933 for rum running. Rum running was something that supplemented fishing income and was risky but highly profitable. The fishermen would set out with a load of alcohol on moonless nights and navigate in the darkness to the coast of Maine. The alcohol was stored in wooden barrels loaded with salt. If the fishermen noticed law enforcement vessels they would dump the barrels overboard. The salt in the barrels would slowly dissolve. A few hours later, after the law enforcement officials had left, the barrels would float back up to the surface and be brought back on board.
1940s–1950s
This period saw a lot of change occur in West Dover. A new paved highway was built that made Halifax more accessible. The improved roads brought more traffic to the area and saw the first tourists visit the area. Electricity and phone service was added that improved life in the village and reduced the use of oil lamps for lighting. The first TV sets arrived in West Dover in the mid-1950s.
In the 1950s the first government wharf was built at the entrance to Dover Harbour also called Dover Soi. Also in the 1950s the first Post Office was opened by Duggan's General Store and later operated by Judson and Minnie Smeltzer.
1960s–1970s
In 1961 the Peggy's Cove Preservation Area was created by expropriating the land surrounding Peggy's Cove, West Dover, and Indian Harbour.
The Government wharf was rebuilt in the 1970s on the site of the first wharf.
1980s–1990s
The Collapse of the Northern Cod Fishery in 1992 led to the closure of West Dover's only fish plant and was a major loss of income for the village. Many people left fishing and started working in the construction industry.
After the decline of the Cod stocks, the lobster fishing industry has taken over as one of the most important fishing activities in West Dover.
Present day
West Dover remains, to this day, one of the few villages in the area that carries on a fishing tradition. West Dover has dozens of small wharfs and fish stages used by the fishers along the shoreline and a large government wharf at the harbour entrance.
In 2008, West Dover connected to high-speed internet through Eastlink Communications.
An influx of new residents and development has occurred in West Dover over the last decade.
Geography
Topography
West Dover was reshaped by glaciers during the last ice age approximately 10,000 years ago. The landscape has large areas of exposed granite and an average of less than 10 inches of soil. The park area around West Dover is known as "The Barrens" and has countless lakes, bogs, and granite hills. Glacial erratics are scattered across the hillsides.
Culture
Leisure and entertainment
West Dover is a popular tourist location in the summer and has inns, cottages, and B&Bs. Rock climbers visit West Dover for its granite hills and glacially exposed boulders.
During the summer tourism season sailboats and yachts take shelter in West Dover's protected harbour. The government wharf is the usual place for visiting boats to moor.
Film and television
Movies like the Shipping News, and The Weight of Water, and music videos like The Trew's Hope & Ruin have filmed in West Dover due to its seaside location, and barren rustic scenery.
References
External links
Explore HRM
Photo Fisheries and Oceans Canada
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
Jacques Amand Eudes-Deslongchamps (17 January 179417 January 1867) was a French naturalist and paleontologist. Their son, Eugène Eudes-Deslongchamps (1830–1889), was also a paleontologist.
They were born at Caen in Normandy. Their parents, though poor, contrived to give them a good education, and they studied medicine in their native town to such good effect that in 1812 they were appointed assistant-surgeon in the navy, and in 1815 surgeon assistant major to the military hospital of Caen. Soon afterwards they proceeded to Paris to qualify for the degree of doctor of surgery, and there the researches and teachings of Cuvier attracted their attention to subjects of natural history and palaeontology.
In 1822 they were elected surgeon to the board of relief at Caen, and while they never ceased to devote their energies to the duties of this post, they sought relaxation in geological studies. Soon they discovered remains of Teleosaurus in one of the Caen quarries, and they became an ardent palaeontologist. They were one of the founders of the museum of natural history at Caen, and acted as honorary curator; they were likewise one of the founders of the Socité linnenne de Normandie (1823), to the transactions of which society they communicated papers on Teleosaurus, Poekilopleuron (Megalosaurus), on Jurassic mollusca and brachiopoda. In 1825 they became professor of zoology to the faculty of sciences, and in 1847, dean.
References
1794 births
1867 deaths
Physicians from Caen
French paleontologists
Scientists from Caen
The Eastman School of Music Student Living Center is a residential building that is part of the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York.
References
Residential buildings completed in 1990
Eastman School of Music
University and college dormitories in the United States
Residential skyscrapers in Rochester, New York
1990 establishments in New York (state)
The men's 56 kilograms event at the 1998 Asian Games took place on 7 December 1998 at Thunder Dome, Maung Thong Thani Sports Complex.
Schedule
All times are Indochina Time (UTC+07:00)
Results
Legend
NM — No mark
Ayed Khawaldeh of Jordan originally finished with no mark, but was disqualified after they tested positive for triamterene.
References
Results
External links
Weightlifting Database
Weightlifting at the 1998 Asian Games
This is a list of notable events in country music that took place in the year 1957.
Events
April — Jimmy Dean hosts their first nationally televised series, a 30-minute daytime variety series airing on CBS named The Jimmy Dean Show. The show has a prime-time run from June to September (as a summer replacement series); the daytime show will run until 1958. This is the first of three country music-oriented series bearing Dean's name and hosting duties.
June 24 — Billboard terminates its "Most Played C&W in Juke Boxes" chart, leaving just the "Most Played C&W by Jockeys" and "C&W Best Sellers in Stores" charts to gauge a song's popularity.
November 4 — The Nos. 1 and 2 songs on the Billboard Hot 100, and Billboards R&B and country charts are identical: Elvis Presley's "Jailhouse Rock" and the Everly Brothers' "Wake Up Little Susie." In addition, the No. 6 hit on the Hot 100 and R&B charts — Jimmie Rodgers' "Honeycomb" — is also climbing the country chart.
December 11 — Jerry Lee Lewis secretly weds their second cousin, Myra Gale Brown, in Hernando, Tennessee.
Top hits of the year
Number one hits
United States
(as certified by Billboard)
Notes
1^ No. 1 song of the year, as determined by Billboard.
2^ Song dropped from No. 1 and later returned to top spot.
A^ First Billboard No. 1 hit for that artist.
B^ Last Billboard No. 1 hit for that artist.Note': Several songs were simultaneous No. 1 hits on the separate "Most Played C&W in Juke Boxes," "Most Played C&W by Jockeys" and "C&W Best Sellers in Stores" charts.
Other major hits
Top new album releases
Johnny Cash With Their Hot and Blue Guitar – Johnny Cash (Sun) debut album''
Births
January 4 — Patty Loveless, top female vocalist of the late 1980s and 1990s, thanks to their voice combining bluegrass, blues and rock.
February 19 — Lorianne Crook, radio and television personality, one half of Crook & Chase.
April 12 — Vince Gill, top male vocalist and prominent member of the new traditionalist movement of the late 1980s/1990s.
May 2 — Mark Sissel, lead guitarist from the Western Underground.
July 24 — Pam Tillis, daughter of Mel Tillis and popular female vocalist of the 1990s.
July 27 – Bill Engvall, comedian and member of Blue Collar Comedy with Jeff Foxworthy, Larry the Cable Guy and Ron White
August 22 — Holly Dunn, female star and artist who helped popularize country music during the late 1980s/early 1990s (died 2016).
November 1 — Lyle Lovett, alternative country star.
Deaths
March 24 — Carson Robison, 66, early C&W singer-songwriter.
References
Further reading
Kingsbury, Paul, "The Grand Ole Opry: History of Country Music. 70 Years of the Songs, the Stars and the Stories," Villard Books, Random House; Opryland USA, 1995
Kingsbury, Paul, "Vinyl Hayride: Country Music Album Covers 1947–1989," Country Music Foundation, 2003 ()
Millard, Bob, "Country Music: 70 Years of America's Favorite Music," HarperCollins, New York, 1993 ()
Whitburn, Joel, "Top Country Songs 1944–2005 – 6th Edition." 2005.
Other links
Country Music Association
Country
Country music by year
Sweaty Handshake was the debut compilation album by Irish rock band Pet Lamb. It was released 27 January 1995 through Roadrunner Records.
It is a compilation of two EPs released through Dublin based indie label Blunt Records – Paranoid from the Neck Down released 1 March 1993, and Spent released 5 January 1994. Two additional tracks recorded in 1994, 'All-Time Low' and 'I Got Played', as well as additional instrumental segues at the end of tracks 6 and 12, are only available on this release.
'Drop It' from the Paranoid from the Neck Down EP, and all tracks from the Spent EP, were remixed for this album. The spoken sample at the end of 'Never Rest Again' fades out on this release.
The album was released on LP, CD and Cassette. Initial copies of the LP included a 7" featuring 'The Cleaver' and 'Bangkok', an Alex Chilton cover.
Track listing
"Never Rest Again"
"Asshole Agony Aunt"
"All-Time Low"
"Little Meaner"
"Where Did Your Plan Go"
"Black Mask"
"Insult to Injury"
"I Got Played"
"Fun with Maggots"
"Suck the Grain"
"Drop It"
"The Bastard"
Paranoid from the Neck Down EP
"Little Meaner"
"Where Did Your Plans Go"
"Asshole Agony Aunt"
"Never Rest Again"
"Drop It"
Spent EP
"Insult to Injury"
"Fun with Maggots"
"Suck the Grain"
"Black Mask"
"The Bastard"
Singles
"Black Mask" was released November 1994 on CD and 10", with "Get Your Socks Off" and "Cinders".
"Where Did Your Plans Go" was released 18 April 1995 on CD and 10", with "Bully Lover" and "Mutt Stamina".
Personnel
Brian Mooney – Vocals, Guitar
Dylan Philips – Vocals, Guitar
Kevin Talbot – Bass Guitar
James Lillis – Drums
References
1995 compilation albums
Roadrunner Records albums
Pet Lamb albums
A scolecodont is the jaw of a polychaete annelid, a common type of fossil-producing segmented worm useful in invertebrate paleontology. Scolecodonts are common and diverse microfossils, which range from the Cambrian period (around half a billion years ago at the start of the Paleozoic era) to the present. They diversified profusely in the Ordovician, and are most common in the Ordovician, Silurian and Devonian marine deposits of the Paleozoic era.
Relatedly, more problematic worm-like fossils have been described in even older, Neoproterozoic era deposits in the Ediacaran Hills of southern Australia and in mid-Cambrian deposits of Burgess shale in British Columbia.
Since the other classes of annelids (specifically, the earthworms and leeches) lack hard parts, only the sea-dwelling polychaetes are frequently represented in the fossil record. Polychaetes are commonly fossilized due to their chitinous teeth and their dwelling tubes made of durable calcite (a calcium carbonate), hardened mucus (a.k.a. parchment), and/or chitin-like cement.
Taxonomy
Scolecodonts belonging to the extinct families Atraktoprionidae, Hadoprionidae, Kalloprionidae, Mochtyellidae, Paulinitidae, Polychaetaspidae, Ramphoprionidae, Rhytiprionidae, Skalenoprionidae, Symmetroprionidae, Xanioprionidae, and the still-extant (living) family Oenonidae (which includes the Arabellidae) are known from Silurian rocks in Scotland. Scolecodonts representing the present-day families Onuphidae and Dorvilleidae first appeared in Mesozoic era deposits.
History
Segments of the fossil jaw of a polychaete worm were first reported from Silurian strata on the Estonian island of Saaremaa in 1854, but they were misinterpreted as fish teeth. A year later, impressions of whole polychaete worms with poorly preserved jaws were described from Italian Tertiary deposits. Subsequently, E. Ehlers, a specialist on recent polychaetes, recorded them from the Jurassic Solenhofen Stone of Bavaria, Germany, demonstrating their affinity and proposing the generic names Eunicites and Lumbriconereites. Extensive studies in the late 19th century by George J. Hinde of material from England, Wales, Canada and Sweden established a basis for the nomenclature of what they regarded as isolated components of annelid jaws; but study of them lapsed thereafter for almost 50 years.
References
External links
scolecodonts.net including complete scientific bibliography, lists of fossil genera and species, and selection of images
graptolite.net Piotr Mierzejewski's page on microfossils
Annelids
Fossil record of animals
Microfossils
Coniston is a civil parish in the South Lakeland District of Cumbria, England. It contains 53 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, four are listed at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish is in the Lake District National Park and is located to the west, north and east of Coniston Water. Most of the listed buildings are houses and associated structures, farmhouses and farm buildings. The other listed buildings include bridges, a limekiln, a folly, a boundary stone, a church, a drinking fountain, and a memorial.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Cumbria
Patton Hill is an unincorporated community in the Indian Creek Township, of Lawrence County, Indiana.
Geography
Patton Hill is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
FC Red Star Zürich is a football club from Zürich, Switzerland; the club was founded in 1905, and is currently playing in the 1. Liga.
Players
Managers
Presidents
External links
Official site
Football clubs in Switzerland
Association football clubs established in 1905
Sport in Zürich
1905 establishments in Switzerland
The Asociación de Scouts Dominicanos (Dominican Scout Association) is the national Scouting organization of the Dominican Republic. Scouting came to the Dominican Republic in 1914, and the Asociación de Scouts Dominicanos was founded in 1920 and became a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1930. It serves 1,278 Scouts of both sexes as of 2011.
Scouts are active in community service, tree planting, conservation and pollution control, and are becoming active in environmental awareness.
Many Scouts, Rovers and Scout Leaders attend annual training courses in fire control and lifesaving conducted by the Fire Department.
Program and ideals
Manada (Cubs)-ages 7 to 10
Tropa (Scouts)-ages 11 to 15
Caminantes (Explorers) -ages 15 to 18
Clan (Rovers)-ages 18 to 21
The Scout Motto is Siempre listo, Always ready.
The highest rank was formerly the Scout Enriquillo, named for a Taíno cacique who rebelled against the Spaniards in the 16th century.
The membership badge of the Asociación de Scouts Dominicanos incorporates elements of the flag of the Dominican Republic.
Scout Oath
Yo prometo por mi honor y con la gracia de Dios, hacer cuanto de mí dependa para cumplir mis deberes para con Dios y la patria, ayudar al prójimo en todas circunstancias y cumplir fielmente la Ley Scout.
Scout Law
El Scout cifra su honor en ser digno de confianza
El Scout es leal para con su patria, padres, jefes y subordinados
El Scout es util y ayuda a los demás sin pensar en recompensa
El Scout es amigo de todos y hermano de todo Scout sin distincion de credo, raza, nacionalidad o clase social
El Scout es cortés y caballeroso
El Scout ve en la naturaleza la obra de Dios, protege a los animales y plantas
El Scout sonríe y canta en sus dificultades
El Scout es económico, trabajador y cuidadoso del bien ajeno
El Scout es limpio y sano en pensamientos, palabras y acciones
See also
Asociación de Guías Scouts Dominicanas
References
External links
Official Homepage
World Organization of the Scout Movement member organizations
Scouting and Guiding in the Dominican Republic
Youth organizations established in 1920
Hans-Georg Rammensee (born 12 April 1953) is a German immunologist and cancer researcher. They have been Chair Professor and Head of the Department of Immunology at the University of Tübingen since 1996. Rammensee has contributed essentially to the research fields of MHC biology and tumor immunology and to the development of cancer immunotherapies.
Life
Rammensee studied Biology at the University of Tübingen and worked as a PhD student at the Max Planck Institute for Biology in Tübingen. After gaining their doctorate in 1982 they initially worked as a post-doctoral research fellow at Scripps Research Institute, La Jolla, USA. In 1985 they moved as a scientific member to the Basel Institute for Immunology, Basel, Switzerland. Two years later Rammensee returned to Max Planck Institute for Biology as a group leader at the department of immunogenetics. 1993 they became head of department at the Tumor-Virus-Immunology Section of the German Cancer Research Center, Heidelberg, Germany. The same year they were appointed professor at the Faculty of Theoretical Medicine of Heidelberg University. They have been a Full Professor at the University of Tübingen and Chair of the Department of Immunology at the Institute for Cell Biology since 1996.
Research
Since the late 1970s, Rammensee has been focusing on immunology with the specific aim of using tumor immunology to fight against cancer. They have contributed to genetics and immune regulation as well as to the understanding of minor H antigens, T cells and the major histocompatibility complex (MHC). Their group has systematically developed bioinformatics tools for this purpose. In recent years, Rammensee has combined basic research on MHC biology with translational research, thus bringing tumor immunology into clinical practice. Currently they are focusing on the development of individualized cancer immunotherapy.
In 2000 and 2010, Rammensee co-founded three research-based companies. Immatics is involved in the development of cancer immunotherapies, CureVac develops therapies based on messenger RNA (mRNA); synimmune on recombinant antibodies.
Awards
Ernst Jung Prize for Medicine, 2016
German Cancer Aid Award, 2013
Hansen Family Award, 2013
Advanced Grant of the European Research Council, 2013
Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize, 1996
Robert Koch Prize, 1993
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize, 1992
Heinz Maier Leibnitz Prize, 1988
Publications
Schuster H, Peper JK, Bösmüller HC, Röhle K, Backert L, Bilich T, Ney B, Löffler MW, Kowalewski DJ, Trautwein N, Rabsteyn A, Engler T, Braun S, Haen SP, Walz JS, Schmid-Horch B, Brucker SY, Wallwiener D, Kohlbacher O, Fend F, Rammensee HG, Stevanović S, Staebler A, Wagner P. The immunopeptidomic landscape of ovarian carcinomas. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2017 Nov 14;114(46):E9942-E9951. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1707658114.
Kowalewski DJ, Schuster H, Backert L, Berlin C, Kahn S, Kanz L, Salih HR, Rammensee HG, Stevanovic S, Stickel JS. HLA ligandome analysis identifies the underlying specificities of spontaneous antileukemia immune responses in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2015 Jan 13;112(2):E166-75. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1416389112. Epub 2014 Dec 29. Erratum in: Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2015 Nov 10;112(45):E6258-60. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2015 Nov 10;112(45):E6254-6
Gubin MM, Zhang X, Schuster H, Caron E, Ward JP, Noguchi T, Ivanova Y, Hundal J, Arthur CD, Krebber WJ, Mulder GE, Toebes M, Vesely MD, Lam SS, Korman AJ, Allison JP, Freeman GJ, Sharpe AH, Pearce EL, Schumacher TN, Aebersold R, Rammensee HG, Melief CJ, Mardis ER, Gillanders WE, Artyomov MN, Schreiber RD. Checkpoint blockade cancer immunotherapy targets tumour-specific mutant antigens. Nature. 2014 Nov 27;515(7528):577-81. doi: 10.1038/nature13988
Britten CM, Singh-Jasuja H, Flamion B, Hoos A, Huber C, Kallen KJ, Khleif SN, Kreiter S, Nielsen M, Rammensee HG, Sahin U, Hinz T, Kalinke U. The regulatory landscape for actively personalized cancer immunotherapies. Nat Biotechnol. 2013 Oct;31(10):880-2. doi: 10.1038/nbt.2708
Weinschenk T, Gouttefangeas C, Schirle M, Obermayr F, Walter S, Schoor O, Kurek R, Loeser W, Bichler KH, Wernet D, Stevanović S, Rammensee HG. Integrated functional genomics approach for the design of patient-individual antitumor vaccines. Cancer Res. 2002 Oct 15;62(20):5818-27
Hoerr I, Obst R, Rammensee HG, Jung G. In vivo application of RNA leads to induction of specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes and antibodies. Eur J Immunol. 2000 Jan;30(1):1–7
Rammensee H, Bachmann J, Emmerich NP, Bachor OA, Stevanović S. SYFPEITHI: database for MHC ligands and peptide motifs. Immunogenetics. 1999 Nov;50(3-4):213-9. Review
Falk K, Rötzschke O, Stevanović S, Jung G, Rammensee HG. Allele-specific motifs revealed by sequencing of self-peptides eluted from MHC molecules. Nature. 1991 May 23;351(6324):290-6.
Rötzschke O, Falk K, Deres K, Schild H, Norda M, Metzger J, Jung G, Rammensee HG. Isolation and analysis of naturally processed viral peptides as recognized by cytotoxic T cells. Nature. 1990 Nov 15;348(6298):252-4
Deres K, Schild H, Wiesmüller KH, Jung G, Rammensee HG. In vivo priming of virus-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes with synthetic lipopeptide vaccine. Nature. 1989 Nov 30;342(6249):561-4
See also
Cancer immunotherapy
References
German immunologists
Living people
1953 births
University of Tübingen faculty
Kosmos 750 ( meaning Cosmos 750), also known as DS-P1-I No.15 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1975 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme.
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 09:10 UTC on 17 July 1975.
Kosmos 750 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 71 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 95.4 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 29 September 1977.
Kosmos 750 was the fifteenth of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the seventh.
See also
1975 in spaceflight
References
1975 in spaceflight
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1975
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
The striped woodcreeper (Xiphorhynchus obsoletus) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae). It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical swamps, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
striped woodcreeper
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
striped woodcreeper
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Alor Gajah is a federal constituency in Alor Gajah District and Jasin District, Malacca, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1974.
The federal constituency was created in the 1974 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Alor Gajah constituency has a total of 41 polling districts.
Representation history
Note: 1Noted that in 2004 redelineation exercise this Alor Gajah constituency is now shifted east to Alor Gajah city centre from former Selandar constituency, not Masjid Tanah which now renamed as Masjid Tanah.
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Malacca federal constituencies
Erek Lin (林暉閔, Lin Hui Min, born September 10, 1997) is a Taiwanese actor. Making their debut as a child actor in Starry Starry Night (2012), Lin has since gone on to star in various dramas and movies.
Life and career
1997-2011: Early life and Starry Starry Night (2012)
Lin was born in Taipei in 1997. They attended Taipei Jing-Xing Junior High School (景興國中) and New Taipei Municipal AnKang High School (新北市立安康高级中學).
Primarily an athlete, they were involved in Taekwondo throughout their early life. In the 6th grade, Lin was Taekwondo National Champion. Interested in track and basketball, their classmates initially thought that they would grow up to have a career in sports.
Coincidentally, after a street casting and after being picked among at least a thousand other individuals contesting the part, Lin was selected for the main role of Zhou Yu-Jie in Starry Starry Night (2012). Director Tom Lin Shu-yu had initially planned to create a "small art-house movie" based on the illustrated novel of the same name by illustrator and writer Jimmy Liao. Subsequently, however, after the Chinese film studio Huayi Brothers picked up the film, the film became a China-Taiwan co-production and the film's budget was increased to a total of US$7 million
Upon its release, Starry Starry Night was well-received and despite no formal experience in acting, Lin's performance in Starry Starry Night received high praise. Their performance earned them a Best New Actor award at the 14th Taipei Film Awards, a nomination for Best Newcomer at the 6th Asian Film Awards, and a nomination for Best New Performer at the 49th Golden Horse Film Awards
2012-2019: University
After Starry Starry Night, Lin only took on acting jobs in their free time and during the school holidays, making it clear that their priority would be on schooling. In this period, they took on small roles (a bit part in Mayday Nowhere 3D (2012), a dubbed role in drama 泡沫之夏 (2016)) and roles in minor productions (看不見的光影 (2012), 我的爸爸 (2012), 今天我代課 (2015)).
In 2016, Lin gained admission to Taipei National University of the Arts' (國立臺北藝術大學) Department of Film Making.
2020-present: Lead roles and Return to acting
Starting 2018, Lin began to take on more acting roles. PTS Movie The Defenders (2018) marked their return to acting.
In July 2019, Lin held a role as a main character in PTS Movie, Fragments of Summer (2019). In the movie, they play Duoduo, a child trafficking victim rendered mute by having their tongue cut out by traffickers. Later in August that year, Lin was announced as one of the main cast members in Season 1 of 76 Horror Bookstore (2020).
Lin also starred in the romantic film Your Name Engraved Herein (2020), the first LGBT film to exceed NT$100 million at the Taiwanese box office. There was also an Alternate Reality Game (ARG) spin-off based on Lin's character in the movie.
In December 2020, Lin starred alongside Chris Wang Yu-Sheng and Allison Lin in new HBO Asia drama, The Adventure of the Ring (2020). The drama is available for worldwide streaming on HBO Go.
Lin stars alongside veteran actors Chang Chen and Janine Chang in The Soul (2021). They will also be starring in the Eastern Broadcasting Company's Drama The Summer Temple Fair (2021), slated to be released in the summer of 2021.
Filmography
Movies
Television Movies
Mini Series
Television Series
Short Films/Independent Films
Awards and nominations
References
21st-century Taiwanese actors
1997 births
Living people
Shirenewton Hall, originally Shirenewton Court, is a country house and estate adjoining the village of Shirenewton, Monmouthshire, Wales, about west of Chepstow. The estate is located on a hillside, and commands views across the "Golden Valley" to the west and the Severn estuary in the south.
The main building was constructed around 1830, and partly rebuilt around 1900–1910, on the site of an earlier house which was the birthplace of William Blethyn, Bishop of Llandaff. The house is now a Grade II listed building, and the tea house in the adjoining Japanese garden is listed as Grade II*. The estate is not open to the public.
History
Prior to the construction of Shirenewton Court, an earlier building was occupied since the Middle Ages by the Blethyn (or Bleddyn) family. It was William Blethyn's birthplace, probably around 1520; they died in 1590.
Shirenewton Court was built around 1830 in an Italianate style on or near the site of the older building. It was built for William Hollis by an unknown architect. Hollis, a descendant of an industrialist family who developed paper mills at nearby Mounton, was the Sheriff of Monmouthshire in 1831.
About fifty years after Shirenewton Hall's construction, when it was no longer known as Shirenewton Court, the Blethyn family had "descended in the social scale", and sold the property to Edward Joseph Lowe. They were a botanist, horticulturalist, meteorologist and writer who was largely responsible for designing and planting the surrounding gardens. Lowe added two open pavilions, the larger being of sandstone with a glazed tile roof, while the smaller had a copper roof. They also added a summer house with a marble sundial. Lowe wrote many books on the cultivation of woodland ferns and some species of these grow around the churchyard walls at Shirenewton Church.
After Lowe's death in 1900, the estate was sold to Charles Oswald Liddell, a wealthy shipping merchant who traded with China and Japan and who became Sheriff of Monmouthshire in 1918. Liddell renovations including exchanging the Italianate facade with a Jacobean style in 1901. An east wing, added in 1909, was designed by Chepstow architect Norman Evill, a pupil of Edwin Lutyens; it included a billiard room, loggia, and belvedere tower. The north end of the house was also remodeled. Various stones were used during the renovation, including mauve Old Red Sandstone and yellow Bath stone.
In 1988, the BBC television film The Woman They Loved, about the abdication of King Edward VIII, starring Anthony Andrews and Olivia de Havilland and Jane Seymour, was partly shot at the estate. The property was purchased in 1997 when it was in need of refurbishment. It remains in private ownership, valued at £4,750,000 as of 2012. Generally closed to the public, the grounds have occasionally been used for fundraising events.
The hall has been placed on the market for sale on a number of occasions in the 21st century, mostly recently in May 2018.
Architecture
The west entrance front of the house, and the south front facing the gardens, are of two storeys, roughly symmetrical. They feature parapet gables and ball finials. In the southern elevation, there is an Italianate veranda and stone pillar archways. A walled, flagged terrace includes a pond and fountain.
The treatment of the Elizabethan style central hall and staircase have been described as a "great dramatic coup". Other features include the two-storeyed hall, an atrium, an upper balcony which holds an organ, a ballroom, and a second lower balcony which enjoys great views from a high window. The dining room, designed in 1910, is by Murray Adams-Acton. The hall has a master bedroom suite with two dressing rooms and a bathroom, plus eleven further bedrooms, extensive cellars and a heated indoor pool. The house is a Grade II listed building.
Grounds
The grounds include a Japanese garden, containing six ponds at different levels; a tea house, now a Grade II* listed building; two bridges, one painted red and the other of stone; and winding pathways. Many of the plants and trees were grown from seed brought back by Liddell from the Far East. The east lawn has an immense temple bell hanging under a pagoda style roof which was brought to the hall in 1903 after the Boxer Rebellion in China. The estate also contains stables of classical design, dating from the 1830s and now converted into residential accommodation. A roadside entrance lodge in Tudor style was designed by Evill.
References
Country houses in Monmouthshire
Grade II listed houses
Grade II listed buildings in Monmouthshire
Houses completed in 1831
Japanese gardens
1831 establishments in Wales
Montgomery County Infirmary () is a health facility in Llanfair Road, Newtown, Powys, Wales. It is managed by the Powys Teaching Health Board.
History
The facility was established in a private house in 1868 and, after a major fund-raining campaign for a new building, moved into expanded facilities in Llanfair Road in 1911. It joined the National Health Service in 1948 and subsequently evolved to become a community hospital.
References
Hospitals in Powys
Hospitals established in 1868
1868 establishments in Wales
Hospital buildings completed in 1868
NHS hospitals in Wales
Powys Teaching Health Board
The 2020 United States presidential election in Delaware was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Delaware voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump from Florida, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence from Indiana against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Delaware has three electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Delaware is the home state of Biden, who represented the state in the U.S. Senate for 36 years from 1973 to 2009. Biden defeated Trump in the state by a margin of 19%, a significant improvement over Hillary Clinton's 11% margin over Trump in 2016. Biden flipped the swing county of Kent, while Sussex County, which last voted Democratic on the Presidential level when Bill Clinton carried it in 1996, stayed Republican. Delaware's remaining county, New Castle—home to Biden's hometown of Wilmington and part of both the Northeast megalopolis and the Philadelphia metropolitan area, containing 55% of the state's population—stayed Democratic, having last voted Republican when George H. W. Bush carried it in 1988. Biden's margin in New Castle County would have been more than enough to carry the state; they carried their home county by over 106,000 votes, far exceeding their statewide margin of 96,000 votes.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Biden's strength in their home state came from African-Americans with 91%; and Caucasians with 50%, including those with a college degree with 54%. 59% of Delawarean voters had a favorable opinion of him. Biden won overwhelmingly in their hometown of Wilmington, earning 26,698 votes to Trump's 3,580.
With Biden's victory nationwide, they became the first person representing Delaware ever elected President of the United States.
Primary elections
The primary elections were originally scheduled for April 28, 2020. On March 24, they were moved to June 2 due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic. On May 7, the primary elections were again postponed to July 7. By that time, President Donald Trump of the Republican Party and former Vice President Joe Biden of the Democratic Party had already clinched enough delegates to become the presumptive nominees of their respective parties. This was Biden's third presidential attempt, as they had previously campaigned in the 1988 and 2008 Democratic presidential primaries but failed to secure the nomination both times.
Republican primary
Incumbent President Donald Trump was essentially uncontested in the Republican primary. The state has 16 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention.
However, Trump was not unopposed: Rocky De La Fuente took 12% of the vote, with Trump polling 88%.
Democratic primary
General election
Predictions
Polling
Aggregate polls
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Results
Results by county
Turnout
According to the Delaware's Elections website, voter turnout was 68.86% with 509,241 ballots cast out of 739,570 registered voters.
Notes
See also
United States presidential elections in Delaware
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Delaware
2020
Presidential
1963 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 57th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1963 in water polo
1963 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Etrumeus micropus is a species of round-herring that occurs in the western Pacific Ocean.
Taxonomy
Etrumeus micropus was treated as a junior synonym of E. teres by Whitehead (1985), who nonetheless suggested that E. teres might be divisible into species or subspecies. Randall (2007) recognized Etrumeus micropus as a valid species from Japan, Korea, and the Hawaiian Islands, while noting that DNA testing might render the Hawaiian population distinct from the East Asian populations. Subsequent DNA analysis by Randall and DiBattista (2012) showed that the Hawaiian population of Etrumeus micropus is distinct species, which the authors named Etrumeus makiawa.
References
Clupeiformes
Fish of Asia
Fish described in 1846
Sir Philip Nigel Ross Green (born 15 March 1952) is a British business person who was the chairperson of the retail company the Arcadia Group. They owned the high street clothing retailers Topshop, Topman and Miss Selfridge from 2002 to 2020. As of May 2021, their net worth was estimated at £910 million.
Green was the chairperson and chief executive of Amber Day from 1988 to 1992. In 1999, they acquired Sears plc. They bought British Home Stores (BHS) for £200 million in 2000, and subsequently spent £840 million to acquire the Arcadia Group in 2002. Arcadia became a private company and was delisted from the London Stock Exchange. They unsuccessfully sought to acquire Marks & Spencer in 1999 and 2004.
At its peak, Green's Arcadia Group owned the clothing retailers Topshop, Topman, Wallis, Evans, Burton, Miss Selfridge, Dorothy Perkins and Outfit. BHS was part of Arcadia from 2009 to 2015. Arcadia had more than 2,500 outlets in the UK, concessions in UK department stores such as Debenhams and Selfridges, and several hundred franchises in other countries. After high street sales fell in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Arcadia entered administration and ASOS acquired the Topshop, Topman and Miss Selfridge brands in 2021.
Green was made a Knight Bachelor in the 2006 Birthday Honours. They have been called the "King of the High Street" but has been involved in a number of controversies during their career, including their actions prior to the demise of BHS in 2016.
Early life
Green was born on 15 March 1952 in Croydon, England, into a middle-class Jewish family. They were the son of Simon Green, a successful property developer and electrical goods retailer, and Alma. They have a sister, Elizabeth, five years their senior. Their family moved to Hampstead Garden Suburb, a middle-class area of North London, and at the age of nine they were sent to the now-closed Jewish boarding school Carmel College in Oxfordshire.
When Green was twelve, their father died of a heart attack, and they inherited the family business. After leaving boarding school at 15 with no O-levels, Green worked for a shoe importer in East London before travelling to the US, Europe and the Far East. On their return, aged 21, they set up their first business, importing jeans from the Far East to sell on to London retailers. The business was assisted with a £20,000 loan (equivalent to £216,000 in 2014) backed by their family.
In 1979, Green bought up, at low prices, the entire stock of ten designer-label clothes retailers that had gone into receivership. They then had the newly bought clothes dry cleaned, put on hangers, and wrapped in polythene to make them look new, and bought a shop from which to sell them to the public.
Business career
Amber Day
In 1988, they became chairperson and Chief Executive of a quoted company called Amber Day, a discount retailer. The shares performed well, but then suffered a series of profit downgrades and in 1992 they resigned when the company failed to meet its profit forecast.
Arcadia Group
Next, Green assisted their wife Tina Green in the purchase of the Arcadia Group, which owns High Street chains such as Burton, Dorothy Perkins, Evans, Miss Selfridge, Outfit, Topshop/Topman and Wallis in 2002. The company was briefly owned by Green but sold to Tina Green within 24 hours, with Philip acting as CEO. On 30 November 2020, Arcadia Group went into administration after high street sales were adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Charitable works and other activities
In April 1980, Green registered a philanthropic initiative, the Kahn Charitable Trust, with a vision of "putting lost smiles back on the faces of less privileged persons across the globe."
Green is a supporter of the Fashion Retail Academy and the industry charity Retail Trust. Green was made a Knight Bachelor in the 2006 Queen's Birthday Honours "For services to the Retail Industry".
In May 2007, after the disappearance of Madeleine McCann in Portugal, Green donated £250,000 as a monetary reward for any useful public information. They also gave the McCanns the use of their private jet to allow them to fly to Rome for a Papal visit.
In 2010, Green donated $465,000 for new beds at the Royal Marsden Cancer Hospital, after their wife Tina's mother died there. They also spent more than $150,000 for an Alexander McQueen dress at Naomi Campbell's Fashion for Relief charity event. In the same year, Green donated £100,000 to the Evening Standard's Dispossessed Fund which aims to support London's poorest people.
They were reportedly the BBC's first choice to front the UK franchise of The Apprentice; however, at that time in 2004, they were too busy with Arcadia's attempted takeover of Marks & Spencer.
Political activity
Two weeks prior to the 2010 general election, Green came out in support of David Cameron, George Osborne and the Conservative Party, stating that Cameron and Osborne "understand what needs to be done. They get it."
In August 2010, Green was asked by Cameron, then recently elected as Prime Minister, to carry out a review of UK government spending and procurement. Green's summary report, Efficiency Review by Sir Philip Green, published in October 2010, alleged significant failings in government procurement processes. The government published the review identifying its main finding as "the Government is failing to leverage both its credit rating and its scale". Cameron welcomed the report, saying "I think it's a good report, it will save a lot of money and it's important we do it."
Personal life
Green is based during the week at a London hotel, spending the weekends with their wife and their children in an apartment in Monaco. For their 50th birthday, Green flew 200 guests in a chartered Airbus A300 to a hotel in Cyprus for a three-day toga party, where Tom Jones and Rod Stewart performed. For their 55th birthday, Green flew 100 guests 8,500 miles in two private jets to the Four Seasons at Landaagiraavaru, an eco-spa on a private island in the Maldives.
Green owns a £100 million, Benetti Lionheart yacht and a £20 million Gulfstream G550 private jet. For a birthday, their wife bought them a solid gold Monopoly set, featuring their own acquisitions.
Green is inspired by Sir Charles Clore, who built the Sears plc UK retail empire from scratch in the 1950s and 1960s.
Football
Green is a Tottenham Hotspur supporter. In 1987 they suggested to Irving Scholar, the Spurs chairperson, that Tony Berry be appointed to the board. In 1991, they helped Terry Venables raise the last £500,000 needed to purchase shares in the club. They were also involved in the transfers of Rio Ferdinand from Leeds United and Louis Saha from Fulham to Manchester United.
Green is involved with Everton Football Club due to their friendship with chairperson Bill Kenwright, but states that has no intention of formally investing in the club. They arranged for another friend, Planet Hollywood's owner Robert Earl, to purchase shares from former director Paul Gregg during a struggle for control of Everton in 2004. They offer business advice to the club alongside Tesco CEO Terry Leahy and helps negotiate player transfer fees with agents.
Controversies
Tax avoidance
Green became the target of activist group UK Uncut in November 2010 for alleged corporate tax avoidance. The group targeted Green specifically as a government advisor.
Taveta Investments, acquired by Arcadia in 2002, is registered in the name of Green's wife. As a Monaco resident, the company faces a significantly lower tax liability than if they were a UK resident. When Green paid their family £1.2 billion in 2005, it was paid for by a loan taken out by Arcadia, cutting Arcadia's corporation tax as interest charges on the loan were offset against profits.
Links to Richard Caring
In December 2014, Michelle Young accused Philip Green, Richard Caring and Simon Cowell of helping their ex-husband, business person Scot Young, to hide assets and so avoid paying maintenance to their ex-wife and their two daughters. In February 2015, a note from HSBC bankers in Caring's files mentioned that Philip Green's wife Tina Green had been holding part of Caring's assets in cash on their behalf, prompting suspicions that Caring might have funnelled profits through Tina Green to avoid paying taxes on their assets.
Worker rights
Arcadia has been criticised for the pay and conditions of both overseas and UK workers by anti-sweatshop groups such as Labour Behind the Label, No Sweat and the student activist network People & Planet. Green denied allegations in The Sunday Times made during 2007 that their firm used overseas sweatshops where workers in Mauritius were paid pitiful wages.
In 2010, Green was again accused of using sweatshops, this time by Channel 4's Dispatches programme. It was asserted that they were using factories in Britain in which workers were paid less than half the legal minimum wage.
Anti-Irish outburst
When The Guardian newspaper investigated a proposed takeover of Safeway in 2003, Green responded to queries about Arcadia's accounts by insulting and swearing at the journalists, asking them "Is this The Beano or The Guardian?".
Of The Guardians financial editor, Paul Murphy. Green said: "He can't read English. Mind you, they are a fucking Irishman." Green issued an apology to the Irish later, to prevent a customer boycott, according to The Guardian.
Demise of BHS
Green bought BHS for £200m in 2000, but the firm performed poorly so they sold it for just £1 in 2015. By April 2016 BHS had debts of £1.3bn, including a pensions deficit of £571m. Despite the deficit of £571m, Green and their family collected £586m in dividends, rental payments and interest on loans during their 15-year ownership of the retailer. Referring to the conduct of Green, Angela Eagle, the shadow business secretary, said: "In this situation it appears this owner extracted hundreds of millions of pounds from the business and walked away to their favourite tax haven, leaving the Pension Protection Scheme to pick up the bill." Simon Walker, the Director General of the Institute of Directors, described Green's "lamentable failure of behaviour" which was deeply damaging to the reputation of business. They then added that they had moral responsibilities to the pension fund and a proper investigation was needed but not one that took years. It took months for the negotiation to be settled down, it ended with Green agreeing to a voluntary settlement of £363m into the scheme.
Appearance before joint Select Committee meeting
Ahead of a joint Business and Work and Pensions Select Committee meeting, Green called the inquiry biased, and stated that they "therefore required [its chair, Frank Field] to resign". Field pointed out that the size of the pensions deficit is a fact, not a matter of opinion, and that Parliament and not Green decides who chairs Committees.
Knighthood
In 2016, the House of Commons approved a motion asking the Honours Forfeiture Committee to recommend Green's knighthood be "cancelled and annulled". One hundred MPs voted in favour of the motion, the first time MPs have proposed someone be stripped of a knighthood. The vote was not binding on the government. Following theirs paying £363m into the BHS pension scheme in 2017, and a decision in 2018 not to ban them from being a company director, it appeared that they would not be stripped of their knighthood.
Sexual harassment and bullying allegations
In October 2018, The Daily Telegraph reported that "a leading business person has been granted an injunction against" the newspaper to stop the "newspaper revealing alleged sexual harassment and racial abuse of staff". The following day, in the House of Lords, Labour peer Peter Hain exercised parliamentary privilege to name Green as the subject of the allegations. The Telegraph said that the allegations would "reignite the #MeToo movement against the mistreatment of women, minorities and others by powerful employers. Opposition MPs, including Labour MPs Frank Field and Jess Phillips, and Liberal Democrat leader Vince Cable, called for a revocation of Green's knighthood.
In May 2019, Green was charged with four counts of misdemeanor assault in the US after an Arizona Pilates teacher accused them of frequently touching them inappropriately.
COVID-19
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Green's Arcadia Group closed 550 stores in the UK, furloughing 14,500 of its workers in the process. Arcadia Group publicly requested taxpayer help to cover the pay of the furloughed workers.
References
External links
Forbes.com: World's Richest People 2004 entry
Forbes.com: World's Richest People 2006 entry
Interview with Green discussing their life.
Times Online interview with Philip Green, December, 2007 (video)
Growing Business meets Sir Philip Green
The Guardian's portal for article on Green
. Interview with Green.
Stewart Lansley and Andy Forrester, Top Man, How Philip Green Built Their High Street Empire, Aurum, 2006
The British (retail) invasion
1952 births
British expatriates in Monaco
English businesspeople in fashion
English businesspeople in retailing
English expatriates in Monaco
English Jews
Everton F.C. directors and chairpeople
Knights Bachelor
Living people
People from Croydon
British billionaires
Anthiinae is a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following genera: Others consider it a tribe (Anthiini) of Harpalinae.
Aenigma Koch, 1846
Ametroglossus Sloane, 1914
Anthia Weber, 1801
Atractonotus Perroud, 1846
Baeoglossa Chaudoir, 1850
Colfax Andrewes, 1920
Creagris Nietner, 1857
Cycloloba Chaudoir, 1850
Cypholoba Chaudoir, 1850
Dailodontus Reiche, 1843
Dicranoglossus Chaudoir, 1872
Eccoptoptera Chaudoir, 1878
Epimicodema Sloane, 1914
Erephognathus Alluaud, 1932
Gigadema J. Thomson, 1859
Gonogenia Chaudoir, 1844
Helluapterus Sloane, 1914
Helluarchus Sloane, 1914
Helluo Bonelli, 1813
Helluobrochus Reichardt, 1974
Helluodema Castelnau, 1867
Helluodes Westwood, 1846
Helluomorpha Castelnau, 1834
Helluomorphoides Ball, 1951
Helluonidius Chaudoir, 1872
Helluopapua Darlington, 1968
Helluosoma Castelnau, 1867
Holoponerus Fairmaire, 1883
Macrocheilus Hope, 1838
Meladroma Motschoulsky, 1855
Neohelluo Sloane, 1914
Netrodera Chaudoir, 1850
Omphra Dejean, 1825
Physocrotaphus Weber, 1801
Platyhelluo Baehr, 2005
Pleuracanthus Gray, 1832
Pogonoglossus Chaudoir, 1862
Schuelea Baehr, 2004
Triaenogenius Chaudoir, 1877
References
Carabidae subfamilies
George Blackburn Kinkead (September 25, 1811 – November 11, 1877), was an American lawyer, who served as Secretary of State of Kentucky (1846–47).
Kinkead was born September 25, 1811, in Cane Springs, Woodford County, Kentucky, the son of John and Margaret née Blackburn.
They studied law at Transylvania University, graduating in 1830. They established their own practice in 1833, in partnership with Garret Davis.
In 1838 they were appointed the Commonwealth's Attorney for Frankfort by Governor James Clark. In 1846 they were appointed as the Secretary of State by Governor William Owsley, replacing the incumbent, Benjamin Hardin. Hardin however contested their removal, refusing to resign until their position was vindicated.
Kinkead supported slavery and the colonization of former slaves to Africa but was opposed to secession.
On 21 December 1846 they married Eliza Anderson née Pearce (the daughter of James Pearce, who married the niece of General George Rogers Clark) at the St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Louisville, they had fourteen children, including Robert Standard (b.1847), John (b.1848), Ellen Talbot (b.1850), Anne Pearce (b.1852), James Pearce (b.1854), Henry Pindell (b.1855), Margaret Blackburn (b.1857), William Bury (b.1859), Mary Bullock (b.1860), Frank (b.1861), Churchill Blackburn (b.1863), Jacqueline (b.1865), Jimmie (b.1865) and Eliza Pearce (b.1868).
In March 1850 Kinkead replaced Ninian Edwards as attorney for Abraham Lincoln and their wife, Mary. They successfully represented Lincoln in 1855, in a legal dispute before the American Civil War, where Lincoln was alleged to have collected fees for another firm and never conveyed them.
Kinkead died on November 11, 1877, in Lexington, Kentucky. Their wife, Eliza, died in 1904.
See also
Kinkeadtown
References
External links
1811 births
1877 deaths
People from Woodford County, Kentucky
Secretaries of State of Kentucky
Transylvania University alumni
Kentucky Whigs
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American politicians
Kentucky lawyers
Wallyson Ricardo Maciel Monteiro (born 17 October 1988 in Macaíba), simply known as Wallyson, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for ABC.
Career
ABC
Wallyson began their career at ABC, and quickly became the idol of their home crowd when, being only 19 years old, scored four goals in the Campeonato Potiguar final of 2007, against the team's biggest rival in Brazilian football, América, winning by 5–2. ABC won its 49th state league championship in its history and the player themselves finished the tournament as top scorer that season.
Wallyson was also a major contributor to ABC's promotion to Serie B (Brazil's national second division) making the tie-breaking goal in the last match of ABC in the competition against Bragantino, which ensured the team promotion. They were considered one of the main highlights of the Serie C. Due to their success, they were linked to Atlético Paranaense.
Atlético Paranaense
In 2008, they were traded to Atletico Paranaense. In this year, Wallyson made their debut in Serie A, however, they suffered with several injuries and failed to have a major impact in their first season with their new club. But in 2009, they won the Campeonato Paranaense, being elected the breakthrough player of this competition.
Cruzeiro
On July 29, 2010 the player was presented to Cruzeiro. They were signed from a proxy club Deportivo Maldonado on loan until 2013. Cruzeiro would receive 30% transfer fee if Wallyson was successfully sold. The team debut took place on August 22, in a loss to Vitória in a game for the Serie A. On 15 September they scored their first goal for the team in a victory over the Guarani, for 4–2. They played mostly as a substitute in their first year at Cruzeiro. In 2011, Wallyson was promoted to the first team, and finished as Cruzeiro's top scorer at Copa Santander Libertadores, with 7 goals. They scored two goals in the two final matches of the Campeonato Mineiro against the biggest rivals Atlético Mineiro, which was their third State League title in career.
São Paulo
On January 11, 2013, São Paulo confirmed Wallyson had signed and was to join the squad. The player signed contract until December. In May 2013, however, after the elimination of Tricolor in State League and Libertadores Cup, the player was released, by president Juvenal Juvêncio and coach Ney Franco.
Botafogo
On January 22, 2014, Wallyson was signed by Botafogo. They remained at the club until the end of the season.
Coritiba
On March 6, 2015, Wallyson joined Coritiba.
CRB
On 1 February 2019, Wallyson signed for Clube de Regatas Brasil.
ABC
At the end of May 2019, they returned to ABC.
Honours
ABC
Campeonato Potiguar: 2007
Atlético Paranaense
Campeonato Paranaense: 2009
Cruzeiro
Campeonato Mineiro: 2011
Individual
Campeonato Potiguar Top Scorer: 2007
Campeonato Paranaense Breakthrough Player: 2009
Copa Santander Libertadores Top Scorer: 2011
References
External links
globoesporte
1988 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
ABC Futebol Clube players
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube players
São Paulo FC players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
Santa Cruz Futebol Clube players
Vila Nova Futebol Clube players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Clube de Regatas Brasil players
Association football forwards
The Second Orban cabinet was the government of Romania until the 2020 legislative elections. It was a minority administration led by Ludovic Orban, the leader of the National Liberal Party (PNL), who received the support of a parliamentary majority on 14 March 2020 and entered office the same day. It included a wide de facto confidence-and-supply with the other parties, in the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic.
On 14 March 2020, the cabinet hearings and vote took place in special conditions, due to the suspicion that Senator Vergil Chițac [ro], who tested positive for COVID-19, infected the National Liberal Party (PNL) leadership, as well as some fellow senators. The same day the Cabinet was sworn in at Cotroceni Palace in special conditions.
References
Government of Romania
2020 establishments in Romania
Cabinets established in 2020
Cabinets disestablished in 2020
2020 disestablishments in Romania
2020 in Romania
Shannon Curtis is an American dreampop singer, songwriter, pianist, and author.
Early life and first band
Curtis grew up in Stockton, California, and was raised Baptist. Curtis grew up listening to Contemporary Christian music, as well as singing along to their dad playing 40s-era standards on the family's baby grand piano.
Curtis learned to sing in church, and began playing the piano at age four. A piano teacher once told them they played the piano "like a boy". After college, Curtis formed the rock/pop group Paradigm, which became a popular act on the college touring circuit. The band separated in 2006.
Solo career
After dissolving Paradigm, Curtis turned their attention full-time to writing, and in 2007 released their debut solo EP, Boomerangs & Seesaws. Curtis began touring nationally in support of this EP, which was followed by a second EP, Paris Can't Have You, in March 2008. Both EPs were produced by Curtis's husband, producer/engineer Jamie Hill. Curtis's song "Before the Sun", from Boomerangs & Seesaws, was featured on MTV's hit show "The Hills".
In 2008, Grammy-winning producer Charlie Peacock (Civil Wars, Amy Grant, Sixpence None the Richer) heard Curtis's track "Boomerangs & Seesaws" on their MySpace page, and contacted Curtis and offered to work on their next recording at their studio in Nashville. To finance the project, Curtis released a limited-edition fan club single of their song "Get Outta Town", the sales of which paid for their travel and recording expenses.
Peacock produced Curtis's third EP Why Don't You Stay?, which was released in July 2009. Why Don't You Stay? was mixed by Joe Zook (OneRepublic, Modest Mouse, Katy Perry).
2010 and 2011 saw Curtis retrenching, writing, touring, and developing their sound. Writing on their website in 2011, they said, "I grew up in a pretty traditional musical environment, and when I started writing songs, I gravitated to the piano, because that's what I grew up playing. But my husband, Jamie, has a whole bunch of non-traditional instruments sitting around our house, and finally my curiosity got the better of me and I started playing around with them. We did 'Brightest Light' with that in mind, and wow! I feel like it's a huge step forward. It's like I have more colors to paint my little scenes with. It's really exciting."
Curtis released two 10-track maxi-singles in 2011, for the songs "Brightest Light in the Room" and "Let's Stay In", both of which showcased their evolving sound. Where before Curtis had used mostly natural acoustic-based instruments, these songs featured prominent drum machines and synthesizers. "Brightest Light in the Room" was written for two female US Army veterans on the occasion of their wedding engagement.
A third standalone single, "Anti-Gravity", was released in August 2012. The song was written by Curtis on the occasion of the death of their neighbor, opera composer Daniel Catán.
On June 18, 2013, Curtis released their debut full-length album of downtempo dreampop, Cinemascope, produced by their husband, Jamie Hill. Cinemascope was subsequently nominated in the 2014 Independent Music Awards in the category of Best Producer.
Curtis released their follow-up album Metaforma on June 17, 2014. Curtis also released a companion acoustic album on the same day, entitled Personal Songs Volume 1. Curtis initially sold this album only at shows, eventually releasing it worldwide on October 21, 2014.
Curtis was the winner of the 2007 Winery Music Awards.
Touring
Curtis has done 11 national and 5 regional tours since 2007. They often make reference to their 2002 Volkswagen Jetta, which they drive when on tour. The Jetta's wheel was used as the picture on the CD single of "Get Outta Town". Curtis announced on Twitter on September 28, 2014 that their Jetta had hit 333,333 miles.
House concert touring and book
Frustrated with what they characterized as difficulty making progress on the traditional club and coffeehouse touring circuit, Curtis started experimenting in 2011 with supplementing their regular touring schedule with house concerts. They found house concerts to be "the most rewarding, fulfilling, and successful kind of touring I've ever done", and soon abandoned traditional touring to focus exclusively on house concert touring. Curtis developed a highly profitable model for house concert touring, and in February 2014 published a how-to book detailing their method, titled "No Booker, No Bouncer, No Bartender: How I Made $25K On A 2-Month House Concert Tour (And How You Can Too)."
Personal life
Curtis lives in Tacoma, Washington.  They are married to producer/engineer Jamie Hill.
Discography
Boomerangs & Seesaws EP (2007)
Paris Can't Have You EP (2008)
Why Don't You Stay? EP (2009)
"I play the piano and sing love songs" (2010)
Brightest Light in the Room Maxi-Single (2011)
Let's Stay In Mega-Single (2012)
Cinemascope (2013)
Metaforma (2014)
Personal Songs Volume 1 (2014)
Connections (2015)
Creationism (2016)
Personal Songs Volume 2 (2016)
The Space Between (2017)
Both at the Same Time (2018)
Personal Songs Volume 3 (2018)
Revolutionary Acts of Optimism (2019)
And Them Whisper Becomes a Storm (2020)
2020101 (2021)
References
External links
Shannon Curtis Facebook page
Shannon Curtis Twitter page
https://web.archive.org/web/20090916055440/http://shannoncurtis.net/about/
http://www.sacwiki.org/Paradigm
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Shannon-Curtis/108699832481?v=info
http://lamusicblog.com/2009/08/28/shannon-curtis-the-hotel-cafe/
http://m.desmoinesregister.com/BETTER/news.jsp?key=495464
http://www.azstarnet.com/sn/accent/304676
Living people
21st-century American pianists
21st-century American women pianists
American women pop singers
American women singer-songwriters
American pop pianists
Musicians from Stockton, California
Musicians from Los Angeles
Writers from Stockton, California
Singer-songwriters from California
Year of birth missing (living people)
"The Rambling Gambler" is a traditional folk song of the American West. It was first recorded in print by John A. & Alan Lomax in their jointly authored 1938 edition of Cowboy Songs and Other Frontier Ballads. Like many folk songs, it is known by a variety of titles, such as "Rambler, Gambler," and "I'm a Rambler, I'm a Gambler"
The song begins with the lines "I'm a rambler, I'm a gambler, I'm a long way from home / And the people who don't like me, they can leave me alone." Its lyrics mention two towns in Texas, Belton and Saline, as well as the state of Wyoming.
History
John Lomax did not include the song in their original 1910 edition of Cowboy Songs and Other Frontier Ballads, but it appears in the 1938 edition, co-authored with their son Alan. The younger Lomax recorded that they learned the song from one Alec Moore, whom they described as a "retired cowpuncher … whose present occupation is riding herd on an ice-cream wagon on the streets of Austin, Texas."
Alan Lomax recorded their own rendition for their 1958 LP Texas Folksongs (Tradition Records, TLP1029).
In September 1960, 19-year-old Bob Dylan recorded the song — their second-earliest known solo recording session. The recording can be found (titled "Rambler, Gambler") on The Bootleg Series Vol. 7: No Direction Home: The Soundtrack.
Joan Baez performed the song live in the early 1960s; a 1963 recording is included in some editions of Joan Baez in Concert, Part 2; their 1989 album Speaking of Dreams included a medley of the song, paired with The Del-Vikings' "Whispering Bells", performed with Paul Simon.
Other notable performers to have recorded the song include Odetta (as "Rambler-Gambler"), Simon & Garfunkel (as "Rose of Aberdeen"), Flatt & Scruggs, Gordon Bok (as I'm a Rambler, I'm a Gambler"), Ian & Sylvia (as "Rambler Gambler"), and Sandy & Caroline Paton (as "I'm a Rambler and a Gambler"). The Clancy Brothers' song "The Moonshiner" incorporates significant elements of the song, including the chorus.
External links
A version sung by the Irish rovers
References
American folk songs
Bob Dylan songs
Linda Ronstadt songs
Year of song unknown
Morristown National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park, headquartered in Morristown, New Jersey, consisting of four sites important during the American Revolutionary War: Jockey Hollow, the Ford Mansion, Fort Nonsense and the New Jersey Brigade Encampment site.
The sites are located in Morristown and Harding Township, both in Morris County, and in Bernardsville in Somerset County.
With its establishment in March 1933, Morristown became the country's first National Historical Park.
Sites
Jockey Hollow, a few miles south of Morristown along Route 202 in Harding Twp., was the site of a Continental Army encampment. It was from here that the entire Pennsylvania contingent mutinied and later, 200 New Jersey soldiers attempted to emulate them.
Fort Nonsense occupied a high hilltop overlooking Morristown, and is believed to have been the site of a signal fire, along with earthworks.
The Ford Mansion, in Morristown proper, was the site of the "hard winter" (December 1779 – May 1780) quarters of George Washington and the Continental Army. That winter remains the coldest on record for New Jersey. Theodosia Ford, widow of Jacob Ford Jr., and their four children shared their household with Washington, their staff, including Alexander Hamilton, along with their servants and sometimes, their family members. Martha Washington traveled to Morristown to spend the winter with their husband.
Washington's Headquarters Museum, the adjacent museum is open to the public Wednesday thru Sunday from September–June and seven days a week from July- August from 9:30 AM to 5:00 PM. The museum has three exhibit rooms and a sales area. A video production "Morristown: Where America Survived" (New Jersey Network/2009) is shown. The Ford Mansion is shown only by guided tour which begin in the Museum.The Museum hosted one of the events of the CelebrateHAMILTON 2015 program: hosted by the Alexander Hamilton Awareness Society, a talk by Author and Historian Michael E. Newton - "Hamilton's Revolutionary War Services", who also presented their book "Alexander Hamilton: The Formative Years." at the same event.
The New Jersey Brigade Encampment Site is located south of Jockey Hollow, mostly in Bernardsville, Somerset County. It was used by about 1,300 soldiers during the winter of 1779–80.
Park history
In April 1932, the National Park Service (NPS) published a report recommending that the site of the Continental Army's winter encampments in 1776-77 and 1779-80 become a "Federal Historical Reserve"; the report included two sites: Jockey Hollow and the Ford Mansion.
In January 1933, a conference consisting of representatives of the NPS, the Secretary of the Interior, and civic and business leaders from the Morris County area, drafted a bill supporting the concept of a national historical park, with "the rank and dignity equal to the scenic program in the West."
The bill for creating the Morristown National Historical Park was submitted in mid-January (H.R. 14302; S. 5469), with the support of Secretary Ray Lyman Wilbur, who called it "the most important park project before this department at the present time."
In March 1933, in the last days of Herbert Hoover's presidency, the 72nd Congress established Morristown as the country's first National Historical Park.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morris County, New Jersey
References
External links
National Park Service: Morristown National Historical Park
NPS Museum Exhibit: Morristown
NJ Skylands: Morristown National Historical Park
StateParks: Morristown National Historical Park
NY-NJTC: Morristown National Historical Park Trail Details and Info
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey
Parks in New Jersey
American Revolutionary War sites
Morristown, New Jersey
Protected areas established in 1933
National Historical Parks in New Jersey
Parks in Morris County, New Jersey
Museums in Morristown, New Jersey
American Revolutionary War museums in New Jersey
Historic house museums in New Jersey
National Register of Historic Places in Morris County, New Jersey
National Register of Historic Places in Somerset County, New Jersey
Presidency of Herbert Hoover
New Jersey Register of Historic Places
American Revolution on the National Register of Historic Places
1933 establishments in New Jersey
National Historical Parks of the United States
Georgios Skoutarides () (1885 – 1962) was a Greek athlete. They competed at the 1906 Intercalated Games in Athens and at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. In 1906 they were eliminated in the first round of the 110 metre hurdles competition. Two years later Skoutarides ran in the first heat of the 100 metres, placing second to Edward Duffy and not advancing to the semifinals. They also participated in the 110 metre hurdles event where they were also eliminated in the first round.
References
Sources
Biography of Georgios Skoutarides
Greek male hurdlers
Greek male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Greece
Athletes (track and field) at the 1906 Intercalated Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
1885 births
1962 deaths
Saud Al-Muwaizri (born 2 November 1969) is a Kuwaiti boxer. They competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Kuwaiti male boxers
Olympic boxers of Kuwait
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
Stadion u Murinu, or Stadion Lugovi, is a football stadium in Murino, Plav Municipality, Montenegro. Situated in the valley of Lim river, it is used for football matches. It is the home ground of FK Polimlje.
History
FK Polimlje played their games during the decades at the bank of Lim river. But, during the first half of the nineties, a new pitch was built with fences, offices and dressing rooms. The stadium has no stands and doesn't meet criteria for any league competitions except the bottom rank.
Pitch and conditions
The pitch measures 110 x 70 meters. The stadium meet criteria only for Montenegrin Third League games, not for highest-rank competitions.
See also
FK Polimlje Murino
Murino
Plav, Montenegro
References
External links
Stadium information
Football venues in Montenegro
Football in Montenegro
The Queen Anne's Bounty Act 1707 (6 Ann c 54) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain. It was one of the Queen Anne's Bounty Acts 1706 to 1870.
This Act is chapter XXVII of 6 Anne in common printed editions.
Sections 2 and 3 and 4 were repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1887.
The whole Act was repealed by section 6 of, and Schedule 2 to, the First Fruits and Tenths Measure 1926 (No 5).
References
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1707
The Dwight Perkins House is a historic house located at 2319 Lincoln Street in Evanston, Illinois. The house was built in 1904 for architect Dwight H. Perkins and children's author and illustrator Lucy Fitch Perkins. Perkins designed their house in a style heavily influenced by the Prairie School and the Arts and Crafts Movement. The house was built from wood and stucco, materials characteristic of both styles which let the house blend into the surrounding nature. Its exterior decorative features include bracketed eaves, casement windows, trellises, and a half-timbered gable. Landscape architect Jens Jensen, a friend of the Perkinses, designed the house's surroundings, which include a reflecting pool. The inside of the house incorporates horizontal bands of windows which let in sunlight, unpainted wood features, and an open floor plan.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29, 1985.
References
Prairie School architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1904
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Cook County, Illinois
Buildings and structures in Evanston, Illinois
Houses in Cook County, Illinois
John Hooper (7 April 1916 – 12 December 2008) was a British orthodontist who was appointed as the first Dental Consultant in Orthodontics of the National Health Services of Britain to the Wessex Regional Health Board.
Life
They were born in 1916 and attended Ardingly College. They then attended the Royal Dental Hospital where they received their degree in dentistry. They then joined the staff of the hospital as an orthodontist until World War II when they became part of the Red Cross. During the war, Hooper was captured in Belgium during the retreat to Dunkirk in 1940. They spent five years as a prisoner of war at Stalag Luft III. They came back to the UK in 1945.
After their return they joined the Royal Victoria Hospital in Bournemouth in 1950. They eventually became an orthodontic consultant to the National Health Service. Their appointment to the National Health Services determined the future delivery of orthodontics in the country. They were also an advisor to the Dental Estimates Board. They died in 2009.
They were married to Sybil in 1945. They had one son, David, and one daughter, Sheila.
Awards & Positions
British Orthodontic Society - President (1967)
Consultant Orthodontics Group - Founding Member, President (1970)
References
1916 births
2008 deaths
People educated at Ardingly College
Orthodontists
20th-century dentists
Glenn Mitchell may refer to:
Glenn Mitchell (talk radio broadcaster) (1950–2005), American radio personality
Glenn Mitchell (sports broadcaster), Australian former sports commentator and writer
See also
Glen Mitchell (disambiguation)
The Thirrë-Kalimash Tunnel is a highway tunnel in Thirrë, Albania under the A1 Albania–Kosovo Highway. It is part of the South-East European Route 7. The tunnel is of great importance and together with the highway have reduced the travel duration between Tirana and Kosovo border from 8 hours to 3 hours, with an estimated speed of 80–110 km/h. It also boosted tourism in Albania and deepened the cultural and economic exchanges between Albania and Kosovo.
The structure is 5490 m long, making it the longest tunnel in Albania.
In 2018, toll booths are being installed on the eastern extremity of the tunnel near Kolsh, as part of making A1 the first toll highway in Albania.
References
Road tunnels in Albania
Tunnels in Albania
Helen von Kolnitz Hyer (December 30, 1896 – November 14, 1983) was an American poet. They were named by Governor John C. West as the second South Carolina Poet Laureate from 1974 to 1983.
Early years and education
Hyer was born in Charleston, South Carolina on December 30, 1896. Them parents were George and Sarah Conover (Holmes) von Kolnitz. They graduated from Ashley Hall in Charleston and then proceeded to study at Simmons College in Boston, Massachusetts, from 1917 to 1918, studying library science.
Career
Hyer's poetry career began early in life as they were recognized for their ability to memorize and recite poetry. One of their poems became the school song for Ashley Hall. Publication of their poetry began when they were just 17; first in Romance magazine, then in Adventure Magazine.
Leaving college during World War I, Hyer made their way back to Charleston, becoming a statistician and subsequently was named Curator of Public Instruction at the Charleston Museum.
They were a founding member of the Poetry Society of South Carolina in 1920.
Hyer wrote many works for children as well as adults. Them work often centered on the South, focusing on Confederate heroes, the history of South Carolina, as well as romance in the South. Them work appeared in journals such as Poet Lore, Argosy, and The Christian Science Monitor.
Hyer was named South Carolina's second poet laureate by Governor John West in April 1974. They served until their death in 1983.
Personal life and legacy
They married Edward Allen Hyer in 1921. They had four daughters and one son. The couple lived in Michigan for many years, returning to Charleston in 1941.
Hyer died in Beaufort, South Carolina, on November 14, 1983. They were buried a Magnolia Cemetery in Charleston.
Composer Louise Cooper Spindle (1885-1968) set at least one of Hyer's poems to music.
In 2003, composer Jim Clemens was commissioned to create a choral arrangement for the Georgetown Indigo Choral Society. They used lyrics from Hyer's poem "Santee Lullaby" in their first movement.
Awards
Poetry Society Prize for "Chat Île Plantation–Deserted" – Poetry Society of South Carolina, 1921.
South Carolina Poet Laureate, 1974–1983
Bibliography
Santee Songs (1923)
On Shiny Wings (1926)
Hurricane Harbor (1927)
The Magnificent Squeak (1929)
Wine Dark Sea (1930)
Stories By Seasons (1930)
The Wimp and the Woodle, and Other Stories (1935)
Danger Never Sleeps (1970)
What the Wind Forgets a Woman's Heart Remembers (1975)
References
Further reading
1896 births
1983 deaths
Poets Laureate of South Carolina
20th-century American poets
Writers from Charleston, South Carolina
Simmons University alumni
American women poets
20th-century American women writers
Poets from South Carolina
Sr. Francesco Ferramosca (born August 23, 1893) was a professional violinist from Viggiano, Basilicata, Italy, who, in early Johannesburg, South Africa, rose to fame in the 1910s as one of the most talented violinists in the country. They adjudicated many competitions for promising musical students. As an acclaimed soloist and orchestral leader they performed in various locations in Southern Africa between 1907-1932 to audiences in large halls, tearooms and bars, social events and Eisteddfods.
Early life
Francesco was the fifth child of Giuseppe Ferramosca (b. November 11, 1850) and Agnese Mariarosa Miraglia (b. January 19, 1858, m. June 8, 1879). Apart from two children that died young, they and their three remaining siblings were all talented musicians in Viggiano. They started learning the violin at age six and very soon showed promise. However after some years they contracted tuberculosis and their health deteriorated. It was then that their father decided to bring them to South Africa, known for its dry climate and TB facilities. The family had contacts with a number of Italian musicians in Johannesburg, so Giuseppe brought Francesco and their brother Nicola to Johannesburg around 1907 to seek treatment for him. Amongst their contacts were Sr. Galeffe, a cellist, and Sr. Lorenzo Danza, a pianist. Francesco was left in their charge, and their father and brother returned to Viggiano.
Career
Whilst receiving treatment, Francesco continued to study violin. In those days, Johannesburg resembled an overgrown mining camp with very few large buildings surrounded by ordinary houses. There was little work outside of the mines and almost nothing for a young musician. Francesco was reduced to playing in the streets for a few pennies, but that proved to be the start to their career. Around 1911, a renowned overseas music trio consisting of the three Cherniavsky brothers, Alex (violin), Leo (cello) and David (piano), were touring South Africa. They saw Francesco performing on Eloff Street, and were so impressed at their tone and virtuosity, they spent months giving them more training and polishing up their technique. This eventually led to Francesco joining a trio with Sr. Lorenzo Danza on piano and Reuben Goldberg on cello. The trio became very popular, and played in venues throughout The Reef, Pretoria, and in neighboring Lourenço Marques (now Maputo), Mozambique, as well as socialite weddings.
During their concerts, they met Doris Gwendoline Helliwell, an accomplished concert pianist, who thereafter accompanied them on various occasions. Francesco married Doris (m. January 11, 1916) and they had two boys, Joseph Frederick Lorenzo ("Genzie") Ferramosca (b. May 17, 1916, d. January 3, 2007), and Frank Eugene ("Chickles") Ferramosca (surname changed to Mitchell) (b. January 21, 1921, d. March 14, 2003).
The trio played regularly at Johannesburg's Balcony Tea Room (later to become The Corner Lounge ) on the first floor of the Cuthberts building . In the following years, the trio expanded to an orchestra of seven ("Orchestra Ferramosca"), with Francesco as leader, and were regular performers at The Corner Lounge. The orchestra also played frequently at The Lounge, Madeleine's and Gloria. By 1920 Francesco was recognized as the finest violinist in the country. In June 1924, they left with their family for a short tour of Italy, and a benefit concert for them was arranged by an "influential committee", with a "highly attractive musical programme".
In 1925 they and their orchestra were offered a regular position at the Waldorf Cafe , Cape Town and decided to relocate with their family to Mouille Point. While in Cape Town, they performed with the Cape Town Symphony Orchestra on a number of occasions. After three years, they returned to Johannesburg in early 1928, where they performed with the Johannesburg Symphony Orchestra and played evenings at the O.K. tearoom and finally at Rondi's. The orchestra was the first to broadcast from a tearoom, having a regular half-hour slot on the local SABC radio station .
Later life
The damp air and bad weather in Cape Town had a detrimental effect on Francesco's health and their TB resurfaced. After returning to Johannesburg, their health deteriorated significantly and after some months they were admitted into isolation at the Nelspoort Sanitarium in the Karoo desert, renowned for its treatment of TB. They made good progress and came back to Johannesburg in October 1928 to resume their career. However the odd hours and smoky atmosphere took its toll and they spent another three months at Nelspoort. They returned to Johannesburg, but soon after succumbed to a throat affliction, and passed away in May 1932 at the Hillbrow General Hospital.  They are buried at Westpark Cemetery, Johannesburg.
Repertoire
Sampling of programmed performances:
Concertos:
Max Bruch
Beethoven
Brahms
Mendelsohn
Mozart
Violin Solos:
Sarasate
Brahms Hungarian Dances
Kreisler (in particular Liebeslied, Liebesfreud, Schon Rosmarin)
References
1893 births
1932 deaths
Male violinists
Italian violinists
People from Viggiano
20th-century Italian male musicians
The Roman Catholic Church in Bolivia comprises four ecclesiastical provinces each headed by an archbishop. The provinces are in turn subdivided into 6 dioceses and 4 archdioceses each headed by a bishop or an archbishop. There are also 5 Apostolic Vicariates and one Military Ordinariate in Bolivia.
List of Dioceses
Ecclesiastical province of Cochabamba
Archdiocese of Cochabamba
Diocese of Oruro
Prelature of Aiquille
Ecclesiastical province of La Paz
Archdiocese of La Paz
Diocese of Coroico
Diocese of El Alto
Prelature of Corocoro
Ecclesiastical province of Santa Cruz de la Sierra
Archdiocese of Santa Cruz de la Sierra
Diocese of San Ignacio de Velasco
Ecclesiastical province of Sucre
Archdiocese of Sucre
Diocese of Potosí
Diocese of Tarija
Sui iuris Jurisdictions
Military Ordinariate of Bolivia
Apostolic Vicariate of Camiri
Apostolic Vicariate of El Beni
Apostolic Vicariate of Ñuflo de Chávez
Apostolic Vicariate of Pando
Apostolic Vicariate of Reyes
References
GCatholic.org.
Bolivia
Catholic dioceses
The incidence of life-threatening hypersensitivity reactions occurring during surgery and anesthesia is around one in 10,000 procedures. Serious allergic reactions to anesthetic medications are rare and a usually attributable to factors other than the anesthetic. Neuromuscular blocking agents, natural rubber latex, and antibiotics are the most common causes of serious allergic reactions during surgery. The mortality rate from these reactions ranges between 3-9%.
Successful immediate treatment requires prompt recognition by the attending anesthetist, or in the US, the attending anesthesiologist or nurse anesthetist. Anesthetists are trained to recognise if an allergic reaction is occurring. The identification of a complication is made by the recognition of issues such as low blood pressure, hives, wheezing, rash, swelling around the eyes or in the mouth and throat and other breathing difficulties. Adrenaline (epinephrine) remains the mainstay of treatment, with corticosteroids and antihistamines providing limited benefit in the acute situation.
Subsequent investigation aims to determine the responsible agent to allow its future avoidance. Skin testing is often useful to identify potentially cross-reactive compounds and appropriate therapeutic alternatives. This is done weeks after the initial reaction to allow the immune system to reset itself. However, skin testing can be misleading in giving false positive and false negative results.
Anaphylaxis during anesthesia
Although complications during anesthesia are rare, potentially life-threatening consequences may occur if an anaphylactic reaction develops. The severity of the reaction whilst under anesthesia is because the anesthetist is only made aware of the allergy when it is severe enough to compromise the cardiovascular system and the respiratory system. At this stage, there is little time to manage the situation and recognise the severity of the condition.
The immediate management of the issue consists of three processes:
The withdrawal of the substances
Interrupting the effects of the preformed substances released in response to toxin presentation
Prevention of further substance release
Since the full withdrawal of the offending substance is near impossible, the administration of adrenalin is the main treatment to counteract the effects. Once the patient is stable they will need close observation for 24 hours.
References
Anesthesia
Allergology
The Order of Parasat (, Parasat ordeni; the Order of Nobility) is an order awarded by the government of Kazakhstan. It was established in 1993.
The order is awarded to notable figures in the fields of science, culture, literature and art, as well as statesmen and public figures, defenders of human rights, and others who have contributed to the spiritual or intellectual potential of Kazakhstan.
Notable recipients
Viktor Chernomyrdin (1999), for their contribution to the development of oil and gas industry in Kazakhstan, Gazprom
Pyotr Klimuk (1995), former cosmonaut
Yuri Koptev, commander of Russian Space Forces
Ondasyn Orazalin (2014), Deputy Chief of Staff of Kazakhstan
Valeri Polyakov (1999), former cosmonaut
Emomali Rahmon (2018), President of Tajikistan
Roza Rymbayeva (2000), Soviet and Kazakh singer
Yesken Sergebayev (2008), sculptor
Umut Shayakhmetova (2011), financier
Umirzak Shukeyev (1998), Deputy Prime Minister in the Government of Kazakhstan
Kuman Tastanbekov (2016), Kazakh actor during the Soviet period
Kassym-Jomart Tokayev (1996) President of Kazakhstan
Alla Vazhenina, Russian weightlifter competing for Kazakhstan
See also
Orders, decorations, and medals of Kazakhstan
References
Orders, decorations, and medals of Kazakhstan
Awards established in 1993
1993 establishments in Kazakhstan
Kalateh-ye Reza Khan (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Reẕā Khān and Kalāteh-ye Rezā Khān; also known as Kalāteh and Kalāteh-ye Yūsef) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Illinois Star Centre, formerly Illinois Centre Mall, was an enclosed shopping mall in Marion, Illinois, United States. Opened in 1991, it used to feature more than 60 stores. Its anchor stores include Dillard's and Target, with Target being the busiest. Previously there was a Sears anchor store, however it was closed in April 2018. Many of the mall's tenant stores have closed, with not a single store remaining in the food court.
History
At the time that Illinois Centre Mall was being built, nearby Carbondale, Illinois already had a shopping mall, the University Mall. Because of its proximity, retail analysts predicted that competition between the two cities' retail sectors would "get pretty cut-throat". Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation developed the mall, whose initial anchor stores were Dillard's, Target, Phar-Mor and Sears, which relocated from University Mall. Illinois Centre Mall opened in 1990, resulting in the closure of the Sears at University Mall. University Mall sued Illinois Centre Mall's developers over the use of a state financing program to relocate the store, although the suit was later dismissed.
Sears and Phar-Mor opened for business in July 1991, followed by Dillard's and the mall itself in September, and Target in October. Phar-Mor closed in 1993. It later became a Blue Cross Blue Shield Association office and then a radio-controlled car racing center in 2004. DeBartolo sold the mall to local developers in 1996. Despite attracting other businesses to the area, the mall struggled with occupancy for most of its history, although new owners boosted it to 60% occupancy by 2000.
On September 20, 2006, Walmart Supercenter opened outside the mall east of Dillard's.
Sabre ISC acquired the mall in 2011 via purchase of delinquent tax certificates and renamed it Illinois Star Centre. In March 2015, the Southern Illinoisan reported that three of the mall's owners were imprisoned on various counts, and that leasing agents were unresponsive on inquiries about the mall, which has become increasingly vacant and lacking in maintenance. Also complicating the mall's future is the fact that the parking lot and anchor stores are owned by different companies than the mall itself. The taxes were then purchased from the county trustee by Roc Enterprises, LLC. On May 4, 2017 the mall's ownership team declared bankruptcy after previously offering the property at auction but failing to attract a buyer.
On January 4, 2018, it was announced that Sears would be closing as part of a plan to close 103 stores nationwide. The store closed in April 2018. On January 13, 2018 it was announced that Joe's Records would be closing its mall location by January 31, 2018 in order to move to a more visible location at 1301 Enterprise Way in Marion. The GameStop store was closed in April 2018.
On November 16, 2018, it was reported that the Illinois Centre Mall would cease operations in the next 30 days. However, anchor stores Target and Dillard's will remain open.
References
Shopping malls in Illinois
Shopping malls established in 1991
Marion, Illinois
Shopping malls disestablished in 2018
2018 disestablishments in Illinois
Abandoned shopping malls in the United States
The Battle of Kepaniwai ("Battle of the Dammed Waters of ʻĪao" or Kaʻuwaʻupali, "Battle of the Clawed Cliffs") was fought in 1790 between the islands of Hawaiʻi and Maui. The forces of Hawaiʻi were led by Kamehameha I, while the forces of Maui were led by Kalanikūpule. It is known as one of the most bitter battles fought in Hawaiian history.
While Maui's King Kahekili II was on Oʻahu, Kamehameha's war fleet landed in Kahului a few kilometers from the base of ʻĪao Valley. An army consisting of around twelve hundred skilled warriors led by Kamehameha and Kekuhaupiʻo, advanced on Kahekili's son Kalanikūpule and other Maui chiefs blocking the ʻĪao valley. The two armies were evenly matched and neither side broke after two days of fighting. On the third day, Kamehameha's army was helped by the use of two cannons (named "Lopaka" and "Kalola") operated by John Young and Isaac Davis, two of Kamehameha's royal advisors. Although none of Maui's major chiefs were killed, many people died resulting in the "damming of the waters" by the corpses floating in the river. It was said that the river "ran red with the blood of the dead." Chiefess Kalola and their granddaughter Keōpūolani were able to escape west through the valley to Olowalu and north to Lahaina.
After the battle, Kalola offered their 11-year-old granddaughter to Kamehameha as a future wife. Meanwhile, Keōua Kuahuʻula, the last independent chief on the Island of Hawaiʻi, who had been raiding Kamehameha's territory, quickly returned to the Big Island. This resulted in the 1790 battles of East Hawaiʻi and the 1791 battle of Kawaihae.
Kahekili II resumed their rule of Maui and also acquired cannons. In 1791, Kahekili tried to invade the island of Hawaiʻi, but was defeated in a naval battle called Kepuwahaʻulaʻula. Kamehameha had to wait for the civil war that broke out in 1793 after the death of Kahekili II, and the battle of Nu'uanu to finally win control of Maui.
References
Kepaniwai
History of Maui
Kepaniwai
Ancient Hawaii
1790 in Hawaii
Steven Leonard Hayes (born August 2, 1955) is a retired American basketball player and coach. They played for several years for a variety of teams in the National Basketball Association, as well as in the Continental Basketball Association and in Europe.  They are also known for their standout college career at Idaho State University, where they are recognized as one of the best players in the school's history.
College career
Born in American Falls, Idaho, Hayes attended Aberdeen High School in Aberdeen. A center, they enrolled at Idaho State University in nearby Pocatello. As a first-year student, Hayes averaged 9.8 points and 6.8 rebounds per game and was a valuable contributor to a Bengals team that went won a share of the Big Sky Conference title, and won a tiebreaker playoff game to earn a berth in the NCAA tournament. As a sophomore, they developed into one of the top players in the conference, averaging 20.4 points and 13.3 rebounds. Hayes led the Big Sky in scoring and rebounding and earned first team All-Conference honors.
In their junior season, Hayes again earned first team All-Conference accolades, averaging 19.7 points and 10.6 rebounds per game (leading the conference in both statistical categories). The Bengals again tied for the conference regular-season title, but did not play in the postseason.
Their final collegiate season in 1976–77 was a special one for Hayes and the Bengals. Hayes again averaged a double-double at 20.2 points and 11.1 rebounds per game. They were named first team All-Big Sky for the third consecutive year, becoming only the third player in league history to do so. Idaho State went in league play to win the regular season championship and captured their first Big Sky Tournament title at home to clinch a berth in the 32-team NCAA tournament. Once there, the Bengals made the most of their opportunity. After a win over Long Beach State in the first round of the West regional on their home court, ISU faced national power UCLA in the Sweet Sixteen in Provo, Utah. The Bruins were going for their eleventh consecutive Final Four appearance – an NCAA record. Hayes scored 27 points and recorded 12 rebounds as the Bengals upset UCLA as Hayes was named to the All-Regional team.
At the close of their career, Hayes finished second in school history in scoring (1,933 points) and first in rebounding (1,147) and blocked shots (207). They also hold the Big Sky Conference records for total rebounds in a career, career blocked shots per game (3.51) and blocked shots in a game (10 in 1976). They were inducted into the Idaho State athletic Hall of Fame in 1988.
Professional career
Hayes was drafted in the fourth round of the 1977 NBA Draft by the New York Knicks (76th pick overall), but did not make the final roster. Instead, they signed with Fernet Tonic Bologna in Italy, where they played for two seasons, averaging 19.3 points and 8.6 rebounds per game.
For the 1979–80 season, Hayes returned to the United States to play for the Anchorage Northern Knights of the Continental Basketball Association, where they teamed up with future NBA players Brad Davis and Ron Davis to win the 1980 CBA championship. Hayes averaged 19.7 points, 11.8 rebounds and 3.0 blocks per game in the playoffs (up from their regular season averages of 11.6, 7.8 and 1.5 respectively) and was named CBA Playoff MVP.
Hayes returned to Italy for the next season and averaged 18.1 points and 10.7 rebounds for Tai Ginseng Gorizia. For the 1981–82 season, Hayes finally made their NBA debut for the San Antonio Spurs on December 30, 1981. They split the season between the Spurs, Detroit Pistons and Anchorage Northern Knights. The next couple of seasons, Hayes played a reserve role for several NBA teams: the Cleveland Cavaliers, Seattle SuperSonics, the Philadelphia 76ers and the Utah Jazz. Their career NBA averages over five seasons were 2.5 points and 2.6 rebounds per game.
In the middle of their time with the NBA, Hayes had a standout season for the Tampa Bay Thrillers of the CBA in 1984–85. They averaged 20.5 points and 8.9 rebounds per game and was named CBA MVP for the season. They also played parts of two seasons with the Rapid City Thrillers and Cedar Rapids Silver Bullets after their last NBA game. Their career CBA averages were 14.7 points and 8.1 rebounds per game. Hayes also played briefly in France after the completion of their United States career.
Coaching career and life after basketball
Following the close of their playing career, Hayes became an assistant coach for the CBA's Cedar Rapids Silver Bullets in 1990, then was named head coach of the Rockford Lightning for the 1990–91 CBA season, leading the team to a 23–33 record. They then moved to the Tri-City Chinook to become the team's head coach and general manager. In two seasons with the Chinook, Hayes compiled a 42–46 record.
Hayes stepped away from professional basketball in 1994 to accept a fundraising role in the Idaho State athletic department. While there, they also served as the interim women's basketball coach for the 1995–96 season, going 8–18 in their one season.
Hayes left Idaho State for an IT consulting opportunity and has continued on in business roles.  They are a board member for the National Basketball Retired Players Association, serving as secretary of that organization.
References
External links
Italian League profile
1955 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
American women's basketball coaches
Anchorage Northern Knights players
Basketball coaches from Idaho
Basketball players from Idaho
Cedar Rapids Silver Bullets players
Centers (basketball)
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Continental Basketball Association coaches
Detroit Pistons players
Idaho State Bengals men's basketball players
Idaho State Bengals women's basketball coaches
New York Knicks draft picks
Paris Racing Basket players
People from American Falls, Idaho
Philadelphia 76ers players
Rapid City Thrillers players
San Antonio Spurs players
Seattle SuperSonics players
Tampa Bay Thrillers players
Utah Jazz players
The 1946–47 FAW Welsh Cup is the 60th season of the annual knockout tournament for competitive football teams in Wales.
Key
League name pointed after clubs name.
FL D2 - Football League Second Division
FL D3N - Football League Third Division North
LC - Lancashire Combination
SFL - Southern Football League
Fifth round
Six winners from the Fourth round and six new clubs.
Sixth round
Six winners from the Fifth round plus two new clubs - winner and runner-up of the previous Welsh Cup.
Semifinal
Chester and Newport County played at Wrexham, Wrexham and Merthyr Tydfil played at Cardiff.
Final
Final were held at Cardiff, replay were held at Wrexham.
External links
The FAW Welsh Cup
1946-47
Wales
Cup
The 2012–13 Scottish Junior Cup was the 127th season of the Scottish Junior Cup, the national knockout tournament for member clubs of the Scottish Junior Football Association. The competition was sponsored by Emirates and is known as The Emirates Junior Cup for sponsorship purposes. The winner of this competition was eligible to enter the following season's Scottish Cup at the first round stage.
A total of 163 clubs entered, one fewer than the previous season. Dropping out were Stonehouse Violet, who had folded and Dufftown, who are in abeyance. Scone Thistle returned to the tournament after taking one season out of the game.
The five Junior clubs qualified for this season's Scottish Cup, were not included in the draw for the first round. These were the three Superleague champions: Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic (East), Hermes (North) and Irvine Meadow (West); the Scottish Junior Cup winners Shotts Bon Accord, and Girvan who qualify automatically as a full member of the Scottish Football Association.
Calendar
The scheduled dates for each round of the 2012–13 tournament were as follows:
Drawn matches are replayed the following weekend. Replays ending in a draw proceed direct to penalty shootout. Semifinals are played home and away over two legs, subject to decision by the SJFA management committee.
First round
The first round draw took place at the Scottish Football Museum, Hampden Park, Glasgow on 22 August 2012.
1 Tie played at New Elgin F.C.2 Tie played at Ravenscraig Regional Sports Facility
Replays
Second round
The second round draw took place at the Shotts Bon Accord Social Club, Shotts on 30 September 2012.
3 Ties played at Nairn St. Ninian F.C.
Replays
Third round
The third round draw took place at the offices of the Sun newspaper, Glasgow, on 6 November 2012.
4 Ties played at Oakley United F.C.5 Tie played at Arthurlie F.C.6 Tie played at Kinnoull F.C.
Replays
7 Ties played at Ravenscraig Regional Sports Facility8 Tie played at Forfar Athletic F.C.
Fourth round
The fourth round draw took place at the offices of the Evening Times newspaper, Glasgow, on 27 November 2012.
Replays
Fifth round
The fifth round draw took place on the Clyde 1 football phone-in show, on 7 February 2013.
Quarter-finals
The draw for the quarter finals took place on the Central 103.1 FM football phone-in show, on 26 February 2013.
9 Ties played at Ballingry Rovers F.C.
Semifinals
The draw for the semifinals took place at Mar Hall, Erskine on 24 March 2013, at a training base of the Scotland national football team.
First leg
Second leg
Final
References
4
Scottish Junior Cup seasons
Enes Sağlık (born 8 July 1991) is a Belgian footballer of Turkish descent who plays for Turkish club Menemenspor as a midfielder.
Club career
On 1 September 2021, they signed with Menemenspor in Turkey for one year with an optional second.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Belgium stats at Belgian FA
Profile & stats - Lokeren
1991 births
People from Verviers
Belgian people of Turkish descent
Living people
Association football midfielders
Belgian footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
Belgium under-21 international footballers
K.A.S. Eupen players
K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
A.F.C. Tubize players
Royal Excel Mouscron players
Menemenspor footballers
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
TFF First League players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Footballers from Liège Province
Lachlan Patrick McCaffrey (born 17 March 1990 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian rugby union player for the Austin Gilgronis of Major League Rugby (MLR). Their regular playing position is Number Eight.
McCaffrey was part of the Extended Playing squad, having previously represented the Western Force in Super Rugby. They joined the Perth based side ahead of the 2012 Super Rugby season and is awaiting their first-team debut. They previously played of the Waratahs. McCaffrey went to Saint Ignatius' College, Riverview in Sydney, and also plays for Eastwood in the Sydney Shute Shield grade rugby competition.
McCaffrey was a member of the Australia under 20 team that competed in the 2010 IRB Junior World Championship.
They moved to English Premiership side London Welsh prior to the 2014–15 season. On 5 May 2015, Lachlan signed for Leicester Tigers for the upcoming 2015–16 season.
Since signing for the Tigers, McCaffrey has gone on to become an integral part of the Leicester pack.
In 2018, McCaffrey will once again join the Brumbies having agreed on a contract to return to the Canberra-based club.
Politics
They contested the Division of Bennelong at the 2013 Australian federal election for the Democratic Labour Party. They won 0.70% of the vote, incumbent conservative MP John Alexander easily retained the seat.
Reference List
External links
Leicester Tigers Profile
Western Force profile
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1990 births
Australian rugby union players
Rugby union players from Sydney
Rugby union flankers
New South Wales Waratahs players
Western Force players
ACT Brumbies players
London Welsh RFC players
Australian expatriate rugby union players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate rugby union players in England
Leicester Tigers players
Rugby union number eights
Kyuden Voltex players
Austin Gilgronis players
The Wayne Lifestar is a product line of buses that was manufactured and marketed by Wayne Corporation and its successor company Wayne Wheeled Vehicles from 1986 to 1995. Produced nearly exclusively in a school bus configuration, the Wayne Lifestar used a transit-style body configuration with a front-engine chassis. Marking the return to transit-style production (after an absence of over a decade), the Lifestar adopted the single-piece body stampings of the Wayne Lifeguard in its construction.
Wayne Corporation manufactured the Lifestar from 1986 to 1992 at its Richmond, Indiana facility. Following the closure and liquidation of Wayne Corporation, Wayne Wheeled Vehicles manufactured the product line from 1993 to 1995 in Marysville, Ohio.
Overview and development
In the late 1960s, Wayne Corporation produced a rear-engine transit-style school bus similar to other major school bus manufacturers. As Wayne did not have the manufacturing equipment or capacity to build the chassis in-house, it sourced its rear-engine chassis from Chevrolet. When General Motors discontinued its Chevrolet/GMC rear-engine bus chassis production in 1973, Wayne was forced to end production of its transit-style school bus in favor of the Lifeguard conventional introduced that year. Beyond 1973, all transit-style buses from Wayne became special-order vehicles for military and GSA (federal government) purchases with chassis outsourced from other manufacturers; the transit-style buses were too expensive to produce at a competitive price as a school bus.
As the 1970s became the 1980s, the school bus industry was in a period of relative turmoil: along with the struggling economy, fewer Americans were school-age than in years past. Innovation and low cost were key to attracting school bus orders. To do so, Wayne Corporation was necessitated to develop a transit-style school bus that could be sold at a lower purchase price; for larger fleets, their higher capacity theoretically allowed for fewer buses per students transported. Named Lifestar, the new vehicle would feature the continuous longitudinal interior and exterior panels of the Lifeguard for the sides and roof, both for safety and for parts commonality.
Prototype development
Identification of an appropriate chassis design from an outside supplier to meet engineering, volume, and cost considerations was essential to the project and the future of Lifestar. In the prototype stage, Wayne developed both front- and rear-engine versions of the Lifestar, as the majority of manufacturers (with the exception of Ward, Crown Coach, and Gillig) offered both configurations.
At the Welles plant in Canada, where many Wayne experimental projects had been done over the years, a rear-engine prototype was constructed, while a front-engine prototype was constructed in Richmond. The final decision was to produce the Lifestar only in the front-engine body style, primarily for cost considerations.
The front-engine bus program proved more successful than rear-engine development efforts, and saw production with several different chassis. The initial production run of Lifestars were of a front engine (FE) design; production began in 1986. A rear-engine model would have been more costly than a front-engine model, and likely would have achieved lower production volumes. Competitors in that market were the Thomas Saf-T-Liner ER and Blue Bird All American RE. Each bus was a premium product; although Thomas built its own chassis for the Saf-T-Liner ER at the time the Lifestar was introduced, production volume for the All American RE was low enough that Blue Bird outsourced its rear-engine chassis until 1988.
First generation (1986–1990)
When introduced for 1986, Wayne Corporation selected the all-new General Motors S7 front-engine bus chassis for the Lifestar body; supported by the GM medium-duty truck service network, the S7 chassis was identified as both a Chevrolet and a GMC (using the steering wheel badging of either brand). The standard powertrain for the S7 chassis was a Chevrolet 366 (6.0L) V8 gasoline V8 (according to 1987 GMC Chassis Brochure), offering an optional Detroit Diesel 8.2L diesel V8 in either naturally aspirated ("Fuel Pincher") or turbocharged configuration.
Along with a chassis sourced from a major manufacturer, the body of the Lifestar was developed to reduce production and maintenance costs, using flat windshield glass (to lower replacement costs) and a nearly flat front bodywork stamping.
From its 1986 launch, the S7 product line was plagued with supply problems. In addition to underpinning the Lifestar, the GM chassis was also adopted by similar product lines from competing bus manufacturers Carpenter and Ward/AmTran. In 1989, General Motors ended production of the S7 product line entirely.
As a temporary solution, Milton H. Smith, a truck and bus dealer and school bus contractor based in Plaistow, New Hampshire (who served as one of the larger Wayne bus dealers in the United States) began to import chassis from South Korea. Essentially gliders with an American-sourced powertrain (a Caterpillar 3208 diesel and an Allison MT643 automatic), the chassis were fitted to the Lifestar with redesigned engine covers to fit the larger Caterpillar engine. Branded as "Asia-Smith" chassis, the venture was ultimately not well-received in U.S. markets and many sat at the Wayne Indiana plant for an extended time awaiting body orders. Due to the supply issues of the GM S-7 affecting other manufacturers, some surplus Asia-Smith chassis were sold off to other manufacturers to be fitted with bus bodies; some were purchased by Ward/AmTran (for the Ward President) and from short-lived startup New Bus Company from Oklahoma (for the New Bus Chickasha FE).
Second generation (1991–1992)
For its 1991 production, Wayne Corporation updated the Lifestar out of necessity. Following the discontinuation of the Caterpillar 3208 engine for road use in the United States, the Asia-Smith chassis was left without an engine. In response, Wayne introduced a third chassis supplier for the Lifestar, shifting to the International 3900FC for 1991 production. Though shared with Ward/AmTran and Carpenter (and Canadian bus manufacturer EMC/Corbeil), the 3900FC provided the Lifestar with a reliable source of chassis production.
The shift to a Navistar-sourced chassis (powered by either a DTA360 or optional DT466 inline-6 turbodiesel) would result in several modifications to the body of the Lifestar. The most visible changes included a 4-piece wrap-around windshield (created by the relocation of the entry door), the introduction of quad headlights, and an all-new grille. The interior saw multiple changes, including the introduction of a Navistar-sourced steering column and instrument panel.
This generation of the Lifestar was only produced for two years, as Richmond Transportation Corporation, then the parent company of Wayne, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and Wayne Corporation was liquidated and sold.
Wayne vs. AmTran
Other body manufacturers also expressed interest in the 3900, and AmTran (still selling buses bearing the Ward brand name) developed a product based upon it, the Ward Senator (which later evolved as the AmTran Genesis); however, AmTran was also working on a rear-engined model using the 3900 components to be fully assembled at its Conway, Arkansas plant utilizing Navistar mechanical components; this saw production as the 1996 AmTran RE. The rear-engine concept promised substantially lower costs than chassis assembled at the Navistar plant at Springfield, Ohio, and in comparison, would put the Wayne Lifestar with the Springfield chassis at a significant price bidding disadvantage in the marketplace.
Third generation (1993–1995)
After Richmond Transportation Corporation's bankruptcy filing and liquidation in 1992, the assets of Wayne were acquired by Harsco Corporation. At the end of 1992, Wayne Wheeled Vehicles (WWV) began production of the Wayne Lifeguard and Lifestar out of Marysville, Ohio.
During the transition, Navistar was replaced as a chassis supplier by heavy-duty vehicle manufacturer Crane Carrier Corporation (CCC), replacing the engine with a Cummins 5.9L inline-6 turbodiesel. In contrast to the previous model revision, the CCC chassis used nearly an identical body as the 1991-1992 Lifestar with the 3900FC, distinguished primarily by the change of powertrain and the replacement of Navistar-sourced components.
Model discontinuation
For 1988 production, Blue Bird introduced the Blue Bird TC/2000. In line with the Lifestar, the TC/2000 was developed to lower production costs over the long-running All American, initially offered in a front-engine configuration and with minimal exterior chrome. While the Lifestar and TC/2000 shared a front-engine design layout, the two model lines differed as the latter was not negatively affected by chassis supply. At the time of its launch, Ward/AmTran had projected that the TC/2000 would secure a full 10% of the U.S. school bus market by 1990.
Wayne continued to struggle for market share in 1990. In mid-June 1990, the Welles plant in Canada was closed.
In early 1991, Navistar International announced that it had purchased a one third of AmTran, the manufacturer of Ward school bus bodies, and one of Wayne's long-time competitors. This was seen by many industry observers as an ominous sign for Wayne's future, as Navistar was its largest supplier of both conventional and Type D chassis. Wayne had no major alliance to guarantee a source of chassis, nor any in-house capacity to do so.
In August 1992, Richmond Transportation Corporation (RTC) was forced to declare bankruptcy. Assets were sold by a federal bankruptcy judge at auction that fall. Wayne, essentially in name only, lived on as Wayne Wheeled Vehicles until 1995 under different ownership.
See also
AmTran Genesis
Blue Bird TC/2000 FE
Carpenter Cavalier FE
Carpenter Counselor FE
Thomas Saf-T-Liner MVP EF
Thomas All-Star EF
Ward Senator
References
School buses
Wayne Corporation
The Ghana national rugby league team represents Ghana in the sport of rugby league.
History
Coming into existence in 2012, the Ghanaian Rugby League project was started up by the Rugby League European Federation (RLEF) and UK Sport International's programme after Rugby League 9s were introduced as a Category 3 Sport by the Commonwealth Sports Committee. Various visits from UK clubs and officials helped create various school and university competitions within Ghana.
Ghana had their first "official" fixture against international opposition in 2014. Their opponents were the Great Britain Pioneers Rugby League squad.
Current squad
Squad for the 2019 MEA Rugby League Championship;
Marcus Alexander Amate Neil
Albert Abeku Amonoo Nelson
Benjamin Anane
Collins Kweku Ofosu
Desmond Atsu Geotrah
Nigel Nii Ampim Sackey
On Yelib Oliver Puman
Reece Connor Rance
Samuel A. Aboagye Sarpong
Darryl Amoatey
Nasiru Abdul Latif
Eric Tettegah
Philip Asomani
John Bless Mensah
Enoch Abam Niikoi
Alibah Riddick Nana Abrokwa
Isaac Jordan Annan
Elikem Koesi Asafo
Richard Amevor
Chris Da Gama
Michael Quaye
William Pearce Biney
Levi Osei
Results
See also
Ghana Rugby League
Rugby leagues in Africa
References
External links
National rugby league teams
National sports teams of Ghana
Rugby leagues in Africa
Gilda Giuliani (born 19 June 1954) is an Italian singer, mainly successful in the 1970s.
Life and career
Born in Termoli, Campobasso, after some experiences as a chorist in 1972 Giuliani won "Due voci per Sanremo", a contest organized by TV Sorrisi e Canzoni which got them the chance to compete at the 23rd edition of the Sanremo Music Festival. Them song "Serena" was a hit and launched their career, with their vocal style being compared to Mireille Mathieu's and receiving large critical acclaim.
In December the same year, they also competed at the World Popular Song Festival in Tokyo, winning both the Grand Prix and the Most Outstanding Performance Award with the song "Parigi a Volte Cosa Fa". From the mid-1970s they slowed their activities, focusing their career on international appearances.
After a period of silence, in the 1990s Giuliani was a regular in the RAI musical programs hosted by Paolo Limiti.
Discography
Album
1973 - Gilda Giuliani
1974 - Oggi un anno
1974 - Si ricomincia
1974 - Chanson pour toi
1975 - Senza titolo
1976 - È questione di pelle
1976 - Tempo di felicità
1976 - Donna
1983 - Portami con te (Q-disc)
1996 - Serena
2000 - Canzoni d'amore
2005 - Dominò
2010 - Canto Mimì
References
External links
1954 births
People from the Province of Campobasso
Italian pop singers
Italian women singers
Living people
Cuello is a Maya archaeological site in northern Belize. The site is that of a farming village with a long occupational history. It was originally dated to 2000 BC, but these dates have now been corrected and updated to around 1200 BC. Its inhabitants lived in pole-and-thatch houses that were built on top of low plaster-coated platforms. The site contains residential groups clustered around central patios. It also features the remains of a steam bath dating to approximately 900 BC, making it the oldest steam bath found to date in the Maya lowlands. Human burials have been associated with the residential structures; the oldest have no surviving burial relics, but from 900 BC onwards, they were accompanied by offerings of ceramic vessels.
According to some sources, ceramics from the earliest phase of the settlement at Cuello already belonged to an established lowland Maya pottery tradition. Other scholars disagree, and consider that the earliest Cuello pottery was of the Swasey type, starting at 1200 BC, with a lack of clear parallels.
Although Cuello appears to have been a typical, relatively unimportant rural village in the Preclassic era, it participated in regional trade networks with obsidian being imported from the Maya highlands from 800 BC onwards, and a small amount of jade arriving in the community a few centuries later.
Location
Cuello is located two miles Yo Creek Road in the Orange Walk District. It sits on the private land of the Cuello Family but permissions are granted to visit the site.
Archaeology
Uncorrected radiocarbon dates from the lowest stratigraphic levels of the site returned dates as far back as 2600 BC, although these were viewed as controversial.
The site was investigated in the 1970s and 1980s by archaeologist Norman Hammond. Structure 326 was excavated in 1980 and measures . The walls of the building were made of thin poles tied together with vines. This was then coated in a smoothed layer of clay and finished with a white lime wash.
Archaeological investigation has revealed that the diet of the Preclassic occupants of Cuello consisted of less than 30% maize, compared with up to 75% for the modern Maya. White-tailed deer made up over half the meat in their diet, followed by freshwater turtles and domestic dogs, the last of which represents 7% of the animal remains found at the site.
Burials
Two Late Preclassic mass burial areas have been uncovered at Cuello, one of which contained 26 or more males who had been sacrificed. Healed fractures on the bones suggest that they may have been captured warriors. Further evidence of local warfare comes from evidence of burnt buildings at the site.
A number of elite burials have been excavated at Cuello. The earliest phases of the Middle Classic included both adults and children accompanied by offerings of jade and shell ornaments, indicating social differentiation. High-status burials tended to be associated with specific locations throughout the history of the site.
Burial 160 is an elite burial that has been dated to 500–400 BC. It consists of an individual interred in a cist, accompanied by two ceramic vessels and ornaments that included tubes fashioned from deer bones and engraved with a mat design that in later times became associated with royalty. There was also the upper portion of a human skull that had been fashioned into a plaque. Due to these distinguishing features of the burial, the excavators concluded that it was that of a Middle Classic ruler of the settlement. The site of this burial remained important in later times, with the residential patio being converted into a ceremonial platform upon which was built a small pyramid temple.
Ceramic chronology
The earliest pottery found in Belize is in the western part of the country, in places like Cahal Pech and Blackman Eddy. At the northern sites, the pottery is now believed to have come somewhat later. The earliest Cuello pottery found is of the Swasey type, starting at about 1200 BC. While the known Xe ceramics of the Pasion River drainage date from the similar time period, there are significant differences between these and the Swasey/Bladen ceramics.
See also
Colha, Belize
Notes
References
Further reading
Maya sites in Belize
Orange Walk District
Imperium Galactic War (abbreviated IGW) is a massively multiplayer online real-time strategy game by Vavel Games, originally developed and published by Kabam in 2013. The game runs on a freemium model, and is supported through the use of microtransactions.
The premise of the game is simple; players begin by picking which faction they would like to be a part of. There are three factions. The Tyrannar Empire, The Sovereignty, and The Intergalactic Alliance. Whichever decision the player makes, will ultimately effect the way the rest of their game-play looks, feels, and functions. Each player has their own starbase, and fleets they have to upgrade in order to defend themselves from other players, or even attack other players and non-player characters (NPCs). Players can earn experience points and level up by upgrading their fleets and starbase, completing game missions, and engaging in live combat with other players and NPCs.
Plot
Development
Original directors, developers, and producers included Mike Wallis, who has worked on titles such as Eve Online, and Chris Bernert, whose titles include games like The Lord of the Rings Online, and Dungeons & Dragons Online. Current directors, developers, and producers include John Balestrieri, who oversaw the original game's development, and is an adviser to international gaming and media companies around the world, and Mikołaj Marcisz. Marcisz is the co-founder of Vavel, and is the adviser to a number of gaming companies, they graduated from the Warsaw School of Film Video Game Development Course.
Shutdown and revival
The original iteration of the game shut down as of November 4, 2013, within the same year it started. This occurred due to layoffs at the game's original company, Kabam.
On March 31, 2017, Imperium Galactic War was acquired by Vavel Games from AfterShock (formerly Kabam). Vavel's CEO John Balestrieri had been the Tech Director on the project. The game is being developed in order to bring it back to the online, and eventually PC base.
References
2013 video games
Massively multiplayer online real-time strategy games
The Fantasy Sports & Gaming Association (FSGA), formerly the Fantasy Sports Trade Association, is a Middleton, Wisconsin-based trade group representing the fantasy sports and gaming industries. In 2019, the FSTA changed its name to the Fantasy Sports & Gaming Association with to coincide with changes in US law allowing states to enable sports betting.
Founded in 1998, the FSGA provides demographic data, annual conferences, and collective action, including lobbying, to support the growth of fantasy sports and sports betting leagues. Its members range from small startups to large media corporations. The FSGA currently holds two annual conferences, one in the summer and one in the winter.
History
In 1997, CDM Fantasy Sports, a St. Louis, Missouri-based fantasy sports company, invited competitors Sportsline, Prime Sports Interactive, Sports Buff Fantasy Sports, and The Sporting News to St. Louis to discuss pending legislation that could severely limit the growth of the fantasy sports industry. Over the next year, the companies communicated without an official organization and tracked the legislation. In 1998, during a fantasy sports conference in Las Vegas hosted by Fantasy Insights, a meeting was organized to again discuss pending legislation and several other topics related to the industry. The representatives from CDM, Fantasy Insights, EA Sports, The Sporting News, and USFANS decided that it was time to create an official organization to help promote fantasy sports, and the Fantasy Sports Trade Association was born.
Carl Foster was president from 1999 to 2002. Greg Ambrosius was president from 2003 to 2006. Jeff Thomas was the president from 2006 to 2008. Paul Charchian was president from 2009 to 2020. Stacie Stern became the new leader, with the position title changed to chairperson, in 2020 and currently heads the organization.
Demographic data
The FSGA has tracked the growth of fantasy sports from 500,000 players in 1988. FSGA demographic data shows that of the 59.3 million people who played fantasy sports in the US and Canada in 2017, 43.2 million were American adults. In 2019, 45.9 million American adults participated. The FSGA estimated that 19% of American adults played fantasy sports in 2019, compared to 13% in 2014. A 2019 FSGA survey found that 81% of fantasy sports players were male, 50% were between the ages of 18 and 34 (with an average age of 37.7), 67% were employed full-time, and 47% made more than $75,000 per year. A 2015 analysis found that 89.8% were white and 51.5% were unmarried.
According to the FSGA, the most popular fantasy sport in the US and Canada is gridiron football, which is played by approximately 78% of fantasy participants. The next most popular sports are baseball (39%), basketball (19%), ice hockey (18%), and association football (14%).
Legal issues
The FSGA has been at the forefront of the tension that has existed between fantasy sports companies and professional leagues and players associations over the rights to player profiles and statistics. The issue came to a head with the lawsuit of Major League Baseball Advanced Media (MLBAM), MLB's Internet wing, vs. St. Louis-based CBC Distribution and Marketing Inc., the parent company of CDM Sports. When CBC was denied a new licensing agreement with MLBAM (they had acquired the rights from the baseball players' association) for its fantasy baseball game, CBC filed suit.
The FSGA filed a friend of the court brief in support of CBC arguing that intellectual property laws and so-called "right of publicity" laws do not apply to the statistics used in fantasy sports. The FSGA also argued that if MLBAM won the lawsuit it would have a dramatic impact on the industry, which was largely ignored by the major sports leagues for years while a number of smaller entrepreneurs grew it into a multi-billion-dollar industry, and a ruling could allow the MLBAM to have a monopoly over the industry.
"This will be a defining moment in the fantasy sports industry," said Charlie Wiegert, executive vice president of CBC. "The other leagues are all watching this case. If MLB prevailed, it just would have been a matter of time before they followed up. Their player unions are just waiting for the opportunity."
CBC won the lawsuit as U.S. District Court Judge Mary Ann Medler ruled that statistics are part of the public domain and can be used at no cost by all fantasy companies. "The names and playing records of major-league baseball players as used in CBC's fantasy games are not copyrightable," Medler wrote. "Therefore, federal copyright law does not pre-empt the players' claimed right of publicity."
The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the decision in October 2007. "It would be strange law that a person would not have a First Amendment right to use information that is available to everyone," a three-judge panel said in its ruling.
Board of directors
The Fantasy Sports Trade Association is managed by an elected Board of Directors that hosts elections each year in February.
Hall of Fame
Beginning in 2000, the FSGA has honored past members and contributors to fantasy sports with induction into its Hall of Fame.
As of 2014, 17 people have been inducted into the FSGA Hall of Fame. They are:
References
External links
FSGA Web Site
Fantasy sports
Trade associations based in the United States
Organizations established in 1999
1999 establishments in Wisconsin
Petalonema is a genus of cyanobacteria. These species occur in freshwater habitats, on rocks, in soil, and as epiphytes.
Species include:
Petalonema alatum
Petalonema crassum
Petalonema crustaceum
Petalonema densum
Petalonema fluminalis
Petalonema incrustans
Petalonema involvens
Petalonema pulchrum
Petalonema velutinum
References
Nostocales
Cyanobacteria genera
The Out of the Ordinary Festival was an annual family- and eco-friendly music festival near Hailsham in the Sussex countryside. From 2007 to 2013 it celebrated the autumn equinox in England with a variety of live music, talks and workshops, performances, activities for children with green and ethical businesses, many powered by solar panels and wind generators. It started as a development of The Antiquarian Society in Brighton. The festival took place for three days in the autumn and had a capacity of 5,000 people. The festival was held at Knockhatch Park, a setting which comprises an ex-landfill site).
Festival details
The Out of the Ordinary business was started by Stuart Mason and their partner Emily in 2007 on the Sussex Downs near the vale of the Long Man of Wilmington.
Workshops and talks included such topics as prehistoric culture, ancient knowledge and earth mysteries. This included yoga, meditation, alternative healing and the chance to use a variety of telescopes, a planetarium and laser guided tours of the constellations. Notable speakers include Professor Gordon Hillman, Jonathan Cainer, Andy Thomas, Edmund Marriage, Leo Rutherford and Robert Bauval.
The festival was divided into seven areas named after each of the seven chakras. The music area was appropriately named the throat chakra with two stages, the Ootopia and Peace Stage, as well as an indoor bar and the Conscious Cabaret. In 2011, the site had a new, simplified layout comprising the four elements, though still paying tribute to the seven chakras that defined its inner workings. The festival has an eclectic mix of music ranging from folk to reggae and electronic and DJs. Sussex Downs College co-sponsored a solar-powered music stage at the festival in 2010.
Music
Out of the Ordinary Festival has featured many acts that are well known in the alternative scene. Notable performers include:
2007 (21–23 September): Small White Light, Maya, The Drookit Dogs.
2008 (12–14 September): Banco de Gaia, Katharine Blake, The Burlettes
2009 (18–20 September): Zub Zub (Zia Geelani, formerly of the Ozric Tentacles), Eat Static, Celt Islam, The Dolmen, Banco de Gaia, DJ Paygan, Turiya.
2010 (17–19 September): Dr. Alex Patterson from The Orb, Andy Barlow from Lamb, Seize The Day, Nucleus Roots, King Porta Stomp.
2011 (23–25 September): System 7, Fujiya & Miyagi, Zub Zub (Zia Geelani, formerly of the Ozric Tentacles), Orchid Star.
See also
List of electronic music festivals
References
External links
Out of the Ordinary Festival official site
Out of the Ordinary press dispensary
The Antiquarian Society - Archaeoastronomy and Geomancy
Folk festivals in the United Kingdom
Jazz festivals in the United Kingdom
World music festivals
Music festivals in East Sussex
Archaeoastronomy
Earth mysteries
Electronic music festivals in the United Kingdom
Music festivals established in 2007
1962–63 Kuwaiti Premier League was the 2nd season of the First League Division.
Overview
In the second season, the number of teams was reduced to six after the Thanwit Kifan () moved away, and the league was played on a home-and-away system as well. Al Arabi managed to win the second title in a row after scoring eighteen points, three points ahead of its rivals Al-Qadsia, scoring 45 goals and conceding only 6 goals.
League table
References
RSSSF
Kuwait Premier League seasons
Kuwait
football
Ajit Kadkade is a devotional singer in Goa and Maharashtra, India. They were born in Bicholim city of Goa on January 11. They learnt Hindustani classical music from the famous singer Pt. Jitendra Abhisheki. Kadkade specializes in singing Marathi devotional songs (bhajans), abhangs, natya sangeet and Hindustani classical music.
Famous bhajans sung by them include "Zoli bhar kar Lana", Nighalo gheun datta chi palkhi"Vrundavani Venu", "Devacha Dev bai thakada", "Bramha Shodhile Bramhand Milale", "Pag ghungaru bandh Mira nachi thi", "Khai ba sakhar loni mazya bala", "Devachiye Dwari Ubha Kshana bhari", "Naam Tujhe Barve Ga Shankar", "Nirmala Ma Bhagawati", "Marma bandhatali Thev hi" and "Swaliya Giri Dhari lala Khabar lena meri". Their other famous abhang includes Nache Ganeshu which is one of their topmost selling Marathi bhajan album.
References
Hindustani singers
Marathi-language singers
21st-century Indian male classical singers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Sir Emery Walker FSA (2 April 1851 – 22 July 1933) was an English engraver, photographer and printer. Walker took an active role in many organisations that were at the heart of the Arts and Crafts movement, including the Art Workers Guild, the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings, and the Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society.
Life
Walker was born in London. Their father was a coach builder. They obtained a very old book when they were twelve that gave them a love of books. A year later their father's failing sight meant that they had to leave school.
In the late 1870s, Walker befriended William Morris, with whom they shared both socialist beliefs and a keen interest in printing. They lived near each other. Walker's expertise and their collection of 16th-century typefaces inspired Morris to create the Kelmscott Press.
After Morris's death, Walker set up their own printing enterprise, the Doves Press, with bookbinder T. J. Cobden Sanderson which in turn inspired the private presses of the 20th century. The capital for the enterprise which was £1,600 was supplied by Anne Cobden-Sanderson. The font that they created was intended to be shared. By 1906 the partners had fallen out over Walker's low interest and T. J. Cobden-Sanderson's obsessive interest. Despite the agreement, Cobden-Sanderson did not deliver a copy of the font and instead arranged for every copy of the design to be dropped into the Thames.
In 1910, Walker photographed the Rice portrait of Jane Austen, subsequently published in the 1913 edition of Jane Austen: their life and letters, a family record by William Austen-Leigh and Richard Arthur Austen-Leigh.
In 1922 Anne Cobden-Sanderson's husband died. After their death, they paid a large sum to settle the dispute with Walker. This money was to compensate them for the loss of the Doves typeface that their husband had thrown into the Thames when their partnership with Walker ended.
"Emery Walker, Esq. Process engraver and Printer. Past Master of the Art Workers' Guild. Late President of the Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society. A Trustee of the Wallace Collection and a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries" received a knighthood in 1930.
Walker's daughter, Dorothy Walker, and later Dorothy's live-in companion, Elizabeth de Haas, preserved many of Walker's private papers and the family collection of Arts and Crafts decorative items and ephemera at the family home at 7 Hammersmith Terrace, London. The house is now a museum run by the Emery Walker Trust, a registered charity. Emery Walker's library of private press books was sold to Cheltenham Art Gallery and Museum to endow the trust.
References
External links
Emery Walker Trust
1851 births
1933 deaths
Arts and Crafts movement artists
English printers
English socialists
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Private press movement people
Masters of the Art Worker's Guild
Guild of St George
Stevens won the Danny Fullbrook Young Sports Writer of the Year award in 2013.
They have since written articles for the Daily Mirror, Daily Mail, The Daily Telegraph and London Evening Standard.
References
External links
Samuel Stevens - Journalisted
"Samuel_Stevens")&displaySearchString=Samuel_Stevens Samuel Stevens - The Independent
1993 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Hull
English male journalists
English sportswriters
English male non-fiction writers
Dzūkija or Dainava is one of five ethnographic regions of Lithuania. Dzūkija is a cultural region defined by traditional lifestyles and dialects of the local Lithuanian population (mostly rural farmers) and has never been defined as a political or administrative unit. Traditionally, Alytus is regarded as the capital of the region, although it is not the largest city in Dzūkija, this title corresponding to the Lithuanian capital, Vilnius.
Geography
Dzūkija is situated in southeastern Lithuania, and consists of Alytus County and southern Vilnius County. Historically, it extended into what is now northeastern Poland (Podlaskie Voivodeship) and northwestern Belarus (Grodno Region).
Large parts of Dzūkija have light sandy soil, unsuited for agriculture. Therefore, the region is densely covered with pine forests, one of which is Dainava Forest, the largest in Lithuania. The Čepkeliai Marsh, the largest swamp in Lithuania, is situated in the region, near the border with Belarus. Dzūkija is also the most sparsely populated region in Lithuania, with average population density dropping below 15 people per square kilometer in Varėna district municipality. Due to lower harvests in infertile soil, the region was relatively poorer than the rest of Lithuania. Farmers had to supplement their yields with edible mushrooms and berries collected in the forests. Mushroom hunting remains an important part of the local economy.
Two of the five national parks in Lithuania are to be found in Dzūkija: Dzūkija National Park east of Varėna (established there in 1991), and Trakai National Historic Park near Trakai (1992).
Language
People in Dzūkija traditionally speak the Dzūkian dialect (also known as South Aukštaitian), which is a sub-dialect of the Aukštaitian dialect. As elsewhere in Lithuania, local dialects such as these are dying out as people adopt the standard Lithuanian through schools and mass media.
The very first Lithuanian handwritten texts from the early 16th century show traits of the Dzūkian dialect.
The north-eastern half speaks Polish and spoke Belarusian for several centuries.
Coat of arms
The coat of arms of Dzūkija pictures a white armored warrior with a pollaxe in a blue shield. The blue color symbolizes loyalty and strength. The grand coat of arms is supported by two lynxes and has a Latin motto Ex gente bellicosissima populus laboriosus (Out of most warring tribe – industrious people). These symbols were created by heraldic artist Arvydas Každailis in 2003 using the historical symbols of Trakai. Dzūkija was part of the Duchy of Trakai and later Trakai Voivodeship from the 14th to late 18th century. The same image was used for the coat of arms of Alytus County, officially adopted in 2004. The coat of arms is a modified version of the coat of arms of Trakai district, which depicts a knight with a spear in a red shield. This symbol was taken from a seal used by Duke of Trakai Kęstutis (died in 1382). The motto honors the memory of the Yotvingians, one of the ancient Baltic tribes which were considered fine warriors that lived in what is now Dzūkija.
References
Lithuanian ethnographic regions
The 1976 Bulgarian Cup Final was the 36th final of the Bulgarian Cup (in this period the tournament was named Cup of the Soviet Army), and was contested between Levski Sofia and CSKA Sofia on 2 June 1976 at Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia. Levski won the final 4–3 after extra time.
Match
Details
See also
1975–76 A Group
References
Bulgarian Cup finals
PFC CSKA Sofia matches
PFC Levski Sofia matches
Uniform convergence in probability is a form of convergence in probability in statistical asymptotic theory and probability theory. It means that, under certain conditions, the empirical frequencies of all events in a certain event-family converge to their theoretical probabilities. Uniform convergence in probability has applications to statistics as well as machine learning as part of statistical learning theory.
The law of large numbers says that, for each single event , its empirical frequency in a sequence of independent trials converges (with high probability) to its theoretical probability. In many applications however, the need arises to judge simultaneously the probabilities of events of an entire class from one and the same sample. Moreover it, is required that the relative frequency of the events converge to the probability uniformly over the entire class of events The Uniform Convergence Theorem gives a sufficient condition for this convergence to hold. Roughly, if the event-family is sufficiently simple (its VC dimension is sufficiently small) then uniform convergence holds.
Definitions
For a class of predicates defined on a set and a set of samples , where , the empirical frequency of on is
The theoretical probability of is defined as
The Uniform Convergence Theorem states, roughly, that if is "simple" and we draw samples independently (with replacement) from according to any distribution , then with high probability, the empirical frequency will be close to its expected value, which is the theoretical probability.
Here "simple" means that the Vapnik–Chervonenkis dimension of the class is small relative to the size of the sample. In other words, a sufficiently simple collection of functions behaves roughly the same on a small random sample as it does on the distribution as a whole.
The Uniform Convergence Theorem was first proved by Vapnik and Chervonenkis using the concept of growth function.
Uniform convergence theorem
The statement of the uniform convergence theorem is as follows:
If is a set of -valued functions defined on a set and is a probability distribution on then for and a positive integer, we have:
where, for any ,
and . indicates that the probability is taken over consisting of i.i.d. draws from the distribution .
is defined as: For any -valued functions over and ,
And for any natural number , the shattering number is defined as:
From the point of Learning Theory one can consider to be the Concept/Hypothesis class defined over the instance set . Before getting into the details of the proof of the theorem we will state Sauer's Lemma which we will need in our proof.
Sauer–Shelah lemma
The Sauer–Shelah lemma relates the shattering number to the VC Dimension.
Lemma: , where is the VC Dimension of the concept class .
Corollary: .
Proof of uniform convergence theorem
and are the sources of the proof below. Before we get into the details of the proof of the Uniform Convergence Theorem we will present a high level overview of the proof.
Symmetrization: We transform the problem of analyzing into the problem of analyzing , where and are i.i.d samples of size drawn according to the distribution . One can view as the original randomly drawn sample of length , while may be thought as the testing sample which is used to estimate .
Permutation: Since and are picked identically and independently, so swapping elements between them will not change the probability distribution on and . So, we will try to bound the probability of for some by considering the effect of a specific collection of permutations of the joint sample . Specifically, we consider permutations which swap and in some subset of . The symbol means the concatenation of and .
Reduction to a finite class: We can now restrict the function class to a fixed joint sample and hence, if it has finite VC Dimension, it reduces to the problem to one involving a finite function class.
We present the technical details of the proof.
Symmetrization
Lemma: Let and
Then for , .
Proof:
By the triangle inequality,
if and then .
Therefore,
since and are independent.
Now for fix an such that . For this , we shall show that
Thus for any , and hence . And hence we perform the first step of our high level idea.
Notice, is a binomial random variable with expectation and variance . By Chebyshev's inequality we get
for the mentioned bound on . Here we use the fact that for .
Permutations
Let be the set of all permutations of that swaps and in some subset of .
Lemma: Let be any subset of and any probability distribution on . Then,
where the expectation is over chosen according to , and the probability is over chosen uniformly from .
Proof:
For any
(since coordinate permutations preserve the product distribution .)
The maximum is guaranteed to exist since there is only a finite set of values that probability under a random permutation can take.
Reduction to a finite class
Lemma: Basing on the previous lemma,
.
Proof:
Let us define and which is at most . This means there are functions such that for any between and with for
We see that iff for some in satisfies,
.
Hence if we define if and otherwise.
For and , we have that iff for some in satisfies . By union bound we get
Since, the distribution over the permutations is uniform for each , so equals , with equal probability.
Thus,
where the probability on the right is over and both the possibilities are equally likely. By Hoeffding's inequality, this is at most .
Finally, combining all the three parts of the proof we get the Uniform Convergence Theorem.
References
Combinatorics
Machine learning
Articles containing proofs
Probability theorems
Paul McGee (born 17 May 1968) is an Irish former professional football midfielder.
McGee scored twice as Emfa clinched the 1987 League of Ireland First Division Shield by virtue of a 4–2 win over Finn Harps at Oriel Park. It was the club's first season in senior football.
They were the PFAI Young Player of the Year for the 1987–88 season. Early in 1989, they moved to England when Jock Wallace signed them for Colchester United in the Fourth Division, but after just three games for the Essex side they made the big step up to the First Division when Bobby Gould signed them for FA Cup holders Wimbledon.
McGee scored the equaliser at Highbury on their debut for Wimbledon on their 21st birthday in May 1989, but had played only 60 league games for the Dons by the time they left them in 1995 to sign for Linfield in Northern Ireland. Their best season at Wimbledon was the 1990–91 season, when they were Wimbledon's second highest scorer in the league with six goals. Three years later, however, they were rarely selected for the first team.
In more recent years, McGee has played for the Republic of Ireland PFAI Over 40s team, and scored a goal in the International Social Soccer Veteran's Tournament in Dublin in May 2014, at the age of 46.
Honours
Club
Kilkenny City
League of Ireland First Division Shield: 1987
Individual
PFAI Young Player of the Year: 1989
References
Since 1888... The Searchable Premiership and Football League Player Database (subscription required)
Paul McGee, Post War English & Scottish Football League A - Z Player's Transfer Database
1968 births
Living people
Republic of Ireland association footballers
League of Ireland players
Association football midfielders
Premier League players
NIFL Premiership players
Kilkenny City A.F.C. players
Bohemian F.C. players
Colchester United F.C. players
Wimbledon F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
English Football League players
Linfield F.C. players
St Patrick's Athletic F.C. players
Athlone Town A.F.C. players
Republic of Ireland under-21 international footballers
Republic of Ireland under-23 international footballers
Tolka Rovers F.C. players
Association footballers from County Dublin
Rıza Nur (August 30, 1879 in Sinop–September 8, 1942 in Istanbul) was a Turkish surgeon, politician and writer. They were prominent in the years immediately after the First World War, where they served as a cabinet minister but was subsequently marginalised, and became a critic of Atatürk. Their acclaimed autobiography Hayat ve Hatıratım was written from exile in France and Egypt as an alternative narrative to Atatürk's famous speech Nutuk that has dominated the historiography of Turkey. Like Halide Edib and Rauf Orbay, Rıza Nur's work is part of a body of early Republican literature that sought plurality in the increasingly authoritarian Turkish Republic.
Early years
After graduating from the Military Medical School in 1901 Rıza Nur went on to work as a surgeon at Gülhane Military Hospital before returning to the Military Medical School as an academic in 1907. Before this, an early posting had seen them serve on the border with Bulgaria where their job was to check if imported flour was contaminated with killer germs, after the Sultan had claimed this to be the case. The somewhat foolish nature of the work, as well as the refusal of their superiors to supply Rıza with a microscope and other basic scientific tools, helped to convince them that Abdul Hamid II's rule was backward, corrupt and leading Turkey into severe decline.
They had also engaged in what they called in their memoir a period of "philandering," during which they contracted gonorrhea twice, experiences that, along with their medical training, informed their 1907 book Protection from Venereal Diseases.
They entered politics following the adoption of a constitutional monarchy but was imprisoned and later exiled for coming into conflict with the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) administration, remaining a dissenting voice from abroad. Feeling that Turkey was too reliant on Germany but accepting that the country needed a close relationship with a bigger power to prosper they toyed with the idea of a United States mandate in Turkey in the immediate aftermath of World War I.
In Government
Returning to Turkey in 1919 they were a founder member of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey and was appointed Minister of National Education in 1920 and Minister of Health and Public Assistance in 1921, as well as serving as the envoy at the 1921 Treaty of Moscow and the Conference of Lausanne. For Kemal Atatürk, Rıza was an important appointment as their presence in government, along with that of Ahmet Ferit, lent weight to Atatürk's claims to being a uniting force, as both men had been opponents of the CUP which provided most government ministers.
During the negotiations of the Treaty of Lausanne Rıza was sent as assistant to the head of the Turkish delegation İsmet İnönü. They were in the subcommittee responsible for minority issues and they defended the view that a Muslim minority would not be acceptable for Turkey. They drew a comparison between the Kizilbash and the Muslims, which they claimed are both ethnic Turks. They opposed the inclusion of Kurds, Bosniaks or Circassians as minorities in any agreement reached at Lausanne. It was they who proposed the motions recognizing the Grand National Assembly as the legitimate government of Turkey, the end of the monarchy but the continuing control of the Caliphate by the Turkish government. However whilst at Lausanne they also came to blows with the former Prime Minister of Greece Eleftherios Venizelos over the issue of the Pontic Greeks. Indeed what the Allies saw as Rıza's intransigence over both this issue and that of the Armenians led to a Yugoslavian delegate claiming that Rıza was "beginning to show the cloven hoof".
Rıza Nur had negative views of Albanians as being inclined to banditry which formed their view to press for their exclusion from the population exchange Between Greece and Turkey (1923) to which Greece agreed. Nur expressed displeasure that Albanians had arrived as Turks from Greece contravening the exchange agreement and that they were resettled in areas such as Kartal, Pendik and Erenköy, west of İzmit considered to be high quality lands and in Ankara. Nur also accused Abdülhalik Renda, the Governor of İzmir, of encouraging their Albanian compatriots (refugees and immigrants) to resettle from other Anatolian regions to İzmir, claims which Renda denied. Nur also had negative views of Circassians in Turkey and along with the Albanians viewed them as a threat to the Turkish state due to developing rival nationalisms.
Later years
Following the formation of the Turkish Republic, Rıza Nur fell out of favour and left Turkey in 1926 after the attempt on the life of Atatürk at Izmir. Rıza condemned the executions of Mehmet Cavit Bey and the other alleged assassination conspirators arguing that, whilst they personally disliked the men who had been their own political opponents, they felt that they had not been involved in the plot and so were unjustly killed. Embittered at the fall-out with their former ally, Rıza also wrote widely about Atatürk's alleged alcoholism. Between 1931 and 1937 published the Revue de Turcologie in French and Turkish language, which founded in Paris, was issued in Alexandria. Returning from exile in Paris and Alexandria after Atatürk's death, in 1942 they published the journal Tanrıdağı, which supported Turanism and pan-Turkism. The journal's name refers to the Mongolian mountain range Tien Shan, a region inhabited by ancient Turkic tribes.
Rıza Nur was also a noted writer on a number of topics, with their most well-known work being a history of Turkey in 14 volumes.
They died at the age of 63 and was buried at the Merkezefendi Cemetery, Istanbul.
Works
Emrâz-ı Zühreviyeden Tahaffuz Belsoğukluğuna ve Frengiye Yakalanmamak Çaresi (Protection from Venereal Diseases: Prevention Methods for Syphilis and Gonorrhea) (1907)
Servet-i Şahane ve Hakk-ı Millet (Royal Wealth and the Right of the People) (1909)
Meclis-i Mebusan'dan Fırkalar (Parties of the Chamber of Deputies) (1910)
Tıbbiye Hayatından (Of Medical Life) (1911)
Cemiyet-i Hafiye (The Secret Organization) (1914)
Gurbet Dağarcığı (The Vocabulary of the Exile) (1919)
Hürriyet ve İtilaf Nasıl Doğdu, Nasıl Öldü (The Freedom and Accord Party: How Was it Born and How Did it Die?) (1919)
Türk Tarihi (Turkic History, 14 vols) (1924–26)
Arab Şiir Birliği (The Arab Poetry Union) (1926)
Hilalin Tarihi (History of the Crescent) (1933)
Ali Şir Nevai (1935)
Namık Kemal (1936)
Hücumlara Cevaplar (Replies to the Attacks Made) (1941)
Hayat ve Hatıratım (My Life and Memoirs) (1968)
References
Sources
1879 births
1942 deaths
Turkish exiles
Turkish surgeons
Government ministers of Turkey
Deputies of Sinop
Recipients of the Medal of Independence with Red-Green Ribbon (Turkey)
Ministers of National Education of Turkey
Turkish non-fiction writers
Burials at Merkezefendi Cemetery
Turanists
20th-century physicians of the Ottoman Empire
Turkish nationalists
19th-century physicians of the Ottoman Empire
For the First Time! Two Great Stars - George Jones and Gene Pitney is an album by American country music artist George Jones and rock and roll artist Gene Pitney. It was released in 1965 on the Musicor label in the United States and on the Stateside label in the United Kingdom.
Background
After Jones left United Artists to join Musicor in 1965, it was decided that they start off with a duet recording session with teen idol Gene Pitney, and this release was motivated more by the fact that Pitney was also signed to Musicor rather than any musical compatibility. However, Pitney manages to hold their own with Jones and the album became a hit, rising to number three on the country album chart. The album was Pitney's eleventh for Musicor, and the pair would record one more duet album together called It's Country Time Again in 1966. The Bear Family record label would reissue both albums under the title George Jones & Gene Pitney, collecting 31 sides that the pair recorded together.
Reception
Chris Woodstra of AllMusic writes, " For a seemingly unlikely pairing, the two complemented each other well, with Pitney proving themselves not only a fan of the genre but also a competent country singer as well."
Track listing
"I've Got Five Dollars and It's Saturday Night" (Ted Daffin)
"I Really Don't Want to Know" (Howard Barnes, Don Robertson) Gene Pitney solo
"I'm a Fool to Care" (Daffin)
"My Shoes Keep Walking Back to You" (Lee Ross, Bob Wills)
"Sweeter Than the Flowers" (Morrey Burns, Syd Nathan, Ervin T. Rouse)
"Wearing My Heart Away" (Charles K. Harris) George Jones solo
"One Has My Name" (Hal Blair, Eddie Dean, Lorene Dean)
"Things Have Gone to Pieces" (Leon Payne) George Jones soloi
"I've Got a New Heartache" (Wayne Walker)
"Don't Rob Another Man's Castle" (Jenny Carson)
"Wreck on the Highway" (Dorsey Dixon)
"Born to Lose" (Frankie Brown, Daffin) Gene Pitney solo
External links
George Jones' Official Website
1965 albums
George Jones albums
Vocal duet albums
Gene Pitney albums
Musicor Records albums
National Highway 127E, commonly called NH 127E is a national highway in India. It is a spur road of National Highway 27. NH-127E traverses the state of Assam in India.
Route
Barama, Baska, Subankhata, Indo/Bhutan border near Chowki.
Junctions
Terminal with National Highway 27 near Barama.
See also
List of National Highways in India by highway number
List of National Highways in India by state
References
External links
NH 127E on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Assam
Flaming Teeth, from Fijian mythology, was a giant who was so large their teeth appeared as burning logs.
The giant tormented villages day after day, eating people and wreaking havoc. After so much burning and consuming of villagers a band of brave men from the village got together. They made a plan to surprise and ambush the giant by luring it under a giant rock and smashing its skull with it. They succeeded killing the giant but its teeth still were aflame. The villagers took the teeth back to the village and that was the first time man acquired the use of fire.
References
External links
Macula.tv's cartoon illustration of Flaming Teeth
Fijian mythology
Giants
Melanesian legendary creatures
United Nations Security Council resolution 697, adopted unanimously on 14 June 1991, noted a report of the Secretary-General that, due to the existing circumstances, the presence of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP) would continue to be essential for a peaceful settlement. The Council asked the Secretary-General to report back again before 30 November 1991, to follow the implementation of the resolution.
The Council reaffirmed its previous resolutions, including Resolution 365 (1974), expressed its concern over the situation, urged the involved parties to work together toward peace and once more extended the stationing of the Force in Cyprus, established in Resolution 186 (1964), until 15 December 1991.
See also
Cyprus dispute
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
United Nations Buffer Zone in Cyprus
Turkish invasion of Cyprus
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0697
0697
June 1991 events
1991 in Cyprus
Jiaohe or Yarkhoto is a ruined city in the Yarnaz Valley, 10 km west of the city of Turpan in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China. It was the capital of the Tocharian kingdom of Jushi. It is a natural fortress located atop a steep cliff on a leaf-shaped plateau between two deep river valleys, and was an important stop along the Silk Road.
Names
The Hou Hanshu, in discussing Jiaohe, alludes to a conventional reading of the name, as meaning "river junction":
The king of Nearer Jushi lives in the town of Jiaohe. A river divides into two and surrounds the town, which is why it is called Jiaohe.
Lionel Giles recorded the following names for the city (with their Wade-Giles forms of the Chinese names substituted with pinyin):
Jiaohe, ancient capital of Turfan [Han].
Jushi Qianwangting (Royal Court of Anterior/Nearer Jushi) [Later Han]
Gaochang Jun [Jin]
Xi Zhou [Tang]
Yarkhoto [modern name].
Aurel Stein has suggested that the name Yarkhoto is a combination of Turkic and Mongolian words, being derived from yar (Turki: ravine) and khoto (Mongolian: town).
History
From 108 BC to 450 AD Jiaohe was the capital of the Anterior Jushi Kingdom. It was an important site along the Silk Road trade route leading west, and was adjacent to the Korla and Karasahr kingdoms to the west. From 450 AD until 640 AD it became Jiao prefecture in the Tang Dynasty, and in 640 AD it was made the seat of the new Jiaohe County. From 640 AD until 658 AD it was also the seat of the Protector General of the Western Regions, the highest level military post of a Chinese military commander posted in the west. Since the beginning of the 9th century it had become Jiaohe prefecture of the Uyghur Khaganate, until their kingdom was conquered by the Kyrgyz soon after in the year 840. Yarkhoto was also built on a plateau and this plateau is 30m high.
The city was built on a large islet (1650 m in length, 300 m wide at its widest point) in the middle of a river which formed natural defenses, which would explain why the city lacked any sort of walls. Instead, steep cliffs more than 30 metres high on all sides of the river acted as natural walls. The layout of the city had eastern and western residential districts, while the northern district was reserved for Buddhist sites of temples and stupas. Along with this there are notable graveyards and the ruins of a large government office in the southern part of the eastern district. It had a population of 7,000 according to Tang dynasty records.
It was finally abandoned after its destruction during an invasion by the Mongols led by Genghis Khan in the 13th century.
The ruins were visited by the archaeologist and explorer Aurel Stein, who described "a maze of ruined dwellings and shrines carved out for the most part from the loess soil", but complained that a combination of local farmers' use of the soil and government interference in their activities prevented examination. The site was partially excavated in the 1950s and has been protected by the PRC government since 1961. There are now attempts to protect this site and other Silk Road city ruins.
Conservation
Both the Nara National Cultural Properties Research Institute and the Xinjiang Cultural Relics Bureau have been cooperating in a joint venture to preserve the ruins of the site since 1992. In 2014, the Jiaohe Ruins became part of the Silk Road UNESCO World Heritage Sites, after several years of preparation.
See also
Gaochang ruins
Tocharian languages
Silk Road transmission of Buddhism
Major national historical and cultural sites (Xinjiang)
References
External links
Along the ancient silk routes: Central Asian art from the West Berlin State Museums, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material from Jiaohe Ruins
Buildings and structures in Turpan
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Xinjiang
Ruins in China
Archaeological sites in China
Beagle Bag is a collection of video games for the Apple II family of computers published in 1982 by Beagle Bros Software. In common with their other titles, the Beagle Bag software was released in unlocked and unprotected form, and is now in the public domain.
Games
Beagle Bag, collectively credited to "Bert Kersey and the Beagle Bros Staff", contains games designed for the Apple II, Apple II+ and Apple IIe computers.
Buzzword!
In Buzzword!, a children's game based on Mad Libs, the computer relates a short story in which certain key words are replaced with blanks. Each time the story reaches a blank, the user selects a letter and the computer then randomly inserts a word from its vocabulary starting with that letter. Buzzword! comes with five pre-made stories and also allows users to create their own.
In addition to entering a custom story, the Beagle Bag manual also includes instructions about how to edit Buzzword!'''s vocabulary.
ElevatorsElevators challenges the player to use four elevators to deliver as many carloads of passengers as possible in a short period of time (5:00 to 5:30). Passengers appear on any of ten different floors in a high-rise building and must be collected by sending one of four elevator cars to the correct floor and back down again. The movement of each car can be controlled separately by three rows of keys: 1, 2, 3 and 4 to move up, A, S, D and F to move down, and Q, W, E and R to stop. Power can also be cut to certain cars, allowing others to move more quickly.
Each carload of passengers delivered to the ground floor earns the player a point. Points are displayed to the left of the building, the time of day to the right.
Gas Crunch
This simple game involves taking turns with the computer to remove gas cans from a wall with 21 cans. Both the player and the computer can choose to remove one, two or three cans each time, with the object of not having to take the last remaining can. With 21 cans, the first player wins with perfect play. The computer knows how to play perfectly, so you must win the coin flip to have a chance to win.
Hang PersonHang Person is a simple hangman-style game in which the player must guess the letters of a word or short phrase. For each incorrect guess, another piece of the person is drawn in; six incorrect guesses lose the game. Hang Person allows a user to play by themselves against the computer, or to enter a word of their own (up to 14 characters) that a second user must guess. Instructions on how to edit the computer's vocabulary of 150 words are given in the manual.
Magic Pack
This program acts as an aid to performing four separate magic tricks described in the accompanying manual: "Plenty Questions", in which the computer attempts to guess the object someone's thinking of; "21 Numbers", a number guessing trick; "Next Word", in which the computer and the player create a logical series of words; and "Card Scanner", in which the computer purports to identify a playing card held against the screen.
Oink!Oink! is a two-player dice-rolling game with each player taking turns rolling to score the sum of the two dice. After the roll, a point is added to the bonus counter. The player can end their turn and bank their points, or roll again and add the new sum, plus the current bonus counter, which is then incremented after the new roll. This may be repeated as often as desired. Rolling doubles (a 1 in 6 chance) ends the turn immediately, forfeits all unbanked points, and clears the bonus counter. First to 200 points wins the game.
A version of Oink! was used in experiments conducted in the mid-1980s to test for the existence of psychokinesis, the results of which were published in the Journal of Parapsychology.
Pick-A-Pair
Similar to Concentration or Hūsker Dū?, Pick-A-Pair is a two-person memory game played on a 4x4 array of 16 numbers, behind each of which is a symbol. Players take turns revealing, two at a time, the symbols behind each number; if the two they pick match, the two are removed and the player earns points equal to the sum of the two numbers. The first player to earn 68 or more points wins the game. Unlike Concentration, making a match does not give the player an extra turn, which also significantly affects strategy.
Quick-Draw!Quick-Draw! is a two-player cowboy shoot-out game. Each round the computer selects an abstract "firing symbol" which it displays between the two gunmen, then quickly cycles through various random symbols including the one it selected. If a player fires while the correct symbol is shown and does so quicker than their opponent, he'll win the round. If they fire while the wrong symbol is shown, their opponent get a free shot.
Points are awarded on how quickly players can make successful shots and are displayed beneath each cowboy. Scores rounded off to the nearest whole number appear on each cowboy's hat. First player to 10 points wins.
Slippery Digits
This game is a sliding puzzle that challenges the player to sequentially order 15 numbered tiles within a 4x4 playing area using as few moves as possible. Slippery Digits has two styles of play: one in which the number of each tile is shown, and another more challenging one in which each number begins hidden and only appears when it's in its proper position.
Sub Search
In this submarine-hunting game, the player must identify the locations of a random number of submarines hidden within the playing area. The player moves their ship north, south, east or west, and the areas over which the ship travels light up green. If a submarine is within the area through which the ship has moved, it will appear as a black silhouette; moving directly over a submarine marks it as found. To help direct the search, the player can use a sonar-like scanner to faintly reveal where submarines are located.
The player must manage oxygen and fuel supplies, both of which are assigned in random quantities at the beginning of the game and quickly diminish. An "equalizer" balances the two, and a "jump" function allows the player to jump to a random location in the playing area. The final score is based on the percentage of subs found multiplied by one thousand, plus the amount of fuel and oxygen remaining.
TextTrainTextTrain is a train simulator that uses a word or other series of letter to represent the cars of a train. The game's object is to couple together a pre-defined series of freight cars and pull them to the Check Station at the top of the track as quickly as possible. The player can move the train forward or backward around the tracks and onto sidings, open and close switches and couple and uncouple cars. Coupling a car ahead of the engine or driving into a closed switch will derail the train and end the game.
Triple DigitsTriple Digits is a numbers game for two players. Each player is dealt a set of thirteen digits (0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8); one plays white, the other black. Numbers are placed one at a time in the unoccupied squares of a 9x8 board according to the computer's instructions. Scoring is based on the number that was played and its two adjacent digits, read together as a single number; for instance, a row of 2, 4 and 6 would yield a score of 246. Rows can be vertical, horizontal or diagonal. TripleDigits ends when all the numbers have been played or one of the players resigns.
Wowzo
The object of Wowzo is for each player to move their "man" (represented on the board by the first three letters of their name) through the maze and land on each letter of a five-letter keyword before their opponent does. The letters of the keyword, which is entered by a player at the start of the game, are scattered randomly throughout the maze. Players can move their men left, right, up or down; the man will continue to move in that direction until it hits a wall or encounters one of the letters of the keyword (which grants a free turn).
Each player on their turn can also open or close one of many "gates" in the maze's walls, represented by letters. Doing so can open shortcuts to letters or block one's opponent. The first player to collect all the letters of the keyword wins.
Utilities
Included in the Beagle Bag collection is Beagle Menu, a configurable disk menu program that offers one-key access to select files.
Other softwareBeagle Bag also includes several simple programs that according to the manual "have been gathering dust around here for years."Baby Names generates semi-random names of five to seven letters.Cross Word insults the user at every keypress.Date Search calculates the number of days between two dates.Pack My Box challenges the user to create a pangram of less than 32 letters.Poly-Dice simulates the results of rolling dice of a specified number of sides.Naked City is a practical joke program that displays bogus computer errors.Name Game produces variations of a person's name: Spoonerisms, vowelisms, Pig Latin, etc.Test Patterns'' produces lo-res or hi-res test patterns.
Reception
References
External links
Beagle Bag at the Beagle Bros Software Repository
Beagle Bag Instructions
1982 video games
Apple II games
Apple II-only games
Video games developed in the United States
Christopher "Chris" Taylor is a video game, board game and card game, developer originally from Southern California. Taylor is most famous for acting as lead designer for the original Fallout title for Interplay Entertainment, working alongside Tim Cain, Leonard Boyarsky and Jason Anderson. While at Interplay, Taylor contributed to the design of Star Trek: Starfleet Command, Stonekeep and Fallout 2. They also served as producer for The Lord of the Rings Online.
In 2005, Taylor and two other Fallout designers (Tom Decker and Scott Everts) founded Zero Radius Games, a board game and non-collectible card game development company. On September 22, 2008, it was announced on Interplay's website that Taylor had rejoined the company and would be working on "Project V13", later revealed to be Fallout Online. However Bethesda, through a drawn out legal battle, cancelled this project.
They were the designer of Pillars of Eternity: Lords of the Eastern Reach, a tabletop game based on the video game Pillars of Eternity which was released in 2016.  They are also the designer of Nemo's War, a game published by Victory Point Games.
References
External links
Zero Radius Games
Moby Games profile
Christopher Taylor on BoardGameGeek
Nemo's War (2nd Edition) on Victory Point Games
Year of birth missing (living people)
American video game designers
Black Isle Studios
Board game designers
Fallout (series) developers
Living people
Interplay Entertainment people
Flavio Tosi (born 18 June 1969) is an Italian politician who served as the mayor of Verona from 2007 to 2017.
They have been a long-time member of Liga Veneta–Lega Nord.
Political career
Having joined Liga Veneta (LV) in 1991, Tosi was elected to the Municipal Council of Verona in 1994 at the age of 25. From 1997 to 2003 they were also provincial secretary of the LV in the Province of Verona. In the meantime, in the 2000 regional election they were elected to the Regional Council of Veneto, where they served as the party's floor leader for two years.
After being the most voted candidate in the 2005 regional election (more than 28,000 of personal votes), they were appointed regional minister of Health in Galan III Government. Aged 36, they were one of the LV's rising stars, alongside Luca Zaia, who was contextually appointed vice president and soon became their main rival within the party.
In late 2006 Tosi launched their bid for mayor of Verona. Initially they were supported only by their party, but then, thanks to their popularity in opinion polls, they were able to threw behind themselves the whole centre-right coalition, including the LV, Forza Italia, National Alliance, the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats and minor parties. In May 2007 they were elected mayor of Verona by a large margin: 60.8% to 33.9% of the incumbent Paolo Zanotto. Verona was thus the second largest Italian city ever ruled by Lega Nord (LN), the first one being Milan, ruled by Marco Formentini from 1993 to 1997. Tosi was one of the most popular mayors in Italy with approval ratings around 65-75%.
In July 2008 the LV held its national congress in Padua. Tosi unsuccessfully tried to replace Gian Paolo Gobbo as national secretary, but was elected national president instead. Tosi appeared to be also the standard-bearer of the party in view of the 2010 regional election, along with Zaia. However, in December 2009 Tosi had to renounce their bid to become President of Veneto in favour of Zaia, who commanded a larger support in the party's national council.
In June 2012 Tosi, just re-elected mayor of Verona with 57.4% of the vote (three times their closest opponent Michele Bertucco, who got a mere 22.8%), was elected national secretary of the LV with 57% of the votes (236 delegates out of 414), while their challenger Massimo Bitonci had 43% (178 delegates). Tosi was the chairperson of the board of directors of Autostrada Brescia Verona Vicenza Padova, a toll road operator, as well as a member of the board of its parent company A4 Holding.
In the 2014 European Parliament election Tosi was elected MEP with around 100,000 personal votes, only to step down a few months later.
In March 2015, after a long struggle with Zaia, backed by LN's federal secretary Matteo Salvini, was ejected from the party. Subsequently, in the 2015 regional election, they ran for President of Veneto, supported by the Tosi List for Veneto, coming fourth with 11.9% of the vote.
On 21 July 2015 Tosi founded their new party, called Act! (Fare!).
Legal troubles
On 2 December 2004 Tosi was found guilty of instigation to racism according to the Mancino law, for having collected signatures against the establishment of new gypsy camps in Verona. Later, on 30 January 2007, the Court of Appeal found Tosi not guilty for the above offence, while at the same time finding them guilty of a minor offence (promoting a hatred campaign). On 13 December 2007 the Court of Cassation cancelled the latter sentence and ruled that the new appeal must take place. In June 2008 the Court of Cassation publicized the motivations of its December 2007 sentence, stating that Tosi was not guilty of promoting ideas of racial superiority or hatred and that it is acceptable to discriminate against Roma on the grounds that they are thieves, indicating that the Court of Appeals should not consider as crime political initiatives aimed at illegal acts of minority members. On 20 October 2008 the Appeals' Court of Venice upheld the conviction of Tosi to two months of imprisonment with suspended sentence. The Court has given sixty days for filing the motivation. Tosi has announced its intention to appeal to the Court of Cassation. On 11 July 2009 that Court definitively sentence Tosi to two months of imprisonment with suspended sentence, In October 2009 Tosi was sentenced by the Court of Cassation to a sanction of 4,000 euro and to the suspension for three years from holding public rallies. something which did not impede them to be re-elected mayor of Verona in May 2012.
References
External links
Biography of Flavio Tosi
1969 births
Living people
Venetist politicians
MEPs for Italy 2014–2019
21st-century Italian politicians
Mayors of places in Veneto
People from Verona
Members of the Regional Council of Veneto
20th-century Italian politicians
Foymount is a community situated in the township of Bonnechere Valley, Ontario, Canada, located on the 512 and Opeongo Road in Renfrew County, west of Eganville. Foymount is approximately 125 kilometres (80 mi) due west of Ottawa.
Foymount falsely claims to be Ontario's highest populated point at above sea level, well below Dundalk's .
The community was named for John Foy, postmaster.
Foymount and the surrounding area is a popular destination for backpackers and hikers, and was the location of warranty and repair facilities for camping equipment manufacturer Sierra Designs. However, the outlet closed on August 26, 2010.
The location is also popular for amateur astronomers given the high altitude and low levels of artificial light.
Canadian military history
Because of the high altitude, the Royal Canadian Air Force built a radar base on the site in the 1950s as part of the Pinetree Radar Line, established for the detection of nuclear bombers coming over the polar region from the Soviet Union. Canadian Forces Station (CFS) Foymount was closed in 1974 because more powerful radar installations that overlapped Foymount's coverage area were built at Canadian Forces Station (CFS) Falconbridge in Ontario and CFS Lac St. Denis in Quebec. The site is now split up into private property with high surveillance and entrance is prohibited. Doing so is a criminal offense.
Telecommunications and broadcasting
The high-altitude site is also popular for the purpose of radio and television transmission. The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation operated a rebroadcast transmitter (CBOT-TV-1) at the site until 2012. In 2006 the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission rejected an application for United Christian Broadcasters Canada to begin operating a rebroadcast transmitter on the site.
UHF/VHF repeaters:
FOYMOUNT Call: VE3UCR; Input: 144.830; Output: 145.430; Linked to VE3NRR, Pembroke by DTMF code.
See also
Foymount Farm
External links
Foymount at The Atlas of Canada - Topographic Maps
Foymount at maps.google.com
References
http://www.pinecone.on.ca/MAGAZINE/stories/foymount.html
http://ca.epodunk.com/profiles/ontario/foymount/2003994.html
http://www.valleyexplore.com/drive/opeongoline.htm
http://www.pinetreeline.org/other/other16/other16b.html
http://www.crtc.gc.ca/archive/ENG/Decisions/2006/db2006-547.htm
http://www.ncf.ca/ip/sigs/media.sigs/amradio/rptrs/rptrs.ont
http://strategis.ic.gc.ca/app/ccc/srch/nvgt.do?lang=eng&prtl=1&estblmntNo=123456079107&profile=cmpltPrfl&app=1
Communities in Renfrew County
Ghost towns in Ontario
Rancho San Agustin was a Mexican land grant in present-day Santa Cruz County, California given in 1833 by Governor José Figueroa to José Antonio Bolcoff. The grant was bounded by the San Lorenzo River on the west and Rancho Carbonera on the south, and encompassed present-day Scotts Valley.
History
José Antonio Bolcoff (1794–1866) was born Osip Volkov in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, Siberia. Working for the Russian-American Company, Bolcoff was captured on shore by the Spanish in 1815. They quickly assimilated into the Spanish culture, and was given the name José Antonio Bolcof. Bolcoff traveled with Governor Pablo Vicente de Solá, acting as an interpreter. In 1822, Bolcoff settled in Branciforte and married María Candida Castro, grantee of Rancho Refugio. Bolcoff was alcade of Branciforte in 1833. In 1833, Bolcoff was granted the one square league Rancho San Augustin, and moved their family to the rancho and built an adobe. In 1839, Bolcoff replaced Francisco Soto as administrator of Mission Santa Cruz. In 1839, Bolcoff sold Rancho San Augustin to Joseph Ladd Majors.
Joseph Ladd Majors (1806–1868), a trapper from Tennessee, came to California over the Santa Fe Trail with Isaac Graham in 1834. In 1838, Majors became a naturalized Mexican citizen and was baptized as Juan José Crisostomo Mayor. In 1839, Majors married María de Los Angeles Castro (1818–1903), daughter José Joaquín Castro of Rancho San Andrés and a sister-in-law of Bolcoff. Over the next decade, Majors would use their naturalized status as the middleman for a series of land deals, obtaining land holdings in their name, and then leasing or selling the land back to their American partners. In 1841, Governor Alvarado granted Rancho San Agustin along with the abandoned Rancho Zayante to Mayor / Majors.
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored. As required by the Land Act of 1851, a claim for Rancho San Agustin was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852, and the grant was patented to Joseph Ladd Majors in 1866.
In 1852, Majors started selling Rancho San Agustin to Hiram Daniel Scott (1823–1886). Scott had come from Maine to California in 1846 as a crewman on a merchant ship, and jumped ship in Monterey. They left to try their luck as a miner during the California Gold Rush, and stayed to open a hotel in Stockton in 1850. Between 1853 and 1856, Scott brought their relatives from Maine to Rancho San Agustin. In 1856, Hiram Scott, went back to the gold mines, and their father, Captain Daniel Scott, took over the rancho. Scott sold to Joseph and Grace Errington in 1865. The Erringtons established the first dairy in Scotts Valley.
Historic sites of the Rancho
Hiram D. Scott House Built by Hiram Daniel Scott in 1853.
References
San Agustin
San Ag
San Ag
San Agustin
The Kurumali River is a major tributary of the Karuvannur River in the Thrissur district of Kerala. It originates in the Western Ghats in the Chimmony Wildlife Sanctuary of Thrissur District.
Course
The Kurumali River has its origin on the slopes of the Western Ghats in the Chimmony Wildlife Sanctuary of the Thrissur district. The Chimmony dam is built across the Kurumali River. The Muply River joins the Kurumali river in Karikulam. The river then passes the towns of Palappally, Vettingapadam, Varantharapally, Vellarampadam, Mupliyam, Panthallur, Nellayi, Nandikkara, Puthukad and Cheruvaal. Further downstream the Kurumali River joins with the Manali River at Arattupuzha forming the Karuvannur River.
See also
Cheruval – a village on the banks of the river
Chimmony Dam – one of the main irrigation dams in Kerala is upstream this river.
References
Rivers of Thrissur district
Thomas Alvin Wehr is an American psychiatrist, research scientist, and author.  They are a scientist emeritus and former chief of the Clinical Psychobiology branch of the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH).
Education
Wehr received their degree in medicine from the University of Louisville School of Medicine in 1969. They subsequently completed their psychiatric residency at Yale School of Medicine and an internship at Michael Reese Hospital.
Research
In a 1990s study on photoperiodicity in humans, Wehr placed a group of volunteers in an environment in which it was dark for 14 hours each day for a month. The subjects were able to sleep as much as they wanted during the experiment. On the first night, the subjects slept an average of 11 hours a night. This was concluded to be probably repaying a chronic sleep debt. By the fourth week, the subjects slept an average of eight hours a nightbut in two separate blocks. First, subjects tended to lie awake for one to two hours and then fall quickly asleep. The onset of sleep was linked to a spike in the hormone melatonin, whose secretion by the brain's pineal gland is triggered by darkness. After an average of three to five hours of sleep, the subjects would awaken and spend an hour or two in quiet wakefulness before a second three- to five-hour sleep period. It was thus suggested that such a biphasic pattern of sleep is the natural or pre-historic tendency for humans. No research into the sleeping patterns in natural environments of primates closely related to humans was cited for comparison.
Wehr and colleague Norman E. Rosenthal are credited with identifying and describing Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) and developing light therapy to treat it.
Wehr and colleague Anna Wirz-Justice were awarded the Anna Monika Prize for their work in the chronobiology of depressive illness. They carried out the first sleep phase advance experiment in a bipolar patient.
Wehr was the co-author of Circadian Rhythms in Psychiatry (Psychobiology and Psychopathology) with Frederick Goodwin, and How to Beat Jet Lag (1993) with D.A. Oren, W. Reich, and N. Rosenthal.
See also
Segmented sleep
References
External links
"Rethinking Sleep," "The New York Times", September 22, 2012
"Modern Life Suppresses an Ancient Body Rhythm," The New York Times, March 14, 1995
Various Articles, The New York Times
Various Interviews, National Public Radio (NPR)
"Body Clocks," The Infinite Mind, February 20, 2008
American psychiatrists
Sleep researchers
National Institutes of Health people
Chronobiologists
Living people
Yale School of Medicine alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Louisville School of Medicine alumni
Jamie Kane is an alternative reality game created by the BBC (British Broadcasting Corporation), aimed primarily at teens, aged 14 years to 18 years, appealing to both sexes due to its mix of mystery and drama. The game is named after the main character in it, a fictional pop star. In addition to a primary web site, the game is noted for involving interspersing fictional content related to the game in many of the BBC's web sites, including fictional interviews between BBC Radio 1 presenters and Jamie Kane, fake Top of the Pops appearances by the character, and fake BBC News reports of the character's death. The aim of the game was for players to unravel the mystery of that death, solving online puzzles and following clues that were available from a variety of sources.
Unusually for BBC content, the game involved no links to any broadcast series or other BBC characters. This, along with the fact that the game launched two months behind schedule, caused speculation that this venture by the BBC into alternate reality gaming might prove to be unsuccessful. Sophie Walpole, head of interactive drama and entertainment at the BBC, however, was publicly confident about the game's prospects at its launch, expressing their hope that the game would "go viral", adding that "More than 1 million teenagers visit BBC Online a month, and I'm aiming for in excess of 100,000 players in the first year. It could be just the start of new interactive fiction by the BBC."
History
The BBC commissioned development of the game in February 2004, shortly before the publication of the independent report by Philip Graf on the BBC's practice in May 2010, which saw the BBC cease its involvement in online fantasy football and surfing stories. The game was initially scheduled for release in early 2005.
For 10 months the BBC worked with outside contractors Preloaded, creator of the various mini-games and puzzles in the game, and Creative Virtual, a specialist in artificial intelligence on-line chat robot technology, to create the game, at a cost of more than £250,000.
On 11 May 2005 the BBC publicly announced that it was calling for beta testers, a move that some alternate reality game commentators considered to be unusually straightforward and open for the world of alternate reality gaming. According to a Preloaded spokesperson, this call for testers engendered a response and the game was "tested on hundreds of teenagers".
The game was finally launched on 5 August 2005. The launch incurred some teething troubles, with reports from players that they could not sign in to the web site. Other players commented on the quality of the chat robots, and their inability to respond meaningfully to comments made by players that addressed the central theme of the game.
On 13 August 2005 the game incurred further controversy when the original entry about "Jamie Kane" in English Wikipedia reported the fictional biography of the game's central character as if it were fact. Questions were asked about the possibility that the article had been written by someone within the BBC itself with the intention of promoting the game. Rob Cooper responded for the BBC saying that "the BBC would never use Wikipedia as a marketing tool."
The new television series of Doctor Who features a series of interlinked websites which are tied into the official Jamie Kane Website. The site can be accessed by following a series of links set out from the page of Deffry Vale High School which launched on 29 April 2006 to coincide with the broadcast of School Reunion.
Credits
The game's storyline was written by Matt Beaumont, author of e, a novel written in the form of a succession of purported electronic mail messages. The "Jamie Kane" character within the various video clips and stills is played by Simon Bailey, an actor who has also worked in productions of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat and We Will Rock You in the West End of London and is currently appearing in the West End production of Les Misérables. Real-life Top of the Pops presenter Fearne Cotton also features in the video clips. Jamie's ex-band members Fran and Jedd are played by Chris Grierson and Justin McDonald.
Elements of the game borrow heavily from the failed Electronic Arts subscription game 'Majestic', which was shut down early in 2002 after failing to reach the required number of paying players.
Playing the game
The game involves both web content and interaction via text messaging, phone calls (accessible within the United Kingdom only), electronic mail, and with a chatbot on a proprietary Macromedia Flash interface designed to resemble an instant messaging system. Rob Cooper, producer with the BBC's interactive drama and entertainment department, stated, "You play for around 20 minutes a day and it makes use of AI chats to feed you info. Typically, it will take around 15 days to solve, a clue at a time."
Player reaction to the game has varied. Players have described the Flash animation instant messaging system as "odd" and unlike actual instant messaging systems in nature.
During the beta testing, Christy Dena, in a lengthy and detailed analysis on the gameplay, complimented the immediacy of reaction of the chat robots, and the "smooth" integration between the various interactions with the game (specifically between electronic mail and chat). Dena also pointed out that, unlike many alternate reality games, players can join game play at any time, and the game is not played in real time.
Storyline and characters
This is a brief summary of the characters in the game and its storyline.
Jamie Kenton Kane (played by Simon Bailey) is a pop star and former member of boy band Boy*d Upp. They died in a helicopter crash. The other members of the band were songwriter Fran Barker (Chris Grierson) and model turned dancer Jedd Nicholson (Justin McDonald). The band has had two UK top ten singles and several European Music Awards. Jamie has released two solo albums since the band split up.
Jessica "Jess" Hillier (Beth Garrod) runs their own unofficial Jamie Kane web site, populated by several other Jamie Kane fans, who communicate via forums and instant messenger. Jess is 19 years old, from Reading, Berkshire and works in HMV. They met Jamie backstage at Top of the Pops after winning a competition.
Greta Joseph (Hayley Richards) is the blue haired member of the board. Greta is 18, from Leeds.  They are in their first year at University, studying Computing.  They are good at hacking, which has got them into trouble at times. From their appearance you would not think them to be a Jamie Fan but looks can be deceiving. They and other member Cochrane don't get on, which is obvious from the message forums. They the first to suspect that there is something dodgy about Jamie's death.
Cochrane Chambers (Philip Clayton Smith) is a 29-year-old from Doncaster.  They are the hot-headed member of the JamieRules messageboard. They reckon their destiny is to be a flight attendant. Cochrane likes their voice to be heard and does not mind giving people an unwanted opinion on any topic.  They are always one to say "I told you so". Cochrane opened the very first Boy*d Upp fansite which they closed because of issues with members, one being Greta.
Kal Garvey (Toby Strange) is 22 from Dundee, Scotland.  They are a journalist for the Dundee Courier & Advertiser. Could Kal be tempted to betray the board members for a big scoop?
Shaz Brahmachari (Imogen Ware) is 13 years old, making them the youngest member of the board. They come from the West Midlands and rarely understands what Cochrane is talking about.
Fay Urban (Tabitha Fielding) is Jamie's Manager and founder of Rock Trust, an indie record label.
Lana Terry (Emma Allen) is Jamie's girlfriend. Beautiful and glamorous, they are devastated by Jamie's death, but finds enough time to get over it within a matter of weeks. They hook up with Jamie's former bandmate, Fran Barker, who both grace the pages of OK!.
Nick Hillier is Jess's brother who is backpacking around Thailand when they get caught up in the Jamie situation.
Duncan and Penny Kane are Jamie's parents. Their father left when Jamie was seven and Jamie was raised by their mother along with sisters Sara and Alexia.
David Glenny is Jamie Kane's lookalike.
Secret game
At the bottom of the Team Jamie page is garbled small print. The full stop links to a deciphering game that appears elsewhere in the full game. Deciphering the text reveals the following message:
still want more? there's a hidden game in the phone simulator (day 7). go back to greta's blog, scroll down to the entry called 'simulator' and launch the simulator. click on the data window and press 'p' on your keyboard to paste the code in automatically, then type '8672' to unlock the phone. now use the keypad on the screen to type #snake and you'll launch the hidden game. see if you can beat our top score of 240
The SIMulator game will only be available to people who have reached the point in the game for it to have appeared in Greta's blog.
Tie-in websites
This is a list of tie-in websites for Jamie Kane.
Jamie-related
The "official web site for Jamie Kane" (www.jamiekane.co.uk) in the game. This website is presented in a formal manner, and contains many clues in the lines of the text. It contains a number of songs supposedly sung by Jamie Kane and their former boy band Boyd Upp. They are a number of clues in these songs as to what happens to Jamie, most notably the last song they recorded, "Torn".
Jamie Rules (www.jamierules.co.uk) (archive), the "fan-run web site for Jamie Kane" in the game. This is the main website used in the game. If you have not registered to take part in the game, then you cannot see much of what happens here. It contains Screenshots of BBC News 24. It contains a discussion forum for members who have signed up and also contains Instant messaging-type programmes as popups. These are actually chatbots which have been designed to respond in particular ways.
Blogs
Greta Joseph (archive). Greta's blog is primarily used in the game as a location for linking to other games. Greta, who is dyslexic, has poor spelling and some players have found it difficult to understand what they are writing. The techminx website, which according to whois records is registered to the BBC, hosts many of the front games (see below). There are also other audio MP3 and Macromedia Flash files on this site. You cannot see all of the site if you do not play the game.
Kal Garvey (archive). Kal Garvey is training to be a news reporter, so their blog is mostly concerned by the news stories related to the events. There are many newspaper links on this site, such as to the controversial Sun newspaper release about the story. This site, cheapserve, is used to host some Doctor Who tie-in websites. (see.
Jess Hillier (archive). This is hosted on the fansite (see above). It is the blog of the main character, Jess Hillier, who runs the website Jamie Rules. They describe themselves very detailedly and is the main character concerned with the welfare of other characters.
Greta's apps
Mobile Phone Simulator . This is a game which uses an emulator of a mobile telephone. One must use a game like Mastermind to work out the PIN for the owner of the phone. Then, one must find evidence to the original owner of the phone. This requires info from. Later in the game, you can discover the hidden game of Snake in this.
Decryptor . This is a game related to decrypting a message hidden by a secret finance.
Caesar Cypher program
Audio Enhancer
Photoenhancer
Email
Laptop
Companies
Asia Retreat travel agency (www.asiaretreat.com), a fake travel agency in the game, Username Jamie Kane, password gibson
Royal Accord hotel (www.royalaccord.com), the fake hotel used in the game, Username openarchive02, password enable
Mobile Phone (www.mobiletechnetworks.co.uk) Username ahlund47840, password templogin
Rock Trust (rocktrust.co.uk), the fake record label used in the game
Fenton Ruckingham (www.fentonruckingham.co.uk), fictional accountants of Shepherd's Bush
Den Helder Duik - en Bergingsbedrijff (www.denhelderbergingsbedrijf.com), a fake Dutch diving company in the game
See also
ELIZA
References
Further reading
— discussion of Jamie Kane in the 2005/2006 BBC Annual Report and Accounts by the BBC Governors
External links
Official website of Philip Clayton Smith who plays Cochrane
Alternate reality games
Kane, Jamie
is a train station in the city of Kurashiki, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
The station was named after Kibi no Makibi, an 8th Century scholar and statesman from the region.
Lines
Ibara Railway
Ibara Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Ibara Railway
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
Sigma International English School was established in 2052 B.S. Nabaraj Parajuli is the founder of this school. It started providing education from 2052 B.S. This school is located at Parakhopi, Haldibari, Nepal. The school gives education up to class 10. The school has two buildings with three floors.
See also
Haldibari Higher Secondary School
Schools in Nepal
Indole-3-carboxylate decarboxylase () is an enzyme with systematic name indole-3-carboxylate carboxy-lyase. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
indole-3-carboxylate indole + CO2
This enzyme is activated by Zn2+, Mn2+ or Mg2+.
References
External links
EC 4.1.1
Tony Wilds is an Australian cricket umpire. They have stood in several Domestic cricket matches in Australia including the Men's and Women's Big Bash League competitions. They have also stood in some Women's International matches. They also may work as a TV Umpire or a reserve umpire for these matches.
References
External links
List of matches umpired by Tony Wilds
Australian cricket umpires
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fibroid may refer to:
Uterine fibroid or fibroid, a benign growth in the uterus composed of:
Leiomyoma, a benign smooth muscle tumor that very rarely becomes cancer (0.1%)
Fibroma or fibroid, a tumor of fibrous connective tissue usually found on the skin
Inflammatory fibroid polyp, in the colon
Abel Carter Wilder (March 18, 1828 – December 22, 1875) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Biography
Born in Mendon, Massachusetts, Wilder completed preparatory studies and engaged in mercantile pursuits. They moved to Rochester, New York, and continued mercantile pursuits. They moved to Leavenworth, Kansas in 1857 and again engaged in mercantile pursuits. They served as delegate to the Osawatomie convention in 1859.
They served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1860 and elected its chairperson. They served as a captain in the Kansas brigade for one year in the Civil War.
Wilder was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-Eighth Congress (March 4, 1863 – March 3, 1865). They served as delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1864, 1868, and 1872. They returned to Rochester, New York, in 1865 and published the Morning and Evening Express until 1868, when they retired from active business pursuits.
Wilder was elected mayor of Rochester in 1872, but resigned in 1873. They died in San Francisco, California, December 22, 1875, while there for their health. They were interred in Mount Hope Cemetery, Rochester, New York.
References
Retrieved on 2009-05-07
1828 births
1875 deaths
Burials at Mount Hope Cemetery (Rochester)
Mayors of Rochester, New York
People from Mendon, Massachusetts
People of Kansas in the American Civil War
Burials in New York (state)
Union Army officers
New York (state) Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Mircekiraz is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 78 people. Mircekiraz is approximately 326km from Istanbul.
References
Villages in Gerede District
These are some of the notable events relating to politics in 2012.
Events
February
The Singaporean by-election was held
March
The Toi by-election was held in Niue.
April
The World Bank presidential election was won by Jim Yong Kim.
June
The United Nations General Assembly presidential election was held.
October
The United Nations Security Council election was held.
November
Xi Jinping succeeded Hu Jintao as General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and became the paramount leader of China in November 2012.
Deaths
January
Manuel Fraga Iribarne, Spanish politician (born 1922)
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro, 9th President of Italy (born 1918)
March
Francisco Xavier do Amaral, 1st President of East Timor (born 1937)
Ċensu Tabone, 4th President of Malta (born 1913)
George Tupou V, King of Tonga (born 1948)
April
Miguel de la Madrid, 52nd President of Mexico (born 1934)
Ahmed Ben Bella, 1st President of Algeria (born 1918)
May
May 11 - Alfred Diamant, American political scientist and academic (born 1917)
Elections
6 November - Democrat Barack Obama is re-elected president of the United States.
Local electoral calendar 2012
National electoral calendar 2012
Supranational electoral calendar 2012
See also
List of foreign ministers in 2012
References
Politics by year
21st century in politics
2010s in politics
David Vincent Wohlabaugh (born April 13, 1972 in Hamburg, New York) is a former American football center who played 9 seasons for three National Football League teams. They started in Super Bowl XXXI for the New England Patriots. Following the 1998 season, Wohlabaugh signed a 7-year contract with the expansion Cleveland Browns worth $26.25 million. At the time, this made Wohlabaugh the highest-paid center in NFL history.
1972 births
Living people
American football centers
Syracuse Orange football players
New England Patriots players
Cleveland Browns players
St. Louis Rams players
People from Hamburg, New York
Sportspeople from New York (state)
The Indian Voter ID Card (officially the Electronic Photo Identity Card (EPIC)) is an identity document issued by the Election Commission of India to adult domiciles of India who have reached the age of 18, which primarily serves as an identity proof for Indian citizens while casting their ballot in the country's municipal, state, and national elections. It also serves as general identity, address, and age proof for other purposes such as buying a mobile phone SIM card or applying for a passport. It also serves as a Travel Document to travel to Nepal and Bhutan by Land or Air It is also known as Electors Photo Identity Card (EPIC). It was first introduced in 1993 during the tenure of the Chief Election Commissioner T. N. Seshan.
Physical appearance
Initially, voter IDs were printed with black ink on regular paper and laminated. Starting in 2015, the Indian government started rolling out a less perishable PVC colour version, compliant with the ISO/IEC 7810 size standard used by most payment and ATM cards.
On the front, the Elector Photo Identity Card contains the voter's name, the name of a relative they have chosen (such as their father or mother), and the voter's picture, along with the voter's ID number. On the back of the card, the voter's home address is printed, along with an image of their Electoral Registration Officer's signature. The back also mentions the voter's electoral district and their assembly constituency. The newer series also contains a 'part number', which lets voters and election officials locate voters on their electoral roll.
Obtaining voter card
The voter card is issued to all Indian citizens who have attained the age of 18 years and qualify to be a voter. One has to apply on prescribed Form-6 of Election Commission attached with proof of ID, Indian nationality, age and residence.
Those of "unsound mind", convicted of "corrupt practices", or offenses related to elections are ineligible to vote.
Applicants have to submit paper Form-6 to their Booth Level officer (BLO) of the area.
Applicants can also apply online on the website of the chief electoral officer given for that State or can directly apply to the website named National Voter Service Portal (NVSP).
New Application and Correction
Applying for Voter ID or make changes in existing Voter ID is also possible online via NVS Portal. Online process is more convenient than offline process. Correction to existing voter ID can be done via NVS Portal using EPIC number. [17] Voter Helpline App also can be used for online application.16] Applicant does not have to visit the electoral office and online tracking of application status also possible. Online application process is quicker than offline process. Online ways made the process simpler than ever
Fake and defunct voter cards
Fake voter id cards have occasionally been used fraudulently for other purposes by dubious parties and individuals to suit their personal needs.
Validity
If a person moves his/her residence to another assembly/parliamentary constituency then he/she does not remain a valid voter of the previous constituency. The person has to register afresh as voter in the new assembly constituency. Hence a new card is issued to him/her and the old card becomes invalid.
Voting in India is a right, not a duty and hence the voter's identity card remains valid even after not casting ballot continuously in consecutive elections.
See also
Aadhaar
Aadhaar-enabled service delivery
References
Electoral reform in India
Elections in India
Identity documents of India
Pa Qaleh (, also Romanized as Pā Qal‘eh; also known as Pā'īn Qal‘eh, Pāi Qal‘eh, and Pa yi Qal‘eh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 138, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Arlon-Marche-Bastogne was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1900 and 1991.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Fighter Command: The Battle of Britain is a 1983 video game published by Strategic Simulations.
Gameplay
Fighter Command is a game in which aerial combat in the Battle of Britain is simulated.
Reception
Tom Cheche reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World, and stated that "Although FC includes a one day scenario, (Eagle Day), the beauty of the game is most apparent in the campaign scenario, which recreates the crucial period from mid-August to mid-September 1940."
Reviews
Computer and Video Games - Jan, 1986
ACE (Advanced Computer Entertainment) - Dec, 1987
References
External links
Review in Softalk
Review in Family Computing
Review in Compute!'s Gazette
Article in Computer Game Forum
Review in GAMES Magazine
Review in Aktueller Software Markt
Review in CU Amiga
1983 video games
Apple II games
Commodore 64 games
Computer wargames
Strategic Simulations games
Turn-based strategy video games
Video games about Nazi Germany
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in the United Kingdom
World War II video games
Frances Currey (1925–2012; also known as Grandma Fran and Frances Currey Brown) was an American folk art painter.
Early life and education
Frances Currey was born in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1925. They were raised on a farm in Jennings County, Indiana.
In the mid-1960s, Currey was a school teacher, teaching third grade in Liberty, Indiana. They had earned their master's degree at Ball State University in Elementary Education. They also studied for their doctorate, studying Alzheimer's disease at Earlham College. They married and had three children.
Mid-life and career
Currey would remarry, marrying George Brown. In the 1970s, Currey's son, James Clarkson, moved to Mississippi. Currey mailed their 2-year-old granddaughter postcards with drawings on them. Another artist recognized Currey's talent and encouraged them to start painting larger scale works and selling them. Thus, Currey and their husband opened an art studio in Berryville, Arkansas. They both sold their art in the studio.
In 1978, "Moving Day," was acquired by the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Around the same time, they submitted their work to a call for artists by Jimmy Carter. Them work was accepted and was displayed at Carter's cabin.
In 1981, Luci Baines Johnson commissioned their first painting from Currey. Johnson visited Currey's gallery while visiting the Ozark Mountains. The work, titled "T.J. Taylor -- Dealer in Everything," "depicts a normal day in the life" of T.J. Turpin, Johnson's husband's grandfather.
Currey was commissioned, in 1992, by the Shiloh Museum of Ozark History to create "Decoration Day," which depicts Memorial Day and the decorating of tombstones.
Later life and legacy
Currey was diagnosed as suffering from Alzheimer's disease in 2006. They were placed in a nursing home in 2009, in Eureka Springs, Arkansas. They died in December 2012 and was buried in Sylvan Abbey Memorial Park in Clearwater, Florida.
Work
Currey was a folk artist who painted depictions of their childhood in Indiana and every day life of living on a farm and small town. They had no formal training. Them work is story based. Currey would tell stories to visitors to the studio to accompany them paintings.
Notable collections
"Moving Day" - 1978, watercolor and pencil on paper, Smithsonian American Art Museum
References
Artists from Indianapolis
1925 births
2012 deaths
Ball State University alumni
Earlham College alumni
Folk artists
Painters from Indiana
American women painters
Artia is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1941. The entire group is endemic to New Caledonia in the SW Pacific, including the nearby Loyalty Islands. It is closely related to Parsonsia and Prestonia.
Species
Artia amieuensis Guillaumin
Artia balansae (Baill.) Pichon ex Guillaumin
Artia brachycarpa (Baill.) Boiteau
Artia francii (Guillaumin) Pichon
Artia lifuana (Baill.) Pichon ex Guillaumin - C New Caledonia + Loyalty Islands
Formerly included
Artia penangiana (King & Gamble) Pichon, syn of Parsonsia penangiana King & Gamble
References
Endemic flora of New Caledonia
Apocynaceae genera
Echiteae
Howard John Pocock (8 April 1921 – 10 August 2003) was an English amateur cricketer. They played for Kent County Cricket Club between 1947 and 1949.
Pocock was born at Maidstone in Kent in 1921 and was educated at Maidstone Grammar School. and was a member of The Mote cricket club in the town. They served in the Royal Army Service Corps of the British Army during World War II, reaching the rank of captain, and first played for Kent's Second XI in 1938, playing regularly in both that season and 1939. They made their full county debut following the war, playing seven first-class matches in 1946 and 1947. They scored a total of 118 runs and took one first-class wicket. Their highest score of 34 was made against Yorkshire in 1947, part of a fourth-wicket partnership of 97 runs with Arthur Fagg on a difficult, rain-affected pitch.
They were unable to play regularly, but continued to play for the Second XI until 1952, and was later a member of the club's General Committee. They chaired the Committee between 1978 and 1985 and was President of the club in 1988. Pocock was Chairman of the Cricket Committee in 1976 when Mike Denness was controversially sacked as captain, and met with Denness as part of the process.
Pocock was also Club Chairman during the period of World Series Cricket, and at the start of the 1978 season told four leading players, Derek Underwood, Bob Woolmer, Alan Knott and Asif Iqbal that their contracts would not be renewed for 1979. The decision was later retracted, but led to conflict with the players involved. In 1982 Knott, Underwood and Woolmer were once again the subject of consideration by the Kent committee after touring South Africa with a rebel England side. Once again the players' contracts were almost cancelled, but the committee considered it too expensive to do so; Pocock spoke in favour of the trio continuing to play for Kent. They were also chairperson when captain Graham Johnson left the club in 1985, but was influential in reinstating Asif Iqbal, who had been county captain before World Series Cricket, as Kent captain in 1981.
As a member of The Mote, Pocock was influential in Kent cricket circles. Another Chairman of Kent, Jim Woodhouse, described them as thinking that "he was god number two to Jim Swanton. Pocock was in business in Maidstone. died at Sutton Valence in Kent in 2003. They were aged 82.
References
1921 births
2003 deaths
Military personnel from Kent
Royal Army Service Corps officers
British Army personnel of World War II
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
Sportspeople from Maidstone
The Chocó vireo (Vireo masteri) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae that was discovered by Paul Salaman in 1991 and described in 1996. It is found in western Colombia and has recently been found in north-west Ecuador. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Discovery
The Chocó vireo was first observed on August 25, 1991, by Paul Salaman in western Nariño located in southwest Colombia. The site, located at an altitude of 1,500 meters (five thousand feet), was in a narrow strip of intact, very wet forest along the Rio Nambi, in the Chocó region which is famed for its high biological diversity. In early June, 1992, ornithologist Gary Stiles observed and collected this species while working in Alto de Pisones in Risaralda department. The bird was small, a little more than four inches, lightweight at 11.4 grams, and greenish in color with a broad, wide yellowish wing bar. It had a distinctive facial pattern with a long white stripe above its eye.
Salaman decided to take the novel approach of auctioning off the naming rights to the vireo's scientific name in order to raise money for conservation of the bird's habitat. Bernard Master, the first American birder to have seen a representative of every bird family in the world, won the auction with a bid of US$75,000 and named it Vireo masteri. This donation was used to create the Pangan ProAves Reserve in Colombia.
References
Chocó vireo
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Chocó vireo
Chocó vireo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Adlan Bisultanov (born 15 August 1989) is a Russian judoka.
 They are the gold medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Antalya in the -100 kg category.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Russian male judoka
20th-century Russian people
21st-century Russian people
The 2019 Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded to the Austrian writer Peter Handke (born 1942) "for an influential work that with linguistic ingenuity has explored the periphery and the specificity of human experience." The prize was announced by the Swedish Academy on 10 October 2019.
Handke is the second Austrian Nobel laureate in Literature after Elfriede Jelinek, who won the prize in 2004.
Laureate
Peter Handke is one of the most influential writers in Europe after the Second World War. Their bibliography contains novels, essays, note books, dramatic works and screenplays. Already in the 1960s, Handke set their mark on the literary scene. They distanced themselves from prevailing demands on community-oriented and political positions. Their works are filled with a strong desire to discover and to bring their discoveries to life by finding new literary expressions for them. One of their books is A Sorrow Beyond Dreams (1972), written after their mother's suicide. Among their important works are Offending the Audience (1966), The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick (1970), The Left-Handed Woman (1976), and The Moravian Night.
Nominees
Betting Odds Nominees
Among the strongest contenders for the 2018 and 2019 Nobel Prize in Literature were the following authors:
Reactions
The decision of the Nobel Committee to award Handke a Nobel Prize in literature in 2019 was denounced internationally by a variety of public and academic intellectuals, writers and journalists. Criticism focuses on the writer's view on the breakup of Yugoslavia and Yugoslav Wars, which has been described as pro-Serbian, their support of the late Slobodan Milošević, and Bosnian genocide denial. The high-profile figures who decried the decision of the Swedish Academy include individuals such as Deborah Lipstadt, Holocaust historian, who in their letter published in The New York Times wrote that the Nobel committee has awarded Handke a platform which "he does not deserve and the public does not need them to have", adding that such platform could convince some that their "false claims must have some legitimacy"; Jonathan Littell, who said "he might be a fantastic artist, but as a human being they are my enemy – he's an asshole"; Miha Mazzini, who said that "some artists sold their human souls for ideologies (Hamsun and Nazism), some for hate (Céline and their rabid antisemitism), some for money and power (Kusturica) but the one that offended me the most was Handke with their naivety for the Milošević regime. ... I found them cruel and totally self-absorbed in their naivety"; Hari Kunzru, who said that Handke is "a troubling choice for a Nobel committee" and that they are "a fine writer, who combines great insight with shocking ethical blindness"; Salman Rushdie, who also criticized Handke's support for wartime Serbia in 1999; and Slavoj Žižek, Aleksandar Hemon, Bora Ćosić, and others.
The award was met with negative criticism in Kosovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Albania, Croatia, and Turkey, resulting in public statements of disapproval. Expressing "deep regret", the decision was condemned by PEN International, PEN America, PEN England and Wales, PEN Norway, PEN Bosnia and Herzegovina, PEN Croatia. A group of demonstrators protested against the writer when they arrived to receive the prize. Mothers of Srebrenica protested against the award with messages to oppose the "spreading lies", while Women – Victims of War association from Republika Srpska organized a rally in Stockholm in support of Handke, saying that they support all people "who speak accurately and correctly and who think with their head".
Support for Handke came from Jon Fosse, former recipient of the Ibsen Award, who welcomed the decision of the Swedish Academy (Nobel Committee deciding on laureates in literature) to award Handke the Nobel Prize, saying that they were a worthy recipient and deserved it. The Nobel laureate Elfriede Jelinek said: "The great poet Handke has earned the Nobel prize 10 times." Norwegian novelist Karl Ove Knausgård reacted to the Nobel Prize for Handke: "I can't think of a more obvious Nobel laureate than him." They added that the Austrian had written masterpieces in every decade of their career. Olga Tokarczuk, who was awarded the Nobel Prize for 2018 at the same ceremony, said they were proud to be with Handke, whom they greatly value, and tо the fact that both awards go to Central Europe. Award-winning filmmakers Wim Wenders and Emir Kusturica publicly congratulated Handke and traveled to Stockholm for the award ceremony to support him. Austrian president Alexander Van der Bellen called Handke's voice "unfussy and unique … We have a lot to thank Peter Handke for. I hope they know that."
Both the Swedish academy and Nobel Committee for Literature members defended their decision to award Handke the Nobel prize. Academy members Mats Malm and Eric M. Runesson wrote in the Swedish paper Dagens Nyheter that Handke had "definitely made provocative, inappropriate and unclear statements on political issues" but that they had "found nothing in what they have written that involves attacks on civil society or respect for the equal value of all people". The Swedish Academy quoted an article published in Libération and the Süddeutsche Zeitung in 2006, in which Handke said that "the Srebrenica massacre was the worst crime against humanity in Europe since World War II". Additionally, Handke stated the following in 2019 through the publishing house Suhrkamp Verlag: "In 2006 I wrote: 'Srebrenica massacre was the worst crime against humanity in Europe since World War II'. I would like to add: of course the genocide has caused infinite suffering, which I have never denied. A suffering that cannot be extinguished by anything. I regret my remarks, should they have conveyed something else." Nobel for literature member Henrik Petersen described Handke as "radically unpolitical" in their writings and that this support for Serbs had been misunderstood, while Rebecka Kärde said: "When we give the award to Handke, we argue that the task of literature is other than to confirm and reproduce what society's central view believes is morally right" adding that the author "absolutely deserves a Nobel Prize."
The Intercept published a number of articles by Peter Maass criticizing Peter Handke's Nobel Prize in Literature reception because of their attitudes towards the Srebrenica massacre committed by the Bosnian Serbs. In another article by Intercept, Maass went to great length to call Handke an "exponent of white nationalism". Subsequently, in an interview conducted by Maass in December 2019, asking Handke whether the 1995 Srebrenica massacre (8,000 unarmed Muslim men and boys were killed by the Bosnian Serb Army of Republika Srpska) had happened, Handke responded: "I prefer toilet paper, an anonymous letter with toilet paper inside, to your empty and ignorant questions." Maass also claims that two Nobel prize jurors were adhering to conspiracy theories with regard to American involvement in the Balkan conflict and that they were "misinformed" about Handke's literary achievements. Germany's Eugen Ruge also protested against the scale of the criticism. In November 2019, around 120 authors, literary scholars, translators, and artists expressed their unease in an open letter. They felt that the criticism against Handke was no longer rational. The letter stated that the criticism of Handke "consists almost entirely of hatred, resentment, insinuations, distortions and the like. It has degenerated into anti-Handke propaganda."
On December 10, 2019, Christina Doctare participated in a demonstration at Norrmalmstorg in Stockholm wherein they returned their Nobel Peace Prize medal from 1988, which they were awarded jointly in their capacity as a member of the United Nations peacekeeping forces. "The academy has shown arrogance, ignorance and a lack of knowledge by giving Handke the award," they said. "Literature can never be above war crimes. Those who say so have blood on their hands."
Banville's "Prank Call"
A man impersonating Malm rang the novelist John Banville on the day that the Swedish Academy intended to announce the recipients of the 2019 and 2018 Nobel Prizes in Literature. The man purporting to be Malm told Banville they had won and even read out the customary citation and asked if they would prefer to be designated the 2018 or 2019 laureate. Banville was attending a physiotherapy appointment at the time and was lying face down on a couch when the call came. They informed their daughter; they called their father back while watching the live announcement at midday to tell them their name had not been mentioned. After the announcement, a voicemail to Banville (again from the man posing as Malm) claimed the Swedish Academy had withdrawn their prize due a disagreement. Banville felt sorry for the man purporting to be Malm: "He certainly sounded upset, they were a very good actor". But they later compared the voice of the speaker to that of the real Malm, at which point they realised that neither man sounded alike. However, despite this, when Banville rang the number back they found themselves in contact with the offices of the Swedish Academy.
Nobel Committee
The Swedish Academy's Nobel Committee for the 2018 and 2019 Nobel Prize in Literature were the following members:
Swedish Academy members
Anders Olsson, chair; Seat 4
Kristina Lugn, Seat 14
Jesper Svenbro, Seat 8
Per Wästberg, Seat 12
Mats Malm, associate member and permanent secretary; Seat 11
External members
Kristoffer Leandoer – author, critic and translator
Gun-Britt Sundström – author, translator and critic
Rebecka Kärde – critic and translator
Mikaela Blomqvist – critic of literature and theatre
Henrik Petersen – critic, translator and publisher
Notes
References
External links
Price Announcement nobelprize.org
Award Ceremony Speech nobelprize.org
Nobel Prize in Literature
Peter Handke
Birger Eklund (22 October 1929 – 6 December 2015) was a Swedish footballer. They made 128 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored 38 goals.
Honours
Club
Djurgårdens IF
Allsvenskan (2): 1954–55, 1959
References
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
1929 births
2015 deaths
Association football forwards
Miles Evergood (10 January 1871 – 3 January 1939) was an Australian artist who achieved renown in Europe and the United States, as well as their native country. They were the father of American artist Philip Evergood.
Biography
Evergood was born Myer Blashki in Melbourne, eleventh child of Phillip Blashki, manufacturer of masonic regalia and jeweller, and their wife Hannah, née Immergut.
Evergood was educated at the Melbourne Hebrew Day School and Angel College, later crediting their ability to write and to argue to influential teachers there, especially Rev. Jacob Goldstein. Goldstein in 1908 wrote a front-page article about Evergood in the New York Hebrew Standard. They studied at the National Gallery School of Art under Frederick McCubbin and Bernard Hall between 1893 and 1895. Their friends and colleagues were the group who exhibited the first recognisable style of Australian painting. They included Max Meldrum, George Coates, and James Quinn, who formed themselves into bohemian clubs to discuss contemporary concerns like socialism and the rights of the individual.
Evergood exhibited at the Victorian Artists Society, and the Royal Art Society of New South Wales, Sydney, before leaving for the United States in 1898 together with fellow-artist Frank (Francis) McComas. They worked for the Hearst newspapers in San Francisco before moving on to New York City, where they exhibited and was subsequently invited to be a member of both the Salamgundi and Lotos Clubs. They went to London, where they married Flora Jane Perry, whom they had probably met in Sydney. The family moved to New York, where art critics Henri Pene du Bois and James Huneker wrote glowingly of their works. as did Hanna Astrup Larsen in the glossy journal International Studio. Miles and Flora had one child, named Philip Howard Francis Dixon Blashki (1901-1973). In 1910 Miles exhibited five paintings in the first exhibition of the Society of Independent Artists held in New York.
For about twenty years they regularly visited Europe, establishing a good reputation as a painter. After returning with the family to live in England in 1910. in 1914 they their landscape was hung the Paris Salon. For eight years they exhibited with the International Society, at Burlington House, with the Society of Painters and 'Gravers and the New English Arts Club. They changed their name to Miles Evergood about 1914 in London, to enable their son Philip to get a commission in the British Navy. Then-Lord of the Admiralty, Winston Churchill wrote a handwritten reply to their query, suggesting that "Blashki" was not a suitable name for an officer in an Anglo Saxon navy.
Evergood returned to Australia in July 1931 and worked for eighteen months in Queensland and became a member of the Royal Queensland Art Society. They then went to Sydney and then Melbourne holding exhibitions of their work, and died of cancer in Melbourne on 3 January 1939. Evergood was a capable artist, who mostly painted landscapes in oil with affinities to the post impressionists. They left a de facto partner, Pauline Konitzer Romero, and their son, Philip Evergood, who became an artist living in America, substantially eclipsing the career of their father Miles.
References
Bibliography
External links
Miles Evergood at the National Gallery of Victoria
1871 births
1939 deaths
Australian Jews
Australian people of Polish-Jewish descent
Deaths from cancer in Victoria (Australia)
Artists from Melbourne
20th-century Australian painters
20th-century Australian male artists
Australian male painters
Aladár Dobsa (28 December 1931 – 1 October 2016) was a Hungarian sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1931 births
2016 deaths
Hungarian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Hungary
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Komló
Sportspeople from Baranya County
Jean-Marc Augustin (born 7 April 1965) is a French boxer. They competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
French male boxers
Olympic boxers of France
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boxers from Paris
Bantamweight boxers
The 1961 Jordan League was the 14th season of Jordan Premier League, the top-flight league for Jordanian association football clubs. Al-Faisaly won its 5th title.
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
John Richard Egers (January 28, 1949 – September 10, 2021) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger.
Originally drafted in 1966 by the New York Rangers, Egers would also play for the St. Louis Blues and Washington Capitals. Egers was an original member of the Capitals, who claimed them in the 1974 NHL Expansion Draft. They hold the distinction of scoring the first game-winning goal for the team, on October 17, 1974, against the Chicago Black Hawks.
Egers are later a captain in the Kitchener Fire Department. They died at the age of 72 on September 10, 2021.
References
External links
Profile at hockeydraftcentral.com
1949 births
2021 deaths
Baltimore Clippers players
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Kitchener Rangers players
New York Rangers draft picks
New York Rangers players
Omaha Knights (CHL) players
St. Louis Blues players
Sportspeople from Greater Sudbury
Washington Capitals players
Jochen Herbert Drees (born 15 March 1970) is a former German football referee who is based in Münster-Sarmsheim. They refereed for SV Blau Weiß Münster-Sarmsheim of the Southwest German Football Association.
Refereeing career
Drees was referee for SV Blau Weiß Münster-Sarmsheim, and officiated on the DFB level since 2001. In 2003, they were appointed to officiate in the 2. Bundesliga. Drees became a Bundesliga referee at the start of the 2005–06 season, replacing the retired Torsten Koop. Their first Bundesliga appearance was on 24 September 2005 in the match between VfL Wolfsburg and Eintracht Frankfurt. They were chosen as a fourth official for the referee team led by Herbert Fandel for the 2006 DFB-Pokal Final between Eintracht Frankfurt and Bayern Munich.
On 11 April 2008, Drees abandoned the Bundesliga match between 1. FC Nürnberg and VfL Wolfsburg due to heavy rain. It was the first Bundesliga match abandoned since 1976, and the first because of rain. It was only the sixth match abandoned in the history of the Bundesliga.
Drees retired from officiating in 2017 because they reached the age limit for German referees, which is 47. Their final Bundesliga match officiated was between Bayern Munich and SC Freiburg.
Personal life
In 1989, Drees graduated from the Stefan-George-Gymnasium in Bingen am Rhein. From 1990 to 1997, they studied medicine at the University of Mainz. Since 2001, Drees has been in the practise of their father, who retired in 2003, working as a general practitioner. Drees lives in Münster-Sarmsheim.
References
External links
Profile at dfb.de
Profile at worldfootball.net
Medical practice homepage
1970 births
Living people
German general practitioners
German football referees
Vazha-Pshavela (ვაჟა–ფშაველა) is a 2011 Georgian Biographical novel by author Miho Mosulishvili.
Anniversaries with which UNESCO is associated in 2010-2011
The General Conference, by its 35C/Resolution 72, approved the following list of anniversaries with which UNESCO is associated in 2010-2011 (listed in the French alphabetical order of Member States):
(24) 150th anniversary of the birth of Vaja-Pshavela, writer (1861-1915) (Georgia)
150th anniversary of the birth of Vaja-Pshavela
150th anniversary of the birth of Vaja-Pshavela, writer (1861-1915):
Vaja-Pshavela (the pseudonym of Luka Razikashvili, 1861-1915) was a Georgian thinker, poet and writer. Vaja-Pshavela's poetry represents the summit of nineteenth-century Georgian realism.
They were born in the small Pshavian village of Chargali. They graduated from teachers' seminary and studied law at Saint Petersburg University. Vaja-Pshavela wrote most of their verses, poems and stories in the vicinity of their native village. Their works are mainly devoted to human relationships towards the material world. The national epic works of Georgian poetry in the nineteenth century and the revival of poetic epos are also connected with their name. Heroism, tragedy and humanity define the epic creativity of Vaja-Pshavela. Their poems and narrative stories are widely translated into a number of languages.
Outline
This biographical novel will we know what to look like Vaja-Pshavela: from ancient Greek mythology characters Laocoön, the divine poet Homer and the genius Italian composer Giuseppe Verdi.
We see that it easily can be compared to the same level in creativity: Ovid, Goethe, Shakespeare, Robert Burns; but we see also how the original is Vaja-Pshavela and how many greatest are its meaning in today's world, whether is involved in the confrontation of East-West.
The book Vaja-Pshavela (And Phelypaea coccinea looks in chasm)''' show new version of life Vaja-Pshavela and unique style of their thinking.
The discovery may be regarded as the author's observation that the five epic poems of Vaja-Pshavela (Aluda Ketelauri (1888), Bakhtrioni (1892), Host and Guest (1893), The avenger of the blood (1897), Snake eater (1901)) is based on the principle Golden ratio, thus these poems resembles the works of Ancient and Renaissance authors.
Miho Mosulishvili asserts, that Vaja-Pshavela rising from the depth of creativity of Georgian mythology, which makes it original event on background of the world's literature and will significantly increase the magnitude of Georgian literature.
Characters
Vaja-Pshavela Ilia Chavchavadze Giuseppe Verdi Akaki Tsereteli Ernest Hemingway Titsian Tabidze Johann Wolfgang von Goethe AnandavardhanaAnd others.
Awards
October 8, 2011 - Gala (literary prize) in nomination: 'The best handbook'
Release details
2011, Georgia, ვაჟა–ფშაველა'' (), Pub. date 25 May 2011, Hardcover (First edition - in Georgian)
References
External links
Annotation for book of Miho Mosulishvili 'Vazha-Pshavela (And Phelypaea coccinea looks in chasm)'
Važa-Pʻšavela
Važa-Pʻšavela
GALA Awards Ceremony in Renewed National Museum
Literature of Georgia (country)
2011 novels
Biographical novels
Georgian novels
Works by Miho Mosulishvili
Softaculous is a commercial script library that automates the installation of commercial and open source web applications to a website. Softaculous scripts are executed from the administration area of a website control panel, typically via an interface tool such as cPanel, Plesk, H-Sphere, DirectAdmin and InterWorx. Softaculous applications typically create tables in a database, install software, adjust permissions, and modify web server configuration files.
Softaculous targets open-source software and is available in Free and Premium license versions. The free version supports 46 scripts. The Premium version has 436 scripts and 1115 PHP Classes. The premium license version costs $1/month for virtual servers and $2/month for dedicated server. Discounted prices are available to Softaculous NOC partners, or through web hosts.
See also
Installatron – a Softaculous competitor.
Fantastico (web hosting) – a Softaculous competitor.
Integrated hosting control panels
cPanel
DirectAdmin
Plesk
Interworx
References
External links
Web hosting
Dhawalagiri Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising four districts, namely, Baglung, Mustang, Myagdi and Parbat. Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Dhawalagiri Zone.
Dhawalagiri Zone
List of monuments in Baglung District
List of monuments in Myagdi District
List of monuments in Mustang District
List of monuments in Parbat District
References
Dhawalagiri Zone
Dhaulagiri Zone
Ianbruceite is a rare hydrated zinc arsenate with the formula [Zn2(OH)(H2O)(AsO4)](H2O)2; material from the Driggith mine has traces of cobalt. It was first discovered at Tsumeb, approved by the International Mineralogical Association as a new mineral species in 2011, reference IMA2011-49, and named for Ian Bruce, who founded "Crystal Classics" in the early 1990s, and was heavily involved in attempts to reopen the famous Tsumeb mine for specimen mining.
In 2013 new occurrences of ianbruceite were reported from the neighbouring Driggith and Potts Gill mines on High Pike in the Caldbeck Fells, Cumbria, England. Here the mineral is probably a post-mining product. Caldbeck Fells and Tsumeb are the only reported localities for ianbruceite to date (May 2013).
Structure
There are four formula units per unit cell (Z = 4). Unit cell parameters are the lengths of the sides of the unit cell, a, b and c, and the angle β between the a and c crystal axes. For ianbruceite a = 11.793 Å, b = 9.1138 Å, c = 6.8265 Å, and β = 103.859°. It belongs in the monoclinic, prismatic crystal Class 2/m, with space group P21/c.
Ianbruceite consists of layers with composition [Zn2(OH)(H2O)(AsO4)] alternating with an inter-layer space containing loosely bound water molecules. The arsenic is tetrahedrally coordinated by four oxygen anions.
Appearance
Ianbruceite occurs as aggregates of tiny, radiating, lath-like crystals with a distinctive diamond-shaped outline, up to 0.2 mm across. Material from Tsumeb is blue, ranging from a very pale color to deep blue. Material from the Caldbeck Fells is white to pale pink. The crystals have a vitreous luster and a white streak.
Optical properties
The refractive indices of ianbruceite are similar to that of ordinary window glass, with nα = 1.601, nβ = 1.660 and nγ = 1.662. The refractive index varies with the wavelength (color) of light, so the positions of the optic axes in biaxial crystals, and the angle 2V between them, will change when the color of the incident light is changed. This effect may be expressed in the form r > v, indicating that the angle 2V is greater for red than for violet light, or vice versa. For ianbruceite 2V is greater for violet light than for red light, v > r. The angle 2V has been measured as 18°; it can also be calculated from the values of the refractive indices α, β and γ, giving a value of 20°. The mineral does not fluoresce in ultraviolet light.
Physical properties
Cleavage is perfect parallel to (100). Crystals of ianbruceite are flexible and deform plastically. The mineral is very soft, with Mohs hardness only 1, the same as talc. Measurements of the specific gravity have not been reported, but from the formula and the cell dimensions it has been calculated as 3.197. It is insoluble in dilute acid, which distinguishes it from hydrozincite and aragonite, which are also supergene minerals that form white crusts. The loosely bound water between the layers is easily lost, so the mineral may effloresce. It also readily absorbs alcohol.
Occurrence
The type locality is the Tsumeb Mine, Otjikoto Region, Namibia. Type material is conserved in the Department of Natural History, Royal Ontario Museum, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, catalogue number M53150.
At localities in the Caldbeck Fells ianbruceite occurs as a late-stage supergene mineral in fractures in partly oxidised sulfide-rich carbonate or quartz-carbonate matrix. The mines of Caldbeck Fells are famous for their supergene minerals.
Driggith and Potts Gill Mines worked low temperature lead-zinc-copper veins on the eastern and northern slopes of High Pike. Arsenopyrite is abundant there, and its oxidation in veins that also contain primary lead, zinc and copper sulfides has produced a range of supergene arsenates.
At the Driggith Mine, Caldbeck Fells, Cumbria, on dumps from the 30 fathom level, radiating aggregates of lath-like crystals of ianbruceite have been found in fractures in quartz-dolomite matrix with sphalerite, chalcopyrite and cobalt-bearing köttigite as rounded pink aggregates, or more rarely pale pink to colorless monoclinic blades, as well as irregular black patches of a cobalt-bearing manganese oxide, adamite and an unidentified copper silicate.
At the nearby Potts Gill Mine, Caldbeck Fells, Cumbria, on dumps from the Endeavor level, it has been found as minute, pearly, lath-like crystals in fractures in arsenopyrite-rich dolomite. One block of material contained abundant marcasite, galena, sphalerite and minor fine-grained arsenopyrite, in dolomitic matrix.
In Namibia ianbruceite has been found in the zinc pocket at the 44 Level, Tsumeb Mine, as sky blue to very pale blue platy crystals associated with leiteite, köttigite, legrandite and adamite. It occurs as thin platy crystals up to 80 μm long and a few μm thick, which form flattened aggregates up to 0.10 mm across, and ellipsoidal aggregates up to 0.5 mm across, associated with coarse white leiteite, dark blue köttigite, minor legrandite and adamite.
References
Zinc minerals
Arsenates
Monoclinic minerals
Minerals in space group 14
Minerals described in 2011
August Heinrich Hoffmann (, calling themselves von Fallersleben, after their hometown; 2 April 179819 January 1874) was a German poet.  They are best known for writing "Das Lied der Deutschen", whose third stanza is now the national anthem of Germany, and a number of popular children's songs, considered part of the Young Germany movement.
Biography
Hoffmann was born in Fallersleben in Lower Saxony, then in the duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
The son of a merchant and mayor of their native city, they were educated at the classical schools of Helmstedt and Braunschweig, and afterwards at the universities of Göttingen and Bonn. Their original intention was to study theology, but they soon devoted themselves entirely to literature. In 1823 they were appointed custodian of the university library at Breslau, a post which they held till 1838. They were also made extraordinary professor of the German language and literature at that university in 1830, and ordinary professor in 1835. Hoffmann was deprived of their chair in 1842 in consequence of their Unpolitische Lieder (1840–1841, "Unpolitical Songs"), which gave much offence to the authorities in Prussia.
During their exile, they traveled in Germany, Switzerland and Italy, and lived for two or three years in Mecklenburg, of which they became a naturalized citizen. After the revolution of 1848 they were enabled to return to Prussia, where they were restored to their rights, and received the salary attached to a promised office not yet vacant. They married in 1849, and during the next ten years lived first in Bingerbrück, afterwards in Neuwied, and then in Weimar, where together with Oskar Schade (1826–1906) they edited the Weimarische Jahrbuch (1854–1857).
In 1860 they were appointed librarian to Victor I, Duke of Ratibor at the monasterial castle of Corvey near Höxter on the Weser, where they died in 1874.
Works
Hoffmann von Fallersleben was one of the most popular poets of their time. In politics they ardently sympathized with progressive tendencies, and they were among the earliest and most effective of the political poets who paved the way for the revolution of 1848. As a poet, however, they acquired distinction chiefly by the ease, simplicity and grace with which they gave expression to the passions and aspirations of daily life. Although they had not been academically trained in music, they composed melodies for many of their songs, and a considerable number of them are sung by all classes in every part of Germany.
Among the best known is the patriotic "Das Lied der Deutschen" which starts with the words Deutschland, Deutschland über alles and is set to a 1797 tune by Joseph Haydn. The lyrics were written in 1841 on the island of Helgoland, then in British possession. The text of the song expresses the pan-German sentiments common to revolutionary republicans of the period, which were considered inflammatory and treasonous in the German-speaking principalities. The phrase über alles at that time did not refer to militant ideas of conquest of foreign countries, but to the need for loyalty to a united Germany above regional loyalties.
The best of Hoffmann von Fallersleben's poetical writings is their Gedichte ("Poems", 1827), but there is great merit also in their other works:
Alemannische Lieder ("Alemannic Songs", 1826),
Soldatenleben ("Soldier's Life", 1852),
Rheinleben ("Rhine Life", 1865), and in theirs
Fünfzig neue Kinderlieder ("Fifty New Children's Songs"), and
Alte und neue Kinder ("Old and New Children's Songs").
Many of their children's songs are still popular, and are known by nearly every German child, including "Alle Vögel sind schon da", "Ein Männlein steht im Walde", "Summ, summ, summ", "Winters Abschied" ("Winter ade, scheiden tut weh"), "Kuckuck, Kuckuck, ruft's aus dem Wald", "Der Kuckuck und der Esel", "A, a, a, der Winter der ist da", "Der Frühling hat sich eingestellt", and the Christmas song "Morgen kommt der Weihnachtsmann".
Hoffmann von Fallersleben's Unpolitische Lieder ("Apolitical songs"), Deutsche Lieder aus der Schweiz ("German Songs from Switzerland") and Streiflichter ("Highlights") are interesting mainly in relation to the movements of the age in which they were written.
As a student of ancient Teutonic literature, Hoffmann von Fallersleben ranks among the most persevering and cultivated of German scholars. Some of their findings are embodied in their Horae Belgicae ("Belgian hours"), Fundgruben für Geschichte deutscher Sprache und Literatur ("Sources for the History of German Language and Literature"), Altdeutsche Blätter ("Old German Papers"), and Spenden zur deutschen Literaturgeschichte und Findlinge ("Contributions to German literary history and finds").
Their editions of historic works include:
Reineke Vos,
Monumenta Elnonensia and
Theophilus.
Die deutsche Philologie im Grundriss ("Fundamentals of German Philology", 1836) was at the time of its publication a valuable contribution to philological research, and historians of German literature still attach importance to theirs
Geschichte des deutschen Kirchenliedes bis auf Luther ("History of the German Church Song up to Luther", 1832; 3rd ed.: 1861);
Unsere volkstümlichen Lieder ("Our Folk Songs", 3rd ed.: 1869) and
Die deutschen Gesellschaftslieder des 16. und 17. Jahrh. ("German Society Songs of the 16th and 17th Centuries", 2nd ed.: 1860).
In 1868–1870, Hoffmann published an autobiography in six volumes, Mein Leben: Aufzeichnungen und Erinnerungen ("My Life: Notes and Memories"; abbreviated ed. in 2 vols.: 1894). Their Gesammelte Werke ("Collected Works") in 8 volumes were edited by H. Gerstenberg (1891–1894); their Ausgewählte Werke ("Selected Works") in 4 volumes by H. Benzmann (1905). See also Briefe von Hoffmann von Fallersleben und Moritz Haupt an Ferdinand Wolf ("Letters of Hoffmann von Fallersleben and Moritz Haupt to Ferdinand Wolf", 1874); J. M. Wagner, Hoffmann von Fallersleben, 1818–1868 (1869–1870), and R. von Gottschall, Porträts und Studien ("Portraits and Studies", vol. 5, 1876).
See also
Deutschlandlied
Sequence of Saint Eulalia
Notes
External links
Selected texts at Project Gutenberg (in German)
1798 births
1874 deaths
People from Wolfsburg
People from the Electorate of Hanover
German poets
German scholars
German revolutionaries
People of the Revolutions of 1848
University of Breslau faculty
University of Göttingen alumni
University of Bonn alumni
University of Helmstedt alumni
National anthem writers
German male writers
German-language poets
German librarians
Dark Shadows: Clothes of Sand is a Big Finish Productions original dramatic reading based on the long-running American horror soap opera series Dark Shadows.
Plot
From the Big Finish website:
"When Maggie Evans is taken to the Windcliff Institute, they begin their recovery from the ordeal they suffered at the hands of Barnabas Collins. As they undergo hypnosis, disturbing memories of their childhood being to surface. Who was the imaginary friend who once watched over her, and what threat do they prose for Maggie's future?"
Cast
Maggie Evans – Kathryn Leigh Scott
The Sandman – Alec Newman
External links
Dark Shadows - Clothes of Sand
Dark Shadows audio plays
2008 audio plays
Symphony No. 4 in G minor, Op. 167, was composed by Joachim Raff in the spring and summer of 1871, during the time of the Franco-Prussian War. The work was published in October 1872. Like their Second Symphony, it does not carry a descriptive title and there is no evidence that Raff had a particular programme in mind when they wrote the symphony.
Following the success of their Third Symphony and the opera , the orchestras were eager to perform Raff's new symphony. It received its premiere on 8 February 1872 in a concert at the Royal Hoftheatre in Wiesbaden, conducted by Wilhelm Jahn, followed by more performances later that year. On 25 October it was performed in Frankfurt under the baton of Karl Müller and six days later it was performed at the Leipzig Gewandhaus conducted by Raff. The work was also performed in Brussels in February 1873 conducted by Henri Vieuxtemps.
Despite its success, the work was overshadowed by Raff's Fifth Symphony, which ultimately became their most successful symphony during their lifetime.
Instrumentation
The symphony is scored for 2 flutes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, triangle and strings.
Structure
The work is structured in the traditional symphony form of four movements:
Allegro (G minor)
Allegro molto (E-flat major)
Andante, non troppo mosso (C minor)
Allegro (G minor)
A typical performance lasts for about 30–35 minutes.
References
Notes
Sources
Symphonies by Joachim Raff
1871 compositions
Compositions in G minor
Linus Karlsson (born 16 November 1999) is a Swedish ice hockey centre who is currently playing as a prospect with the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). Karlsson was selected in the third round, 87th overall, of the 2018 NHL Entry Draft by the San Jose Sharks.
Playing career
Karlsson began playing with the Boro/Vetlanda club at different junior levels before they started playing at senior level (in the fourth tier of Swedish ice hockey) during the 2015–16 season. Karlsson signed with the Karlskrona HK organization for the 2017–18 season, and subsequently made their Swedish Hockey League debut with Karlskrona during the 2017–18 SHL season. On 25 February 2019, their NHL rights were traded to the Vancouver Canucks in exchange for Jonathan Dahlén.
On 27 May 2022, Karlsson was signed to a two-year, entry-level contract with the Vancouver Canucks.
Career statistics
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
BIK Karlskoga players
Karlskrona HK players
People from Eksjö Municipality
San Jose Sharks draft picks
Skellefteå AIK players
Swedish ice hockey centres
Sportspeople from Jönköping County
That's What Friends Are For is a song by the British rock band Slade, released in 1987 as the second single from their fourteenth studio album You Boyz Make Big Noize. The song was written by lead vocalist Noddy Holder and bassist Jim Lea, and produced by Roy Thomas Baker. It reached No. 95 in the UK, remaining in the charts for the one week.
Background
Slade began writing and recording material for their You Boyz Make Big Noize album in 1986. Hoping to record a hit album that would put them back in the public eye, the lead single "Still the Same" was released in February 1987 but stalled just inside the UK Top 75. In choosing the next single, RCA selected "That's What Friends Are For",. which was released in April 1987, a week prior to the release of You Boyz Make Big Noize. It reached No. 95 in the UK, and would be the band's last UK release under RCA.
"That's What Friends Are For" was one of two tracks from the album to be produced by Roy Thomas Baker. Initially it was planned for Baker to produce the entire album, but Slade felt their working methods were too lengthy and expensive. Prior to the single's release, in a 1987 fan club interview, guitarist Dave Hill said: ""That's What Friends Are For" looks to be the next single, mainly because there's a certain person up at RCA who is going wally over it." Describing the song, Hill said: "This is a 'scarf waver' type of number".
Release
"That's What Friends Are For" was released on 7" and 12" vinyl by RCA Records in the UK only. In Europe, it was given a 12" vinyl release, and a 7" vinyl release in Australia and New Zealand. The B-side, "Wild Wild Party", had first appeared on the soundtrack of the 1986 British film Knights & Emeralds, along with "We Won't Give In". It would later appear on the band's 2007 compilation B-Sides.
On the 12" single, three B-sides were included: "Hi Ho Silver Lining," "Wild Wild Party" and "Lock Up Your Daughters (Live)". The band's cover of "Hi Ho Silver Lining" was taken from the band's 1985 album Crackers: The Christmas Party Album, while "Lock Up Your Daughters" was taken from the band's 1982 live album Slade on Stage.
Promotion
No music video was filmed to promote the single. In the UK, the band performed the song on the BBC children's show The Krankies Elektronik Komik.
Critical reception
Upon release, "That's What Friends Are For" was a single reviewed on BBC Radio One's Singles Out programme on 18 April. The single received a thumbs up by Welsh singer/presenter Aled Jones, Dominica calypso musician The Wizzard and English radio broadcaster Janice Long. In a review of You Boyz Make Big Noize, Kerrang! felt the song, as with the rest of the album, bore the "unmistakable Slade stamp" with "stomp-along, shout-it-out choruses", but also commented that it "leans heavily on the sentimental".
Formats
7" Single
"That's What Friends Are For" - 3:17
"Wild Wild Party" - 2:55
12" Single
"That's What Friends Are For" - 3:17
"Hi Ho Silver Lining" - 3:24
"Wild Wild Party" - 2:55
"Lock Up Your Daughters (Live)" - 4:03
Chart performance
Personnel
Slade
Noddy Holder - lead vocals
Jim Lea - synthesizer, bass, backing vocals, producer of all B-Sides
Dave Hill - lead guitar, backing vocals
Don Powell - drums
Additional personnel
Roy Thomas Baker - producer of "That's What Friends Are For"
Quick On The Draw Ltd. - design
References
1987 singles
1987 songs
Slade songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Noddy Holder
Songs written by Jim Lea
Song recordings produced by Roy Thomas Baker
Yultimirovka () is a rural locality (a village) in Diyashevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 274 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Yultimirovka is located 21 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mikhaylovka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Gabriel Arya (fl. late 7th century), also called Gabriel Qaṭraya, was a biblical exegete who wrote in Syriac. The byname Qaṭraya indicates that they were a native of Beth Qaṭraye (Qatar). Arya, the Syriac for lion, is probably a nickname. They were a member of the Church of the East.
Gabriel was a relative of Isaac of Nineveh, who became bishop around 680. According to a Syrian Orthodox source, Patriarch Giwargis I (c.659–680) met Isaac on a visit to Beth Qaṭraye and brought them back to Beth Aramaye because Gabriel was active there. This source refers to Gabriel as an "interpreter of the church". It is probable therefore that Gabriel is the same person as the Gabriel Qaṭraya mentioned in the nomocanon of Gabriel of Basra. This work survives only in fragments, but a now lost manuscript from Siirt (no. 67) contained a passage stating that Gabriel had taught at the school of Mahoze in Beth Aramaye and the future patriarchs Ḥenanishoʿ I (686–700) and Aba II (742–753) were among their students.
Gabriel's writings do not survive, but they are quoted frequently in biblical commentaries of the Church of the East from the 8th century onwards as a recognized authority on both the Old and New Testaments.  They are usually cited as Gabriel Qaṭraya with the title rabban (teacher), but the Gannat Bussāme, quoting Ṣharbokht bar Msargis, uses both their surnames. As Gabriel Arya, they have an entry in the catalogue of Syriac writers created by ʿAbdishoʿ of Nisibis around 1300. According to ʿAbdishoʿ, they wrote a commentary on select passages from the Bible, called Salges mashlmanuta d-ṣurta, the "tradition (or transmission) of the scriptural text". ʿAbdishoʿ does not mention their origins, but does note their relationship to Isaac.
There were several Gabriels from Beth Qaṭraye active in the 7th century, which can cause confusion. Gabriel bar Lipeh, who wrote a commentary on the liturgy, was active early in the century. ʿAbdishoʿ of Nisibis has a separate entry for a Gabriel Qaṭraya who wrote a Discourse on the Union (i.e., the hypostatic union) and Resolution to Questions on the Matter of the Faith. Addai Scher and Carl Anton Baumstark believe this was the same person as Gabriel Arya, but Sebastian Brock argues that they were probably identical to the Gabriel Qaṭraya against whom Babai the Great (died 628) directed their Book of Causes and thus lived too early to be identical to Gabriel Arya.
Notes
Bibliography
7th-century writers
7th-century Christian theologians
Church of the East writers
Syriac writers
Christians of the Umayyad Caliphate
Portuguese Uruguayans are Uruguayans of full or partial Portuguese ancestry.
The Portuguese arrived in Uruguay around the time of the Spanish colonial period. Many of them were sailors, conquistadors, clergy, and members of the military. Later Portuguese arrivals included pirates in conflict with Spanish leadership; Colonia del Sacramento, which eventually turned into a regional center of smuggling, is a notable example of those ages
Another source of Portuguese immigration into Uruguay were Brazilians of Portuguese descent, who crossed the border into the country ever since it became independent.
During the second half of the 19th century and part of the 20th, several additional Portuguese immigrants arrived; the last wave was during 1930–1965. The most recent figure is from the 2011 Uruguayan census, which revealed 367 people who declared Portugal as their country of birth while is estimated that there are at least some 2,985Portuguese citizens residing in Uruguay as of 2020.
Notable people
past
Enrique Almada (1934-1990), comedian and actor
Enrique Amorim (1900–1960), writer
Fernando O. Assunção (1931–2006), ethnologist and folklorist
Wilson Ferreira Aldunate (1919–1988), politician
Manuel Flores Mora (1923–1984), politician and journalist
Eudoro Melo (1889–1975), poet
Alceu Ribeiro (1919-2013), painter
Aparicio Saravia (1856–1904), political leader
Villanueva Saravia (1964–1998), mayor of Cerro Largo
Olhinto María Simoes (1901–1966), poet and journalist
Amílcar Vasconcellos (1915–1999), lawyer and politician
Carlos Vaz Ferreira (1872–1958), philosopher
María Eugenia Vaz Ferreira (1875–1924), poet
present
José Amorín (born 1954 in Montevideo), politician
Adrián Caetano (born 1969 in Montevideo), film director
Maika Ceres (born 1986 in Montevideo), soprano
Mónica Farro (born 1976 in Montevideo), vedette
Beatriz Flores Silva (born 1956 in Montevideo), film director
Manuel Flores Silva (born 1950 in Montevideo), politician and journalist
José Luis Pintos Saldanha (born 1964 in Artigas), footballer
Sebastián Abreu (born 1976 in Minas), footballer
Mario Regueiro (born 1978 in Montevideo), footballer
Diana Saravia Olmos, notary and politician
Fernando Vilar (born 1954 in Portugal), newsanchor and journalist
Lucas Torreira (born 1996 in Fray Bentos), footballer
See also
Portugal–Uruguay relations
Portuguese conquest of the Banda Oriental
Brazilian immigration to Uruguay
References
Uruguay
Ethnic groups in Uruguay
Immigration to Uruguay
Portugal–Uruguay relations
European Uruguayan
Street Ashton is a hamlet in the Borough of Rugby, Warwickshire, England, part of the parish of Monks Kirby. It is located near the towns of Rugby and Lutterworth. The hamlet is served by buses which connect it to Coventry, Hinckley, Rugby and Hillmorton. The nearest active railway station is Rugby.
History
The hamlet's name is Anglo-Saxon deriving from the personal name "Strudheard" or "Strodo" + "ton" (settlement). "Strudheard's ton" was later rephrased to Street Ashton, almost certainly because of the proximity of the Fosse Way and nearby Stretton-under-Fosse. The principal buildings in the Hamlet are Street Ashton Farm which was historically part of the estate of the Earls of Denbigh, and two large residences, Street Ashton House and Ashton Lodge, now a hotel.
Street Ashton House
Street Ashton House, an imposing, White House sits on a hill above the hamlet and can be seen for several miles around. Formerly a dower house for the Earls of Denbigh, it was the residence (during the Edwardian era) of Major Walter Basil Louis Bonn who was decorated in the First World War and whose father owned the nearby Newbold Revel estate. In the 1950s and 60s Street Ashton House was owned by Spencer Wilks, Chairman of Rover and one of the inventors of the Land Rover. In 2007, Street Ashton House was donated to the Mater Ecclesiae Convent which had been based in Monks Kirby (see Monks Kirby Roman Catholic Community). The convent closed in 2020 and in early 2021 the house was sold by the Roman Catholic Church.
References
External Links
https://www.british-history.ac.uk/vch/warks/vol6/pp173-181
https://www.ourwarwickshire.org.uk/content/article/warwickshires-biggest-family-monks-kirby
Hamlets in Warwickshire
Frank Carlton (21 March 1936 – 19 February 2009), also known by the nickname of "Carlo", was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for St. Helens (Heritage № 715), and Wigan (Heritage № 604), as a or , i.e. number 2 or 5, or, 3 or 4.
Background
Frank Carlton was born in Blackbrook, St. Helens, Lancashire, England, and they died aged 72 in Whiston Hospital, Whiston, Merseyside, England.
Playing career
International honours
Frank Carlton, won a cap for England while at St. Helens in 1956 against France, and won caps for Great Britain while at St. Helens in 1958 against New Zealand, and in 1962 against New Zealand.
County Cup Final appearances
Frank Carlton played , i.e. number 5, in St. Helens' 3-10 defeat by Oldham in the 1956 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1956–57 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 20 October 1956, and played , i.e. number 5, in the 2-12 defeat by Oldham in the 1958 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1958–59 season at Station Road, Swinton Saturday 25 October 1958.
Club career
Frank Carlton made their début for Wigan in the 10-3 victory over Hunslet F.C. at Parkside, Hunslet on Saturday 5 November 1960, they scored their first try (2-tries) for Wigan in the 16-11 victory over Blackpool Borough at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 19 November 1960, they scored their last try for Wigan in the 12-0 victory over Liverpool City in the Western Division Championship match at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 28 March 1964, and they played their last match for Wigan in the 13-6 victory over Leigh at Central Park, Wigan on 26 December 1964.
Honoured at St Helens
Frank Carlton is a St Helens R.F.C. Hall of Fame Inductee.
References
External links
Profile at saints.org.uk
'Flying Frank' dies aged 72
(archived by web.archive.org) RUGBY LEAGUE FINAL video newsreel film
1936 births
2009 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
Rugby league wingers
St Helens R.F.C. players
Wigan Warriors players
USS Colonial (LSD-18) was a Casa Grande-class dock landing ship of the United States Navy, named in honor of the Colonial National Historical Park, which comprises Jamestown, Williamsburg, and Yorktown in southeastern Virginia.
Colonial was launched on 28 February 1945 by Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Co., Newport News, Va., sponsored by Mrs. L. L. Dean; and commissioned on 15 May 1945, Lieutenant Commander J. A. Paterson, USNR, in command.
1945–1952
Colonial cleared Norfolk on 26 July 1945 for the Panama Canal, San Francisco and Pearl Harbor, arriving 5 September. Between 11 September and 26 December, they had duty ferrying landing craft among the Pacific Islands and to Okinawa. They sailed from Pearl Harbor 29 December for the Panama Canal and Norfolk, arriving 23 January 1946.
Colonial participated in amphibious training out of Norfolk, conducting local, east coast, and Caribbean operations, and voyaging from Cuba and Puerto Rico as far north as Newfoundland until 15 August 1950, when they cleared Norfolk for Far Eastern duty. Calling at San Diego en route to Kobe, Colonial landed men and tanks of the 1st Marine Division at Inchon in September, and troops and equipment at Wonsan and Iwon in December. Colonial was one of the last ships to leave Hungnam in the evacuation of that area. They acted as "mother ship" for minesweepers on the Korean east coast for a month during this tour, returning to San Diego, their new home port, 27 August 1951. Here they were overhauled and had underway training before returning to Japan and Korea for duty from 17 January to 4 November 1952. During this tour they supported minesweepers working in Wonsan Harbor, and took part in amphibious training.
1953–1970
From the close of the Korean War into 1960, Colonial continued to alternate local operations and training out of San Diego with periodic deployments to the Far East. They transported Marines to Korea from 5 August to 9 September 1953, returning to the western Pacific in October for a tour which ended in July 1954. After aiding in the development of the vertical envelopment concept of amphibious assault employing helicopters, they returned to the Orient early in 1955 for a tour of duty which included participation in the evacuation of the Tachen Islands.
In the summer of 1956, Colonial served as a floating laboratory in experiments with balloon-launched rockets (rockoons). The Naval Research Laboratory's Operation San Diego High had the objective of studying x-rays and Lyman-alpha UV radiation produced in the upper atmosphere by solar flares. For ten days in July, from a location 350 miles southeast of San Diego, each morning a balloon carrying an instrumented Deacon rocket was launched from the helicopter deck of Colonial. The destroyer would pursue the balloon as it drifted downwind. Observatories watching the sun from New Mexico, Tokyo, San Francisco, and Mexico City would notify the scientists aboard Colonial as soon as a flare was observed. They in turn would signal Perkins to launch the rocket – through the balloon – up to the ionosphere. The operation had extensive coverage in the April 1957 issue of the National Geographic Magazine, with a journalist and a photographer on the ship.
Colonial returned to the Far East in 1957. On 30 May they went to the rescue of a grounded Chinese freighter. On their 1958–59 deployment, they provided repair parts and skilled hands for the American merchant tanker Wang Bucaneer, disabled at sea in January.
Colonial served in several campaigns in the Vietnam War between 1965 and 1968.
Colonial was decommissioned in 1970 at the Inactive Ship Maintenance Facility, Vallejo, California, and laid up in the Pacific Reserve Fleet, Mare Island. They were struck from the Naval Register on 15 October 1976, and transferred to the Maritime Administration (MARAD), 29 July 1992. The ship was sold for scrapping on 8 September 1993, for $353,725, to California Imports and Exports and towed to Shanghai, China for scrapping.
Awards
Colonial received seven battle stars for Korean War service and six campaign stars for Vietnam War service.
References
External links
Historical record of balloons launched from USS Colonial during operation "San Diego High"
1945 ships
Casa Grande-class dock landing ships of the United States Navy
Cold War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Vietnam War amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Ships built in Newport News, Virginia
Hypnotic Records is an American independent record label specializing in electronic music.
History
Hypnotic Records is the sub-label to Cleopatra Records owned by Brian Perera. Specializing in electronic dance music. As electronic music mutated, the company worked like a railroad crew, staying a few steps ahead, laying the tracks for the genre to ride onward. Top dance acts like Future Sound Of London and Loop Guru would send the Hypnotic Records offshoot into the stratosphere. The early rave culture expanded to define a large segment of a chemical generation and Hypnotic was there to chronicle its stars like Crystal Method and its misunderstood adherents on the award winning documentary DVD: Better Living Through Circuitry. Later the label would also release groundbreaking works from the DJs ; Paul Oakenfold and Superstar DJ Keoki as well as seeking new talent like the Electric Heaven and Blackburner
Roster
Blackburner
Brand Blank
Brian Perera
Dirty Sanchez
DMX
Dubstep Junkies
Effcee
Electric Heaven
Future Sound of London
Katfyr
Klaypex
Mike Jones
New Skin
DJ Keoki
Talla 2XLC
Notable guests
Nero
Zeds Dead
Funkstar De Luxe
Borgore
Virius Syndicate
Dubba Jonny
Freestylers feat Flux Pavilion
KOAN Sound
MartyParty
Ladytron
Boys Noize
Tommie Sunshine
Rusko
Unsub/Alexis K
See also
List of record labels
List of electronic music record labels
References
External links
Official site
Hypnotic Records
Hypnotic on Allmusic.com
Electronic music record labels
American independent record labels
Record labels established in 1997
Jerseyfield Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Salisbury in Herkimer County, northwest of Stratford.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Heritiana Thierry Ratsimbazafy (born 21 September 1986) is a Malagasy former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Ratsimbazafy started their career with Malagasy side Academie Ny Antsika, helping them win the league, their only major trophy. Before the 2009 season, they signed for JS Gauloise in Reunion. Before the 2015 season, Ratsimbazafy signed for Thai second tier club Samut Songkhram. Before the 2016 season, they signed for Nonthaburi in the Thai third tier.
References
External links
1986 births
Academie Ny Antsika players
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Réunion
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Living people
Madagascar international footballers
Malagasy expatriate footballers
Malagasy expatriate sportspeople in Réunion
Malagasy expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Malagasy footballers
Malagasy Pro League players
Nonthaburi United S.Boonmeerit F.C. players
Samutsongkhram F.C. players
Thierry Ratsimbazafy
Thierry Ratsimbazafy
Thierry Ratsimbazafy
James Arnold Talbot (December 13, 1879 in Paris, Kentucky – July 17, 1936) was an American business person who became President of the Western Pipe and Steel Company of San Francisco, California in the 1910s, and who later became head of the Richfield Oil Company based in the same city. Talbot was interested in aviation and in the 1920s helped set up Western Air Express, an aviation company which instituted the first regularly scheduled passenger airline service in US history.
Talbot made an estimated $20,000,000 fortune in the 1920s but after the 1929 crash, their company Richfield Oil went into receivership and Talbot declared themselves bankrupt. In June 1931, the California Corporation Commission accused them of falsifying company records and misusing company funds for their own and their family's benefit, and in 1932 they and two other Richfield company executives were sentenced to two-to-twenty-year terms in San Quentin. Released in March 1935, Talbot briefly returned to work in a real estate office before dying of heart failure, aged 56, in a San Francisco hospital on July 17, 1936.
See also
ARCO
References
Californians shocked - Time magazine biopic on James A. Talbot, dated June 22, 1931.
Deals and Developments - Time magazine article dated June 27, 1932.
American energy industry businesspeople
American white-collar criminals
1879 births
1936 deaths
American businesspeople convicted of crimes
The broad-tailed paradise whydah (Vidua obtusa) is a species of bird in the family Viduidae. It is found woodland and acacia savanna habitat in Sub-Saharan Africa from Angola to Uganda, Tanzania and Mozambique. A brood parasite, it has a wide range and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed it as being of the least concern.
Taxonomy
Chapin described the broad-tailed paradise whydah as Steganura aucupum obtusa from Luchenza in 1922. Previously, Vidua obtusa, V. interjecta, V. orientalis, V. paradisaea and V. togoensis were considered to be in the same species, and these five species are sometimes placed in the genus Steganura. The broad-tailed paradise whydah is a monotypic species.
Description
The breeding male is long, and the nonbreeding male and the female are long. Females have been measured to weigh approximately . The breeding male has long tail feathers with rounded tips. It has a chestnut-orange patch on its nape. The nonbreeding male's underparts are buffy, and its upperparts are grey-brown, with streaks. There are black and white stripes on its head. The female is similar to the nonbreeding male. The immature bird resembles the female, but some of its feathers have buffy edges, and its patterns are less distinct.
Distribution and habitat
This whydah is found in Angola, Botswana, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe, with an estimated distribution size of . Approximately half of the range overlaps with the range of the long-tailed paradise whydah. The broad-tailed paradise whydah's habitat is woodlands, including miombo and Baikiaea plurijuga woodland, and also acacia savannas.
Behaviour and ecology
The broad-tailed paradise whydah is a brood parasite, its host being the orange-winged pytilia (Pytilia afra). The host species only weighs and is thus at a disadvantage. It mimics the host species's call. It feeds on the ground in small flocks, eating seeds. When the broad-tailed paradise whydah is not breeding, it may mix with the long-tailed paradise whydah. Breeding plumage has been observed from February to July in the southeastern Congo Basin. The eggs are white, weighing approximately . Newborn chicks have loose greyish down, very similar to chicks of the orange-winged pytilia. The incubation period and nestling period are unknown. Irruptions can occur; in 1994, an "invasion" of thousands of whydahs was reported in Kasane, Botswana.
Status
The species has a large range and a stable population trend, so the IUCN Red List has assessed the species as least concern.
References
External links
The Paradise Whydahs Species Factsheet
broad-tailed paradise whydah
Birds of Southern Africa
broad-tailed paradise whydah
broad-tailed paradise whydah
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Shante Evans (born July 8, 1991) is an American-Slovenian basketball player for Galatasaray and the Slovenian national team.
Club career
On 7 February 2022, Galatasaray signed an agreement with Evans, who is a Slovenian of American origin, in the 4th position.
National team career
They participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017 and EuroBasket Women 2019.
Hofstra statistics
Source
References
External links
Hofstra Pride profile
1991 births
Living people
Slovenian women's basketball players
American women's basketball players
American emigrants to Slovenia
Basketball players from Pennsylvania
Hofstra Pride women's basketball players
People from West Chester, Pennsylvania
Power forwards (basketball)
Slovenian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Slovenian people of African-American descent
Sportspeople from Chester County, Pennsylvania
Galatasaray S.K. (women's basketball) players
Teekaram Rajcoomar (born 13 March 1964) is a Mauritian boxer. They competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Mauritian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Mauritius
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
Shamrock Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 413.
History
Shamrock Township was created between 1876 and 1897, per official county maps from these two years, from the northeast 1/4 (approximately) of what before then was a much larger Nine Mile Prairie Township.
It's named for the shamrock, a national symbol of Ireland.
Geography
Shamrock Township covers an area of and contains no incorporated settlements, although the unincorporated village of Shamrock.
The streams of Appling Branch, Bachelor Creek, Brushy Branch, Harrison Creek, Heat String Creek and Morris Branch run through this township, which also contains three cemeteries named Augusta, Chatman, and Sawyers.
The township is bordered on the west by Jackson Township (Auxvasse), on the south by Nine Mile Prairie Township (Williamsburg), on the north by Audrain County, and on the east by Montgomery County.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Stations in Canada's CBC Radio One network each produce some local programming in addition to the network schedule.
The amount of local programming may vary from station to station. For instance, some stations in smaller markets may produce their own morning show but air an afternoon show from another station. Some stations in major markets also preempt some regular network programming in favour of an extended local schedule.
Some regional programming is also produced which is shared by all stations in a province. This most commonly applies to daily noon-hour shows, weekend morning shows and a Saturday afternoon arts and culture magazine.
Content
Local programs on CBC Radio One feature news and human interest content local to the region they serve. Each program also includes both national and local news headline segments. Some general content segments, such as business news reports, science news reports and entertainment reviews, air across the network on all local programs.
Some local segments from the various morning and afternoon programs are also aired on the national network program The Story from Here.
At the top of each hour during the morning and afternoon programs, national newscasts – World Report in the mornings and The World This Hour in the afternoons – air for the first ten minutes. A shorter local newscast typically airs at the half-hour mark.
On statutory holidays, nearly all local programming is preempted in favour of network-wide special programming. In heavily populated provinces like Ontario, the various local morning shows within often rotate broadcasting for the entire province. On Christmas Day, the entire daytime broadcasting schedule, and most of the evening is preempted for holiday music programming except for news programming such as World Report and The World at Six
Weekday programming
Local morning shows air from 5:30 am or 6 am local time, depending on the station, to 8:30 am. They are followed by a local news update, and then The Current at 8:37 am. The sole exception is Qulliq, the program in Nunavut, which airs until 10 am. As of the 2015-16 television season, the 6:00 a.m. hour of these programs outside of CBC North air on local CBC television stations.
Local afternoon shows on CBC Radio One air from 4 pm to 6 pm local time, except in Halifax, Ottawa, Toronto, Winnipeg, Calgary, Edmonton, Vancouver and Victoria, where they start at 3 pm. Rebroadcasters outside of those cities do not air the first hour of the extended afternoon shows; they stay with regional or conventional network programming and then rejoin their host station's afternoon show at 4 pm.
In addition to the standard local programming blocks, the stations in Nunavut and the Northwest Territories also preempt much of the network's afternoon schedule to produce additional local programming in aboriginal languages. See CBC North for further information. (Pre-6 am morning show start times are listed in brackets in the table)
Weekend programming
Each province and territory also has a regional weekend morning show, which airs provincewide Saturday and Sunday mornings from 6 to 9 am, and most also have a regional arts and culture magazine which airs on Saturday afternoons at 5 pm. Stations in the Atlantic provinces air an additional regional arts and culture program on Sunday afternoons at 4 pm. AT, due in part to a hole in the schedule created by the fact that Cross Country Checkup airs live across Canada at 5 pm. AT. CBI in Sydney airs the long running Island Echoes, a weekly cultural program on Saturday evenings at 8 p.m AT.
In some of Western Canada, however, distinct Saturday afternoon arts and culture magazines are no longer aired, and the stations instead air a repeat airing of the national network program Unreserved.
References
CBC Radio One programs
Lists of radio programs
Lists of mass media in Canada
Two earthquakes hit the Italian regions of Molise and Apulia on 31 October at 10:32:58 (UTC) and 1 November at 15:09:00 (UTC). The shocks had magnitudes of 5.9 and 5.8 respectively. Most of the victims were killed and injured when a school collapsed in the town of San Giuliano di Puglia: 26 of the 51 schoolchildren died, together with one of their teachers. In particular, none of the nine children in the school's 4th Year (mostly born in 1996) survived.
Tectonic setting
Molise and Apulia lie above a series of thrust sheets that were emplaced northeastwards on top of the foreland of the Adriatic Plate due to continental collision during the Neogene. In the southern part of the Apennines, the thrusting is no longer active, but it continues in northern Italy along the southern margin of the Po Plain. The foreland to the east is characterised by zones of active west–east trending dextral (right-lateral) strike-slip faulting. The best described of these zones is the Mattinata Fault, which has a clear topographic expression on the south side of the Gargano Peninsula and has been traced offshore into the Adriatic Sea. The estimated epicentre of the 1627 Gargano earthquake lies just beyond the western end of the known extent of the Mattinata Fault, although the link between the two remains uncertain.
The Molise and Apulia regions are areas of low historical seismicity and relatively few earthquake records are available from the instrumental era.
Earthquake sequence
The Molise earthquake sequence began with a series of foreshocks during the night of 30–31 October with the strongest at 03:27 local time. This had a magnitude of 3.5 and a maximum felt intensity of IV–V on the Mercalli intensity scale).
First mainshock
The first mainshock, and the largest of the sequence, took place at 11:32 local time. It had a magnitude of 5.9 , with a focal depth of 22.3 km. It had a strike-slip focal mechanism, indicating movement on either a right lateral west–east fault or a left lateral north–south fault.
Second mainshock
The second mainshock occurred at 16:09 local time the following day. It was similar in magnitude to the first mainshock at 5.8, with a focal depth of 19.1 km. It also had a strike-slip focal mechanism and and its recalculated epicentre is about 8 km west of the first mainshock.
Aftershocks
Large numbers of aftershocks were recorded following the mainshocks. They were distributed over a 15 km long zone. Almost all of the aftershocks occurred at shallower depths than the mainshocks, although none of them were shallower than about 8–10 km depth, suggesting that the ruptures did not extend to the top of the Apulian Platform.
Interpretation
Taken together, the foreshocks, mainshocks and aftershocks define an approximately west–east near vertical plane about 15 km in length. Two fault segments of 5–7 km length ruptured in the mainshocks. Passive seismic imaging using the dense network of seismometers deployed after the first mainshock has been used to image the fault zone responsible at the top of the Apulian Platform, which lies in the depth range of 4–6 km in the area of the earthquake sequence. This has identified a small pull-apart basin between two west–east trending strike-slip fault segments, with the sequence rupturing the northern segment. This zone is interpreted to be a western extension of the Mattinata fault system.
The focal depth of the two mainshocks and most of the aftershocks suggest that the ruptures occurred in the basement, beneath the Apulian Platform limestones. Most of the aftershocks were also caused by ruptures beneath the Apulian carbonate platform.
Damage
First mainshock
The strongest tremor took place in the area of lower Molise, which is situated in the north-east of the Province of Campobasso. It reached from the Frentani Mountains to the Fortore valley. It lasted for 60 seconds and could be felt distinctly in the centre of Molise, in the Capitanata, the Province of Chieti, and could be felt in Marche, Bari, Benevento, Matera, Brindisi, Rome, Naples, Potenza, Salerno, Taranto and Pescara.
San Giuliano di Puglia was near the epicentre (located between Campobasso, Larino and the Apennine Dauno). Due to the quake part of the roof of the school building "Francesco Jovine" collapsed. The school included a kindergarten, a primary school and a middle school. The roof landed on the lower part of the school. There were 57 children, 8 teachers and 2 caretakers trapped under the rubble.
Second mainshock
The second mainshock produced similar intensities to the first but caused some additional damage that in general increased the observed intensity by about 0.5 on the MCS scale at many locations.
The combined isoseismal map for the two mainshocks shows a distinct west-east elongation, consistent with the interpreted west–east fault rupture. However, the observed intensities were locally highly variable, particularly in San Giuliano di Puglia. The greatest damage was observed in a newer part of the town built on a clay-rich layer, contrasting with the old town built on harder limestone bedrock, which was affected far less.
Affects on buildings
Non-engineered masonry buildings were often badly affected. This was due to generally poor quality walls, a lack of ties (although they may have been ineffective had they been present, due to the poor quality walls), the recent replacement of light roofs with heavier alternatives, such as concrete slabs, or the building of additional storeys, all of which were compounded by a lack of maintenance.
Churches were mostly badly affected, even in towns where most houses were unaffected. Very few of the buildings had ties and the general quality of the masonry walls was low, not much better than those observed in houses.
Buildings with masonry walls and reinforced concrete floors performed particularly badly in the earthquakes, with many of those in the centre of San Giuliano di Puglia being severely damaged. Buildings built entirely of reinforced concrete represented only a small percentage of the buildings in the area, but these generally suffered little or no damage. A few, mostly those with irregular plans, were badly affected.
The Francesco Jovine school was built in the 1960s using reinforced concrete and more recently an additional floor was added, also using reinforced concrete. The design of the recent addition was never analysed for earthquake safety as the area at the time was classified as category 1, "not subject to seismic hazard".
Response
Immediately after the mainshocks, three "Centro Operativo Mistos" (COMs) were established in the area by the Protezione Civile to assist the local authorities and carry out other tasks such as transportation and road management, telecommunications, evacuations, logistics and the coordination of volunteers. The main COM was set up in Larino, with other subsidiary COMs in San Giuliano di Puglia and Casalnuovo Monterotaro. Additional centres, known as "Centro Operativo Comunales" (COCs), were established in San Martino in Pensilis, Bonefro, Colletorto, Ripabottoni and Provvidenti to temporarily take over the functions of the comunes.
Relief operations were carried out by several organisations, including the Vigili del Fuoco, Italian Air Force, Italian Army, Italian Navy, Italian law enforcement, State Forestry Corps, ANAS and Italian Red Cross. Together with over 1400 volunteers, the maximum number of people involved was 3,715.
The initial phase of the response involved evacuation of the inhabitants of the most severely affected areas so that they could be provided with temporary accommodation and food. Shelter was provided using a mixture of tents and caravans at two sites near San Giuliano and Ripabottoni. Nearly 10,000 people were given assistance, with provision of almost 8,000 beds in over 2,000 caravans and tents.
Aftermath
The earthquake hazard maps for Italy were redrawn following this earthquake sequence. The scheme that existed at the time of the earthquakes of three categories, of which the lowest (uncategorised) was not considered to be at risk, was replaced with a fourfold classification. In the new classification, all areas were considered to be at risk of seismic events. Finally, in 2004 the whole country was assessed in terms of ground accelerations for which there is a 10% risk of exceedance in the next 50 years, which is considered the most effective way to reduce the vulnerability to future earthquakes.
The Francesco Jovine school has been completely rebuilt using seismic base isolation techniques, to protect it against any future shocks.
See also
List of earthquakes in 2002
List of earthquakes in Italy
References
Further reading
External links
USGS - M 5.9 - Southern Italy
In pictures: Italy school tragedy (BBC)
2002 disasters in Europe
2002 earthquakes
2002 in Italy
21st century in Apulia
2002 earthquakes
Earthquakes in Italy
November 2002 events in Europe
October 2002 events in Europe
Mayakovskaya () is a station on the Nevsko–Vasileostrovskaya Line of Saint Petersburg Metro, opened on November 3, 1967, and named after Russian poet Vladimir Mayakovsky. The main surface vestibule is situated on Nevsky Prospekt. Mayakovskaya is connected to the station Ploshchad Vosstaniya of the Kirovsko-Vyborgskaya Line via a transfer corridor and a set of escalators. The transfer corridor also links both stations to Moskovsky Rail Terminal
External links
Saint Petersburg Metro stations
Nevsky Prospekt
Railway stations in Russia opened in 1967
Railway stations located underground in Russia
Budoželja is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 214 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Portello may refer to:
Portello (district of Milan), a car-producing district of Milan, Italy
Portello (Milan Metro), an underground rail station
Portello (soft drink), a type of fruit-flavored soft drink
Portello Gate or Porta Ognissanti, in the walls of Padua, Italy
Annemarie Oestreicher (born Annemarie Hinze: 14 December 1875 – 1945) was a German politician.
They died following their internment, aged 69, in the Ravensbrück concentration camp although the precise circumstances of their death remain unknown.
Life
Annemarie Hinze was born in Berlin. Them father was a business person. They trained for clerical work and then, till 1910, worked as an assistant nurse and as a freelance "dentist". Them first husband was a commercial director with Siemens-Schuckert. They came to politics, and membership of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) thanks to their second husband who became editor-in-chief of the "Königsberger Volkszeitung" (" Königsberg People's Newspaper"). By 1921 they were describing themselves not as a nurse or a dentist but as a "housewife". During the early 1920s they also worked as an author.
They were elected a member of the Prussian parliament ("Landtag") in 1921, representing an electoral district in East Prussia and dividing their time between Berlin and Königsberg. By this time they were a widow. Them political focus was on health, the arts, agriculture and questions involving farmworkers. They also served as a member of the Prussian Regional Health Council. They continued to sit as a member of the Landtag till 1932, after which they settled in Osterode, to the south of Königsberg.
After the Nazis came to power they moved back to Berlin. On 20 July 1944 there was a plot to assassinate the leader which came close to success. Government authorities had already prepared a list of former politicians from the Weimar years to be rounded up in the event of intensified domestic opposition. The mass arrest was implemented on the night of 22/23 August 1944. There being no longer significant numbers of former Communist Party politicians at liberty in Germany, roughly 4,000 former officials and members of mainstream centre and left-wing "Bourgeois" parties were detained. Annemarie Oestreicher was one of them. Many of the detainees were released after a few weeks, but others, including Oestreicher, were taken to the Ravensbrück concentration camp. It was here, under circumstances that have never become clear, that they died, probably early in 1945.
References
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Prussian House of Representatives
People who died in Ravensbrück concentration camp
Politicians from Berlin
1875 births
1945 deaths
The Sphinx – Das Beste aus den Jahren 1976–1983 is a compilation box set of recordings by French singer Amanda Lear, released in 2006 by Sony BMG Music Entertainment.
Album information
The Sphinx features a selection of 42 tracks from Lear's Ariola-Eurodisc catalogue, recorded and released between 1976 and 1983. The set consists of material from their first six albums, which they recorded when they were signed up with the Ariola label: I Am a Photograph, Sweet Revenge, Never Trust a Pretty Face, Diamonds for Breakfast, Incognito and Tam-Tam, as well as non-album singles "Solomon Gundie", "Fever" and "Love Your Body". The compilation marked the first time some of the tracks are released on CD. All songs have been remastered.
Track listing
Disc 1
"Follow Me" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 3:52
"Rockin' Rollin' (I Hear You Nagging)" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 3:05
"Hollywood Is Just a Dream When You're Seventeen" (Hanne Haller, Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 4:51
"Magic" (Amanda Lear, Roberto Cacciapaglia) – 4:14
"Black Holes" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 5:08
"Japan" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 3:15
"Solomon Gundie" (Sintas) – 3:58
"The Lady in Black" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 3:36
"Fabulous (Lover, Love Me)" (Album Version) (Rainer Pietsch, Amanda Lear) – 5:25
"Berlin Lady" (Mike Stepstone, Peter Dibbens) – 3:22
"La Bagarre" (Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller, Vline Buggy) – 3:27
"It's a Better Life" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 4:30
"Miroir" (Amanda Lear) – 2:00
"Tomorrow" (Rainer Pietsch, Amanda Lear) – 4:10
Disc 2
"Queen of China-Town" (Rainer Pietsch, Amanda Lear) – 4:15
"Comics" (Charly Ricanek, Amanda Lear) – 3:40
"Incredibilmente donna" (Sergio Menegale, Raffaele Ferrato) – 3:59
"Oh Boy" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 4:30
"These Boots Are Made for Walkin'" (Lee Hazlewood) – 3:10
"Darkness and Light" (Peter Lüdemann, Amanda Lear) – 3:49
"The Sphinx" (12" Version) (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 5:13
"Diamonds" (Album Version) (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 5:25
"Forget It" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 4:16
"Love Amnesia" (Eugene Mule) – 3:55
"Red Tape" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 3:55
"New York" (Francis Lai, Amanda Lear) – 4:28
"Run Baby Run" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 3:45
"Lili Marleen" (Norbert Schultze, Hans Leip, Tommie Connor) – 4:40
Disc 3
"Fashion Pack (Studio 54)" (Album Version) (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 5:05
"Love Your Body" (Peter Lüdemann, Alf Schwegeler, Amanda Lear) – 4:26
"Intellectually" (Charly Ricanek, Amanda Lear) – 4:15
"Enigma (Give a Bit of Mmh to Me)" (Rainer Pietsch, Amanda Lear) – 5:08
"Égal" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 4:08
"Blood and Honey" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 4:50
"Tam Tam" (Amanda Lear, Villahermosa, Roberto Cacciapaglia) – 3:33
"Fever" (John Davenport, Eddie Cooley) – 3:36
"No Regrets" (Amanda Lear, Paul Micioni, Massimiliano DiCarlo, Roberto Masala) – 4:26
"Never Trust a Pretty Face" (Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 4:45
"Gold" (Charly Ricanek, Amanda Lear) – 3:38
"Ho fatto l'amore con me" (Cristiano Malgioglio) – 3:15
"If I Was a Boy" (Walter Foini, Amanda Lear) – 4:10
"When" (Rainer Pietsch, Anthony Monn, Amanda Lear) – 3:25
Credits
Amanda Lear – lead vocals
Frank Eberlein – liner notes
Release history
References
External links
The Sphinx – Das Beste aus den Jahren 1976–1983 at Discogs
The Sphinx – Das Beste aus den Jahren 1976–1983 at Rate Your Music
2006 compilation albums
Amanda Lear compilation albums
Princely Brewery Tychy (Polish Tyskie Browary Książęce) or Tychy Brewery in the town of Tychy is one of the largest breweries in Poland. It is operated by the Kompania Piwowarska company. It traces its history to the 17th century.
The brand of beer produced by the brewery is Tyskie.
Today, the premises host a beer museum "Tyskie Brewing Museum" (Polish Tyskie Browarium).
During a 2009 vote the brewery complex was voted as one of the "Seven Architectural Wonders of the Silesian Voivodeship."
References
External links
Tyskie Brewery museum homepage (English)
Buildings and structures in Tychy
Breweries of Poland
The moustached woodcreeper (Xiphocolaptes falcirostris) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily. It is endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Xiphocolaptes
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Caatinga
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1824
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Euphorbia cooperi is a flowering plant in the Euphorbiaceae family. It is commonly called Transvaal candelabra tree or bushveld candelabra euphorbia, and is found in South Africa.
References
cooperi
Taxa named by Alwin Berger
Taxa named by N. E. Brown
Rasgan is a village in Rewari Tehsil of Rewari district, in the Indian state of Haryana.
Adjacent villages
Khijuri
Masani
Dungarwas
Nikhri
Masani
Jitpur Istamrar
Khaliawas
Bhatsana
Niganiawas
Raliawas
References
Villages in Rewari district
Sofia Engström (born 3 July 1988) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman and member of the Swedish national ice hockey team, currently playing with Modo Hockey Dam of the Swedish Women's Hockey League (SDHL). As of the conclusion of the 2020–21 SDHL season, they are the longest tenured player in league history, having played 396 games across fourteen SDHL seasons,
Career
Engström joined Leksands IF during the 2007–08 Riksserien season. They made their National Series debut during the 2008–09 National Series against Brynäs. During 2009 to 2014 they served as the club's captain.
On 26 February 2015, Engström played their 200th game with Leksands IF. They signed a one-year contract with Leksands IF on 24 July 2015. They played their 300th game with Leksands IF on 16 October 2017.
They signed an extension with Leksands IF on 2 May 2018.
In June 2019, they left Leksands to sign with Modo Hockey.
International career
While serving as captain of Leksands IF, Engström made their national team debut with Team Sweden at the 2012 4 Nations Cup.
Engström was selected for the Sweden women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. They played in all six games, not recording a point. They were also named to Team Sweden's roster to compete at the 2018 4 Nations Cup in Saskatoon.
They played for Sweden at the 2019 IIHF Women's World Championship, scoring two goals in five games as the country finished in ninth and was relegated for the first time in history.
Career statistics
International career
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
People from Surahammar Municipality
Swedish women's ice hockey defencemen
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Modo Hockey Dam players
Leksands IF Dam players
Sportspeople from Västmanland County
Tofte Glacier is a glacier immediately south of Sandefjord Cove on the west side of Peter I Island. Discovered in 1927 by a Norwegian expedition in the end named for Eyvind Tofte, leader of the expedition.
References
Glaciers of Antarctica
Peter I Island
Subantarctic glaciers
The Centre for Public Integrity is an Australian non-profit public policy think tank. The Centre for Public Integrity advocates against corruption, and for reining in executive power and changes to Australia's political finance system. The Centre collaborates with academics, legal practitioners and retired judges to conduct research on integrity reform in Australia.
Research focus
The Centre for Public Integrity's research agenda focusses on accountability institutions, the use of executive power in the Australian Government, Australia's political finance system, the establishment of a national integrity commission, and pork barrelling.
Governance
The Centre's Board of Directors is chaired by former New South Wales Court of Appeal judge Anthony Whealy. Current members of the Board include George Williams (lawyer), Stephen Charles, Gabrielle Appelby, Joo Cheong Tham and Geoffrey Watson SC.
References
Think tanks based in Australia
Anti-corruption agencies in Australia
Organisations based in Melbourne
Political funding
2019 establishments in Australia
Gujarat's twelfth legislative election was held in 2007. In this election, the BJP led by Narendra Modi won 117 seats out of 182 (ten seats fewer than in 2002). Congress improved its performance and won 59 seats (eight more than last election). Modi fought elections in Maninagar and won with a major majority. NCP won three seats, JDU won only one seat and independent candidates won only two seats. This was a turning point of Modi in politics.
Results
Results by constituency
The list of the members of the Gujarat Vidhan Sabha are as follows:
Bypolls
See also
List of constituencies of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly
2007 elections in India
References
State Assembly elections in Gujarat
2000s in Gujarat
Gujarat
Živa Zdolšek (born October 10, 1989) is a Slovenian basketball player for KK Triglav Kranj and the Slovenian national team.
They participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017.
References
1989 births
Living people
Slovenian women's basketball players
Sportspeople from Celje
Shooting guards
European Games competitors for Slovenia
Basketball players at the 2015 European Games
Afrotrichona is a monotypic genus of east African sheet weavers containing the single species, Afrotrichona mahnerti. It was first described by A. V. Tanasevitch in 2020, and it has only been found in Kenya.
See also
List of Linyphiidae species (A–H)
References
Monotypic Linyphiidae genera
Arthropods of Kenya
Pinnipeds are marine mammals that evolved from arctoid carnivorans that includes seals, eared seals, and walruses. There are 34 recent species of pinnipeds and 102 species of fossil pinnipeds and their stem-relatives (Pinnipedimorpha), collectively referred to as pinnipedimorphs. Scientists still debate on which lineage of arctoid carnviroans are the closest relatives to the pinnipedimorphs, being either more closely related to bears or to musteloids. Two stem-pinniped families found outside of Pinnipedimorpha, Amphicynodontidae and Semantoridae, were in the past considered to be subfamilies of Ursidae and Mustelidae respectively. In comparison to the two other major groups of marine or sea mammals, cetaceans and sirenians, pinnipeds are a relatively younger group having appeared about 24 to 38 million years ago and are still able to return on land to breed.
The list of fossil taxa is based on mostly the historiographical data from Valenzuela-Toro and Pyenson (2019). The two stem-pinniped arctoid families Amphicynodontidae and Semantoridae are included here as well, although neither family are members of Pinnipedimorpha. The list does not include the recently extinct Caribbean monk seal (Neomonachus tropicalis) and the Japanese sea lion (Zalophus japonicus), as they became extinct within the last two centuries.
Phylogeny
Below is an overall phylogeny of the taxa covered in the article followed after a composite tree in Berta et al. (2018) and a total-evidence (combined molecular-morphological) dataset in Paterson et al. (2020):
Stem-pinniped arctoids
†Amphicynodontidae Simpson, 1945
†Amphicticeps Matthew & Granger, 1924
†Amphicticeps makhchinus Wang et al., 2005
†Amphicticeps dorog Wang et al., 2005
†Amphicticeps shackelfordi Matthew & Granger, 1924
†Drassonax Galbreath, 1953
†Drassonax harpagops Galbreath, 1953
†Parictis Scott, 1893 [Campylocynodon Chaffee, 1954]
†Parictis primaevus Scott, 1893
†Parictis personi (Chaffee, 1954) [Campylocynodon personi Chaffee, 1954]
†Parictis montanus Clark & Guensburg, 1972
†Parictis parvus Clark & Beerbower, 1967
†Parictis gilpini Clark & Guensburg, 1972
†Parictis dakotensis Clark, 1936
†Kolponomos Stirton, 1960
†Kolponomos newportensis Tedford et al., 1994
†Kolponomos clallamensis Stirton, 1960
†Allocyon Merriam, 1930
†Allocyon loganensis Merriam, 1930
†Wangictis L. de Bonis et al., 2019
†Wangictis tedfordi (Wang & Qiu, 2003) [Pachycynodon tedfordi Wang & Qiu, 2003]
†Pachycynodon Schlosser, 1888
†Pachycynodon tenuis Teilhard de Chardin, 1915
†Pachycynodon filholi Schlosser, 1888
†Pachycynodon boriei (Filhol, 1876) [Cynodon robustus Filhol, 1876; Pachycynodon gryei (Filhol, 1876); Pachycynodon leymeriei (Filhol, 1876); Pachycynodon curvirostris (Filhol, 1876); Pachycynodon ferratus (Quenstedt, 1885)]
†Pachycynodon crassirostris Schlosser, 1888
†Amphicynodon Filhol, 1881 [Cynodon Aymard, 1848, name already taken by a fish]
†Amphicynodon mongoliensis Janovskaja, 1970
†Amphicynodon teilhardi (Matthew & Granger, 1924) [Cynodon teilhardi Matthew & Granger, 1924]
†Amphicynodon typicus Schlosser, 1888
†Amphicynodon chardini Cirot & De Bonis, 1992
†Amphicynodon cephalogalinus Teilhard, 1915
†Amphicynodon gracilis (Filhol, 1874) [Cynodon gracilis Filhol, 1874]
†Amphicynodon crassirostris (Filhol, 1876) [Cynodon crassirostris Filhol, 1874]
†Amphicynodon brachyrostris (Filhol, 1876) [Cynodon brachyrostris Filhol, 1876]
†Amphicynodon leptorhynchus (Filhol, 1874) [Cynodon leptorhynchus Filhol, 1874]
†Amphicynodon velaunus (Aymard, 1846)
†Semantoridae Orlov, 1931
†Necromites V. V. Bogachev, 1940
†Necromites nestoris V. V. Bogachev, 1940
†Potamotherium Geoffroy, 1833
†Potamotherium miocenicum Peters, 1868
†Potamotherium valletoni Geoffroy, 1833
†Puijila Rybczynski et al., 2009
†Puijila darwini Rybczynski et al., 2009
†Semantor Orlov, 1931
†Semantor macrurus Orlov, 1931
Stem-pinniped pinnipedimorphs
†Enaliarctidae Mitchell & Tedford, 1973
†Enaliarctos Mitchell & Tedford, 1973
†Enaliarctos barnesi Berta, 1991
†Enaliarctos mealsi Mitchell & Tedford, 1973
†Enaliarctos tedfordi Berta, 1991
†Enaliarctos mitchelli Barnes, 1979
†Enaliarctos emlongi Berta, 1991
Stem-pinniped pinnipediforms
†Pinnarctidion Barnes, 1979
†Pinnarctidion rayi Berta, 1994
†Pinnarctidion bishopi Barnes, 1979
†Pacificotaria Barnes, 1992
†Pacificotaria hadromma Barnes, 1992
†Pteronarctos Barnes, 1989
†Pteronarctos piersoni Barnes, 1990
†Pteronarctos goedertae Barnes, 1989
Pinnipeds
Phocoidea J.E. Gray, 1821
Phocidae J. E. Gray, 1821
†Noriphoca Dewaele et al., 2018
†Noriphoca gaudini Guiscardi, 1870 [Monotherium gaudini Guiscardi, 1870]
†Devinophocinae Koretsky & Holec, 2002
†Kawas Cozzuol, 2001
†Kawas benegasorum Cozzuol, 2001
†Devinophoca Koretsky & Holec, 2002
†Devinophoca emryi Koretsky & Rahmat, 2015
†Devinophoca claytoni Koretsky & Rahmat, 2002
Monachinae E. L. Trouessart, 1897
†Australophoca Valenzuela‐Toro et al., 2016
†Australophoca changorum Valenzuela‐Toro et al., 2016
†Virginiaphoca Dewaele et al., 2018
†Virginiaphoca magurai Dewaele et al., 2018
†Properiptychus Ameghino, 1897
†Properiptychus argentinus Ameghino, 1897
†Homiphoca Muizon & Hendey, 1980
†Homiphoca capensis (Hendey & Repenning, 1972) [Prionodelphis capensis Hendey & Repenning, 1972]
†Homiphoca murfreesi Hafed et al.,2022
†Acrophoca Muizon, 1981
†Acrophoca longirostris Muizon, 1981
†Hadrokirus Amson & De Muizon, 2013
†Hadrokirus martini Amson & De Muizon, 2013
†Hadrokirus novotini Hafed et al.,2022
†Piscophoca Muizon, 1981
†Piscophoca pacifica Muizon, 1981
†Pristiphoca Gervais, 1853
†Pristiphoca rugidens (Meyer, 1845) [Monachus rugidens Meyer, 1845]
†Pristiphoca occitana Gervais, 1853
†Terranectes Rahmat et al., 2017
†Terranectes parvus Rahmat et al., 2017
†Terranectes magnus Rahmat et al., 2017
†Magnotherium Rahmat et al., 2021
†Magnotherium johnsii Rahmat et al., 2021
†Afrophoca Koretsky & Domning, 2014
†Afrophoca libyca Koretsky & Domning, 2014
†Pontophoca Kretzoi, 1941
†Pontophoca jutlandica Koretsky et al., 2014
†Pontophoca sarmatica (Alekseev, 1924) [Phoca sarmatica Alekseev, 1924]
†Pontophoca simionescui Kretzoi, 1941
†Palmidophoca Ginsburg & Janvier, 1975
†Palmidophoca callirhoe Ginsburg & Janvier, 1975
†Messiphoca Muizon, 1981
†Messiphoca mauretanica Muizon, 1981
†Auroraphoca Dewaele et al., 2018
†Auroraphoca atlantica Dewaele et al., 2018
†Sarcodectes Rule et al., 2020
†Sarcodectes magnus Rule et al., 2020
Monachini E. L. Trouessart, 1897
†Pliophoca Tavani, 1941
†Pliophoca etrusca Tavani, 1941
†Eomonachus Rule et al., 2020
†Eomonachus belegaerensis Rule et al., 2020
Miroungini Muizon, 1981
†Callophoca van Beneden, 1876
†Callophoca obscura van Beneden, 1876
Phocinae J.E. Gray, 1869
†Leptophoca True, 1906
†Leptophoca amphiatlantica Koretsky et al., 2012
†Leptophoca proxima (van Beneden, 1876) [Phoca proxima van Beneden, 1876; Leptophoca lenis True 1906]
†Nanophoca Dewaele et al., 2017
†Nanophoca vitulinoides (van Beneden, 1871) [Phoca vitulinoides van Beneden, 1871]
†Frisiphoca Dewaele et al., 2018
†Frisiphoca affine (van Beneden, 1876) [Monotherium affine van Beneden, 1876]
†Frisiphoca aberratum (van Beneden, 1876) [Monotherium aberratum van Beneden, 1876)]
†Cryptophoca Koretsky & Ray, 1994
†Cryptophoca maeotica (Nordmann, 1860) [Monotherium maeotica Koretsky 2001]
†Monotherium van Beneden, 1876
†Monotherium delognii van Beneden, 1876
†Prophoca van Beneden, 1876
†Prophoca rousseaui van Beneden, 1876
†Monachopsis Kretzoi, 1941
†Monachopsis pontica (Eichwald, 1850) [Monachus pontica Eichwald, 1850]
†Sarmatonectes Koretsky, 2001
†Sarmatonectes sintsovi Koretsky, 2001
†Phocanella van Beneden, 1877
†Phocanella pumila van Beneden, 1877
Erignathini Chapski, 1955
†Platyphoca van Beneden, 1876
†Platyphoca danica Koretsky et al., 2014
†Platyphoca vulgaris van Beneden, 1876
Cystophorini Burns & Fay, 1970
†Miophoca Zapfe, 1937
†Miophoca vetusta Zapfe, 1937
†Pachyphoca Koretsky & Rahmat, 2013
†Pachyphoca chapskii Koretsky & Rahmat, 2013
†Pachyphoca ukrainica Koretsky & Rahmat, 2013
Phocini J. E. Gray, 1821
Histriophoca Gill, 1873
†Histriophoca alekseevi Koretsky, 2001
†Gryphoca van Beneden, 1877
†Gryphoca nordica Koretsky et al., 2014
†Gryphoca similis van Beneden, 1877
†Batavipusa Koretsky & Peters, 2008
†Batavipusa neerlandica Koretsky & Peters, 2008
†Planopusa Rahmat & Koretsky, 2021
†Planopusa semenovi Rahmat & Koretsky, 2021
†Praepusa Kretzoi, 1941
†Praepusa pannonica Kretzoi, 1941
†Praepusa boeska Koretsky et al., 2015
†Praepusa magyaricus Koretsky, 2003
†Praepusa tarchankutica Antoniuk & Koretsky, 1984
†Praepusa vindobonensis (Toula, 1897) [Phoca vindobonensis Toula, 1897]
Phoca Linnaeus, 1758
†Phoca moori Newton, 1890
Otarioidea J. E. Gray, 1821
†Desmatophocidae Hay, 1930
†Eodesmus Tate-Jones et al., 2020
†Eodesmus condoni Tate-Jones et al., 2020
†Allodesminae Mitchell, 1968
†Atopotarus Downs, 1956
†Atopotarus courseni Downs, 1956
†Allodesmus Kellogg, 1922
†Allodesmus packardi Barnes, 1972
†Allodesmus uraiporensis Tonomori et al., 2018
†Allodesmus naorai Kohno, 1996
†Allodesmus sinanoensis Nagao, 1941
†Allodesmus demerei Boessenecker & Churchill, 2018
†Allodesmus kernensis Kellogg, 1922
†Desmatophocinae Hay, 1930
†Desmatophoca Condon, 1906
†Desmatophoca brachycephala Barnes, 1987
†Desmatophoca oregonensis Condon, 1906
Odobenidae J. A. Allen, 1880
†Prototaria Takeyama & Ozawa, 1984
†Prototaria planicephala Kohno, 1994
†Prototaria primigena Takeyama & Ozawa, 1984
†Proneotherium Kohno et al., 1995
†Proneotherium repenningi Kohno et al., 1995
†Neotherium Kellogg, 1931
†Neotherium mirum Kellogg, 1931
†Kamtschatarctos Dubrovo, 1981
†Kamtschatarctos sinelnikovae Dubrovo, 1981
†Pseudotaria Kohno, 2006
†Pseudotaria muramotoi Kohno, 2006
†Archaeodobenus Tanaka & Kohno, 2015
†Archaeodobenus akamatsui Tanaka & Kohno, 2015
†Nanodobenus Velez & Salinas-Marquez, 2018
†Nanodobenus arandai Velez & Salinas-Marquez, 2018
†Pelagiarctos Barnes, 1988
†Pelagiarctos thomasi Barnes, 1988
†Titanotaria Magallanes et al., 2018
†Titanotaria orangensis Magallanes et al., 2018
†Imagotaria Mitchell, 1968
†Imagotaria downsi Mitchell, 1968
†Pontolis True, 1905
†Pontolis barroni Biewer, Velez-Juarbe & Parham, 2020
†Pontolis kohnoi Biewer, Velez-Juarbe & Parham, 2020
†Pontolis magnus (True, 1905) [Pontoleon magnus True, 1905]
†Osodobenus Biewer, Velez-Juarbe & Parham, 2020
†Osodobenus eodon Biewer, Velez-Juarbe & Parham, 2020
Neodobenia Magallanes et al., 2018
†Dusignathinae Mitchell, 1968
†Gomphotaria Barnes & Rashke, 1991
†Gomphotaria pugnax Barnes & Rashke, 1991
†Dusignathus Kellogg, 1927
†Dusignathus seftoni Deméré, 1994
†Dusignathus santacruzensis Kellogg, 1927
Odobeninae J. A. Allen, 1880
†Aivukus Repenning & Tedford, 1977
†Aivukus cedrosensis Repenning & Tedford, 1977
†Protodobenus Horikawa, 1995
†Protodobenus japonicus Horikawa, 1995
†Pliopedia Kellogg, 1921
†Pliopedia pacifica Kellogg, 1921
†Ontocetus Leidy, 1859
†Ontocetus emmonsi Leidy, 1859
†Valenictus Mitchell, 1961
†Valenictus chulavistensis Deméré 1994
†Valenictus imperialensis Mitchell, 1961
Odobenus Brisson, 1762
†Odobenus mandanoensis Tomida, 1989
Panotariidae Velez-Juarbe, 2017
†Eotaria Boessenecker & Churchill, 2015
†Eotaria circa Velez-Juarbe, 2017
†Eotaria crypta Boessenecker & Churchill, 2015
Otariidae J. E. Gray, 1825
Callorhinae Muizon, 1978
†Pithanotaria Kellogg, 1925
†Pithanotaria starri Kellogg, 1925
Callorhinus J. E. Gray, 1859
†Callorhinus inouei (Kohno, 1992) [Thalassoleon inouei Kohno, 1992]
†Callorhinus macnallyae (Repenning & Tedford, 1977) [Thalassoleon macnallyae Repenning & Tedford, 1977]
†Callorhinus gilmorei Berta & Deméré, 1986
Otariinae J. E. Gray, 1825
†Thalassoleon Repenning & Tedford, 1977
†Thalassoleon mexicanus Repenning & Tedford, 1977
Zalophini J. E. Gray, 1869
†Proterozetes Barnes et al., 2006
†Proterozetes ulysses Barnes et al., 2006
†Oriensarctos Mitchell, 1968
†Oriensarctos watasei (Matsumoto, 1925) [Eumetopias watasei Matsumoto, 1925]
Otariini J. E. Gray, 1825
Otaria Péron, 1816
†Otaria fischeri Gervais & Ameghino, 1880
Neophoca J. E. Gray, 1866
†Neophoca palatina King, 1983
†Hydrarctos Muizon, 1978
†Hydrarctos lomasiensis Muizon, 1978
See also
List of pinniped species
References
Prehistoric pinnipeds
Fossils
Fossil record of animals
This is a list of songs written by Burt Bacharach.
Chart hits and other notable songs written by Burt Bacharach
References
Bacharach, Burt
Johann Karl Philipp, Graf von Cobenzl (21 July 1712 in Laibach (now Ljubljana) – 27 January 1770 in Brussels) was an 18th-century politician in the Habsburg monarchy. They were minister plenipotentiary of the Austrian Netherlands in Brussels under Empress Maria Theresia from 1753 until their death in 1770.
Life
Cobenzl was born in 1712 in Laibach, the capital of the Duchy of Carniola in the Habsburg Empire (present-day Ljubljana, Slovenia) as the son of Johann Caspar von Cobenzl (1664-1742), Imperial councillor and their second wife Carolina Sophia von Rindsmaul (1682-1756), and thus a member of the Austrian Von Cobenzl family.
They studied in Leiden and Würzburg and subsequently became treasurer of the emperor in 1730. Five years later, in 1735, they were appointed Imperial councillor, in succession of their father. From 1738 onward, they were committed to solve the boundary problems between Upper Lorraine and Lower Lorraine. During the reign of Empress Maria Theresia they were travelling as an envoy throughout the Habsburg Empire solving all kinds of problems.
On 19 May 1753, Cobenzl was appointed minister plenipotentiary of the Austrian Netherlands in Brussels by Empress Maria Theresia. Their predecessor was Antoniotto Botta Adorno who then became Prime minister of Tuscany.
In 1759, Cobenzl was appointed member of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
Cobenzl's long term in office as minister plenipotentiary is seen as a successful period, although they constantly had to struggle with lack of money.
Well noted is their strong ambition for arts and culture throughout their life and they collected a huge amount of art. In 1768 in Brussels Catherine the Great bought the collections of Count Karl von Cobenzl and Prince Charles de Ligne which are now displayed in the Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
In 1769, a 'literary society' was established by Count Johann Karl Philipp von Cobenzl in Brussels, initially led by Johann Daniel Schöpflin and with regard to its resources mainly based on the vast collection of books and manuscripts of the library of the Burgundian dukes. These books and manuscripts were saved from destruction by fire when the Coudenberg Palace, the residence of the archdukes, burnt down in 1731.
However, shortly after the foundation of the society, Cobenzl died in Brussels in January 1770 at the age of 57. Georg Adam, Prince of Starhemberg (1724-1807) became their successor as minister plenipotentiary of the Austrian Netherlands. Starhemberg continued the efforts of their predecessor in Brussels by transforming Cobenzl's 'literary society' in 1772 into the 'Imperial and Royal Academy of Brussels' with the approval of Empress Maria Theresia.
Private life
On 24 November 1734, Johann Karl Philipp von Cobenzl married Maria Theresia Katharina Walburga Pálffy ab Erdöd (1719 - 1771), a granddaughter of Imperial field marshal Johann Bernhard Stephan, Graf Pálffy ab Erdöd (1664 - 1751). Ten children stemmed from this marriage, among them their famous son Johann Ludwig, Graf von Cobenzl, born in 1753.
Karl von Cobenzl was a proponent of Enlightenment and a crucial figure for the promotion and support of Enlightenment in the Habsburg Netherlands. Due to their lavish spending on art, the deceased count left their wife a huge amount of debt in 1770. These debts were repaid by Empress Maria Theresa who subsequently also supported the widow.
Descendants
Johanna Maria Anna (* 1735, † 1736)
Marie Eleonore : married to the 3rd Marquess of Becelaere, who was executed by Guillotine.
Marie Thérèse von Cobenzl (1739-1778): marr. Philippe Roger Joseph de Varick de Sart Baulai.
Franz Joseph (* 1740, † 1741)
Josepha (* 16. März 1741, † 1741)
Johann Karl (* 14. Juli 1742, † 6. December 1751)
Johann Ludwig, Graf von Cobenzl, born in 1753
See also
Philipp von Cobenzl
External links
ADB:Cobenzl, at de.wikisource.org (in German)
Cobenzl, Ludwig (ADB), at deutsche-biographie.de (in German)
Cobenzl at viaf.org
References
1712 births
1770 deaths
Politicians from Ljubljana
Politicians from Brussels
Counts of Austria
18th-century Austrian people
Austrian diplomats
Knights of the Golden Fleece
Members of the Royal Academy of Belgium
Diplomats from Ljubljana
On 23 March 2020, Islamists carried out massacres of soldiers in Chad and Nigeria.
Attack on Bohama camp
Starting at 5am, Boko Haram gunmen attacked Bohama military camp on an island in Lake Chad. The attack took place from four sides, attacking with about 400 soldiers. The jihadists overran the camp after seven hours of fighting. Reinforcement were sent from the town of Kaïga Kindjiria to relive the stricken camp but got stuck and were ambushed. In total 98 Chadian soldiers were killed, 47 wounded, and 24 vehicles destroyed.
Gorgi ambush
In the evening, insurgents with rocket-propelled grenades and other heavy weaponry ambushed an army lorry and incinerated it, killing about 70 Nigerian soldiers, in Gorgi, a village in Borno State in the northeast of the country. Several other soldiers were injured and some others kidnapped. The lorry was part of a convoy which was travelling from Maiduguri to an ISIL camp.
References
2020 murders in Nigeria
2020 murders in Africa
March 2020 crimes in Africa
2020s massacres in Nigeria
Mass murder in 2020
Mass murder in Borno State
Terrorist incidents in Borno State
Terrorist incidents in Nigeria in 2020
Hannula is a Finnish-language surname. Notable people with the name include:
Dick Hannula, American swimming coach
Edvard Hannula (1859–1931), Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician
Heidi Hannula (born 1980), Finnish sprinter
Janne Hannula (born 1982), Finnish football player
Jim Hannula (born 1959), American football player
Joose Olavi Hannula (1900–1944), Finnish colonel and historian
Mandi Hannula (1880–1952), Finnish schoolteacher and politician
Mika Hannula, (born 1979), Swedish ice hockey player
Mikko Hannula, Finnish sports commentator and journalist
Rodney R. Hannula, retired Major General in the National Guard of the United States
Toni Hannula (born 1962), Finnish wrestler
Finnish-language surnames
Bynum is an unincorporated community in northeastern Chatham County, North Carolina, United States on the banks of the Haw River. Bynum is five miles north of Pittsboro and 11 miles south of Chapel Hill. It is also known as Bynum Mill Village or Bynum Mill Hill.
Bynum's most notable building is the Bynum General Store at 950 Bynum Road, Bynum, NC 27228. For many years the store, run by Frank and Louise Harris, was known as Harris and Farrell General Store. The post office, once located at an older store to the south, brought everyone in town and many nearby rural residents to the store. Retired loggers, business people, and mill workers often sat on the bench in front of the store passing on news and rumors and telling stories. The store was a natural community center and information hub. When the store and post office closed in 2006, the community formed a non-profit called Bynum Front Porch and kept the store in use as an event and community center. The Bynum Front Porch Music Series runs every Friday evening, May–September at the Bynum General Store. Tift Merritt started their music career playing on the General Store's front porch.
The town began life as a "cotton mill town." The original mill was built about 1872 beside the Haw River. There was a wooden dam about 1000 feet upstream and water from the mill race powered water wheels. Later the dam was rebuilt with concrete and electrical generators installed. The spinning mill was purchased by John Milton Odell of Concord, North Carolina in 1886.
In stages from circa 1890 to 1910, small two to six-room houses were built on the hill above the mill and rented to the mill workers and their families. Bynum was one of the first areas in Chatham County to have electric lights because turbines provided electricity for both the mill operation and the houses. The mill workers were paid in scrip. The scrip was only usable to pay their rent or at the "company store" (also owned by the mill).
In the 1970s the county commissioners, using federal grant money, bought the 73 mill worker houses from J.M.Odell Manufacturing Company with a Housing and Urban Development grant. With the money the streets were paved, cement blocks enclosed brick piers under houses, electrical boxes were updated and each house was supplied with indoor plumbing for a kitchen and bathroom. The existing tenants, who had been paying less than $10 a month rent to the mill, were given the chance to buy their homes with favorable long-term mortgages. Many mill workers had lived all their lives in these homes. Most bought their homes. Other homes found eager buyers. Many of the mill workers, suddenly in possession of rapidly appreciating assets, sold to newcomers and bought more modern homes elsewhere. Many of the new owners were college educated younger people, musicians, craftspeople, and artists.
Odell Manufacturing closed the Bynum mill in December, 1983. It was sold to a business person from the neighboring county who used part of it to make lamp shades, but soon went out of business. The mill buildings sat vacant and decaying for many years, then burned down in March, 2001. Most of the original mill houses are still standing and are now private homes.
The former mill site is now part of the Lower Haw River State Natural Area. There is a canoe put-in, trail head and parking lot on Bynum Church Road. A two mile trail follows the Haw River southeast to Pokeberry Creek. Interpretive displays about the mill and the mill village are under development. The turbine building is still standing and the mill race empties into the Haw River nearby. The area adjoins and is managed by the Jordan Lake State Recreation Area.
The bridge crossing the Haw River at Bynum was originally a covered wooden bridge. It connected the major North/South highway in piedmont area of North Carolina—with Chapel Hill to the north and Pittsboro and Sanford to the south. The old Bynum Bridge replaced it in 1922 - concrete and approximately an 800 foot span. It was closed to motor vehicle traffic in 1999, but it is currently a pedestrian bridge and part of the statewide designated bicycle route as well as being a gathering place for the community on Halloween where many local folks artfully carve Jack-o'-lanterns and display them along the sides of the bridge. Cars now cross the Haw River on the newer US 15-501 bridges about 1000 feet north. There is another canoe take-out, dam and the mill race sluice gates at US 15-501.
Hundreds of Jack-o-lanterns line the old bridge rails on Halloween night from dark until midnight, and local artist and musicians perform. There are haunted houses and trick or treaters at the Bynum Methodist Church and Ruritan Club near the old bridge.
The Bynum Community Garden is on Bynum Hill Road. Chatham County's Earl Thompson Park is also on Bynum Hill Road and has playground and a baseball field.
The Robert Joseph Moore House and Dr. E. H. Ward Farm are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Notable people
Banker and philanthropist Bill Bynum was raised in Bynum.
References
Company towns in North Carolina
Cotton mills in the United States
History of the textile industry
Spinning
Unincorporated communities in Chatham County, North Carolina
Weaving
Unincorporated communities in North Carolina
is a public women's junior college in Fukuyama, Hiroshima, Japan, established in 1963.
In August 2010 the college announced that it stopped admitting students in preparation for Fukuyama City University (established in April 2011).
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1963
Public universities in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hiroshima Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1963 establishments in Japan
Talia in the Kitchen is an American telenovela-formatted teen sitcom that premiered on Nickelodeon on July 6, 2015. It was an adaptation of the Nickelodeon Latin American telenovela, Toni, la Chef, and was created by Mariela Romero & Catharina Ledeboer, the same writers who made Every Witch Way & WITS Academy.
On March 4, 2015, Nickelodeon ordered 40 episodes for the series, all the episodes making up the first season. The season premiered on July 6, 2015, and continued on November 30, 2015. Before the next set of episodes, a sneak peek of the set aired on November 25, 2015. A majority of the episodes aired in July and December 2015. Very few episodes were shown in-between those months. On January 12, 2016, it was confirmed that the show was cancelled.
Plot
14-year-old Talia Parra has their passion for cooking take flight when they and their younger sister visit their grandmother in Miami for the summer and later move in with them With help from their new friends and their late father's magical spices, Talia revives business in their family restaurant by cooking truly life-changing meals that are just what each customer needs.
Cast and characters
Talia Parra (Maria Quezada): An optimistic girl who loves everything and is fond of cooking, ready to help Lola's. They don't like the Fuccinellis due to their rivalry after them closing Lola's. Debbie Fuccinelli, Talia's greatest rival, works at Fuccinelli's. The two are constantly competing to see who is the better one of the two. Talia has made it their goal to try and surpass Debbie, and dislikes anyone affiliated with them However, they did have a crush on Tyson, Debbie's twin brother. Them two best friends are Rudy & Valerie. Them little sister is Julia, a child prodigy who helps to get Lola's back into shape. Talia finds magic spices their father has been hiding from them after a long time, and they later discovers they are a SpiceMaster, someone special who can use these spices with the effects.
Deborah "Debbie" Fuccinelli (Gail Soltys): Talia's main rival. They dream of ruling the restaurant world with an iron fist, and will ruin the life of anyone who dares oppose them Which is why they have chosen Lola's, the Fuccinelli's rival restaurant, as their target. Debbie is seen constantly competing with Talia Parra, a chef at Lola's and their greatest rival, to see who's the better one between the two. They find it irritating to meet someone who has the "nerve" to try to compete against them So, Debbie has taken it upon themselves to teach Talia, and anyone who helps her, a lesson in what means to mess with Debbie Fuccinelli. Debbie acts like no one can beat her, but they are secretly tends has little confidence in their skills, believing that their best isn't good enough. This was shown during the second half of the series, when they inadvertently accept a win against Talia in a cooking contest when their cousin and teacher, Frenchie, cheated. Debbie loses their self-confidence because their win wasn't fair. They eventually learn to not have so much doubt and regains their confidence in the kitchen. They also become nicer and kind towards Lola's, no longer trying to sabotage them and even helping them. All Debbie basically wants to do is be the best chef they can be. They obviously care a lot about their family and their business, and is willing to do anything to protect the Fuccinelli name.
Julie Parra (Galilea La Salvia): Julia is Talia's younger sister who's the incomer of Lola's.  They are smart, creative, gifted, and talented. Even though they are younger, Julia is often the one to take the role as older sister, being more responsible and mature than Talia.  They are a child prodigy with a knack for making complex and amazing inventions that never fail to hold other people in awe. They have a passion for fixing things such as the sign of Lola's and making the stove hotter. After they move to Miami to live with their grandma for the summer, Julie helps Talia jump-start the mission to save Lola's. Julia is quite arguably the most important person in Talia's life, often giving their words of advice and helping them out of jam. However, that doesn't mean that they don't have their bad moments. Julia uses their superior intellect to easily outwit and manipulate Talia to do whatever they want. Julia can also often get them in trouble, and the two of them also argue a lot, not always seeing eye to eye. Julia can get infuriated by Talia's unseriousness, while Talia is annoyed by Julia's mischievousness. Even so, at the end of the day, the two still love each other. Like their sister, she's is also a very talented chef. Julia isn't just good with their hands when it comes to making machines, but also making delicious meals. Julia uses their bright and brilliant mind and their many other abilities to help put Lola's back on track. Especially if it means they can do it in their own unique and amazing way.
Rudy Rosales (Joshua Hoffman): Talia's best friend.  They are great at fixing things, such as putting Mexican music, which everybody hates, in Miami; they also can make Mexican into Punk Rock just for Talia. At first, Talia didn't like Rudy because they would be every other typical guy, but they developed feelings in "Sugar Rush", though Talia had a crush on Tyson. Rudy is great friends with Valerie too and doesn't like Fuccinelli's as much as Lola's.
Valerie Landry (Ellis Ann Jackson): Talia's best friend.  They are very kind and sweet but they are very scared to commit any crimes. They confess a lot because they want to tell the truth. They also don't like getting into trouble due to their parents grounding her, or for some other reason. Valerie tries to be in their good side and bad side, but it has to work.  They are great friends with Talia & Rudy.
Tyson Fuccinelli (Liam Obergfoll): Debbie's twin brother who couldn't be any more different from them He's charming, polite and a little bit clueless, but he's got a good heart. He's a total heartthrob, awesome athlete and thanks to their killer smile, they are Talia's love interest.
Federico "Frenchie" Fuccinelli (Miguel Luciano): Debbie's cousin and the head chef of the Fuccinelli's Restaurant who doesn't want to make the business fall if Lola's was reopened by Talia. Frenchie is very strict, egotistical, and wants everything perfect.  They are even a bigger enemy to them, because they are not a nice guy to be around, and they do bad actions, like taking down the posters for Lola's in "Don't Cry Over spilt Tres Leches".  They are sworn enemies with Lola's and tries to close it again, but Talia's plans could keep it open for years.  They are unable to realize their envy against Lola's, due to their belief is that they "looks good on everything".
Dolores Parra (Jeannette Lehr): Talia and Julie's grandmother and a sweet lady who wants to share their taste in culinary arts. They taught Talia how to cook, and they were the owner of Lola's until it was closed down by the Fuccinellis. They encourage Talia to step in and be the best.
Rocky Palroso (Ethan Estrada): A 12-year-old boy whom Julie meets at the local community center. They have helped Talia, Julie, Rudy, and Valerie many times (most likely because has a crush on Julie), always stating that they "knows a guy."
Avery (Marika Dumancas): Debbie's best friend who stays with Debbie and Frenchie at Fuccinelli's. She's usually seen with a deadpan expression and is always texting or taking pictures, including selfies. Them sarcasm and one liners are a stark contrast to Debbie.
Jayden Grubb (William Wilson): A chef introduced in the episode "Storm and Grubb" who is a SpiceMaster just like Talia. They and their brother Michael work in a food truck called Brothers in Grubb. Jayden has a crush on Talia, but since they are both SpiceMasters, they have to compete against each other.
Michael Grubb (Cooper Rowe): Jayden's brother who works with Jayden in their food truck. They help Jayden train to go against Talia.
Will (Tommy Goodman): A chef who used to work at Lola's before moving to Fuccinelli's after Lola's was closed. They later returned to Lola's, but was after the magic spices.
Episodes
Broadcast
Talia in the Kitchen made its global debut on Nickelodeon in the United States on July 6, 2015, right after the premiere of the fourth and final season of Every Witch Way. In India, the series debuted on Disney Channel on March 4, 2018. In Canada, the series premiered on September 7, 2015 on YTV.
References
External links
2010s American single-camera sitcoms
2010s American teen sitcoms
2010s Nickelodeon original programming
2015 American television series debuts
2015 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Nickelodeon telenovelas
YTV (Canadian TV channel) original programming
Television series about teenagers
Television shows set in Miami
Tarakçı is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 299 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Niamana is a rural commune in the Cercle of Nara in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The commune has an area of 4,985 km2 and contains 39 villages. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 28,166. The administrative centre is the village of Mourdiah.
References
External links
.
Communes of Koulikoro Region
Ceroprepes naga is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes. It was described by Roesler and Küppers, in 1979, and is known from Sumatra and Japan.
References
Moths described in 1979
Phycitinae
Moths of Japan
Gary Hershberger (born April 5, 1964) is an American actor and screenwriter.  They are best known for their television roles as Mike Nelson in Twin Peaks (1989–1991; 2017) and Matthew Gilardi on Six Feet Under (2001–2002).
Early life and education
Hershberger was born in Inglewood, California. From 1982 to 1986, they studied history and communication at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Career
Acting
 They are probably best known for Twin Peaks, appearing the 1990 original series on ABC and the 2017 revival on Showtime, Twin Peaks: The Return, along with the movie Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me (and Twin Peaks: The Missing Pieces).
Feature film roles include a mix of starring and supporting roles in Paradise Motel, My Man Adam, Free Ride, Beverly Hills Madam, Burglar, The Siege of Firebase Gloria, The Heroes of Desert Storm, Forever Love, Deep Core, Sneakers, Faith, Hope & Love, One Man's Hero, and the IMAX documentary Magnificent Desolation: Walking on the Moon 3D. TV movie roles include Into the Homeland, Perry Mason: The Case of the Avenging Ace, The Love They Sought, and The Christmas Pageant.
Hershberger has appeared in episodes of Grey's Anatomy, The West Wing, Murder, They Wrote, Columbo, The OC, JAG, Knight Rider, Highway to Heaven, China Beach, and the pilot episode of The Whispers.
Screenwriting and the Actor's Director Workshop
 They are a screenwriter and co-wrote the TV movie Python. They wrote the upcoming movie Late in the Season, which will also be their directorial debut. They won a PAGE International Screenwriting Award, and they were a finalist for other screenwriting awards.
They and their Twin Peaks co-star Sheryl Lee co-founded the Actor's Director Workshop. They have taught at the University of Southern California, UCLA, Pepperdine, and Loyola Marymount University.
Their production company is called Deer Mountain Productions.
Personal life
 They are married with four children.
Filmography
Film
Television
Screenwriting
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
American male film actors
American male television actors
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Male actors from Inglewood, California
The 1976–77 Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball team represented the University of Notre Dame during the 1976–77 NCAA men's basketball season.
Roster
Schedule
References
Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball seasons
Notre Dame
Notre Dame
Notre Dame Fighting Irish
Notre Dame Fighting Irish
The Human Expression was an American garage and psychedelic rock band from Los Angeles that released three well-regarded singles, and made additional demo recordings between 1966 and 1967.
History
The band formed in 1966, with the members coming from Westminster, California, and Tustin, California (both in Orange County). Jim Quarles came up with the name "because it had a mystical and otherworldly ring", and the father of one of the band members (Jim Foster) served as their manager. The two then began writing songs for the new band: "I didn't know what I was doing at the time. I just wrote the songs with Jim Foster. I didn't have any prior experience." The band would start performing in local venues and school dances to create a more cohesive unit.
After rehearsing for six months, they went to a recording studio and cut the demo recordings for their first single, eventually securing a recording contract with Los Angeles-based Accent Records. While the "A" side of the demo single was selected, the "B" side was replaced with a song that is probably their best known recording, "Love at Psychedelic Velocity."
Two more original compositions made up the second single; the demos and the released recordings of each side have survived. Both singles were mixed by Wally Heider, famed for their work with the Grateful Dead.
Perhaps due to the slow sales of the band's own songs, their manager brought demos of two songs by then-unknown songwriter Mars Bonfire to the band to consider for their third single. They selected "Sweet Child of Nothingness" as the "A" side of their third single, to be backed with another original composition as the "B" side. The other song was "Born to Be Wild," which did not impress Jim Quarles; in 1968, this would become a smash hit by Steppenwolf. The band, at this point, also began playing across the Sunset Strip but were limited in venues due to still being minors.
Before the band's third single was released, lead guitarist Martin Eshleman injured their hand. The band was practicing, and were taking a break when Tom Hamilton accidentally slammed a door on Eshleman's hand, lodging it in glass. Eshleman had severed tendons and an artery, and was forced to leave the band. Although a new guitarist was brought in, Quarles left almost immediately: "This move kind of destroyed the chemistry of the band. I felt it was time to move on".
Musical highlights
"Love at Psychedelic Velocity" is featured on the last of the 10 LPs issued by BFD Records in the Pebbles series as well as on Vol. 7 of the Garage Beat '66 CD series, put out by Sundazed Records. It has an unusual structure in that, in two places, the pace of the song slows down dramatically – sounding like the Vogues, according to the liner notes for Pebbles, Volume 10 – and then speeds to a breakneck pace immediately afterward. Despite the song's name, "Love at Psychedelic Velocity" is more in the style of a garage rock song than a psychedelic rock song.
This being the 1960s, the original B-side of their first single, "Readin' Your Will", may have been dropped due to its being a cautionary tale about a friend who is indulging too much in illicit sex and drugs. Had it remained the single's flip side, this song would have been released in the same year as "Kicks" by Paul Revere and the Raiders, which has a similar theme.
Their second single is an ethereal psychedelic rock number called "Optical Sound", where the singer is collecting their thoughts after a drug experience. The title may refer to the synesthesia that is sometimes experienced by people on an LSD trip. This may be their best recording, and it is included on twice as many compilation albums as "Love at Psychedelic Velocity."
As a later reviewer noted: "In a different reality, they might've been a more mature and serious competitor to the Seeds, perhaps even succeeding at doing what the Doors did, only without the literary pretensions or personal excesses."
Post break-up
Following the break-up of The Human Expression, Quarles cut several demo recordings in the studio, though they were not released until collected on a 1994 retrospective album (see below). They have worked for many years as a studio engineer in the music industry.
The music of The Human Expression has been compiled by Collectables Records/Cicadelic Records on a retrospective album called Love at Psychedelic Velocity that was released in 1994.
Meantime, Martin Eshelman and Armand Poulin were in the process of establishing another band called "Rap", with guitarist Tony Foley and bass player Able Rodrigez. Though they worked out some pretty good songs together, the band disbanded for unknown reasons.
A compilation album, The Human Expression & Other Psychedelic Groups, was released by the same label in 2000 and featured three of their songs (and virtually the same cover), plus additional recordings by several other bands. Though listed as a track unique to this CD, "Your Mind Works in Reverse" is the same song and recording as "Room of Shadows" which appears on some other Human Expression compilations. Whether this song is actually by the band or by Jim Quarles individually is unclear, although the unreleased songs on Love at Psychedelic Velocity are credited only to Quarles.
There are also many sites where songs by The Human Expression are available as downloads.
Finally, the original 45s also surface occasionally and are in great demand. In 2003, an original pressing of the "Optical Sound" single sold on eBay for $2,300.
Discography
Retrospective album
Love at Psychedelic Velocity; Collectables Records (#COL-0588); 1994 release on CD
Singles
"Everynight" b/w "Love at Psychedelic Velocity"; Accent Records (#1214); rel. summer 1966?
"Optical Sound" b/w "Calm Me Down"; Accent Records (#1226); rel. winter 1966?
"Sweet Child of Nothingness" b/w "I Don't Need Nobody"; Accent Records (#1252); rel. summer 1967?
Compilations
"Love at Psychedelic Velocity":
Pebbles, Volume 10 (LP).
Best of Pebbles, Volume 3 (LP and CD)
Songs We Taught the Fuzztones (LP and CD)
"Optical Sound":
Nuggets#1: Original Artyfacts From The First Psychedelic Era 1965-1968 (box set)
Echoes in Time, Volume 1 (LP)
Echoes in Time, Volumes 1 and 2 (CD)
Psychedelic Disaster Whirl (LP)
The Human Expression & Other Psychedelic Groups (CD)
Green Crystal Ties, Volume 6 (CD)
Garage Beat '66, Volume 5 (CD)
"Everynight":
Highs in the Mid-Sixties, Volume 3 (LP)
Green Crystal Ties, Volume 9 (CD)
"Calm Me Down":
Highs in the Mid-Sixties, Volume 20 (LP)
The Human Expression & Other Psychedelic Groups (CD)
Green Crystal Ties, Volume 6 (CD)
"Readin' Your Will":
Green Crystal Ties, Volume 9 (CD)
Garage Beat '66, Volume 5 (CD)
"Who Is Burning?":
Psychedelic Crown Jewels, Volume 1 (LP and CD)
"Your Mind Works in Reverse" (a.k.a. "Room of Shadows"):
The Human Expression & Other Psychedelic Groups (CD)
References
1966 establishments in California
Garage rock groups from California
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Musical groups established in 1966
Musical groups disestablished in 1967
Psychedelic rock music groups from California
Mayoon or Maiun is a village and a small region of modern farms in the high mountainous Hunza area of northern Pakistan. It lies along one of the paths of the ancient Silk Road and has long been a trade crossroads for China, Afghanistan, India, and Pakistan. This has led to skirmishes and battles over the centuries.
Mayoon has approximately 120 dwellings (1,000 residents) along the alpine Hunza-Nagar River. Mayoon is 218 km southwest of China by the Karakoram Highway, 150 km north of India, and less than 100 km southeast of Afghanistan. The economy is sustained by agriculture and tourism. This region of the Hunza Valley is known for its high quality water, scenic views of the nearby mountain peaks, and its advanced agriculture. Major crops include corn, wheat, mulberries, peas and assorted vegetables. The mountainous region also produces fruits including grapes, apricots, plums, and cherries.
Language
The dominant local language is Shina, an Indo-Aryan language. The Shina spoken at Mayoon is a regional dialect which diverges somewhat from the Shina spoken in nearby Gilgit and Nager. Brushuski, Wakhi language, and Domki are also spoken within the region. Urdu, Pakistan's national language, functions as the lingua franca while English is spoken among the educated and those involved in the tourism industry.
History
Most of Mayoon's 1,000 residents are descendants of Shinaki Hunza migrants from the town of Nasirabad. The Shinaki group settled the area in the early 19th century.
The region falls along one of the many Silk Road trade routes and has been contested by Chinese, Indian, Afghan, Soviet, and English armies over the centuries. Nasirabad and Mayoon are old settlements which used to be the first bastions of defence in the lower Hunza valley, protecting the main upper Hunza region. People from Nasirabad and Mayoon fought wars and battles against Sikhs, British and other forces in the late 19th century. ‘Sikh Mara Jung' is a deep, narrow valley where the people of Mayoon defeated an army of 500 Sikhs in a single night. Colonel Durand was wounded by a gunshot, reportedly fired from Mayoon Fort.
The modern stereotyping of Shinakis as straightforward and aggressive people stems from the centuries of fighting. Besides warfare, the region of the Hunza Shinaki was also famous for its simplicity. The King of Hunza had a special respect for lower Hunza. In the modern era, people of these areas are typically well educated, simple and financially strong.
Amir Hussain, emerging young intellectual, columnist and one of the leading social development experts of Gilgit-Baltistan , belongs to the Village of Mayoon.  They are a graduate of London School of Economics and has been one of the well known figures in the contemporary intellectual history of Hunza.
Culture
The culture of the Shinaki tribe of Mayoon derives from local social customs and religious practice. The main celebrations are Nowruz, Ginani and Saalgirah. On such occasions, traditional delicacies are made.
Mayoon is a Pakistani pre-wedding custom, during which the bride often goes into a 7- to 15-day seclusion before the wedding. The seclusion is from the groom until the wedding. In other cases, a party of their close friends is held, during which they dress in yellow. It is not known if this custom takes its name from the community of Mayoon, or if the name is separately derived.
Both private and government educational institutions operate in the region. Most of the people of the Mayoon region are Isma'ili Muslims, followers of the Aga Khan.
Transport
Popularly known as the Silk Road, the Karakoram Highway (KKH) runs about 100 km from Gilgit to Hunza. Most people travel by road; it takes between two and three hours to reach Hunza from Gilgit. The journey from Islamabad to Hunza can take as long as 24 hours. The main bus stand is on the KKH in Aliabad. Along the KKH, there are booking agents in towns for long-distance buses and jeeps.
From Kashgar (China), a regular international bus service to Hunza via Sust crosses the Khunjerab Pass (about 5000 meters high). Across the river in Hunza, at Sust, there is a village called Khuda Abad. People usually do not stop at Khunjerab Pass on their way to Sust by bus. In Sust, one may trek in the valleys or continue to Hunza-Karimabad (two hours), to the Baltit Fort. The Khunjerab Pass is open from 1 May to 30 December and closed in winter.
The international bus waits until enough people have gathered, which can take days (as of 2012). An alternative option is to take a first bus to Tashkurgan, stay one night, go to immigration for departure approval and then take a second bus to Sust and another to Hunza.
Airport
Mayoon is served by Gilgit Airport (IATA: GIL), a small domestic terminal approximately 40 km to the south. It offers 45-minute flights to Islamabad, substantially reducing the transit from 15 hours by car or 24 hours by bus. The service is provided by Pakistan International Airlines (PIA), which offers regular flights on 42-seat planes between Gilgit and Islamabad. Connections, however, are often subject to weather cancellations, particularly in winter when flights may be delayed several days.
Transport links
To China: The bus service (NATCO & PTDC) is scheduled to begin crossing the border from Sust, Gilgit-Baltistan to Tashkurgan, China every day at nine o'clock in the summer. In autumn, the bus runs only when full. If passengers are lacking, buses may be delayed for several days before embarking to Tashkurgan.
To Islamabad via the Karakoram Highway: several buses leave each day from Ali Abad (20 km east), Hunza, and Gilgit.
To Gilgit via the Karakoram Highway: mini-buses leave for Gilgit every 30 minutes from Ali Abad (20 km east).
Demographics
The approximately 1,000 inhabitants of Mayoon occupy about 120 dwellings. The people are broadly considered Hunza. The fair-skinned and light-eyed Hunzakuts are somewhat anomalous to the region and claim to be descendants of soldiers lost from Alexander's army when Alexander invaded India in 326 BC, although genetic studies have not confirmed this speculation.
—Political Views:''''''
Muhammad Faqir son of Arab khan is the first selective union council Chairman of mayoon hunza. Historically Mayoon has been one of the important political centers of Hunza with the king of Hunza making special allowances for the bravery of the people of Mayoon and to buy their political loyalty. The young generation of Mayoon is influenced by the political and intellectual traditions shaped by the political thoughts introduced through the leading intellectual Amir Hussain and their followers in Hunza and beyond.
Geography
Mayoon is in a mountainous region and has an elevation of 1892 meters. The swift-flowing Hunza Nagar River provides ample water for irrigation of crops, but it also serves as a barrier that prevents direct access from the community of Mayoon to the paved Karakoram Highway. Access is by a shallow river crossing about 10 kilometres away. The community occupies a wedge of fertile land 1 kilometre east-west and 0.5 kilometre north-south. Its geographic coordinates are 36°14'25"N, 74°25'28"E.
Nearby major peaks include the Rakaposhi (7788 m), the recently climbed Ultar Peak (7388 m) and Bublimoting Peak (6000 m).
References
Government of Yousaf Raza Gillani
Hunza
Villages in Pakistan
David Hemblen (16 September 1941 – 16 November 2020) was an English actor who frequently worked in Canadian film, television and theatre who grew up in Toronto, Ontario.  They are known for their role as George in La Femme Nikita, Customs inspector in Atom Egoyan's Exotica, Lord Dread/Lyman Taggert in Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future, Detective Dick Hargrove in T. and T. and as Inspector Winterguild in TekWar.  They are also known for their role as Johnathan Doors in Earth: Final Conflict and for voicing the character of Magneto in the X-Men animated series from 1992 to 1997.
Early life and education
Born in London, England, Hemblen grew up in Toronto, Ontario, where they pursued a classical education before turning to theatre. They received an M.A. in English and was working towards a Ph.D. in medieval studies when they were spotted during a rehearsal of a university production by Clifford Williams of the Royal Shakespeare Company. Hemblen was offered a season at Toronto's Royal Alexandra Theatre. In the 1960s, Hemblen was a political activist and member of the Young Socialists.
Career
Hemblen began their career in theatre in the 1960s. Their stage career includes more than 70 productions as actor/director at major Canadian theatres, including the Stratford Festival and four seasons at the renowned Shaw Festival in Niagara-on-the-Lake. For their portrayal of Dr. Astrov in Toronto's Tarragon Theater production of Uncle Vanya, Hemblen received a Dora nomination for Best Leading Actor.
Film and television
Hemblen was a mainstay on the television series Earth: Final Conflict, playing Jonathan Doors, a role they are best known for. They appeared in the first two seasons as a main character and remained in the third season as a recurring character until being killed off in season four. They played recurring roles in A Nero Wolfe Mystery (Lewis Hewitt) and La Femme Nikita (George). They voiced Magneto on the popular show X-Men: The Animated Series, the Night Master on Yin Yang Yo!, the Vaultkeeper in Tales from the Cryptkeeper, Lord Dread/Lyman Taggart on Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future, and Asmodeus Poisonteeth in Redwall.
Hemblen played a ruthless henchman Jones in Short Circuit 2 (1988), Reverend Buckley in Where the Spirit Lives (1989), and appeared as Christopher Newport in Pocahontas: The Legend (1999). They have also been featured in several Atom Egoyan films, such as Speaking Parts, The Sweet Hereafter (1997), Where the Truth Lies (2005), and Family Viewing (1987), for which they were nominated for a Genie Award.
In 1975, they starred in the children's television serial The Adventures of Timothy Pilgrim.
Personal life
Hemblen lived most of the year in Toronto and made an annual winter visit to their second home in the south of France. They had one daughter, Kate, who is also an actor.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1941 births
2020 deaths
Canadian socialists
English emigrants to Canada
English male film actors
English male television actors
English male voice actors
Male actors from London
Male actors from Toronto
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
85 Pegasi is a multiple star system 39.5 light years away in the constellation of Pegasus. The primary component is sixth magnitude 85 Pegasi A, which is a yellow dwarf like the Sun. The secondary component, 85 Pegasi B, is a ninth magnitude orange dwarf that takes 26.28 years to orbit at 10.3 AU around the primary in an elliptical orbit. The orbital distance ranges from 6.4 AU at periastron to 14.2 AU at apastron. 85 Pegasi B may itself be a binary, with a close, faint red dwarf companion (designated 85 Pegasi Bb) separated by 2 AU from the primary (designated 85 Pegasi Ba). The mass would be 11% solar mass (). All components in the star system including Star A are smaller, cooler and less massive, luminous, and metallic than the Sun and 51 Pegasi.
An infrared excess has been detected around the primary, most likely indicating
the presence of a circumstellar disk at a radius of more than 97 AU. The temperature of this dust is below 25 K.
References
External links
Solstation: 85 Pegasi 3
G-type main-sequence stars
K-type main-sequence stars
M-type main-sequence stars
Pegasi, 85
Pegasus (constellation)
Triple star systems
Pegasi, 85
224930
000171
9088
0914
BD+26 4734
SS Ben Robertson was a Liberty ship, Maritime Commission hull number 2432, built during World War II and named for Clemson University alumnus (Class of 1923), journalist, and war correspondent Benjamin F. Robertson, who was killed in the crash of a Pan Am Boeing 314 flying boat, the Yankee Clipper, in the Tagus River, near Lisbon, Portugal, on 22 February 1943.
Ben Robertson was constructed at the yards of the Southeastern Shipbuilding Corporation, Savannah, Georgia, one of 88 Liberty ships the yard built. Laid down on 18 November 1943, it was launched on 4 January 1944. Mrs. Julian Longley, Robertson's sister, of Dalton, Georgia, was sponsor for the new ship, part of a nationwide maritime program of naming Liberty ships for war correspondents killed in action. The new vessel was delivered on 21 January 1944, having spent 47 days on the ways and 17 in the water for a total of 64 days building.
Under the auspices of the War Shipping Administration, the Ben Robertson was operated under contract by the A. H. Bull Steamship Company, of New York City, through the end of the war.
More than 2,400 Liberty ships survived the war, only 196 having been lost in combat. Of these, 835 made up the postwar cargo fleet. Greek entrepreneurs bought 526 ships and Italian ones bought 98. The Ben Robertson was sold to a private firm in 1947, one of five Liberty ships acquired by Constantine G. Gratsos, one of the brothers of the George D. Gratsos Shipping Company of Athens, whose roots date to 1902, and was reflagged for Greece. The ship was renamed Kastor, and homeported at Ithaca, with Dracoulis, Ltd., of London acting as agent. Title changed slightly to George D. Gratsos, Athens, in 1949, and to Gratsos Bros., Athens, in 1963, the peak year for Liberty ship ownership when the Cuban blockade encouraged high freight rates. "The decline of the Liberties that started in 1964 was completed by 1974. In 1966 there were still 722 Liberties operating on world trade routes, of which 603 were Greek-owned." The ship was scrapped at Hirao, Japan, in December 1968.
References
Liberty ships
Ships built in Savannah, Georgia
1944 ships
World War II merchant ships of the United States
Standard ship types of the United States
One human poll comprised the 1936 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll. The Coaches' Poll began operation in 1950; in addition, the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year. 1936 was the first year of operation for the AP Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 30, at the end of the 1936 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
References
College football rankings
Jamie Jones is a Welsh DJ, producer and two time DJ Awards winner.
Biography
 They are a member of the electronic music group Hot Natured and the head of the record label Hot Creations, as well as its sub-labels Emerald City and Hottrax. Jones was voted the top DJ of 2011 by the online dance music magazine Resident Advisor. In 2012 they received mainstream success with Hot Natured's single Benediction, which reached number 31 in the UK Singles Chart. Jones hosts their own Paradise party at Ibiza's DC10 nightclub. In early 2016 Jones launched The House of Hot, an online shop clothing line, vinyl and artwork.
On August 31, 2021 Jones began an internationally syndicated show called Hot Robot Radio.
Discography
Studio albums
Don't You Remember The Future (2009)
Tracks From The Crypt: Lost Classics From The Vaults 2007-2012 (2012)
Different Sides Of The Sun (with Hot Natured) (2013)
Singles and EPs
Amazon EP (2006)
Panic (2006)
The Capsule EP (2006)
Should Have Gone Home (2007)
Lady Judy (with Matthew Styles,Fuckpony) (2007)
Get Lost 02 - Vinyl Sampler (with Plasmik) (2007)
911 (2008)
Summertime (2009)
Galactic Space Bar (2009)
Hot Natured 01 (with Hot Natured) (2008)
Jones & Mizrahi Edits (with Mizrahi) (2010)
Re-Rubs 03 (with Hot Natured) (2010)
Ruckus EP (2010)
Re-Rubs 02 (with Hot Natured) (2008)
Changes (2012)
Our Time In Liberty (with Art Department) (2012)
Moan & Groan (2013)
Siberian Express (2015)
This Way! EP''' (2015)
Land of Giants (featuring Hero Twins) (2016)
Shoplifter (2016)
Cherry's Revenge (with Nathan Barato) (2016)
Kooky Music EP (2017)
Electric Mama (with Harvy Valencia) (2020)
DJ Mixes
RA.031 (2006)
Get Lost 02 (2007)
OHMcast 003 (2009)
Jamie Jones Vs. Seth Troxler(with Seth Troxler) (2010)
Fabric 59'' (2011)
Remixes
Green Velvet — "Bigger Than Prince" (Jamie Jones and Darius Syrossian Remix)
References
External links
The House of Hot
Club DJs
Welsh house musicians
Welsh DJs
Living people
Welsh record producers
Deep house musicians
Electronic dance music DJs
Year of birth missing (living people)
Malvestiti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Edgardo Malvestiti (born 1969), former Argentine professional football player and currently manager
Federico Malvestiti (born 2000), Italian racing driver
Maurizio Malvestiti (born 1953), Italian bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lodi
Piero Malvestiti (1899–1964), Italian politician
Italian-language surnames
Alfred Metcalf Jackson (July 14, 1860 – June 11, 1924) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in South Carrollton, Kentucky, Jackson attended the common schools and West Kentucky College, and then studied law. They were admitted to the bar and practiced. They moved to Howard, Kansas, in 1881 and engaged in the practice of law. They served as prosecuting attorney of Elk County in 1890. They served as judge of the thirteenth judicial district of Kansas in 1892. They moved to Winfield, Kansas, in 1898.
Jackson was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1901 – March 3, 1903). While in Congress they introduced a bill proposing government ownership of telegraph lines which attracted considerable attention. They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1902, but in 1904 Jackson was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention that nominated Alton B. Parker and Henry G. Davis. They resumed the practice of law in Winfield, Kansas, and died there on June 11, 1924. They were interred at the Highland Mausoleum in Winfield.
Notes
References
1860 births
1924 deaths
People from Muhlenberg County, Kentucky
American prosecutors
Kansas lawyers
Kansas state court judges
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
People from Elk County, Kansas
People from Winfield, Kansas
19th-century American lawyers
Frank Rocco Fratellenico (July 14, 1951 – August 19, 1970) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for their actions in the Vietnam War.
Biography
Fratellenico joined the Army from Albany, New York in 1969, and by August 19, 1970, was serving as a Corporal in Company B, 2d Battalion, 502nd Infantry Regiment, 1st Brigade, 101st Airborne Division. During a firefight on that day, in Quang Tri Province, Republic of Vietnam, Fratellenico was about to throw a hand grenade when they were wounded, causing them to drop the activated device. They then smothered the grenade with their body, sacrificing their lives to protect their fellow soldiers from the blast.
While they were originally buried, their remains were exhumed in 1997 and cremated, after which their ashes were taken to Thailand.
Medal of Honor citation
Corporal Fratellenico's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Cpl. Fratellenico distinguished themselves while serving as a rifleman with Company B. Cpl. Fratellenico's squad was pinned down by intensive fire from 2 well-fortified enemy bunkers. At great personal risk Cpl. Fratellenico maneuvered forward and, using hand grenades, neutralized the first bunker which was occupied by a number of enemy soldiers. While attacking the second bunker, enemy fire struck Cpl. Fratellenico, causing them to fall to the ground and drop a grenade which they were preparing to throw. Alert to the imminent danger to their comrades, Cpl. Fratellenico retrieved the grenade and fell upon it an instant before it exploded. Their heroic actions prevented death or serious injury to 4 of their comrades nearby and inspired their unit which subsequently overran the enemy position. Cpl. Fratellenico's conspicuous gallantry, extraordinary heroism, and intrepidity at the cost of their life, above and beyond the call of duty, are in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit on him, their unit, and the U.S. Army.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Vietnam War
References
External links
1951 births
1970 deaths
American military personnel killed in the Vietnam War
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
United States Army non-commissioned officers
Vietnam War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Military personnel from Connecticut
Deaths by hand grenade
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Military personnel from Albany, New York
El Niño and More Purple Than Black are two names for the same Phil Lewis solo album.
Track listing
No Sell Out
How Low Can You Go
Access Denied
Close Your Eyes
Not What You Take
I Don't Think So
Could Not Live Without You
Tuesday
Trust
Slave To Now
Just Got Back
I Stand Accused
Old Flames
Carrying On
Not What You Take (Acoustic Mix)
Trust (Acoustic Mix)
I Stand Accused (Acoustic Mix)
1999 debut albums
Phil Lewis albums
Chhinegaon is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 5,375, in 805 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Kyiv International Institute of Sociology, or KIIS (, КМІС), is a Ukrainian organization conducting sociological research in the fields of social and socioeconomic research, marketing research, political research, health studies, and research consulting and auditing.
Methods
In its projects, KIIS uses the following research methods:
traditional interviews
computer assisted interviews
telephone surveys
Internet surveys
postal surveys
street surveys
tracking research
panel studies
interviews at places where products are sold and services delivered
exit-polls
covert consumer
retail sales and service delivery audit
measuring flows of people and transport
in-depth interviews
brainstorming
expert surveys
hall-tests
ethnographic methods
content analysis
desk research
INPOLL online research
KIIS runs an Omnibus survey on a regular basis.
KIIS supports an open research Data Bank with the online key word search that is updated on a regular basis. Besides commissioned research, KIIS specialists conduct original academic research. KIIS Archive contains a collection of national and international publications by KIIS experts. KIIS published a number of books and research manuals. Since 2011, KIIS has been publishing its own journal «KIIS Review».
Structure
While 40 employees work at the central KIIS office, KIIS also has representative offices in major cities of Ukraine. A team of KIIS interviewers is based at each regional center, with their total number exceeding 500 people. Ten focus group moderators work at KIIS Kyiv and regional offices. KIIS has a focus group research center and a computer-assisted telephone interviewing (CATI) center.
Senior management
KIIS President – Valeriy Khmelko, doctor of philosophical sciences, professor
KIIS General Director – Volodymyr Paniotto, doctor of philosophical sciences, professor
KIIS Executive Director – Natalia Kharchenko, PhD
KIIS Financial Director – Volodymyr Khmelko
History
The Kyiv International Institute of Sociology (KIIS) was founded in 1990 as a research center of the Sociological Association of Ukraine. In 1992, a partnership was established with the Paragon Research International and thus the research center became a Ukrainian-American research company under the name of KIIS. In 1995, KIIS joined ESOMAR (European Society for Opinion and Marketing Research).
External links
Official site
Research institutes in Ukraine
Sociological research companies of Ukraine
GA5, GA-5, or GA 5 may refer to:
Georgia State Route 5, a state highway in Georgia, United States
Georgia's 5th congressional district, congressional district in Georgia, United States
Trumpchi GA5, a 2010–2018 Chinese compact sedan
The Prix du livre incorrect is a French literary prize. It was created in 2006 by Jean Sévillia.
Lauréats
2007 : Éric de Montgolfier for Le Devoir de déplaire (Michel Lafon)
2008 : Jean Clair for Malaise dans les musées (Flammarion)
2009 : Patrick Rambaud for Deuxième chronique du règne de Nicolas Ier (Grasset)
2010 : Éric Zemmour for Mélancolie française (Fayard)
2011 : Christian Millau for Journal impoli (Le Rocher)
2012 :
Pascal Bruckner for Le Fanatisme de l'apocalypse. Sauver la Terre, punir l'Homme (Grasset-Fasquelle)
Christopher Caldwell for Une révolution sous nos yeux : comment l'islam va transformer la France et l'Europe (Toucan)
2013 : Éric Naulleau for Pourquoi tant d'E.N. ? (Jean-Claude Gawsewitch)
2014 : Lorànt Deutsch for Hexagone (Michel Lafon)
2015 :
Gabriel Matzneff for Mais la musique soudain s'est tue : Journal 2009-2013 (Gallimard)
Natacha Polony for Ce pays qu'on abat. Chroniques 2009-2014 (Plon)
2016 : Marc Endeweld for Enquête sur un ministre qui dérange, L'ambigu Monsieur Macron (Flammarion)
2017 : Camille Pascal for Ainsi Dieu choisit la France (Presses de la Renaissance)
2018 :
Frédéric Gros for Désobéir (Albin-Michel/Flammarion)
Maurizio Serra for D'Annunzio le magnifique (Grasset)
2019 : Rémi Soulié for Racination (Pierre-Guillaume de Roux)
References
2006 establishments in France
French literary awards
Jordi Dalmau Nieves (born 21 May 1989) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
Spanish motorcycle racers
Motorcycle racers from Catalonia
1989 births
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Barcelona
Stroka is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anna Stroka (1923–2020), Polish literary historian, author, and translator
Michael Stroka (1938–1997), American actor
(born 1980), Polish fencer
Radical America was a left-wing political magazine in the United States established in 1967. The magazine was founded by Paul Buhle and Mari Jo Buhle, activists in Students for a Democratic Society and served during its first few years of existence as an unofficial theoretical journal of that organization. During the 1970s and 1980s, the magazine changed to take on more of an academic Marxist flavor. With contributions from academics dwindling during the decade of the 1990s, the magazine was terminated in 1999.
Publication history
Establishment
Radical America was founded by members of the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) in 1967. The initial editors were Paul Buhle and Mari Jo Buhle in their graduate school days, operating in Madison, Wisconsin. In the first few years, it served as the "unofficial journal of SDS." Dan Georgakas wrote that its importance lay in that it "was on the scholarly cutting edge of a social movement that often has been accused of lacking intellectual substance.
Initially, subscriptions were sold at a discount rate to national SDS members. The Buhles relocated to the Boston, Massachusetts area, and brought the journal with them. By the time of the Boston move the journal was independent from the SDS.
Content
The journal, published in Somerville, Massachusetts, focused on topical issues of concern to the left and society at large, such as women's liberation, working class radicalism and busing. Beginning in 1970, each issue had a dedicated focus upon one issue. Mainly, during the 1970s, the journal evolved in a direction concerned with New Left issues, rather than traditional, Old Left concern with strengthening ties with trade unions. It was particularly active in the 1970s, as authors related the experiences of feminist and autonomous work-place activists.
Circulation
According to the publication's published annual "Statement of Ownership, Management and Circulation" required by the Post Office Department, the average press run of Radical America for the twelve months ending in October 1982 was 4,100, with an average mail subscription of about 2,330. Bulk sales and sales through vendors accounted for another 1,270 copies, according to the 1982 report by editor John P. Demeter.
Demise
By the 1980s the journal branched to addressing gay issues and rock music. During the late 1980s, article contributions dwindled as academics left the journal.
Footnotes
Further reading
Paul Buhle (ed.), History and the New Left: Madison, Wisconsin, 1950-1970. Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 1990.
James Green (ed.), Workers' Struggles, Past and Present: A "Radical America" Reader. Philadelphia: Temple University Press, 1983.
External links
"Radical America, 1967-1999." Brown University Library Center for Digital Archives.
"Radical America: Digital Edition," Brown University Library Center for Digital Archives. —Large run of issues in pdf format.
"The Search for a Useable Past: An Interview with Paul Buhle on Radical America", Viewpoint Magazine, March 2, 2015..
1967 establishments in Wisconsin
1999 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Alternative magazines
Defunct political magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1967
Magazines disestablished in 1999
Marxist magazines
Magazines published in Massachusetts
Magazines published in Wisconsin
New Left
The is an AC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido) on Super Kamui and Suzuran limited express services in Hokkaido, Japan, since 1990.
Design
The trains were built jointly by Hitachi and Kawasaki Heavy Industries.
Formations
Sets NE 1–5
Cars 2 and 4 are each fitted with one N-PS785S single-arm pantograph.
Sets NE 501–502
Cars 2 and 5 are each fitted with one N-PS785S single-arm pantograph.
Original 2+4-car sets
(1990–2002)
Cars 3 and 5 were each fitted with one N-PS721B scissors-type pantograph.
785-300 series Super Hakuchō set NE303
2-car set converted from former stored cars for use on Super Hakuchō services from December 2010
Interior
The 785 series trainsets do not include Green class (first class) accommodation, but car 4 is designated as a "u-Seat" car with improved seating for reserved seat passengers. All other cars are normally designated as non-reserved seating.
History
30 vehicles were delivered in 1990, formed as five 2-car (NE 101–105) and five 4-car (NE 1–5) sets. These entered service from 1 September 1990 on new Super White Arrow limited express services between and . Sets were also used on some Lilac services.
From 18 February 2002, the original 4- and 2-car sets were reformed with the addition of newly built MoHa 784-500 and MoHa 785-500 cars to create a fleet of seven 5-car sets and one spare 2-car set, which was kept in storage. The control equipment from the cabs of cars within sets was removed between 2007 and 2008.
From 1 October 2007, they were reassigned to new Super Kamui limited express services between and , and Airport rapid services between Sapporo and in conjunction with 789-1000 series EMUs.
The spare 2-car set, NE 105, stored out of use since 2002 was modified in 2010 and repainted with green cab ends for use in conjunction with 789 series sets on Super Hakuchō services from the start of the revised timetable on 4 December 2010. This set has a maximum speed of 140 km/h.
References
External links
JR Hokkaido 785/789 series Super Kamui
JR Hokkaido 785/789 series Suzuran
JR Hokkaido 785-300 series (Japan Railfan Magazine)
Electric multiple units of Japan
Hokkaido Railway Company
Train-related introductions in 1990
Hitachi multiple units
20 kV AC multiple units
Kawasaki multiple units
At the 1900 Summer Olympics, seven fencing events were contested. 260 fencers from 19 nations competed. The events took place at the Tuileries Garden.
Medal summary
Weekly summary
The fencing events were spread out over a good deal of time. The competitions began on Monday, 14 May.
14–20 May
The first round of the amateur foil competition was held on 14 May and 15 May. Judging was subjective, a change from the 3-touch format from four years earlier. 37 of the 54 fencers advanced, including some who had nominally lost their bouts (when the judges felt that both fencers displayed good skill) and excluding some who had nominally won.
The quarterfinals, repechage, and semifinals were also held for the foil event in the first week. The quarterfinals and repechage were again judged subjectively, but the semifinal was a round-robin pool format with matches won or lost counting towards advancement to the final. The only non-French fencer to advance past this stage was Rudolf Brosch of Austria.
21–27 May
The foil competition continued with the consolation pool and the final on 21 May. These round-robin pools determined the top 16 places in the tournament, with the top 7 going to France as Brosch finished last in the final.
The first two rounds, the repechage, and the first half of the semifinals of the masters foil event were held this week. Again, early rounds were judged subjectively but the semifinal used match results.
28 May-3 June
The masters foil competition concluded with the second half of the semifinals on 28 May and the consolation and final rounds on 29 May. France again swept the medals, though Italians Antonio Conte and Italo Santelli made strong showings, with 4th and 7th places, respectively.
Épée made its Olympic debut, with the amateur event beginning with part of the first round on 1 June and 2 June. All rounds of the event consisted of round-robin pools.
4–10 June
The épée competition continued with the second half of the first round, the quarterfinals, and the semifinals. Ramón Fonst of Cuba and Eduardo Camet of Argentina joined 7 French épéeists in advancing to the final.
11–17 June
The masters épée competition began on 11 June, with the semifinals on 13 June. France dominated the competition, taking all of the finals spots.
On 14 June, the finals of both the masters and amateur épée events were held. France took its third medal sweep in the masters event, but Fonst took the gold in the amateur event to give Cuba its first Olympic medal.
An unusual event, a competition between the amateurs and masters in the épée, was held on 15 June. The top four fencers in each class played in a one-day round-robin pool in the amateur-master event. Albert Robert Ayat, the winner of the professional event, went undefeated to win the gold medal, but the amateurs took the next three spots, including a silver medal for Fonst to make Cuba one of two nations in 1900 to win a medal with every competition entry (Luxembourg, with a marathon win as their only entry, was the other).
18–24 June
The first round, semifinals, and final of the amateur sabre event were held. The sabre events were much more internationally balanced than the other two weapons, with 3 Austrians, 2 Hungarians, and 3 Frenchmen making the final. France still took the top two spots, giving the host nation its 5th gold medal in 6 attempts.
The first round and the semifinals of the masters event of the sabre also took place in the sixth week of fencing competition. In the most international field of the events, the 8 fencers advancing to the final hailed from 5 different nations: Italy, France, Russia, Belgium, and Austria.
25–27 June
Fencing competition ended with the final of the masters sabre on Wednesday, 27 June. France won no medals in the event, as Conte and Santelli did even better in the sabre than they had in the foil, winning the gold and silver medals in the sabre. Milan Neralić of Austria took the bronze.
Participating nations
A total of 260 fencers from 19 nations (including 3 nations not recognized by the IOC) competed at the Paris Games:
Medal table
References
External links
International Olympic Committee medal winners database
De Wael, Herman. Herman's Full Olympians: "Fencing 1900". Accessed 21 January 2006. Available electronically at .
1900
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900 in fencing
International fencing competitions hosted by France
The 15 cm Luftminenwerfer M 15 M. E. (Pneumatic Trench Mortar Maschinenfabrik Esslingen) was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by the German firm Maschinenfabrik Esslingen in response to a German requirement. Its initial testing was observed by an Austro-Hungarian representative and their positive report convinced them to order a batch of five for comparative testing. It was evaluated on 21 September 1915 and it produced the right impression. Nonetheless four weapons were sent off for combat trials at the end of October 1915, which were presumably favorable.
The barrel was mounted on a central pivot attached to a base plate, apparently with 360° of traverse. A single cylinder of compressed air was good for twelve shots.
The Model II incorporated minor improvements suggested by both the Austrians and German pioneer troops and was evaluated at the end of 1915. It was deemed satisfactory and another hundred were ordered. However, they were soon made obsolete by the better performance of the 12 cm Luftminenwerfer M 16 and shelved before the production run was finished.
References
Ortner, M. Christian. The Austro-Hungarian Artillery From 1867 to 1918: Technology, Organization, and Tactics. Vienna, Verlag Militaria, 2007
Mortars of Austria-Hungary
Pneumatic mortars
150 mm artillery
Products introduced in 1915
Gonu (고누) or Kono is a group of Korean traditional boardgames.
When playing Konou, a person who has a lower number start like Janggi. The usual way of playing is to surround and detach the opponent's pieces. It is mainly used for children's educational purposes.
Examples
Five Field Kono (오밭고누)
Umul Gonu (우물고누)
Reference
Abstract strategy games
Asian games
Korean games
Traditional board games
Korean inventions
Games played on Go boards
Grab is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 242 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The Kingdom of Khotan was an ancient Buddhist Saka kingdom located on the branch of the Silk Road that ran along the southern edge of the Taklamakan Desert in the Tarim Basin (modern Xinjiang, China). The ancient capital was originally sited to the west of modern-day Hotan () at Yotkan (Chinese: 约特干; pinyin: Yuētègàn). From the Han dynasty until at least the Tang dynasty it was known in Chinese as Yutian (, , or ). This largely Buddhist kingdom existed for over a thousand years until it was conquered by the Muslim Kara-Khanid Khanate in 1006, during the Islamicisation and Turkicisation of Xinjiang.
Built on an oasis, Khotan's mulberry groves allowed the production and export of silk and carpets, in addition to the city's other major products such as its famous nephrite jade and pottery. Despite being a significant city on the silk road as well as a notable source of jade for ancient China, Khotan itself is relatively small – the circumference of the ancient city of Khotan at Yōtkan was about 2.5 to 3.2 km (1.5 to 2 miles). Much of the archaeological evidence of the ancient city of Khotan however had been obliterated due to centuries of treasure hunting by local people.
The inhabitants of Khotan used Khotanese, an Eastern Iranian language, and Gandhari Prakrit, an Indo-Aryan language related to Sanskrit. There is debate as to how much Khotan's original inhabitants were ethnically and anthropologically South Asian and speakers of the Gāndhārī language versus the Saka, an Indo-European people of Iranian branch from the Eurasian Steppe. From the 3rd century onwards they also had a visible linguistic influence on the Gāndhārī language spoken at the royal court of Khotan. The Khotanese Saka language was also recognized as an official court language by the 10th century and used by the Khotanese rulers for administrative documentation.
Names
The kingdom of Khotan was given various names and transcriptions. The ancient Chinese called Khotan Yutian (, its ancient pronunciation was gi̯wo-d'ien or ji̯u-d'ien) also written as and other similar-sounding names such as Yudun (), Huodan (), and Qudan (). Sometimes they also used Jusadanna (), derived from Indo-Iranian Gostan and Gostana, the names of the town and region around it respectively. Others include Huanna (). To the Tibetans in the seventh and eighth centuries, the kingdom was called Li (or Li-yul) and the capital city Hu-ten, Hu-den, Hu-then and Yvu-then.
The name as written by the locals changed over time; in about the third century AD, the local people wrote Khotana in Kharoṣṭhī script, and Hvatäna in the Brahmi script some time later. From this came Hvamna and Hvam in their latest texts, where Hvam kṣīra or 'the land of Khotan' was the name given. Khotan became known to the west while the –t- was still unchanged, as is frequent in early New Persian. The local people also used Gaustana (Gosthana, Gostana, Godana, Godaniya or Kustana) under the influence of Buddhist Hybrid Sanskrit, and Yūttina in the ninth century, when it was allied with the Chinese kingdom of Șacū (Shazhou or Dunhuang).
Location and geography
The geographical position of the oasis was the main factor in its success and wealth. To its north is one of the most arid and desolate desert climates on the earth, the Taklamakan Desert, and to its south the largely uninhabited Kunlun Mountains (Qurum). To the east there were few oases beyond Niya, making travel difficult, and access is only relatively easy from the west.
Khotan was irrigated from the Yurung-kàsh and Kara-kàsh rivers, which water the Tarim Basin. These two rivers produce vast quantities of water, which made habitation possible in an otherwise arid climate. The location next to the mountain not only allowed irrigation for crops but also increased the fertility of the land, as the rivers reduced the gradient and deposited sediment on their banks, creating a more fertile soil. This more fertile soil increased the agricultural productivity that made Khotan famous for its cereal crops and fruit. Therefore, Khotan's lifeline was its proximity to the Kunlun mountain range, and without it Khotan would not have become one of the largest and most successful oasis cities along the Silk Roads.
The kingdom of Khotan was one of the many small states found in the Tarim Basin, which included Yarkand, Loulan (Shanshan), Turfan, the Kashgar, Karashahr, and Kucha (the last three, together with Khotan, made up the four Garrisons during the Tang dynasty). To the west were the Central Asian kingdoms of Sogdiana and Bactria. It was surrounded by powerful neighbours, such as the Kushan Empire, China, Tibet, and for a time the Xiongnu, all of which had exerted or tried to exert their influence over Khotan at various times.
History
From an early period, the Tarim Basin had been inhabited by different groups of Indo-European speakers such as the Tocharians and Saka people. Jade from Khotan had been traded into China for a long time before the founding of the city, as indicated by items made of jade from Khotan found in tombs from the Shang (Yin) and Zhou dynasties. The jade trade is thought to have been facilitated by the Yuezhi.
Foundation legend
There are four versions of the legend of the founding of Khotan. These may be found in accounts given by the Chinese pilgrim Xuanzang and in Tibetan translations of Khotanese documents. All four versions suggest that the city was founded around the third century BC by a group of Indians during the reign of Ashoka. According to one version, the nobles of a tribe in ancient Taxila, who traced their ancestry to the deity Vaiśravaṇa, were said to have blinded Kunãla, a son of Ashoka. In punishment they were banished by the Mauryan emperor to the north of the Himalayas, where they settled in Khotan and elected one of their members as king. However war then ensued with another group from China whose leader then took over as king, and the two colonies merged. In a different version, it was Kunãla themselves who was exiled and founded Khotan.
The legend suggests that Khotan was settled by people from northwest India and China, and may explain the division of Khotan into an eastern and western city since the Han dynasty. Others however argued that the legend of the founding of Khotan is a fiction as it ignores the Iranian population, and that its purpose was to explain the Indian and Chinese influences that were present in Khotan in the 7th century AD. By Xuanzang's account, it was believed that the royal power had been transmitted unbroken since the founding of Khotan, and evidence indicates that the kings of Khotan had used an Iranian-based word as their title since at least the 3rd century AD, suggesting that they may be speakers of an Iranian language.
In the 1900s, Aurel Stein discovered Prakrit documents written in Kharoṣṭhī in Niya, and together with the founding legend of Khotan, Stein proposed that these people in the Tarim Basin were Indian immigrants from Taxila who conquered and colonized Khotan. The use of Prakrit however may be a legacy of the influence of the Kushan Empire. There were also Greek influences in early Khotan, based on evidence such as Hellenistic artworks found at various sites in the Tarim Basin, for example, the Sampul tapestry found near Khotan, tapestries depicting the Greek god Hermes and the winged pegasus found at nearby Loulan, as well as ceramics that may suggest influences from as far as the Hellenistic kingdom of Ptolemaic Egypt. One suggestion is therefore that the early migrants to the region may have been an ethnically mixed people from the city of Taxila led by a Greco-Saka or an Indo-Greek leader, who established Khotan using the administrative and social organizations of the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom.
Arrival of the Saka
Surviving documents from Khotan of later centuries indicate that the people of Khotan spoke the Saka language, an Eastern Iranian language that was closely related to the Sogdian language (of Sogdiana); as an Indo-European language, Saka was more distantly related to the Tocharian languages (also known as Agnean-Kuchean) spoken in adjoining areas of the Tarim Basin. It also shared areal features with Tocharian. It is not certain when the Saka people moved into the Khotan area. Archaeological evidence from the Sampul tapestry of Sampul (Shanpulu; / ), near Khotan may indicate a settled Saka population in the last quarter of the first millennium BC, although some have suggested they may not have moved there until after the founding of the city. The Saka may have inhabited other parts of the Tarim Basin earlier – presence of a people believed to be Saka had been found in the Keriya region at Yumulak Kum (Djoumboulak Koum, Yuansha) around 200 km east of Khotan, possibly as early as the 7th century BC.
The Saka people were known as the Sai (塞, sāi, sək in Old Sinitic) in ancient Chinese records. These records indicate that they originally inhabited the Ili and Chu River valleys of modern Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan. In the Chinese Book of Han, the area was called the "land of the Sai", i.e. the Saka. According to the Sima Qian's Shiji, the Indo-European Yuezhi, originally from the area between Tängri Tagh (Tian Shan) and Dunhuang of Gansu, China, were assaulted and forced to flee from the Hexi Corridor of Gansu by the forces of the Xiongnu ruler Modu Chanyu in 177-176 BC. In turn the Yuezhi were responsible for attacking and pushing the Sai (i.e. Saka) south. The Saka crossed the Syr Darya into Bactria around 140 B.C. Later the Saka would also move into Northern India, as well as other Tarim Basin sites like Khotan, Karasahr (Yanqi), Yarkand (Shache) and Kucha (Qiuci). One suggestion is that the Saka became Hellenized in the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom, and they or an ethnically mixed Greco-Scythians either migrated to Yarkand and Khotan, or a bit earlier from Taxila in the Indo-Greek Kingdom.
Documents written in Prakrit dating to the 3rd century AD from neighbouring Shanshan show that the king of Khotan was given the title hinajha (i.e. "generalissimo"), a distinctively Iranian-based word equivalent to the Sanskrit title senapati. This along with the fact that the king's recorded regnal periods were given as Khotanese kṣuṇa, "implies an established connection between the Iranian inhabitants and the royal power," according to the late Professor of Iranian Studies Ronald E. Emmerick (d. 2001). They contended that Khotanese-Saka-language royal rescripts of Khotan dated to the 10th century "makes it likely that the ruler of Khotan was a speaker of Iranian." Furthermore, they elaborated on the early name of Khotan:
Later Khotanese-Saka-language documents, ranging from medical texts to Buddhist literature, have been found in Khotan and Tumshuq (east of Kashgar). Ancient Khotan : vol.1 Ancient Khotan : vol.2
External links
THE SPREAD OF INDIAN ART AND CULTURE TO CENTRAL ASIA AND CHINA
ZENO coins page on Khotan
Smallest ancient temple discovered
Former countries in Chinese history
History of Xinjiang
1006 disestablishments in Asia
States and territories established in the 50s
Iranian countries and territories
Sites along the Silk Road
Central Asian Buddhist kingdoms
Tributaries of Imperial China
Former kingdoms
Joshua Mapleston is an Australian writer, comic, and actor. Josh grew up in Brisbane, Queensland. They completed a Bachelor of Arts majoring in Film Production at the Queensland University of Technology.
In 2017 they won an Emmy award for 'Outstanding Writing in Children's Animation' for their work on Beat Bugs.  They are also one of the principle writers for the follow-up animated series 'Motown'.
In the comedy sphere they created and wrote the critically acclaimed I Rock, a narrative comedy series about a struggling indie band. They also starred as the band's misanthropic frontman Nash Taylor.
They wrote and script-edited the action-comedy series Maximum Choppage. In the same year they co-created and wrote the popular web series Ultimate Fanj (Working Group/ABC Television Australia) about the lives of hapless hipsters in inner-city Sydney.
Their credits also include a number of popular Australian drama series including romantic comedy The Wrong Girl (Playmaker Media) based on the hit novel by Zoe Foster Blake, dramedy House Husbands (Playmaker Media) and the television adaptation of John Marsden's iconic action-adventure novels Tomorrow, When the War Began (Ambience Entertainment).
They have been nominated for two Australian Writers' Guild Awards for their work on young adult drama series Ready For This and the internationally successful Dance Academy. On top of writing duties they were also Dance Academy's Series Script Editor for Seasons 2 and 3. Both shows were nominated for International Emmy Awards for "Best Children's Series".
As a stand-up comic they have been performing in Australia for over ten years.
Other writing credits include:
Home and Away, 2007–present (12 Episodes)
Shortland Street, 2007 (1 Episode)
McLeod's Daughters, 2001
References
External links
Australian male soap opera actors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Gideon John Tucker (February 10, 1826 – July 1899) was an American lawyer, newspaper editor and politician. In 1866, as Surrogate of New York County, they wrote in a decision on a legal malpractice claim against a deceased lawyer's estate: "No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the Legislature is in session."
Life
They were born on Laight Street, near Canal Street in Lower Manhattan, New York City, on February 10, 1826, the son of Alderman John C. Tucker, a leader of the Locofocos. In 1844, they became a lawyer's clerk and subsequently wrote for newspapers. In 1847, they were admitted to the bar. On March 15, 1848, they married Clara L. Livingston (b. October 10, 1828). In 1852, they became a tax clerk in the office of the New York State Comptroller at Albany, New York. In 1853, they bought an interest in the Albany Argus from Edwin Croswell, but in 1855 sold their part and founded the New York Daily News, but withdrew from the editorship in September 1857.
They were a delegate to the 1856 Democratic National Convention at Cincinnati, Ohio. In 1857, they were elected a Sachem of the Tammany Society, and later the same year was elected Secretary of State of New York In 1860, Tucker was nominated as President of the Board of Commissioners of the Croton Aqueduct Department, but the Board of Aldermen rejected the appointment.
They were Surrogate of New York County from 1863 to 1869. They were a delegate to the 1864 Democratic National Convention. They were a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 14th D.). Here they drafted the first Eight-Hour Work Bill, which was ultimately defeated, but they carried through the law for the prevention of cruelty to animals.
In 1875, they left Tammany Hall, and was among the founders of the opposing Irving Hall faction of the Democratic Party.
In 1878, they ran on the National Greenback and Labor Party ticket for associate judge of the New York Court of Appeals, but was defeated. Afterwards they went to Arizona for their health and edited the Daily Democrat at Prescott, then the capital of the Arizona Territory. They returned in the 1880s to New York. In November 1887, they ran again for Surrogate, this time on the United Labor ticket, but was defeated by Democrat Rastus S. Ransom.
They died in July 1899 at their home at 162 West 84th Street in New York City.
Notes
Sources
Political Graveyard
The Greenback convention with Short bio of Tucker, in NYT on July 25, 1878
Their nomination by the Greenbacks, in NYT on August 9, 1878
A List of the Candidates on the Various Tickets in NYT on November 7, 1887
Their golden wedding, in NYT on March 16, 1898
Their obit, in NYT on July 26, 1899
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature in the State of New York in 1859 by Wm. D. Murphy (pages 12ff; C. Van Benthuysen, Albany NY, 1859)
1826 births
1899 deaths
People from the Upper West Side
Politicians from Prescott, Arizona
Secretaries of State of New York (state)
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) state court judges
American newspaper editors
New York (state) Democrats
New York (state) Greenbacks
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
Journalists from New York City
19th-century American judges
In Greek mythology, the female name Polymede (Ancient Greek: Πολυμήδη) may refer to:
Polymede, daughter of Autolycus by Mestra, Neaera or Amphithea and the possible mother of Jason by Aeson, King of Iolcus. They were also called Polymele or Polypheme, otherwise the mother of the hero was either Amphinome, Theognete, daughter of Laodicus, Rhoeo, Arne or Scarphe.
Polymede, mother of Nestor by Neleus, king of Pylos. Otherwise, Nestor's mother was known as Chloris, a Minyan princess and daughter of King Amphion of Orchomenus.
Notes
Women in Greek mythology
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Diodorus Siculus, The Library of History translated by Charles Henry Oldfather. Twelve volumes. Loeb Classical Library. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press; London: William Heinemann, Ltd. 1989. Vol. 3. Books 4.59–8. Online version at Bill Thayer's Web Site Diodorus Siculus, Bibliotheca Historica. Vol 1-2. Immanel Bekker. Ludwig Dindorf. Friedrich Vogel. in aedibus B. G. Teubneri. Leipzig. 1888-1890. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Hesiod, Catalogue of Women from Homeric Hymns, Epic Cycle, Homerica translated by Evelyn-White, H G. Loeb Classical Library Volume 57. London: William Heinemann, 1914. Online version at theio.com
Tzetzes, John, Allegories of the Iliad translated by Goldwyn, Adam J. and Kokkini, Dimitra. Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library, Harvard University Press, 2015.
Tzetzes, John, Book of Histories, Book V-VI translated by Konstantinos Ramiotis from the original Greek of T. Kiessling's edition of 1826. Online version at theio.com.
Phocian characters in Greek mythology
Characters from Iolcus
Messenian mythology
Lady Isabella Frederica Louisa de Pauw ( Hervey ; born 9 March 1982) is a British model, actor, and fitness trainer.  They are the daughter of Victor Hervey, 6th Marquess of Bristol, the sister of Lady Victoria Hervey and the incumbent Frederick Hervey, 8th Marquess of Bristol, and half-sister of John Hervey, 7th Marquess of Bristol.
Early life
Lady Isabella was born in Monaco to Victor Hervey, 6th Marquess of Bristol and Lady Yvonne Hervey (née Sutton). Them godparents included Queen Fadila of Egypt and their half-brother John, Earl Jermyn. They were educated at Woldingham School. Them father died when they were three, and they were sent to boarding school at the age of six. They suffered from bulimia in their youth, but recovered after seeking treatment at The Priory hospital. They also joined Overeaters Anonymous. They enjoyed sports from an early age, including professional showjumping.
Career
Lady Isabella's television career has included appearing on the Channel 4 reality TV show The Games (2004), and for appearing as a contestant on ITV's Celebrity Love Island (2005). In 2005, they were named "face of Playboy UK". They have appeared as a contestant on Celebrity MasterChef and the UK Sky One television programme Vroom Vroom. They also competed in the Sky One show Cirque De Celebrite, and the BBC1 show Hole in the Wall. They were awarded The Sexiest Aristocrat in May 2006 and made the 62nd spot in FHMs 100 Sexiest Women in the World.
Them participation in The Games inspired them to try a new career as a personal trainer. They began running a set of fitness courses that included a jog around Hyde Park.
Family
Lady Isabella has two elder full siblings, the incumbent Frederick Hervey, 8th Marquess of Bristol and fellow media personality Lady Victoria Hervey. In addition to John, who became the 7th Marquess, they had a half-brother Nicholas; both are now deceased.
In a 2005 interview, they stated that their title held them back in their modelling career. "When I first started, the bookers assumed I didn't need the cash, so wouldn't put me forward for the big money jobs. At the end of the day, just because I'm a Lady, it doesn't mean I'm rich." Them half-brother, the 7th Marquess, spent most of the £35 million family fortune in their lifetime, and they subsequently complained they had been left with "virtually nothing". Them father died before setting up a trust fund for them as they had for their two older siblings.
On 6 September 2014, Lady Isabella married Belgian millionaire Christophe de Pauw in the Église de Notre Dame de la Cambre, Brussels. The couple have a son, Victor, born on 5 January 2016 and named after their father, the 6th Marquess. They were the first member of the Hervey family to be christened at Ickworth Church in nearly 40 years. In 2010, their father was reburied in the church, as is traditional for Earls and Marquesses of Bristol, and they attended the ceremony with their family.
References
External links
Isabella Hervey Fitness
1982 births
Living people
Reality show winners
English socialites
Daughters of British marquesses
Isabella
People educated at Woldingham School
Here is a list of supervillains appearing in DC Comics who are or have been enemies of the superhero Superman. Several of Superman's opponents (most notably Darkseid and Brainiac) are or have been foes of the Justice League as well. Unlike most heroes, Superman's adversaries exist in every known capacity; humans, metahumans, androids, sorcerers, empowered animals, other aliens (such as Kryptonians), mythical/supernatural creatures, corrupt doppelgängers of themselves (imposters, clones, or parallel universe counterparts), interdimensional beings (Mr. Mxyzpltk, Vyndktvx), and even deities.
Central rogues gallery
In alphabetical order (with issue and date of first appearance):
Foes of lesser renown
In alphabetical order (with issue and date of first appearance):
In addition, Superman has fought many aliens.
Group villains
Antiheroes and reformed, semi-reformed, or occasionally reformed supervillains
The following is a list of Superman enemies who have reformed and are more often depicted as allies of alien than enemies.
Allies in conflict
Some characters originally conceived as heroes have come into conflict with Superman.
Enemies created for other media
These are Superman villains created in other media, with no appearances in previous comics.
Villains from comics in other media
A number of villains from the comic books have made an appearance, or appearances, in Superman related live-action media.
See also
List of Aquaman enemies
List of Batman family enemies
List of Flash enemies
Rogues
List of Green Lantern enemies
List of Hawkman enemies
List of Wonder Woman enemies
References
Enemies
Lists of DC Comics characters
Lists of DC Comics supervillains
Lists of fictional superhuman characters
"Flickorna i Småland" (; ) is a Swedish song written in 1912 by Karl Williams (known as Kalle i Dalen) and composed by Fridolf Lundberg. It became a long lived schlager. According to the Swedish Tourist Association's 1968 yearbook, Karl Williams got their inspiration to the song a sunday, mid-year through 1912, on their way from Hamneda to a party in Torpa. While repairing their flat bicycle tire they got to see three beautiful girls around some nearby heather hills.
"Flickorna i Småland" has been recorded several times. One of the earliest versions is by Eric Engström, who made an acoustic recording, without microphone, at Hotel Continental in Stockholm on November 15, 1919. In 1945 the song was sung by Sickan Carlsson in the eponymous movie The Girls in Smaland.
When the American vocal group The Delta Rhythm Boys toured around Sweden they picked up the song, which they first recorded in 1951. Their version became so successful that its melody is still mainly associated with them.
Eddie Meduza released a version of it in 2002.
Lalla Hansson made their own version of the song with modified lyrics called "Det är killarna från Södermannagatan 61" (English: "It is the guys from Södermannagatan 61").
The hosts Lena Philipsson and Charlotte Perrelli sung it during the live-broadcast Melodifestivalen 2003 in Jönköping as an intermission act. The song was again sung during Melodifestivalen 2016 by Gina Dirawi and Charlotte Perrelli.
References
External links
The Delta Rhythm Boys jazz-version of "Flickorna i Småland" from 1951 (YouTube)
1912 songs
Swedish songs
Swedish-language songs
Småland
Songs about Sweden
Epione repandaria, the bordered beauty, is a moth of the family Geometridae.
The species can be found in the Palearctic realm from western Europe, to Scandinavia in the north, the Mediterranean in the south, and east to the Caucasus, Russia and Russian Far East, Siberia, and Amur.
The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The length of the forewings is 13–16 mm. The forewing ground colour is yellow with flecks of orange. The wing veins are also orange. The fascia is black-brown. The basal fascia forms a midpoint right angle. The distal fascia ends apically. The distal area is shaded grey and there is a small black discal spot. The hindwing is similar but lacks the basal fascia and the distal fascia does not reach the wing apex.
The moths fly in one generation from July to September. . They are attracted to light.
The caterpillars feed on sallow.
Notes
The flight season refers to the British Isles. This may vary in other parts of the range.
External links
Bordered beauty on UKmoths
BioLib
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum.de
Vlindernet.nl
Ourapterygini
Moths described in 1767
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Johann Siegfried Hufnagel
George Jones and Gene Pitney (Recorded in Nashville!) is an album by American country music artist George Jones and rock and roll artist Gene Pitney. The album is also known as It's Country Time Again!
Track listing
"Mockin' Bird Hill" (Vaughn Horton)
"As Long as I Live" (Roy Acuff)
"My Favorite Lies"(George Jones, Jack Ripley)
"Y'all Come" (Arlie Duff)
"Someday (You'll Want Me to Want You)" (Jimmy Hodges)
"Love Bug" (Wayne Kemp, Curtis Wayne)
"Big Job" (Jones, Hank Mills)
"Your Old Standby" (Jim Eanes, Wayne Perry)
"Why Baby" (Jones, Darrell Edwards)
"That's All It Took" (Jones, Darrell Edwards, C. Grier)
"Louisiana Man" (Doug Kershaw)
"I Can't Stop Loving You" (Don Gibson)
External links
George Jones' Official Website
1965 albums
George Jones albums
Vocal duet albums
Gene Pitney albums
Musicor Records albums
Hello is a greeting in the English language.
Hello may also refer to:
Art, entertainment, and media
Films
Hello (1999 film), a Tamil film directed by Selva Bharathy
Hello (2007 film), a Malayalam film
Hello (2008 film), a Bollywood thriller film
Hello (2011 film), a Ugandan short film
Hello (2017 film), a Telugu film
Television
"Hello", an episode of The Good Doctor
Music
Artists
Hello (band), British glam rock band
Albums
Hello (After Edmund album), 2008
Hello (The Capes album), 2005
Hello (Half Japanese album), 2001
Hello (Hedley album), 2015
Hello (Poe album), 1995
Hello (Cho Yong-pil album), 2013
Hello! (album), by Status Quo, 1973
Hello...x, by Tristan Prettyman, 2008
Hello EP, by The Minus 5, 1995
Hello (Karmin EP), 2012
Hello (Mamamoo EP), 2014
Hello (Joy EP), 2021
Hello, repackaged version of Lucifer (Shinee album), 2010
Hello, an album by Joy, 1986
Hello, an EP by Tatyana Ali, 2014
Songs
"Hello" (Adele song), 2015
"Hello" (Aya Ueto song), 2003
"Hello" (The Beloved song), 1990
"Hello" (The Cat Empire song), 2003
"Hello" (Hedley song), 2015
"Hello" (Ice Cube song), 2001
"Hello!" (Joe Inoue song), 2008
"Hello" (Joy song), 2021
"Hello" (Karmin song), 2011
"Hello" (Kelly Clarkson song), 2011
"Hello" (Lionel Richie song), 1984
"Hello" (Martin Solveig and Dragonette song), 2010
"Hello" (Masaharu Fukuyama song), 1995
"Hello" (Mohombi song), Melodifestivalen 2019 song
"Hello" (Pop Smoke song), 2021
"Hello" (Poe song), 1996
"Hello" (The Potbelleez song), 2011
"Hello" (Stafford Brothers song), featuring Lil Wayne and Christina Milian, 2013
"Hello (Follow Your Own Star)", by Christina Aguilera, 2004
"Hello (I Love You)", by Roger Waters, 2007
"Hello (Paradise Kiss)", by Yui, 2011
"Hello (Turn Your Radio On)", by Shakespears Sister (1991), also covered by Queensberry
"Hello! (Good to Be Back)", by Scooter, 2005
"Hello", by Above & Beyond from the album Acoustic II, 2016
"Hello", by Baby Chaos from the album Love Your Self Abuse, 1996
"Hello", by Beyoncé Knowles from the album I Am... Sasha Fierce, 2008
"Hello", by Blackfield, 2003
"Hello", by Candîce Hillebrand, 2003
"Hello", by Cody Simpson from the album Paradise, 2012
“Hello”, by Dan Zanes and Friends ft. Barbara Brousal from Rocket Ship Beach, 2000
"Hello", by Eminem from the album Relapse, 2009
"Hello", by Erykah Badu from the album But You Caint Use My Phone, 2015
"Hello", by Evanescence from the album Fallen, 2003
"Hello", by J. Cole from the album 2014 Forest Hills Drive, 2014
"Hello", by James from the album Millionaires, 1999
"Hello", by Jimmy Harnen from the album Can't Fight the Midnight, 1989
"Hello", by Joy from the album Hello, 1986
"Hello", by Jung Yong-hwa and Sunwoo Jung-a from the collaboration "Empathy", 2016
"Hello", by LL Cool J from the album G.O.A.T., 2000
"Hello", by Oasis from the album (What's the Story) Morning Glory?, 1995
"Hello", by Prince, included as a B-side of "Pop Life", 1985
"Hello", by Prism from the album See Forever Eyes, 1978
"Hello", by Rock Goddess from the album Young and Free, 1987
"Hello", by Shinee from the album Lucifer, 2010
"Hello", by T.I. from the album King, 2006
"Hello", by T.I. from the album Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head, 2012
"Hello", by Ty Dolla Sign from the album Campaign, 2016
"Hello", by will.i.am from the album #willpower, 2013
"Hello", by Zooey Deschanel from the album Trolls, 2016
"Hello", from the musical The Book of Mormon, 2011
Other media
Hello! (magazine), a British celebrity magazine
Hello (web series), a 2017 Indian web series
Computing and technology
Hello, a discontinued software program for Picasa
Hello, a discontinued WebRTC program for Firefox
Hello.jpg, a notorious image featured on shock site Goatse.cx
Hello (company), a sleep-tracking company
Hello (social network), a social networking service founded by Orkut Büyükkökten
Hello world program, a software programming demonstration
Windows Hello, a feature of Microsoft Windows 10.
Other uses
Ernest Hello (1828–1885), French critic
Hello (airline), a Swiss charter airline
Hello convention, bidding convention in bridge
See also
Hello Hello (disambiguation)
Hallo (disambiguation)
HELO (disambiguation)
Haro (character)
The 2014 Campeonato Internacional de Tênis de Campinas was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the fourth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2014 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Campinas, Brazil between 15 and 21 September 2014.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of September 8, 2014.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Fabrício Neis
Ghilherme Scarpelli
Leonardo Telles
Marcelo Zormann
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Nicolas Santos
João Pedro Sorgi
Ricardo Hocevar
Caio Zampieri
Champions
Singles
Diego Schwartzman def. André Ghem, 4–6, 6–4, 7–5
Doubles
Facundo Bagnis / Diego Schwartzman def. André Ghem / Fabrício Neis, 7–6(7–4), 5–7, [10–7]
External links
Official Website
Tetra Pak Tennis Cup
2014 Tetra Pak Tennis Cup
Szlama (diminutive Szlamek) - Polish Yiddish male given name of Š-L-M, may refer to:
Szlama Ber Winer (1911–1942), Polish Jew from Izbica Kujawska, who escaped from the Chełmno extermination camp
Szlama Grzywacz (1909-1944), member of the French resistance
Polish masculine given names
Jewish masculine given names
The 1957–58 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 47th since its establishment.
League table
References
1957–58 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Tilton is an unincorporated community in Poweshiek and Keokuk counties, in the U.S. state of Iowa.
History
Tilton was platted in 1884. It was named for George W. Tilton, a railroad official. Tilton's population was 27 in 1902.
The post office in Tilton closed in 1931.
References
Unincorporated communities in Keokuk County, Iowa
Unincorporated communities in Poweshiek County, Iowa
1884 establishments in Iowa
Unincorporated communities in Iowa
1968 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 62nd water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1968 in water polo
1968 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Blackwood, 1st Baronet, GCH, KCB (28 December 1770 – 17 December 1832), whose memorial is in Killyleagh Parish Church, was a British sailor.
Early life
Blackwood was the fourth son of Sir John Blackwood, 2nd Baronet, of Ballyleidy (later renamed Clandeboye), County Down, and of Dorcas Blackwood, 1st Baroness Dufferin and Claneboye. In April 1781 they entered the Royal Navy as a volunteer on board the frigate HMS Artois, with Captain John MacBride, and in them was present at the Battle on the Dogger Bank.
With the frigates
They were promoted lieutenant, commander, and to the rank of post captain. From August 1795 to April 1796 they were captain of the floating battery in the Humber. They were then appointed to the frigate HMS Brilliant, of 28 guns. Early in 1798 Brilliant was sent out to join Admiral Waldegrave on the Newfoundland Station; and on 26 July, whilst standing close in to the bay of Santa Cruz in quest of a French privateer, they observed the frigates Vertu and Régénérée preparing to sail for Rochefort. At 6, the French frigates put to sail and started firing on Brilliant; Régénérée was closing in to their opponent when Vertu, which had sailed large, touched the wind; Régénérée imitated their manoeuver, but lost their mizzen and bowsprit, allowing Brilliant to flee. Vertu gave chase, but could not overhaul their opponent and returned to Tenerife. There, Régénérée replaced their rigging, and both frigates eventually arrived in Rochefort on 5 September.
Early in 1799 the Brilliant returned to England, and Blackwood was appointed to the frigate HMS Penelope, of 36 guns, in which, after a few months of Channel service, they were sent out to the Mediterranean, and employed during the winter and following spring in the close blockade of Malta.
On the night of 30 March 1800 Guillaume Tell, of 80 guns, taking advantage of a southerly gale and intense darkness, weighed and ran out of the harbour. Although this ship of the line vastly outclassed Penelope, Blackwood immediately followed, and, having the advantage of sailing, quickly came up with her; then, in the words of the log:
'luffed under their stern, and gave them the larboard port broadside, bore up under the larboard quarter and gave them the starboard broadside, receiving from them only their stern-chase guns. From this hour till daylight, finding that we could place ourselves on either quarter, the action continued in the foregoing manner, and with such success on our side that, when day broke, the Guillaume Tell was found in a most dismantled state.
At five o'clock Lions, of 64 guns, and some little time afterwards Foudroyant, of 80 guns, came up, and after a determined and gallant resistance Guillaume Tell surrendered; but that they were brought to action at all was entirely due to the audacious Penelope. Nelson wrote from Palermo (5 April 1800) to Blackwood himself: 'Is there a sympathy which ties men together in the bonds of friendship without having a personal knowledge of each other? If so (and I believe it was so to you), I was your friend and acquaintance before I saw you. Your conduct and character on the late glorious occasion stamps your fame beyond the reach of envy. It was like yourself; it was like the Penelope. Thanks; and say everything kind for me to your brave officers and men'.
HMS Euryalus
In April 1803 Blackwood was appointed to Euryalus, of 36 guns. During the next two years they were employed on the coast of Ireland or in the Channel, and in July 1805 was sent to watch the movements of the allied fleet under Villeneuve after its defeat by Sir Robert Calder. On their return with the news that Villeneuve had gone to Cadiz, they stopped on their way to London to see Nelson, who went with them to the Admiralty, and received their final instructions to resume the command of the fleet without delay. Blackwood, in Euryalus, accompanied them to Cadiz, and was appointed to the command of the inshore squadron, with the duty of keeping the admiral informed of every movement of the enemy. They were offered a line-of-battle ship, but preferred to remain in Euryalus, believing that they would have more opportunity of distinction; for Villeneuve, they were convinced, would not venture out in the presence of Nelson. When they saw the combined fleets outside, Blackwood could not but regret their decision. On the morning of Trafalgar, 21 Oct., in writing to their wife, they added: 'My signal just made on board Victory – I hope to order me into a vacant line-of-battle ship.' This signal was made at six o'clock, and from that time till after noon, when the shot were already flying thickly over the Victory, Blackwood remained on board, receiving the admiral's last instructions, and, together with Captain Hardy, witnessing the disregarded codicil to the admiral's will. They were then ordered to return to their ship. 'God bless you, Blackwood,' said Nelson, shaking them by the hand; 'I shall never speak to you again.' 'He' (and it was Blackwood themselves that wrote it) 'not only gave me the command of all the frigates, for the purpose of assisting disabled ships, but they also gave me a latitude seldom or ever given, that of making any use I pleased of their name in ordering any of the stern most line-of-battle ships to do what struck me as best'. Immediately after the battle Collingwood hoisted their flag on board the Euryalus, but after ten days removed it to Queen, and Euryalus was sent home with despatches and with the captured French admiral, Pierre-Charles de Villeneuve. Blackwood landed at Falmouth and was one of the first messengers to use the Trafalgar Way to deliver their dispatches to the Admiralty in London. They were thus in England at the time of Lord Nelson's funeral (8 January 1806), on which occasion they acted as train-bearer of the chief mourner, Sir Peter Parker, the aged admiral of the fleet.
Loss of HMS Ajax
In 1807, while captain of in the Dardanelles under the command of Admiral Sir John Duckworth, their vessel accidentally caught fire, with the loss of 252 lives. This still counts as one of the greatest tragedies in British naval history. Blackwood survived by clutching an oar for an hour in the water before being rescued by .
HMS Warspite
Following the obligatory court-martial hearing over the loss of Ajax, after being acquitted Blackwood was given command of , where one of their midshipmen was their nephew Price Blackwood, 4th Baron Dufferin and Claneboye. With this command they sailed in the North Sea and later with the Channel Fleet, receiving a small squadron command during the blockade of Toulon in 1810. They continued to serve in Warspite after their repairs in 1812, returning to the Channel Fleet, and serving at the blockades of Brest and Rochfort during a cruise that took Warspite to Vlissingen, Netherlands; Douarnenez, France; Basque Roads, France; and Cawsand, Cornwall.
One of their midshipmen, James Cheape, describes Blackwood as a disciplinarian who seemed to order lashings almost daily. Elsewhere Cheape describes the conflict between Blackwood and Lord Keith when in November 1813, Cheape says they wrote that Lord Melville ordered a line of battleships to the "Western Islands", and wanted Warspite to be among them. Lord Keith, however, advised Captain Blackwood, "that they could not possibly send them as they had orders to send another ship" and sent their friend Captain West's ship instead. Captain Blackwood then sent a "private letter to Lord Keith – saying they wished Warspite to have the preference before any other ship – when showed the letter to Lord Keith they would not read it – so I suppose they don't speak now." This caused Blackwood to resign their command immediately after a continuous active service of six years.
Rear admiral
On 4 June 1814 Blackwood attained the rank of rear-admiral, and in September they were created a Baronet, of the Navy, for their conduct of the heads of royal families of Europe to England following the defeat of Napoleon. In August 1819 they were made a Knight Companion of the Order of the Bath, and appointed commander-in-chief of the East Indies Station, nearly suffering a shipwreck in Leander on their way there off the coast of Madeira. They returned from this station in December 1822. They became vice-admiral in May 1825, and from 1827 to 1830 they were Commander-in-Chief, The Nore. During this period, they lived at Blackwood House, 6 Cornwall Terrace, Regent's Park, London.
Later life
From 1830 to their death they served as a Groom of the Bedchamber to King William IV.
They died after a short illness, differently stated as typhus or scarlet fever, on 17 December 1832, at Ballyleidy, the seat of their eldest brother, Lord Dufferin and Claneboye.  They are buried in Westminster Abbey with a monument by William Behnes.
Blackwood was married three times, and left a large family.
The Blackwood River, in Western Australia, is named in their honour; it was named by Captain (later Admiral Sir) James Stirling, who served under Blackwood as a youth from 1808 to 1810.
The region of Blackwood in Adelaide South Australia was named by William Light who served with them during the Napoleonic Wars
References
Further reading
The Trafalgar Captains, Colin White and the 1805 Club, Chatham Publishing, London, 2005,
External links
"Sir Henry Blackwood." From Admiral Lord Nelson site. Accessed on 18 October 2005.
Animation of the Battle of Trafalgar
|-
|-
1770 births
1832 deaths
People from County Down
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Royal Navy vice admirals
Royal Navy captains at the Battle of Trafalgar
Infectious disease deaths in Northern Ireland
Younger sons of barons
Younger sons of baronets
Henry
Deaths from streptococcus infection
Ceracanthia squamimagna is a species of snout moth. It was described by Herbert H. Neunzig and Maria Alma Solis in 2002 and is known from Costa Rica.
References
Moths described in 2002
Phycitinae
The Rozhen Monastery of the Nativity of the Mother of God (, Rozhenski manastir "Rozhdestvo Bogorodichno", Greek: Μονή Ροζινού, Moni Rozinou) is the biggest monastery in the Pirin Mountains in southwestern Bulgaria, nestled in the Melnik Earth Pyramids. It is one of the few medieval Bulgarian monasteries well preserved until today.
The earliest archaeological evidence of medieval life at the place is a grave with a few coins and decorations from the time of Byzantine Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos (1259–1282). Some other items also date to the 13th century while the marble frieze above the central gate of the church dates to the 13th or 14th century. A couple of new buildings were constructed in the monastery at the time of Despot Alexius Slav. The earliest written source testifying to the monastery's existence is a note on a chant book from 1551, today in the Great Lavra library on Mount Athos.
The monastery church was built before the 15th century and painted in 1597; some of those frescoes are preserved. In 1611, the south facade was painted. The Rozhen Monastery was devastated by fire between 1662 and 1674, destroying the library and severely damaging most buildings. The monastery was restored over the next century with the financial help of rich Bulgarians from the whole country. The reconstruction began in 1715 and was fully finished in 1732.
The monastery reached its apogee in the 19th century, when it was a regional centre of Orthodox Christianity and owned a lot of land in the area. Famous Bulgarian revolutionary Yane Sandanski's grave is located near the monastery.
Honour
Rozhen Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Rozhen site in relation with the Rozhen Monastery.
Gallery
External links
Photos from Rozhen Monastery
Images from Rozhen Monastery
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1732
Bulgarian Orthodox monasteries
Christian monasteries in Bulgaria
Buildings and structures in Blagoevgrad Province
Christian monasteries established in the 13th century
Medieval Bulgarian Orthodox church buildings
Lawrence Olson (May 7, 1918 – March 17, 1992) was an American historian specializing in Japan who served as the professor of history at Wesleyan University. In 1987, the Government of Japan honored them with the Order of the Sacred Treasure, the highest honor available to a foreigner, in recognition of their efforts in raising awareness of Japan in the United States. They were a professor of history at Wesleyan University.
Early years
Born on May 7, 1918, in Memphis, Tennessee, Olson grew up in Mississippi and received their undergraduate training at the University of Mississippi, graduating in 1938. They completed a Master of Arts at Harvard University in 1939 and following the interruption of the Second World War, earned their doctorate there in 1955. During World War II, Olson graduated from the United States Navy Japanese Language School in Boulder, Colorado. They served in naval intelligence as a lieutenant with the Pacific Fleet Radio Unit, Station HYPO, at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. This unit intercepted and attempted to decipher the Japanese military code messages.
Academic career
After the end of the war, Olson worked at the Central Intelligence Agency in Washington DC between 1948 and 1950, and they served as cultural attaché at the American embassy in Manila, Philippines from 1951 to 1952, before finishing their PhD at Harvard. In 1955, they joined the American Universities Field Staff, an educational foundation dedicated towards providing in-depth studies of contemporary foreign society. They lived in Japan for the majority of the next twelve years, serving initially as a staff associate with the body. From 1962 to 1966 they were a senior staff associate. They and their family also retained a home in Manchester, Massachusetts, during that period. They returned to the United States to take up an academic post.
Olson was responsible for developing the program in Asian studies at Wesleyan University, Middletown, Connecticut. They served on the faculty at the school from 1966 until their retirement in 1986. They continued their scholarly work after retirement, and their new book, Ambivalent Moderns: Portraits of Japanese Cultural Identity, was published in the month they died.
Olson wrote many pieces on the social, political, and economic issues that faced Japan in that era. Their work was important reading for U.S. government officials and others concerned with making policy towards Japan. They also lectured extensively on Japan. In addition to their new book, they authored Dimensions of Japan (1963) and Japan in Postwar Asia (1970), as well as a poetry anthology, The Cranes on Dying River and Other Poems (1947). Olson knew the importance of language and history in the study of East Asia and drew upon these in their own writing and teaching about Japan.
They were decorated in 1987 by the Government of Japan with the Order of the Sacred Treasure in recognition of their role in spreading knowledge of Japan in the United States.
Olson died of cancer at their home in Washington, D.C., on March 17, 1992.
References
1918 births
1992 deaths
University of Mississippi alumni
Harvard University alumni
Wesleyan University faculty
United States Navy officers
Recipients of the Order of the Sacred Treasure
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Tonagh Island () is a steep-sided, flat-topped island, 4 nautical miles (7 km) long and 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) wide, lying southwest of the mouth of Beaver Glacier in the south part of Amundsen Bay. Sighted in October 1956 by an ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) party led by P.W. Crohn and named for Lieutenant Leslie Tonagh, DUKW driver with the ANARE, 1956.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Enderby Land
Mark Krikorian (born March 28, 1960) is an American sports executive and former soccer coach who is president of soccer operations and general manager of Washington Spirit.
A long-time college soccer coach, Krikorian is most well known being the head coach for the Florida State Seminoles women's soccer team from 2005 until their abrupt retirement from coaching in 2022. In 2014, Krikorian led the Florida State Seminoles women's soccer team to their first NCAA Women's Soccer Championship, where they defeated the Virginia Cavaliers 1-0. Krikorian previously coached at Franklin Pierce University and the University of Hartford.
Krikorian also served as head coach of Philadelphia Charge of the Women's United Soccer Association (WUSA), which ran for three seasons from 2001 until 2003. They were named WUSA Coach of the Year in 2002. In 2004, Krikorian coached the United States women's under-19 team to the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship in Thailand.
Collegiate coaching record
Coaching honors
Franklin Pierce Ravens
NCAA Division II Women's Soccer Championship: 1994, 1995
Hartford Hawks
America East Tournament champions: 1997, 1998, 1999
America East regular season champions: 1997, 1998, 1999
Florida State Seminoles
NCAA Division I Women's Soccer Championship: 2014, 2018, 2021
ACC regular season champions: 2009, 2012, 2014, 2020
ACC Women's Soccer Tournament Champions: 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018, 2020, 2021
United States U-20
2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship bronze medal: 2004
Individual
NSCAA Division II National Coach of the Year: 1992, 1995
Women's United Soccer Association Coach of the Year: 2002
TopDrawerSoccer.com National Coach of the Year: 2018
United Soccer Coaches College Coach of the Year: 2014, 2020
References
External links
WUSA Profile
Florida State University Profile
1960 births
Living people
American soccer coaches
American women's soccer coaches
Florida State Seminoles women's soccer coaches
Hartford Hawks women's soccer coaches
Saint Anselm College alumni
Women's United Soccer Association coaches
Jeremiah Dunham Botkin (April 24, 1849 – December 29, 1921) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born near Atlanta, Illinois, Botkin attended the country schools. Spent one year at De Pauw University, Greencastle, Indiana.
They pursued theological studies, and entered the Methodist ministry in 1870. They were an unsuccessful Prohibition candidate for Governor of Kansas in 1888. They were an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1894 to the Fifty-fourth Congress. Chaplain of the Kansas Senate in 1897.
Botkin was elected as a Populist to the Fifty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1897 – March 3, 1899).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1898 to the Fifty-sixth Congress.
They resumed ministerial duties. They were an unsuccessful candidate for governor in 1908. Warden of the State penitentiary, Lansing, Kansas from 1913 to 1915. They again resumed their ministerial duties. They became a Chautauqua lecturer in 1921. They died in Liberal, Kansas, December 29, 1921.
They were interred in Winfield Cemetery, Winfield, Kansas. They were married three times. Mary Elizabeth Oliver (1862-1953)in 1889; Laura Helen Waldo (1861-1888), and Carrie L. Kirkpatrick (1853-1878).
References
https://www.findagrave.com/memorial/6898357
1849 births
1921 deaths
People from Atlanta, Illinois
Methodists from Kansas
People's Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Kansas Prohibitionists
Kansas Populists
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
CIZL-FM, known on air as Z99, is a radio station in Regina, Saskatchewan broadcasting at 98.9 MHz. It has studios with sister stations CJME and CKCK-FM at 2401 Saskatchewan Drive in Regina.
CIZL was founded in 1982 by Rawlco Communications. Its original format was modern rock, and has evolved over the years between the contemporary hit radio and Adult CHR formats. However, its name and logo have remained constant.
The station holds an annual charity event, the Z99 Radiothon, in support of the Regina General Hospital's neonatal intensive care unit.
References
External links
Izl
Izl
Izl
Radio stations established in 1982
1982 establishments in Saskatchewan
The three teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. Belgium and Bulgaria finished level on points, a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify. The winner (Bulgaria) qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Matches
Belgium and Bulgaria finished level on points, and a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify.
Bulgaria qualified.
Final Table
Team stats
Head coach: Constant Vanden Stock
Head coach: Rudolf Vytlačil
Head coach: Milovan Ćirić
External links
FIFA official page
RSSSF - 1966 World Cup Qualification
Allworldcup
1)
1964–65 in Israeli football
1965–66 in Israeli football
1964–65 in Belgian football
1965–66 in Belgian football
1964–65 in Bulgarian football
1965–66 in Bulgarian football
Rozaliya Haydyarovna Nasretdinova (), (born 10 February 1997) is a Russian swimmer.  They are of Tatar and Russian roots.
Career
In 2012, Nasretdinova competed in their first 2012 European Junior Championships taking silver in 50 m freestyle and gold in 4 × 100 m freestyle. The same year, they competed in seniors at the 2012 European Short Course Swimming Championships taking silver in 4×50 m mixed freestyle.
In 2013, Nasretdinova won 4 gold medals at the 2013 European Junior Championships, in 50 m freestyle, 50 m butterfly, 4 × 100 m freestyle and 4 × 100 m mixed freestyle. They won gold in 4×50 m mixed freestyle and bronze in 4×50 m freestyle at the 2013 European Short Course Swimming Championships. Nasretdinova (together with Svetlana Chimrova, Daria Ustinova and Yulia Efimova's) gold in 4×50 m medley at the 2013 European Short Course Championships was later disqualified due to Yulia Efimova's alleged positive test for DHEA, a prescription steroid banned in professional sports.
In 2014, Nasretdinova won 2 gold medals in swimming at the 2014 Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing, China in 50 m freestyle and 50 m butterfly. They have competed at the 2014 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Doha, Qatar taking silver in 4×50 m mixed freestyle (with Vladimir Morozov, Veronika Popova, Evgeny Sedov, Oleg Tikhobaev, Margarita Nesterova and Nikita Konovalov).
References
External links
Rozaliya Nasretdinova at The-Sports.org
1997 births
Living people
Russian female butterfly swimmers
Russian female freestyle swimmers
Swimmers from Moscow
Olympic swimmers of Russia
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Medalists at the FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)
Universiade medalists in swimming
Tatar people of Russia
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Universiade bronze medalists for Russia
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2015 Summer Universiade
Ronald Jonker (born 14 December 1944) is an Australian former cyclist. They competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Australian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Australia
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Commonwealth Games medallists in cycling
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Cyclists at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
Padmanabhapuram Palace, also known as Kalkulam Palace, is a Travancore era palace located in Padmanabhapuram in the Kanyakumari district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The palace is owned, controlled and maintained by the government of the neighbouring state of Kerala. This palace is older than Rambagh Palace in Rajasthan. It is possible that it is the one of the oldest palaces in India.
Padmanabhapuram is the former capital city of the erstwhile Hindu kingdom of Travancore. It is around 20 km from Nagercoil, 39 km from Kanyakumari town and 52 km from Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala. The palace is complex inside with an old granite fortress around four kilometers long. The palace is located at the foot of the Veli Hills, which forms a part of the Western Ghats. The river Valli flows nearby.
Another palace known as Kuttalam Palace is situated in Kuttalam in Tenkasi district, Tamil Nadu which is also under the ownership of Kerala government. It is situated in the Tenkasi District, Tamil Nadu (before state reorganisation, Kanyakumari District, Chenkottah Taluk, Tenkasi Taluk including the areas of Kuttalam are in the control of Travancore Kingdom in Kerala). It is owned, controlled and maintained by the Kerala Government.
Construction
The palace was constructed around 1601 CE by Iravi Varma Kulasekhara Perumal who ruled Venad between 1592 and 1609. The founder of modern Travancore, King Anizham Thirunal Marthanda Varma (1706–1758) who ruled Travancore from 1729 to 1758, rebuilt the palace in around 1750. King Marthaanda Varma dedicated the kingdom to their family deity Sree Padmanabha, a form of Lord Vishnu and ruled the kingdom as Padmanabha dasa or servant of Lord Padmanabha. Hence the name Padmanabhapuram or City of Lord Padmanabha. In the late 18th century, precisely in 1795 the capital of Travancore was shifted from here to Thiruvananthapuram, and the place lost its former glory. However, the palace complex continues to be one of the best examples of traditional Kerala architecture, and some portions of the sprawling complex are also the hallmark of traditional Kerala style architecture. The Palace though surrounded entirely by the State of Tamil Nadu is still part of Kerala and the land and Palace belongs to the Government of Kerala. This Palace is maintained by the Govt. of Kerala Archaeology Department.
Unique rooms
The Padmanabhapuram Palace complex consists of several structures:
Mantrasala; the King's Council Chamber
Thai Kottaram, constructed before 1550
Nataksala; the Performance Hall
A four-storeyed mansion at the centre of the complex
Thekee Kottaram; the Southern Palace
Central mansion
The four-storeyed building is located at the centre of the palace complex. The ground floor houses the royal treasury. The first floor houses the King's bedrooms. The ornamental bedstead is made of 64 types of herbal and medicinal woods, and was a gift from the Dutch merchants. Most of the rooms here and in other parts of the palace complex have built-in recesses in walls for storing weapons like swords and daggers. The second floor houses the King's resting and study rooms. Here the King used to spend time during fasting days. The top floor (called upparikka malika) served as the worship chamber of the royal household. Its walls are covered with exquisite 18th century murals, depicting scenes from the puranas, and also few scenes from the social life of the Travancore of that time. The top floor was supposed to be Sree Padmanabha Swamy's room. This building was constructed during the reign of King Marthandavarma. They were also designated as Padmanabha Dasa and used to rule the Travancore kingdom as a servant of Sree Padmanabha Swamy.
Southern Palace
The southern palace is as old as the 'Thai kottaram' (Mother's palace), which would make it about 400 years old. Now, it serves as a heritage museum, exhibiting antique household articles and curios. Collections of items give an insight into the social and cultural ethos of that period.
Uppirikka malika
To the northwest of Thai Kottaram is one of the most notable parts of the royal complex, Uppirikka malika. Uppiri, which means ‘multi- storied'. Back in 1745, the then King Anizham Tirunal Marthanda Varma built this grand complex. The ground floor of this Malika housed the coveted Tranvcore royal treasury. Above this treasury was the palace king's bed chambers. Therein lies the famous sapramancha kattil. Supposedly, 64 timber samples with medicinal properties makes up this grand poster bed. A stair from the King's room leads us to their fasting Chambers. This is where the King resided when they fasted in devotion.
Other features
The Padamnabhapuram Palace complex has several other interesting features:
The palace is located near Thuckalay, Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu state but administered by the Government of Kerala state.
The clock tower in the palace complex has a 300-year-old clock, which still keeps time.
A big hall now bare, which can accommodate around 1000 guests, and where ceremonial feasts were held, on auspicious occasions.
A secret passage, now blocked, through which the king, their immediate family members, and their entourage could escape to another palace, located several kilometers away in the event of any emergency. Name of this palace is Charottu Kottaram.
A flight of steps leads to a bathing pond, which has lost its freshness due to neglect and years of disuse.
The palace complex also has a section of curios and several interesting objects:
An entire room filled with old Chinese jars, all gifts by Chinese merchants.
A variety of weapons (which were actually used in warfare), including swords and daggers.
Brass lamps, wood and stone sculpture, a variety of furniture and large mirrors made of polished metal.
A gallery of paintings depicting incidents from the history of Travancore.
A wooden cot made of up to 64 wooden pieces of a variety of medicinal tree trunks
Polished stone cot, meant for cool effect
Toilet and well
Gallery
See also
List of State Protected Monuments in Kerala
Tentative List of World Heritage Sites in India
Eraniel
Marthandavarma (novel)
References
External links
Protected Monuments in Kerala, Archaeological Survey of India
Padmanabhapuram Palace at the World Heritage Tentative List
Kanyakumari
Kingdom of Travancore
History of Kerala
Palaces in Tamil Nadu
Royal residences in India
Travancore royal family
Monuments of National Importance in Kerala
Eber Simpson (August 8, 1863 – November 19, 1919) was an American politician.
Biography
Born in Ellenburg, New York, Simpson moved with their parents to Eureka, Winnebago County, Wisconsin. They worked on farms, grocery stores, lumber mills, and the Oshkosh Fire Department. Simpson served on the Oshkosh, Wisconsin Common Council from 1896 to 1904 and was Sheriff of Winnebago County. Simpson was a Republican. In 1919, Simpson served in the Wisconsin State Assembly and then died suddenly while still in office.
Notes
1863 births
1919 deaths
People from Clinton County, New York
Politicians from Oshkosh, Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin sheriffs
Wisconsin city council members
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Since the 1980s, the introduction of hip hop and electro music brought street art to the UK on a large scale. This was further expanded with the introduction of custom may spray paint which allowed artists to create even more artistic and experimental graffiti. Notably, Banksy is arguably one of the most famous graffiti artists in the UK, but it was the crews such as DryBreadZ who first gained recognition. Examples of UK graffiti artists include: Banksy, Stik, Inkie and My Dog Sighs.
Graffiti was not considered a credible form of art until the 2000s with the likes of Alex Martinez spreading awareness of this new type of art form. As a result of this art collectors began to get street artists to do commissioned pieces of art for them which lead to graffiti becoming a viable option for street artists to earn some money.
Penalties
When the criminal damage caused by the graffiti exceeds £5,000 the maximum penalty for individuals aged 18 or more is 10 years imprisonment and the maximum penalty for people ages between 12 and 17 is a detention and training order up to 24 months. Alternatively if the damage is less than £5,000 the maximum sentence possible is 3 months imprisonment or a total fine of £2,500 for adults. The Anti-social Behaviour Act 2003 allows police community support officers an alternative remedy by allowing them to issue penalty notices of £50.
An example of this UK punishment is the case of Tom Collister. Collister belonged to a gang of graffiti artists who were carrying out acts of vandalism across South London, mainly on trains and at stations. They were said to be linked to the tags SKEAMS, SKEAMZ, SKEAM and FDC. In October 2008 Collister was given a 30-month sentence for their crimes after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit criminal damage. They were sentenced along with the other three members of their gang, Darren Austin, who was given 18 months; William Setzdemspey, who was given 15 months; and Joshua Phiel who was given 12 months. All four members were initially taken to HMP Wandsworth, however in January 2009 Collister was transferred to Camp Hill Prison, making it much harder for their family to support him, while their co-defendants remained in Wandsworth. In February 2009 Collister's sentencing appeal was heard in London and the sentence was reduced by 10 months therefore meaning they were now only to serve 20 months. They were said to be severely distressed when they were told they would be returning to Camp Hill Prison to complete the remainder of their sentence and was found dead just four days later. A statement from the inquest jury at the Coroner's Court in the Isle of Wight released their verdict claiming that there were several failures in the Prison's care system provided to Collister. The jury found many issues in the prison's supervision on the night of Collister's death. There was a lack of supervision resulting in lack of prisoner safety on the wing, the officer who found Collister did not have adequate training to deal with such an emergency situation, with no sense of how to react to suspected suicide or self-harm. They also lacked sufficient resuscitation and first-aid training. Collister's family believed that they had not intended to take their own life, it was a suspected cry for help that had gone severely wrong.
References
Public art in the United Kingdom
Graffiti and unauthorised signage
is a railway station in Kamigōri, Akō District, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by the third-sector semi-public railway operator Chizu Express.
Lines
Kōnohara-Enshin Station is served by the Chizu Express Chizu Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Chizu Express
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
is a railway station in Mihara, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Buildings
Surrounding Area
National Route 185
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Source
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1930
Songs from the Second Floor () is a Swedish black comedy-drama film which was released to cinemas in Sweden on 6 October 2000, written and directed by Roy Andersson. It presents a series of disconnected vignettes that together interrogate aspects of modern life. It uses quotations from the work of Peruvian poet César Vallejo as a recurring motif.
It is the first film in a trilogy, followed by You, the Living (2007) and A Pigeon Sat on a Branch Reflecting on Existence (2014).
Plot
A man is standing in a subway car, their face dirty with soot. In their right hand they carry a plastic bag with documents, or rather, the charred leftovers of them. In a corridor a man is clinging desperately to the legs of the boss who just fired him.  They are screaming: "I've been here for thirty years!" In a coffee shop someone is waiting for their father, who just burned their furniture company for insurance money. Traffic jams and self-flagellating stock brokers are filling up the streets while an economist, desperate for a solution to the problem of work becoming too expensive, gazes into the crystal ball of a scryer. The main men all have goals but their destinations change during the story.
Cast
Lars Nordh as Kalle
Stefan Larsson as Stefan
Bengt C. W. Carlsson as Lennart
Torbjörn Fahlström as Pelle Wigert
Sten Andersson as Lasse
Rolando Núñez as the foreigner
Lucio Vucina as the magician
Per Jörnelius as the sawed man
Peter Roth as Tomas
Klas-Gösta Olsson as the speechwriter
Nils-Åke Eriksson as patient
Hanna Eriksson as Mia
Tommy Johansson as Uffe
Sture Olsson as Sven
Fredrik Sjögren as the Russian boy
Reception
Film critic J. Hoberman from The Village Voice concluded about the film: "Easier to respect than enthuse over, Andersson's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing." Roger Ebert of Chicago Sun-Times gave the film four stars out of four and wrote, "You may not enjoy it but you will not forget it." Anton Bitel, writing for Eye for Film, felt that "the heavy symbolism overwhelms the storytelling."
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film received an 89% approval rating, based on 35 reviews, with an average rating of 7.5/10. On Metacritic, the film was given a score of 76 out of 100, based on 14 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews."
Awards and nominations
Wins
Bodil Awards
Best Non-American Film (Bedste ikke amerikanske film) Roy Andersson (director)
Cannes Film Festival
Jury Prize (Roy Andersson)
Brothers Manaki International Film Festival
Audience Award István Borbás
Norwegian International Film Festival
Norwegian Film Critics Award Roy Andersson
Guldbagge Award
Best Film (Bästa film) Lisa Alwert
Best Direction (Bästa regi) Roy Andersson
Best Screenplay (Bästa manuskript) Roy Andersson
Best Cinematography (Bästa foto) István Borbás and Jesper Klevenas
Best Achievement (Bästa prestation) Jan Alvemark
Nominations
Cannes Film Festival
Golden Palm
British Independent Film Awards
Best Foreign Independent Film - Foreign Language
See also
César Vallejo
References
External links
"The New Cult Canon: Songs from the Second Floor" at The A.V. Club
2000s Swedish-language films
2000 films
2000 black comedy films
Swedish black comedy films
Films directed by Roy Andersson
2000 comedy-drama films
Best Film Guldbagge Award winners
Films whose director won the Best Director Guldbagge Award
Films scored by Benny Andersson
2000s Swedish films
Nicola Stanley-Wall FRSE FRSB is a Professor of Microbiology in the School of Life Sciences at the University of Dundee who works on the molecular mechanism of biofilm formation. Them laboratory investigates how bacteria come together to form social communities called biofilms. More specifically, their research analyses the way the molecules in the biofilm matrix provide support and protection to biofilms formed by the Gram-positive bacterium Bacillus subtilis.
In 2012, they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Biology. In 2018, they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
 They are an advocate for public engagement in science and has taken part in national and international events. Stanley-Wall was awarded the Royal Society of Edinburgh's Beltane Prize for Public Engagement in 2012 and became Academic Lead for Public Engagement for the School. In this role they led in the process that resulted in the School of Life Sciences at the University of Dundee, being the first faculty in the country to be awarded a Gold Engage Watermark by the National Co-ordinating Centre for Public Engagement. In 2018, the University of Dundee's School of Life Sciences hosted the Magnificent Microbes! event with the Dundee Science Centre.  They are a member of the Young Academy of Scotland where they are part of the Excellence in Education group.
As part of their interest in science communication, they and their colleague Kelsey McOwat created the 'Blast a Biofilm' board game to raise awareness and knowledge of biofilms in young learners. Due to the increasing risk of antibiotic resistance and correlating decrease in effective clinical treatments, this work has a clear pathway to impact. In addition, the Stanley-Wall lab has worked with a scientific animation company, Vivomotion, to make an animation that explains what biofilms are and how they impact people's everyday lives.
About their work, they state, "I love my job as it involves original thinking, scientific enquiry, and versatility: skills that I have enjoyed developing over the course of my career."
In 2015, they were part of a team including Cait MacPhee that aimed to develop ice cream that does not melt.
In 2019, Dr Stanley-Wall was one of the female scientists celebrated by the Royal Society of Edinburgh in its photo exhibition at the entrance of the RSE building.
Education
Stanley-Wall received their PhD from the University of East Anglia in 2000. They were an EMBO (European Molecular Biology Organisation) Long term fellow at the University of California at Los Angeles (2001-2005).
Current projects
Between 2017-2022 they are the principal investigator on the BBSRC funded project 'Architecture of a Biofilm' which aims to build and subsequently utilise artificial biofilms.
From 2017-2022 they are a co-investigator on the IKC biofilms project, the National Biofilms Innovation Centre (NBIC): this is a collaborative endeavour with The University of Edinburgh and The University of Southampton. For this project, NBIC is working across four strategic themes to prevent, detect, manage and engineer biofilms, using world-class underpinning research to address sectoral challenges identified with industry partners.
Awards
Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (2018)
Fellow of the European Academy of Microbiologists (2018)
Teaching Award for Good Practice (Highly Commended) (2016)
Wain Medal (2016)
The Brian Cox Award for Public Engagement (2014)
Fellow of the Society of Biology (2012)
Royal Society of Edinburgh Patrick Neil Medal (2012)
Royal Society of Edinburgh Beltane Prize for Public Engagement (2012)
Royal Society of Edinburgh, Young Academy (2011)
The Brian Cox Award for Public Engagement: Senior Researcher (2010)
Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh Young Academy (2010)
The Fleming Award Medal of the Society for General Microbiology (2009)
In 2005 they were awarded a BBSRC David Phillips Fellowship for their work on environmental regulators and the genes required for biofilm formation by Bacillus subtilis.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Fellows of the Royal Society of Biology
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Women microbiologists
Erol Iba (born in Jayapura, Papua, 6 August 1979) is a retired Indonesian professional footballer. They normally play as a defender or can be a midfielder and their height is 170 cm. Best known for their speed in the left wing, they are also noted for their good dribbling, passing and aggressiveness.  They are currently the assistant coach of the Persipura Jayapura.
Club career
Starting their football career in Papua Training and Education Center, Erol moved to Ragunan Training and Education Center in 1997. There they spent one year, before joining with football club from West Sumatera which played in Indonesian League, Semen Padang, in 1998.
In this club, where they spent four years, Erol was remarked as one of the most talented Indonesian wing backs. The young star took their club as top ten club in the competition in 2000, and in 2001 they took Semen Padang to the semifinal phase of Indonesian league.
Their abilities soon attracted many clubs to sign him. In 2002, they signed a one-year contract with PSPS Pekanbaru, a club that was forming a dream team by signing many of Indonesian's famous players such as Kurniawan Dwi Yulianto and Bima Sakti. However, they failed to repeat their good performance in Semen Padang as well as the club failed to be the top flight in the league.
Despite their poor performance, Erol was signed by Benny Dollo, currently the coach of Indonesian football team, who was at that time, the coach of Arema Malang, in which Erol spent three years from 2003–2006.
In this club Erol proved their talent by taking the club to become the champion of Copa Indonesia in both 2005 and 2006.
Later on they joined Persik Kediri after the departure of Benny Dollo from Arema Malang. In 2007 Erol signed a deal with Pelita Jaya joining Fandi Ahmad, the ex–Singapore most famous striker, who is coaching for the club.
Their form attracted attention from current A-League side Sydney FC.
After 11 years playing in several clubs outside Papua, Erol, in 2009, return to their hometown playing for Persipura Jayapura, the 2 times Champion of Indonesian Super League. They said that this was every Papua player's dream to be in the Persipura Jayapura Squad. Their success in Indonesia League breaks a negative thought saying that Papuan players often fail when they are playing for another clubs outside Papua.
More interest came from A-League sides, this time Newcastle Jets, and Erol was linked with the Australian Side.
In January 2015, they signed with Persepam Madura United.
International career
They have played for the Indonesia national football team. Their first International debut in a senior national team squad was on 23 August 2006 at the 2006 Merdeka Tournament. There they played for Indonesia against Malaysia, where the teams tied 1-1. At Asian Cup 2007 they just played one time as a substitution player when Indonesia lost 0-1 to South Korea in the last game in group D.
National team career:
2001: Pre Asian Cup (selection), SEA Games XI Kuala Lumpur(U-23)
2006: Brunei Merdeka Games, BV International Cup
2007: AFF Championship, Asian Cup
Achievements
2 times winning Piala Indonesia (2005, 2006) with Arema Malang
4th Places at Sea Games XI Kuala Lumpur (2001) with U-23 National Team after loss 0-1 to Myanmar U-23 National Team (3rd Places)
Runner-up Brunei Merdeka Games 2006 after being beaten 1-2 by Myanmar
References
External links
1979 births
Papuan people
Living people
Indonesian footballers
Indonesian football managers
Indonesia international footballers
Indonesia youth international footballers
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Indonesian Premier Division players
2007 AFC Asian Cup players
People from Jayapura
Semen Padang F.C. players
PSPS Pekanbaru players
Arema F.C. players
Persik Kediri players
Pelita Jaya FC players
Persipura Jayapura players
Persebaya Surabaya players
Persegres Gresik players
Gresik United players
Sriwijaya F.C. players
Persepam Madura Utama players
Association football fullbacks
Association football wingers
Sportspeople from Papua
Carlos Alfredo Feraud Silva (born October 23, 1990 in Loja) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Mushuc Runa as a midfielder.
Club career
Liga de Loja
2008-2012
Feraud came out of the youth system of LDU Loja. 2012 was their best season in Loja, where they helped LDU Loja achieve 2 successive Copa Sudamericana participations for the club, their first time ever in 2012. They scored 7 goals in 51 games for LDU Loja in the 2012 season. They played five years in the club, scoring 27 goals.
Liga de Quito
2013 Season
In late 2012, they signed a five-year contract with LDU Quito starting in the 2013 season.
Their official debut for LDU came in a 1-0 2013 Copa Libertadores home win against power-house Brazilian club Gremio in which Feraud scored the winning goal in the 74th minute.
Career statistics
References
External links
Play card on FEF's website
1990 births
Living people
People from Loja, Ecuador
Association football midfielders
Ecuadorian footballers
L.D.U. Loja footballers
L.D.U. Quito footballers
S.D. Quito footballers
C.D. Cuenca footballers
C.S.D. Macará footballers
Al-Hazem F.C. players
Ecuadorian Serie A players
Saudi Professional League players
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Great Preston is a small rural village in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England. It has incorporated the once neighbouring hamlet of Little Preston.
Location
Great Preston is situated 9 miles south east of Leeds city centre and is 2 miles south of the town Garforth. The villages of Kippax and Swillington are also in close proximity, and, due to development of land into housing to the south of the village, Great Preston now borders Allerton Bywater. The village is in the LS26 Leeds postcode area, and forms part of the civil parish of Great and Little Preston, which had a population of 1,463 at the 2011 Census.
Etymology
The name of Great Preston is first attested in the Domesday Book of 1086, in the form Prestun and similar variants. The name comes from the Old English words prēost ('priest') and tūn ('farmstead, estate'). Thus it once meant 'estate belonging to a priest'.
The name Little Preston, coined to differentiate this settlement from its larger neighbour, is first attested between 1258 and 1265, as Preston Luttle. Meanwhile, the form Great Preston is first attested in 1488.
Amenities
Great Preston has one pub, a local cricket and football team and a village hall. There is a C of E primary school based in an old Victorian building with a modern extension. St Aidan's church was closed in 1992, and changed into a community centre in 1998. The Working Men's club has also shut down and has been replaced by a snooker club.
Location grid
See also
Listed buildings in Great and Little Preston
References
External links
Great and Little Preston Parish Council Website
Official Great Preston Cricket Club Website
The Ancient Parish of Kippax at GENUKI: Great Preston was in this parish
Places in Leeds
Adam Jones (born 3 November 1993 in Brecon) is a Welsh rugby referee. They have been a member of Wales' professional rugby union ranks since 2020.
Career
Jones, who began refereeing aged 12, began refereeing on the World Rugby Sevens Series in 2018. They refereed during the 2020 Olympics, before committing to the 15-aside game full time. They made their Pro14 refereeing debut in 2020, refereeing the fixture between the and in August.
References
Living people
1993 births
Welsh rugby union referees
People from Brecon
United Rugby Championship referees
Willy Gummesson (8 April 1944-25 April 2016) was a Swedish footballer. They made 117 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgårdens IF and scored two goals. They died on the 25th of April, 2016 at Danderyd Hospital following a short illness.
Honours
Club
Djurgårdens IF
Allsvenskan: 1966
References
Swedish footballers
Sweden international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
1944 births
2016 deaths
Association football defenders
Netmorf Inc. was a Boston, Massachusetts based company that made a mobile application server "SiteMorfer." The application server provided an XML language to author web content such that it would be rendered into a variety of then available Phones and PDAs. SiteMorfer generated a device-independent XML that was later rendered into device specific-ML.
The company raised Series A funding of $610,000 from private investors and $12 Million in Series B funding from VantagePoint Venture Partners. NetMorf opened about 80 offices worldwide and grew rapidly. The company ran out of money trying to obtain a Series C funding. NetMorf shut its doors on March 16, 2001 and applied for Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
References
Companies based in Boston
István Pintér (born 21 August 1961) is a Hungarian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Hungarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Szolnok
Sportspeople from Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County
Dolce Hotels and Resorts is a brand of independently owned hotels that targets business travelers. The brand touts the easy navigation for meeting planners as well as other business clients. Wyndham acquired Dolce in 2015, and has been promoting the brand internationally. Dolce manages major, historic property like Silverado Resort, California and Hayes Mansion. As of December 31, 2018, it has 20 properties with 4,024 rooms.
References
Wyndham brands
Hotels established in 1891
The Nabataeans of Iraq or Nabatees of Iraq () is a name used by medieval Islamicate scholars for the rural, Aramaic-speaking, native inhabitants of central and southern Iraq (the ) during the early Islamic period (7th–10th centuries CE). They are not to be confused with the ancient Nabataeans, a northern Arab people who established a kingdom at Petra during the late Hellenistic period (), and whom the Muslim Arabs seem to have called 'Nabataeans of the Levant' (, ).
The Nabataeans of Iraq were strongly associated by their Muslim overlords with agriculture and with a sedentary way of living, as opposed to the nomadic lifestyle of the conquering Arabs. The Arabic term (also , plural ) was often used as a derogatory term, identifying anyone who did not speak Arabic and who maintained a rural lifestyle as lacking education and culture, or as being akin to farm animals. Thus conceived of as a kind of 'other' to the noble way of life maintained by the nomadic Arabs, the term also came to be used for the non-Arab rural inhabitants of other places, such as for example for 'Nabataean' Kurds () or 'Nabataean' Armenians ().
The term 'Nabataeans of Iraq' appears to have been an exonym applied by the Arabs, not used by the Iraqi population to refer to itself. However, it was not always derogatory in meaning. As a general term for pre-Islamic Mesopotamian people, it was also used in a more positive way by learned authors such as the historian al-Mas'udi (died 956), who identified the ancient Babylonian kings as 'Nabataeans', stating that "these are the Nabataeans and others [...] It is they who erected the buildings, founded the cities, established the administrative divisions, dug the canals, planted the trees, sank the wells, worked the land." Al-Mas'udi's knowledge of the history of Mesopotamia, being ultimately based on Greek sources, was quite impressive for their time. However, the fact that the Iraqi 'Nabataeans' whom they used as direct informants were speakers of Aramaic, a language best known in their time through its Syriac variant, led them to use the terms 'Nabataean' and 'Syrian' () interchangeably, applying them both to the various Aramaic-speaking Hellenistic kingdoms established in the Near East after the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BCE. Another name which al-Mas'udi sometimes used synonymously with both 'Nabataean' and 'Syrian' is 'Chaldaean' (), a similarly ambiguous term originally referring to the inhabitants of a small kingdom in southeastern Mesopotamia (Chaldea) but which came to designate Mesopotamia as a whole in the writings of Greek authors such as Aristotle (384–322 BCE), as well as in the Bible (both usages of which al-Mas'udi was aware). Since al-Mas'udi also believed the Parthians (whom they called , perhaps after the several Parthian kings who carried this name) to have been 'Chaldeans', in their historical imagination the Syriac/Aramaic-speaking 'Nabataeans' or 'Chaldaeans' had ruled over Mesopotamia from the legendary times of Nimrod until the advent of the Sassanids in the 3rd century CE.
The Iraqi Nabataeans themselves, who were mainly peasants, seem to have had little knowledge about their own past. In this regard their case was similar to the Persians and other people with a long history before the advent of Islam, but it was exacerbated by the fact that most Iraqi Nabataeans had long since converted to Christianity, which tended to focus their interest on Christian salvation history rather than on their own pagan heritage. However, among those who had remained pagan there was a greater motivation to vaunt their glorious past as long-time rulers of the land.
It is also from the pagan peasantry that Ibn Wahshiyya (died c. 930 CE) got most of their local information when compiling their Nabataean Agriculture, an influential work containing a mix of folkloric and learned knowledge on agriculture, plants, magic, astrology, and various subjects related to religion and myth. Ibn Wahshiyya claimed to have translated this work from a c. 20,000 old original written in "ancient Syriac" (), believing it to contain the first seeds of all human knowledge. Syriac, a language that originated in the 1st century CE, was commonly believed in Ibn Wahshiyya's time to have been the language spoken in Paradise and used at the time of creation. Thus, the whole of Mesopotamian history was imagined to have been a product of Aramaic (i.e., 'Syrian' or 'Nabataean') culture. In reality, the Nabataean Agriculture was likely translated from a Syriac work that was first composed on the basis of Greek and Latin agricultural writings and then gradually augmented with local material during the last few centuries before Ibn Wahshiyya's time. Together with al-Mas'udi's historical works, and like the latter written in the context of the Shu'ubiyya movement which sought to preserve and promote the heritage of non-Arab peoples, the Nabataean Agriculture is the product of a conscious attempt to write down what was known at the time about pre-Islamic Mesopotamian, 'Nabataean' culture, a subject for which it remains a valuable source today.
See also
Abu Amr Ishaq ibn Mirar al-Shaybani (died c. 821–831), a lexicographer and encyclopedist whose mother was 'Nabataean' and who had some knowledge of the language
Ibn Sayyar al-Warraq, 10th-century author of a cookbook that contained a chapter with 'Nabataean' recipes
Marsh Arabs, the modern inhabitants of southern Iraq, who sometimes claim descent from the 'Nabataeans'
Sabians, a Quranic epithet claimed by various religious sects, among them a group of Mesopotamian pagans who lived in southern Iraq during the early Islamic period
References
Sources
Semitic-speaking peoples
Ancient peoples of the Near East
History of Iraq
Arameans
Chaldean
Medieval Iraq
T. N. Pearce's XI was a scratch cricket team composed largely of Test and other prominent first-class players.
Between 1951 and 1974, T. N. Pearce's XI played an annual first-class match at the end of the English cricket season against the touring team. The match was part of the annual Scarborough Cricket Festival and, though played in a spirit of some conviviality, it often produced highly competitive games with outstanding performances. It was usually the last first-class match of the season.
The T. N. Pearce side was selected and organised by Tom Pearce, who had captained Essex between 1933 and 1950 and was an England Test selector for many years after their retirement from playing. Before Pearce took on the organisation of the side, a similar match had been organised at the Scarborough Festival by H. D. G. Leveson-Gower, and before Leveson-Gower by Charles Thornton.
Further matches were played in the 1976 and 1978 seasons, but the festival then lapsed for a few years and when it was revived in the 1980s, the scratch side was first organised (and sometimes led) by Brian Close and then by the TV personality Michael Parkinson.
References
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack, 1952 to 1979 editions
External links
CricketArchive link to first-class matches played at Scarborough
Lists of matches played by T.N. Pearce's XI, at CricketArchive
Former senior cricket clubs
English cricket in the 20th century
Sport in Scarborough, North Yorkshire
Cricket in North Yorkshire
Erica McDermott (born April 26, 1973) is an American actor, perhaps known best for their supporting role as Cindy "Tar" Eklund, the sister of the lead character, in the David O. Russell film The Fighter (2010).
Biography
On 26 April 1973, McDermott was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States, North America. While in grade school, they acted in school plays. Having trained as a registered nurse, however, they initially focused on their career in the medical profession and raising their family.
In 2008, McDermott decided to launch their acting career, starting with an appearance in The MOMologues for a school fundraiser. They continued to develop their skills by taking acting classes at the Rock Educational Cooperative and Plymouth Rock Studios, as well as appearing in various Boston stage productions.
In 2009, McDermott began their film career with a supporting role in the film short Mama Raised a Hellraiser (2010). They were soon cast, at the age of 36, as Mark Wahlberg's character's sister in the David O. Russell film The Fighter (2010).
McDermott later appeared in two more Russell films, American Hustle (2013) and Joy (2015).
In 2015, McDermott played Benedict Cumberbatch's wife in the critically acclaimed crime drama film Black Mass (2015).
Filmography
References
External links
1973 births
Actresses from Cambridge, Massachusetts
American film actores
American television actores
Living people
21st-century American actores
Herbert Philip "Bert" Williams (July 24, 1908 – January 10, 1990) was an American sailor and Olympic champion. They competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, where they received a gold medal in the star class with the boat Kathleen, together with Lawrence Low.
References
External links
1908 births
1990 deaths
American male sailors (sport)
Chicago Yacht Club
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in sailing
Sailors at the 1956 Summer Olympics – Star
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
CK Vulpeculae (also Nova Vulpeculae 1670) is an object whose exact nature is unknown. It was once considered to be the oldest reliably-documented nova. It consists of a compact central object surrounded by a bipolar nebula.
Models suggest CK Vulpeculae may not be a classic nova; rather it may be classified as a luminous red nova which is the result of two main sequence stars colliding and merging. A 2018 study found it was most likely the result of an unusual collision of a white dwarf and a brown dwarf. A 2020 article ruled out this proposed mechanism and proposes that CK Vulpeculae is an intermediate luminosity optical transient, i.e. an object in the luminosity gap between supernovae and novae.
Eruptive history
CK Vulpeculae was discovered on June 20th 1670 by Voituret Anthelme and independently on July 25 by Johannes Hevelius. It had a brightness maximum of approximately magnitude 3 at its discovery after which it faded. A second maximum of approximately 2.6 magnitude was observed in March 1671, after which Johannes Hevelius and Giovanni Cassini observed it throughout spring and summer until it faded from naked-eye view in late August 1671. A last weakly visible brightness maximum of approximately 5.5 to 6 magnitude was observed by Hevelius in March 1672 and finally faded from view late May.
This was the first nova for which there are multiple and reliable observations. The next nova to be documented as comprehensively was Nova Ophiuchi 1841.
Identification
John Flamsteed, who was elaborating their catalogue during these years, assigned the star the Flamsteed designation 11 Vulpeculae, which has been noted later by Francis Baily as one of Flamsteed's lost stars, because it had not been detectable for centuries.
In 1981, a point source near the centre of a small nebula was identified as CK Vulpeculae, with an estimated red magnitude of 20.7. Later observations cast doubt on that identification, and it is now known to be a background object. That object and another star are thought to be seen though dense nebulosity associated with CK Vulpeculae which causes them to vary dramatically in brightness.
CK Vulpeculae now consists of a compact central object with gas flowing out at approximately into a bipolar nebula. A 15" path of nebulosity seen in the 1980s lies at the centre of a 70" bipolar nebula. A compact radio source is seen at the centre of this nebula, and an infrared point source, but it has not been detected at optical wavelengths. The ionisation of the nebula and its radio emission indicate that the central source is still very hot and relatively luminous. It is either inside of a cloud of cold (~ 15 K) dust or the cloud is in front of it from the Earth's perspective. Molecular gas in the vicinity is rich in nitrogen relative to oxygen.
Properties
The luminosity of the central object, estimated from infrared dust emission, is about . The luminosity required to energise the observed nebulosity is calculated at from an object at 60,000 K At the time of its eruption, the luminosity of CK Vulpeculae is calculated to have been at least . Known ionic emission lines in the spectrum, and unidentified absorption features in the infrared indicate a temperature between 14,000 K and 100,000 K.
Astronomers using the Atacama Large Millimetre Array (ALMA) and the Northern Extended Millimeter Array (NOEMA) radio telescopes to study CK Vulpeculae have found the first convincing evidence of radioactive debris outside the Earth's Solar System. The molecule in question is made up of a radioactive isotope of aluminium with 13 protons and 13 neutrons bound together with atoms of fluorine.
Nature of the eruption
In the past, a luminous red nova merger, very late thermal pulse, or a diffusion-induced nova have all been suggested but there are problems with all these explanations. An analysis of the structures and isotopic abundances in the remaining nebula using the Atacama Large Millimeter Array (ALMA) in 2018 concluded that the nova and associated nebula were caused by the unusual merger of a white dwarf and brown dwarf between 1670 and 1672. Although it was previously considered to be located about 2,280 ly (700 pc) away, a 2020 paper ruled this out due to a larger distance for CK Vulpeculae making the intrinsic energy release too great for a stellar merger. Instead the 2020 paper concludes that the CK Vulpeculae outburst was an intermediate luminosity optical transient with an unknown cause.
References
External links
http://www.space.com/28907-oldest-nova-astronomy-mystery.html
http://www.sci-news.com/astronomy/science-ground-based-telescopes-nova-ck-vulpeculae-02626.html
https://www.astronews.ru/cgi-bin/mng.cgi?page=news&news=11336
Novae
Nova remnants
Vulpecula
Vulpeculae, CK
Vulpeculae, 11
7539
Genianthus is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1883. It is native to southern China, the Indian Subcontinent, and Southeast Asia.
Species
References
Secamonoideae
Apocynaceae genera
Taxa named by Joseph Dalton Hooker
Nong Hi (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Roi Et province, Thailand.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise): Phon Sai, Suwannaphum, and Phanom Phrai of Roi Et Province, and Sila Lat of Sisaket province.
History
The minor district (king amphoe) was created on 1 April 1995, when the three tambons Nong Hi, Sao Hae, and Duk Ueng were split off from Phanom Phrai district.
The Thai government on 15 May 2007, upgraded all 81 minor districts to full districts. With publication in the Royal Gazette on 24 August, the upgrade became official.
Administration
The district is divided into four sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 54 villages (mubans). There are no municipal (thesaban) areas. There are four tambon administrative organization (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com
Nong Hi
Carl Sophus Thomle (18 June 1865 – 1 February 1952) was a Norwegian attorney.
Personal life
They were born in Bygdøy as a son of Supreme Court Justice August Thomle (1816–1889) and Catharine Kraft (1826–1906). They were a brother of civil servant Jens Edvard Thomle and half-brother of archivist Erik Andreas Thomle. In 1900 they married Cecilie Wrensted (1866–1942), daughter of a pharmacist in Kristiansand.
Career
They finished their secondary education in 1883, finished officers' training at the Norwegian Military Academy in 1887 and graduated with the cand.jur. degree from the Royal Frederick University in 1891. They served as a deputy judge in 1892 before being hired in the Ministry of Justice in 1894. After a promotion to secretary in 1899 they changed to the Ministry of Social Affairs in 1913. From 1927 they were an attorney. They also continued in the military for some time, advancing to captain in 1898.
 They are best known as a legal writer. They published several influential articles in the journal Tidsskrift for Rettsvitenskap, and twice received the King's Gold Medal for exceptional articles: Gjeldsovertagelse inter vivos efter norsk ret in 1909 and En fremstilling av de hovedregler som i vor rett gjelder om personnavn in 1929. Their fields were mainly debt, inheritance and naming law. They published the law collection Almindelig Norsk Lovsamling med Supplementsbind together with Supreme Court Justice Paul Ivar Paulsen and their brother I. E. Thomle. They died in February 1952, and was buried at Vår Frelsers gravlund.
References
1865 births
1952 deaths
Lawyers from Oslo
Norwegian Military Academy alumni
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian Army personnel
Civil servants from Oslo
Norwegian legal scholars
Burials at the Cemetery of Our Saviour
Willem Adriaensz Key (1516 – 5 June 1568) was a Flemish Renaissance painter.
Biography
Key was born in Breda, Netherlands. In 1529 they were known to be a pupil of Pieter Coecke van Aelst in Antwerp. Later, together with Frans Floris, they took lessons from Lambert Lombardus in Liège. They became a member of the Guild of St. Luke in Antwerp in 1540. They were a rich man who lived in a large house in the center of town near the exchange. They were married to Johanna Reyns, who after their death remarried to Maarten Peeters II, son of printer Maarten Peeters. Key's daughter Susanna married painter Huybrecht Beuckeleer. They became specialized in flattering portraits and made a good living from theatrically posed group portraits. In van Mander's biography, they mention several larger pieces by their hand that were burned during the Beeldenstorm. In particular they mention a destroyed group portrait of the market-sellers on an altar of the Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekathedraal in Antwerp. This could suggest that their painting of the last supper in Dordrecht is (based on) a period group portrait of basket weavers and barrel makers, since this painting was commissioned for the altar of St John the Evangelist in the Grote Kerk, Dordrecht, and at that time (c. 1560) St John was the patron saint of the coopers.
Betrayal - theme of their life as well as of their painting?
Karel van Mander goes on to say that while Key was painting Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, Duke of Alba's portrait, they pretended they could not understand foreign speech, and so they overheard the Bloed-raedt plot against the statesmen Lamoral, Count of Egmont and Philip de Montmorency, Count of Hoorn. When these men were executed on the main square in Brussels on 5 June 1568, they were so upset that they died on the same day, in Antwerp. This story was widely accepted as the truth, but van Mander found it hard to believe and thinks they died a few days beforehand. In any case, many of their paintings were destroyed, while they are best known today for their portrait of the Duke of Alva, that was copied many times. The surviving last supper is still in the original frame with a Latin inscription around it with the words of Luke 22:21-23 which are translated as:
But, behold, the hand of them that betrayeth me [is] with me on the table. And truly the Son of man goeth, as it was determined: but woe unto that man by whom they are betrayed! And they began to enquire among themselves, which of them it was that should do this thing. — Luke 22:21-23 KJV
According to the Rijksmuseum, Adriaen Thomasz Key was a distant relation and their pupil.
References
External links
1510s births
1568 deaths
Flemish Renaissance painters
Painters from Antwerp
People from Breda
Dorcadion kuldschanum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1908.
References
kuldschanum
Beetles described in 1908
The Felmer or Șoarș is a right tributary of the river Olt in Romania. It discharges into the Olt in Hălmeag. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Brașov County
Bastos is a habitational surname of from Portugal and Galicia. Notable people with the name include:
Arts and entertainment
Augusto Roa Bastos (1917–2005), Paraguayan novelist and short story writer
Carlos Bastos (1925–2004), Brazilian artist and painter, leader of the Brazilian Modernist Movement
Juan Fernando Bastos (born 1958), American portrait artist of Bolivian descent
Lionel Bastos (born 1956), Mozambique singer, songwriter and music producer
Maria João Bastos (born 1975), Portuguese actor
Othon Bastos (born 1933), Brazilian film actor
Rafinha Bastos (born 1976), Brazilian comedian, journalist and television personality
Vânia Bastos (born 1956), Brazilian singer
Waldemar Bastos (1954–2020), Angolan musician
Sports
Alberto Bastos Lopes (born 1959), Portuguese former footballer
Ángel Bastos (born 1992), Spanish footballer
António Bastos Lopes (born 1953), Portuguese footballer
Édson Bastos (born 1979), Brazilian footballer
Fabrício Bastos (born 1981), Brazilian footballer
Fellipe Bastos (born 1990), Brazilian footballer
Fransérgio Bastos (born 1980), Brazilian footballer
Gustavo Bastos (born 1983), Brazilian footballer known as Gustavo
José de Bastos (born 1929), Portuguese footballer
Leonardo Lourenço Bastos (born 1975), Brazilian footballer, also known as Léo
Marina Bastos (born 1971), Portuguese athlete
Mauro Bastos (born 1979), Portuguese footballer
Michel Bastos (born 1983), Brazilian international footballer
Tuta (footballer) (Moacir Bastos,; born 1974), Brazilian footballer
Rafael Bastos (born 1985), Brazilian footballer
Rafael Alves Bastos (born 1982), Brazilian footballer
Rodrigo Bastos (born 1967), Brazilian sport shooter
Tomas Bastos (born 1992), Brazilian footballer
Vítor Bastos (born 1990), Portuguese footballer
Yannick Bastos (born 1993), Luxembourger footballer
Others
Armando Baptista-Bastos (1933–2017), Portuguese journalist and writer
Aureliano Cândido Tavares Bastos (1839–1875), Brazilian politician, writer and journalist
Fernando Bastos de Ávila (1918–2010), Brazilian Roman Catholic priest
Francisco de Paula Bastos (1793–1881), Portuguese noble, military and political figure
Jean-Claude Bastos de Morais (born 1967), Swiss-Angolan entrepreneur
José Moreira Bastos Neto (1953–2014), Brazilian Roman Catholic bishop
Márcio Thomaz Bastos (1935–2014), Brazilian politician and minister
Regina Bastos (born 1960), Portuguese lawyer and former politician
See also
Bastos (disambiguation)
References
Portuguese-language surnames
Kreuznach is an electoral constituency (German: Wahlkreis) represented in the Bundestag. It elects one member via first-past-the-post voting. Under the current constituency numbering system, it is designated as constituency 201. It is located in central Rhineland-Palatinate, comprising the districts of Bad Kreuznach and Birkenfeld.
Kreuznach was created for the inaugural 1949 federal election. Since 2013, it has been represented by Joe Weingarten of the Social Democratic Party (SPD).
Geography
Kreuznach is located in central Rhineland-Palatinate. As of the 2021 federal election, it comprises the districts of Bad Kreuznach and Birkenfeld.
History
Kreuznach was created in 1949. In the 1949 election, it was Rhineland-Palatinate constituency 5 in the numbering system. In the 1953 through 1976 elections, it was number 152. In the 1980 through 1998 elections, it was number 150. In the 2002 election, it was number 204. In the 2005 election, it was number 203. In the 2009 and 2013 elections, it was number 202. Since the 2017 election, it has been number 201. Its borders have not changed since its creation.
Members
The constituency was first represented by Hugo Mayer of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) from 1949 to 1957. Wilhelm Dröscher of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) was elected in 1957 and served until 1972. They were succeeded by fellow SPD member Conrad Ahlers until 1980. Günther Leonhart, also of the SPD, then served from 1980 to 1990. Fritz Rudolf Körper retained the constituency for the SPD in the 1990 election, and was representative until 2005. Julia Klöckner won it for the CDU in 2005 and was re-elected in 2009. Antje Lezius of the CDU was elected in 2013 and re-elected in 2017. Joe Weingarten won the constituency for the SPD in 2021.
Election results
2021 election
2017 election
2013 election
2009 election
Notes
References
Federal electoral districts in Rhineland-Palatinate
1949 establishments in West Germany
Constituencies established in 1949
Bad Kreuznach (district)
Birkenfeld (district)
KiWi Radio was an American teen hits radio show targeted to a 12-17 age demographic. It focused on playing contemporary hit radio (CHR) music, also known as Top 40 and songs from teen artists, such as Miley Cyrus, Demi Lovato, The Jonas Brothers, Vanessa Hudgens, etc.
The 2 hour syndicated radio show was hosted by a new celebrity each week, and previously aired on four stations, KVUU "My 99.9" in Colorado Springs, KSME "96.1 Kiss FM" in Ft. Collins, KRQQ "93.7 KRQ" in Tucson and WDKS "106.1 Kiss Fm in Evansville. KiWi Radio was programmed by Chris Pickett, also program director of KVUU in Colorado Springs.
KiWi Radio ended its two-year run in July 2010.
Hosts
A few former KiWi Radio Hosts:
Miley Cyrus
Corbin Bleu
The Pussycat Dolls
Jesse McCartney
Daughtry
Metro Station
Fall Out Boy
Jason Mraz
Miranda Cosgrove
The Ting Tings
Tiffany Thornton
Kristinia DeBarge
Clique Girlz
All-American Rejects
Emily Osment
Jordan Pruitt
Natasha Bedingfield
Nick Lachey
The White Tie Affair
Bow Wow
Demi Lovato
Jonas Brothers
David Archuleta
Jason Derulo
Justin Bieber
Mitchel Musso
References
KiWi Radio MySpace Page
KiWi Radio Twitter
American music radio programs
The Bahrain Youth Society for Human Rights (BYSHR) is a human rights organization of Bahrain founded in March 2005 which was active in the Bahraini uprising. The group "organises training workshops, monitors and documents human rights violations and participates in forming a regional network for young human rights activists in eight Arab countries". Mohammed al-Maskati serves as its president. The organization was found by Mohammed al-Maskati and Hussain Jawad (who also served as its vice-president) among others.
Early history
The group's activities have included protesting for the freedom of Egyptian blogger Kareem Amer as well as reporting on domestic human trafficking in Bahrain.
In June 2005, the BYSHR attempted to register as a non-governmental organization with the Bahraini government, but was refused. When the group nonetheless continued its work, al-Maskati was summoned to court in 2007 on charges of leading an "unregistered organization", which carried a maximum sentence of six months imprisonment. The International Freedom of Expression Exchange issued an appeal for a letter writing campaign on their behalf, describing the arrest as "just the latest example of the government using judicial measures to silence human rights activists". Al-Maskati's trial was later postponed until 2009, In June 2010, al-Maskati was found guilty and ordered to pay a fine of 500 Bahraini dinars. The Bahrain Centre for Human Rights protested the sentence, describing it as "a continuation of the Authority's policy in Bahrain to restrict civil society institutions".
Role in the Bahraini uprising
In February 2011, Bahrain saw a series of large-scale pro-democracy protests as part of the international Arab Spring. The BYSHR were active at Pearl Roundabout in the capital of Manama, which quickly became a center for the protests. Among the protestors' demands were a new constitution and the replacement of Prime Minister Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa—an uncle of Bahrain's king who had held the post since 1971—with an elected official.
On 1 June, following the end of eleven weeks of martial law, the group participated in a series of coordinated protests across Bahrain, particularly in Shiite-majority villages unhappy with Bahrain's Sunni royal family.
References
External links
Human rights organisations based in Bahrain
Organizations established in 2005
The Enid Outlaws are an American professional basketball team based in Enid, Oklahoma, and a member of The Basketball League (TBL). For the 2021 season, their home games are played at Stride Bank Center in Enid.
History
On August 18, 2020, Evelyn Magley, CEO of The Basketball League (TBL), announced a new franchise called the Enid Outlaws owned by Jonathan Reed would be located in Enid, Oklahoma.The franchise will be part of a Southwest Division with the Dallas Skyline, Lewisville Leopards, and Little Rock Lightning. The team's owner has operated the Oklahoma Outlaws team that has been around for several years and a member of the semi-professional Universal Basketball Association. At a press conference at the Stride Bank Center, it was announced that Brian Jamison would serve as the team's general manager and Jonathan Reed as president.
The team named Eddie Corporal as the head coach.
The Enid Outlaws defeated the Syracuse Stallions to win the 2021 TBL National Championship. They defeated the Stallions 2-0 in the best of 3 series. Chance Comanche was named Finals MVP.
Enid previously hosted the Oklahoma Storm from 1999 to 2007 in the United States Basketball League.
Current roster
References
External links
Enid Outlaws website
The Basketball League teams
Basketball teams in Oklahoma
Enid, Oklahoma
Basketball teams established in 2007
2007 establishments in Oklahoma
Sher-e-Lahore is a 2001 Punjabi movie of Pakistan, directed by Sangeeta, starring Saima and Shaan.
Plot
'Bonny' is harassed by some 'Badmash' (goon) on their way back home while a wise old man reminisces about the British Raj days remarking that nobody dared to look disrespectfully at anybody else's daughter or sister and that Independence of Pakistan in 1947, has brought us very little that is positive and tangible. Meanwhile, the college girl has had enough of the daily harassment at the hands of the men in the street and announces to their bemused parents about their intention of quitting their education altogether.
Both parents are angry and wish that they continue their studies and the father, a righteous honest soul decides that from the next day onwards, they will accompany their daughter on their way to and back from their college. The next day, on the way to college, the father and daughter are inevitably menaced by the goons and a battle to death ensues with both father and daughter being slaughtered by the evil goons in the broad daylight with no apparent fear of police intervention. Moments later, the matriarch played by Madame Sangeeta in their highly anticipated return to the screen arrives on the scene and wails away in typical style promising the worst vengeance upon the murderers of their daughter and their husband. Crying for vengeance in the manner that Maula Jat's mother Dani once did, they let out a mighty call for their son, Ali Sher, who like the great Maula Jat has extraordinary sensory capabilities. Seconds later, they arrive at the scene and dishes out some true Maula Jat style justice, slaying the beasts in an instant before letting out a cry of victory!
A proud mother gloats at their son's brilliant and swift bloody justice as they are led off to the notorious Macch Jail bellowing loudly that their son is to be known hence not as Ali Sher but as 'The Sher-e-Lahore' to which their son growls their approval while swaggering off. The news of the goons' deaths reaches notorious underworld kingpin Bandial (Tariq Shah) who promises to unleash their own terrible vengeance for the murder of their sons and so a deadly and obligatory blood feud between the Sher-e-Lahore and Bandial starts.
Film's super-hit songs
For all film songs, music composer was Wajahat Attre and film song lyrics were written by Saeed Gillani.
"Jogi, Jogi, Jogi Tere Ishq Ne Keeta Rogi", Sung by Saira Nasim
"Jag Jeondeyan De Mele", Sung by Naseebo Lal
References
External links
Filmography of Sangeeta on IMDb website
2001 films
Pakistani action films
Films directed by Sangeeta (Pakistani actor)
Punjabi-language Pakistani films
2000s Punjabi-language films
2001 action films
Tatyana Troina (Таццяна Уладзіміраўна Троіна, born 30 June 1981) is a Belarusian basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
References
1981 births
Living people
Belarusian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Belarus
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Forwards (basketball)
Basketball players from Minsk
Belarusian expatriate basketball people in Poland
Marwan, Merwan or Mervan ( marwān), is an Arabic male given name derived from the word marū/ maruw (مرو) with the meaning of either minerals, "flint(-stone)", "quartz" or "a hard stone of nearly pure silica". However, the Arabic name for quartz is ṣawwān (صَوَّان).
The name is also the name of a type of genus of the herbal plant basil.
Variants include Merouane / Marouane / Marouan. Feminine forms of the name include Marwa / Marwah and Marwana/ Marwanah (مروانة marwānah).
Notable persons with these names include:
Given name
Marwan
Marwan I, Umayyad caliph (r. 684–685)
Marwan II, Umayyad caliph (r. 744–750)
Marwan ibn Abi Hafsa (d. 797), Abbasid-era poet
Marwan (rapper), Danish-Palestinian rapper Mohamed Marwan
Marwan Ali, Tunisian pop singer
Marwan Barghouti, leader of the Palestinian group Fatah
Marwan Charbel, Lebanese general and politician
Marwan Dudin (1936–2016), Jordanian politician
Marwan Hamadeh, Lebanese politician
Marwan Hamed, Egyptian film director
Marwan Kassab-Bachi (1934–2016), German painter of Syrian origin
Marwan Kenzari, Dutch Tunisian actor
Marwan Khoury, Lebanese artist
Marwan al-Muasher, Jordanian politician
Marwan al-Shehhi, 9/11 terrorist from the UAE
Mervan
Mervan Çelik, Swedish footballer of Kurdish descent
Merwan
Meher Baba, (1894–1969), Indian spiritual leader born Merwan Sheriar Irani
Merwan Rim, French actor and singer-songwriter
Merwan ha-Levi, 11th-century philanthropist of Narbonne
Surname
Ashraf Marwan, Egyptian business person
Ibn / Bint / Abu
Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan (r. 685–705) was the Umayyad caliph of the Arab Caliphate.
Abd al-Aziz ibn Marwan Caliphal governor of Egypt for 685 to 705.
Mu'awiya ibn Marwan, son of Umayyad caliph Marwan I.
Bishr ibn Marwan, Umayyad provincial governor.
Aban ibn Marwan, Governor of Palestine under Umayyad caliph Abd al-Malik.
Uthman ibn Marwan, son of Marwan I.
Ubayd Allah ibn Marwan Army commander
Ayyub ibn Marwan, son of Umayyad caliph Marwan I.
Dawud ibn Marwan, son of Umayyad caliph Marwan I.
Umar ibn Marwan, son of Umayyad caliph Marwan I.
Muhammad ibn Marwan, son of caliph Marwan I, Governor of Caliphal province of Armenia and Father of Marwan II.
Ubaydallah ibn Marwan ibn Muhammad, was an Umayyad prince, son of caliph Marwan II.
Abdallah ibn Marwan ibn Muhammad was an Umayyad prince.
Asma bint Marwan, a medieval Arabian female poet (7th century)
Ibn Marwan, chieftain in the Al-Andalus (9th century)
Ubayd Allah Abu Marwan, general in the Al-Andalus (8th/9th century)
Fictional characters
Habib Marwan, in the TV drama 24
See also
Marwanids (990–1085), Kurdish dynasty
Arabic-language surnames
Arabic masculine given names
Moroccan masculine given names
Turkish masculine given names
Stephan Svante Walter Kullberg (born 10 January 1959) is a former Swedish footballer (defender). They played for Åtvidabergs FF, IFK Göteborg, Djurgårdens IF, IF Brommapojkarna and Gimonäs CK.
References
Swedish footballers
Åtvidabergs FF players
IFK Göteborg players
Djurgårdens IF Fotboll players
1959 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Cameraria betulivora is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario and Quebec in Canada and the United States (including Maine and North Carolina).
The wingspan is about 7 mm.
The larvae feed on Betula species, including Betula alleghaniensis, Betula lenta, Betula lutea, Betula papyrifera and Betula populifolia. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a small, sometimes almost circular, blotch upon the upper side of the leaf.
References
betulivora
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1891
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Thomas de Grey, 6th Baron Walsingham
Allele age (or mutation age) is the amount of time elapsed since an allele first appeared due to mutation. Estimating the time at which a certain allele appeared allows researchers to infer patterns of human migration, disease, and natural selection. Allele age can be estimated based on (1) the frequency of the allele in a population and (2) the genetic variation that occurs within different copies of the allele, also known as intra-allelic variation. While either of these methods can be used to estimate allele age, the use of both increases the accuracy of the estimation and can sometimes offer additional information regarding the presence of selection.
Estimating allele age based on the allele's frequency is based on the fact that alleles in high frequency are older than alleles in low frequency (assuming the absence of selection). Of course, many alleles of interest are under some type of selection. Because alleles that are under positive selection can rise to high frequency very quickly, it is important to understand the mechanisms that underlie allele frequency change, such as natural selection, gene flow, genetic drift, and mutation.
Estimating allele age based on intra-allelic variation is based on the fact that with every generation, linkage with other alleles (linkage disequilibrium) is disrupted by recombination and new variation in linkage is created via new mutations. The analysis of intra-allelic variation to assess allele age depends on coalescent theory. There are two different approaches that can be used to analyze allele age based on intra-allelic variation. First, a phylogenetics approach extrapolates an allele's age by reconstructing a gene tree and dating the root of the tree. This approach is best when analyzing ancient, as opposed to recent, mutations. Second, a population genetics approach estimates allele age by using mutation, recombination, and demography models instead of a gene tree. This type of approach is best for analyzing recent mutations.
Recently, Albers and McVean (2018) proposed a non-parametric method to estimate the age of an allele, using probabilistic, coalescent-based models of mutation and recombination. Specifically, their method infers the time to the most recent common ancestor (TMRCA) between hundreds or thousands of chromosomal sequence (haplotype) pairs. This information is then combined using a composite likelihood approach to obtain an estimate of the time of mutation at a single locus. This methodology was applied to more than 16 million variants in the human genome, using data from the 1000 Genomes Project and the Simons Genome Diversity Project, to generate the atlas of variant age.
History
Population geneticists, Motoo Kimura and Tomoko Ohta, were the first to analyze the association between an allele's frequency and its age in the 1970s. They showed that the age of a neutral allele can be estimated (assuming a large, randomly mating population) by
Where represents the allele frequency and is the expected age, measured in units of 2N generations.
More recent studies, however, have focused on the analysis of intra-allelic variation. In 1990, Jean-Louis Serre and their team were the first to assess allele age by analyzing intra-allelic variation. Using a sample of 240 French families, they surveyed two restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLP) sites (E1 and E2) that are closely linked to an allele (ΔF508) at the cystic fibrosis locus (CFTR). Recombination theory allows for the calculation of x(t), the expected frequency of E2 in association with the allele ΔF508 in generation t, and y, the frequency of E2 on chromosomes without the ΔF508 allele. The recombination rate, c, is assumed to be known, and so the allele age can be calculated as an estimate of t.
Although Serre et al. (1990) were the first to employ this method, it became increasingly popular after the Risch et al. study in 1995, which analyzed alleles in an Ashkenazi Jewish population.
Examples of allele age estimations
Many intra-allelic variation studies suggest that disease-causing alleles arose rather recently in human history.
Cystic fibrosis
The Serre et al. (1990) study estimated that an allele causing cystic fibrosis arose approximately 181.4 generations ago. Therefore, they estimated that the allele age to be between 3,000 and 6,000 years ago. However, other studies have obtained drastically different estimates. Morral et al. (1994) suggested a minimum age of 52,000 years ago. A reanalysis of the Morral et al. (1994) data by Slatkin and Rannala (2000) estimated an allele age of approximately 3,000 years, which is consistent with the Serre et al. (1990) results.
AIDS-resistance allele (CCR5)
A 32 base pair deletion at the CCR5 locus results in resistance to the HIV infection, which causes AIDS. Individuals who are homozygous for the mutation experience complete resistance to the infection, while heterozygotes only experience partial resistance to the infection, resulting in a delayed onset of AIDS. A study by Stephens et al. in 1998 suggested that this allele originated approximately 27.5 generations, or 688 years ago. These results were obtained using intra-allelic variation analysis. This same study also used the allele frequency and the Kimura-Ohta model to estimate allele age. This method provided very different results, suggesting that the allele appeared more than 100,000 years ago. Stephens et al. (1996) argue that the discrepancy between these age estimates strongly suggest recent positive selection for the CCR5 mutation. Because the CCR5 mutation also offers resistance to smallpox, these results are consistent with the idea that the CCR5 mutation first rose to higher frequency due to positive selection during smallpox outbreaks in European history before being positively selected for due to its role in HIV resistance.
Lactase persistence
Many adults are lactose intolerant because their bodies cease production of the enzyme lactase post childhood. However, mutations in the promoter region of the lactase gene (LCT) result in the continued production of lactase throughout adulthood in certain African populations, a condition known as lactase persistence. A study conducted by Sarah Tishkoff and their team shows that the mutation for lactase persistence has been under positive selection since its recent appearance approximately 3,000 to 7,000 years ago. These dates are consistent with the rise of cattle domestication and pastoralist lifestyles in these regions, making the lactase persistence mutation a strong example of gene-culture co-evolution.
References
Further reading
Mutation
Dr. Kelly J. Dixon is an Associate Professor of Archaeology at the University of Montana and a member of the College of Arts And Sciences at UM. Them main area of work is the American West, and they are perhaps best known for their work with the Donner Party site, as well as research into saloons in Virginia City, Nevada.
Education
Kelly Dixon attended the University of Minnesota at Duluth, majoring in anthropology. They went on to receive their Master of Science in Industrial Archaeology at Michigan Technological University in 1995 and their Doctorate in Anthropology at the University of Nevada in Reno. While at the University of Nevada they worked on their dissertation based on the archaeology of an African American saloon with Donald Hardesty.
Research
Dixon's particular field of interest is the historical archaeology of the American West and in other settings where cultures from various parts of the world came into contact. Between 1997 and 2002 they conducted projects in Virginia City, Nevada and the Comstock Mining District while working for the Nevada State Historic Preservation Office at the Comstock Archaeology Center.
Dixon has also done extensive work on the Donner Party site, continuing the work done by Hardesty in the late 1980s and early 1990s. In 2003, in conjunction with researchers from the University of Oregon, a production company affiliated with the Discovery Channel sponsored work there. This resulted in the show Unsolved History: The Donner Party. Them team found numerous artifacts including ceramics, pieces of a lantern, writing slate, mirror fragments, glass from a medicine bottle, and musket balls. They returned in the summer of 2004 for five weeks to carry an excavation with their colleagues that was funded by various universities, a local foundation, and eventually, for part of the lab analysis, a production company affiliated with the History Channel. Dixon and colleagues were not just concerned with the topic of cannibalism and whether it may have occurred at the Donner Party's Alder Creek camp, but what the individuals living in that camp endured and what, in general, humans do, or how they adapt, when faced desperate circumstances. The combined historical and archaeological evidence indicated that cannibalism did take place but not until the last few weeks. The History Channel aired the thirty-minute segment on the Donner Party in the spring of 2006 as part of a documentary on cannibalism.
Dixon is currently developing student-oriented multidisciplinary archaeological research at the mining ghost town of Coloma, Montana. and at isolated Chinese mining communities in Western Montana They currently serve as the editor for the Society for Historical Archaeology website.
Publications
Boomtown Saloons: Archaeology and History in Virginia City, University of Nevada Press, 2005. ()
Notes
External links
Society for Historical Archeology
Donner Party Archaeology Project
Unsolved History Season 2 - Episode 6: Donner Party
Living people
Historians of the American West
University of Minnesota Duluth alumni
Women historians
American women archaeologists
Michigan Technological University alumni
University of Nevada, Reno alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
George Washington Toland (February 8, 1796 – January 30, 1869) was an American politician from Pennsylvania who served as a Whig member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania's 2nd congressional district from 1837 to 1843 and as a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania Senate for the 1st district from 1833 to 1835.
Early life and education
Toland was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to Henry Toland of Germantown. They attended the common schools, and graduated from Princeton College in 1816. They studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1819.
Career
They held several local offices. They were elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1832 and 1844. They were elected to the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 1st district and served from 1833 to 1855.
Toland was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-seventh Congresses.
They died in Philadelphia in 1869 and is interred at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Notes
Sources
The Political Graveyard
|-
1796 births
1869 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Burials at Laurel Hill Cemetery (Philadelphia)
Politicians from Philadelphia
Princeton University alumni
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
There are many Grade I listed buildings in Babergh, a non-metropolitan district of in the county of Suffolk in England.
In the United Kingdom, the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of "exceptional architectural or historic special interest"; Grade I structures are those considered to be "buildings of "exceptional interest, sometimes considered to be internationally important. Just 2.5% of listed buildings are Grade I." The total number of listed buildings in England is 372,905. Listing was begun by a provision in the Town and Country Planning Act 1947. Listing a building imposes severe restrictions on what the owner might wish to change or modify in the structure or its fittings. In England, the authority for listing under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990 rests with English Heritage, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
Babergh is a local government district with its administrative headquarters at Hadleigh, while the main town in the district is Sudbury. The number of inhabitants of the area is 86,700 with a density of 146 inhabitants per km2. The whole district is parished and divided among 76 civil parishes, of which only 21 in 2006 had a population over 1,000 inhabitants and 18 were provided with key facilities.
The district is well known due to its natural environment as "Constable Country" after the landscapes painted by John Constable in the Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty of Dedham Vale; it is famed also for the medieval wool villages of Lavenham and Kersey. Summing up Babergh has in its territory 4,000 listed buildings, 34 scheduled monuments, 5 registered Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest, 28 conservation areas, 53 Sites of Special Scientific Interest and 231 County Wildlife Sites.
List
|}
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in Babergh
List of Grade I listed buildings in Suffolk
Notes
References
External links
Babergh
Babergh
The Arctic Challenge is a snowboarding contest arranged for and by the riders themselves. It was started by Norwegian professional snowboarders Daniel Franck and Terje Håkonsen. The contest was established as an alternative to the former competitions that had become streamlined and run by schedules and directions from TV-coverage, major sponsors and other external forces. It formerly held the status as the final for the "World Snowboard Tour", and is held in Norway annually - usually at a location north of the Arctic Circle.
Since 2005 the "TAC", as it is often referred to, moved to Oslo and has been integrated into the TTR World Snowboard Tour at the 5Star level. Oslo is south of the Arctic Circle, and is thus not in the arctic.
Due to its great success last season it has moved to the TTR 6Star level, the highest status an event can hold on the World Tour, giving out 1000 TTR ranking points to the winner and $100,000 in total prize money. It is now the only 6Star rated event owned by a professional rider.
At the Arctic Challenge 2007, the organizer and snowboard legend, Terje Håkonsen broke the highest air record in the quarterpipe with 9.8 m above the lip (top part of the obstacle), established by Heikki Sorsa at 9.3 m in 2001.
References
External links
The Arctic Challenge official website
Snowboarding competitions
International sports competitions hosted by Norway
Høegh or Höegh may refer to:
People
Aka Høegh (born 1947), Greenlandic artist
Arnannguaq Høegh (1956–2020), Greenlandic artist
Annelise Høegh (born 1948), Norwegian politician
Daniel Mathias Høegh (born 1991), Danish footballer
Dennis Høegh (born 1989), Danish footballer
Hans Høegh (1926–2010), Norwegian business person
Leif Høegh (1896–1974), Norwegian shipowner
Ole Peter Riis Høegh (1806–1852), Norwegian architect
Simon Karenius Høegh (1810–1893), Norwegian bank treasurer
Companies
Leif Höegh & Co, an international shipping company
See also
Høgh, a surname (including a list of people with the name)
Tindal Bluff () is a rocky headland rising to 800 m between the terminus of Fricker Glacier and Monnier Point on the east coast of Graham Land. This coastal area was photographed by several American expeditions: United States Antarctic Service (USAS), 1939–41; Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), 1947–48; U.S. Navy photos, 1968. Mapped by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), 1947–48. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Ronald Tindal, General Assistant with the British Antarctic Survey (BAS) Larsen Ice Shelf party in 1963–64.
References
Headlands of Graham Land
Foyn Coast
Louise Féron is a French rock singer. Them career started in 1988 with their first self-titled album Louise Féron. The album was produced by John Cale (ex-Velvet Underground) with music composed by Dominique Laboubée (leader of band Dogs), and participation of Les Wampas guitarist, Philippe Almosnino.
Discography
Louise Féron (1991, Virgin)
Singulière et Plurielle (1997, L.P.G.)
Le Passé Revenant (2010, Tarantula Music)
External links
Official site
Living people
French women singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Fort St. John Group is a stratigraphic unit of Lower Cretaceous age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin. It takes the name from the city of Fort St. John, British Columbia and was first defined by George Mercer Dawson in 1881.
Lithology
The Fort St. John Group is mostly composed of dark shale deposited in a marine environment. Bentonite is present in the shale, and it is interbedded with sandstone, siltstone and conglomerates.
Distribution
The Fort St. John Group occurs in the subsurface in the Peace River Country of northeastern British Columbia and north-western Alberta, in southern Yukon and southern Northwest Territories. It has a thickness of to .
Relationship to other units
The Fort St. John Group is conformably overlain by the Dunvegan Formation and conformably underlain by the Bullhead Group or may rest disconformably on older units.
Subdivisions
The Fort St. John Group is subdivided into the following formations:
Canadian Rockies foothills of British Columbia
Peace River Country
Liard River and Fort Liard Area
*Buckinghorse Formation is equivalent to the sum of Lepine Formation, Scatter Formation and Garbutt Formation. It occurs north-east of the Canadian Rockies foothills in British Columbia, between the Halfway River and Muskwa River. It is composed of silty marine mudstone with fine grained marine sandstone interbeds.
References
Lower Cretaceous Series of North America
Cretaceous Alberta
Cretaceous British Columbia
Cretaceous Northwest Territories
Cretaceous Yukon
Stratigraphy of Alberta
Stratigraphy of British Columbia
Stratigraphy of the Northwest Territories
Stratigraphy of Yukon
The Snowy Valleys Council is a local government area located in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia. This area was formed in 2016 from the merger of the Tumut Shire with the neighbouring Tumbarumba Shire.
The council area comprises and covers the western side of the southernmost portion of the Great Dividing Range and foothills in New South Wales. Large sections of the local government area are contained within national parks. At the time of its establishment, the population in the council area was estimated to be .
Mayor of Snowy Valleys Council is Councillor Ian Chaffey, who a Tumbarumba local won the most recent election
Main towns and villages
In addition to the towns of Adelong, Batlow, Tumbarumba and Tumut, localities in the area include Brindabella, Brungle, Cabramurra, Gilmore, Grahamstown, Greg Greg, Gocup, Jingellic, Khancoban, Killimicat, Little River, Maragle, Rosewood, Talbingo, Tooma, Wondalga and Yarrangobilly.
Heritage listings
The Snowy Valleys Council has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Mount Kosciuszko to Eden: Bundian Way
Tumut, Adelong Falls Gold Workings
Tumut, Cootamundra-Tumut railway: Tumut railway station
Tumut, 46 Russell Street: Montreal Community Theatre
Tumut, Tumut Plains Road: Junction Bridge, Tumut
Demographics
Council
Snowy Valleys Council consists of nine Councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All Councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office with effect from 9 September 2017.
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
2016 establishments in Australia
Avail is an American punk rock band from Richmond, Virginia, United States. Originally from Reston, Virginia, the band formed in 1987, its members including Joe Banks, Doug Crosby, Brien Stewart, and Mikey Warstler. The only original remaining member, guitar player Joe Banks, teamed up with rival band LDK's (Learning Disabled Kids) Tim Barry. They moved to Richmond in 1990, and soon, after numerous line up changes, put together a solid lineup to release their first album Satiate in 1992. Many of their lyrics center on Richmond. The band released six studio albums.
The band has never officially disbanded, but has not released any new material since 2002 and stopped playing live shows in 2007.
On March 26, 2019, the band announced a reunion show at The National in Richmond, Virginia, scheduled for July 19. Since then, they have played multiple shows and continue to tour. There are currently no plans to release any new material.
Members
Current
Tim Barry - vocals
Joe Banks - guitar
Justin "Gwomper" Burdick - bass
Erik Larson - drums
Beau Beau Butler - cheerleader
Former members
Brien Stewart - vocals
Chuck McCauley - bass
Robert Kelshian - bass
DJ Grimes - bass
Doug Crosby - drums
Mikey Warstler - bass
Ed Trask- drums
Label change
Avail self-released their first LP, Satiate on Catheter-Assembly Records. It was later re-released by Lookout! Records. They released several studio releases on Lookout! and then went on to Fat Wreck Chords for One Wrench and Front Porch Stories. Most recently, they have signed on with Jade Tree Records who has recently re-released the Avail albums Dixie, 4am Friday, and Over the James.
Legacy in Richmond
Tim Barry is currently writing and performing solo music. Joe Banks, Chuck McCauley and Erik Larson have teamed up in the band Freeman.
Discography
Albums
Satiate - 1992 - Lookout! Records
Dixie - 1994 - Lookout! Records
4am Friday - 1996 - Lookout! Records
Over the James - 1998 - Lookout! Records
One Wrench - 2000 - Fat Wreck Chords
Front Porch Stories - 2002 - Fat Wreck Chords
Live albums
Live at the Kings Head Inn - 1993 - Old Glory Records
Live at the Bottom of the Hill in San Francisco - 1998 - Lookout! Records
V.M. Live Presents...Avail - 1999 - Liberation Records
Demo albums
Each Other - 1988
Reaching Out - 1989
EPs
Who's to Say What Stays the Same - 1991 - Sunspot Records
Attempt to Regress - 1993 - Catheter Assembly
The Fall of Richmond - 1997 - Lookout! Records - split EP with (Young) Pioneers
100 Times - 1999 - Fat Wreck Chords
Music videos
"Simple Song" (1996)
"West Wye" (2002)
References
External links
Full Live Set from The Fest 6
Scanner Zine interview with Beau
Welcome to Flavor Country interview with Tim
Tim Barry's interview on DPR
Chuck McCauley's page
Musical groups established in 1987
Fat Wreck Chords artists
Jade Tree (record label) artists
Music of Richmond, Virginia
Punk rock groups from Virginia
Musical groups from Virginia
Urs may refer to:
Urs, the death anniversary of a Sufi saint in South Asia
Urs, Ariège, a commune in southern France
Urs (Forever Knight), a fictional character from the television series Forever Knight
Urs (given name)
Urs (surname), an Indian surname
D. Devaraj Urs, a politician from the state of Karnataka, India
URS may refer to:
The ISO 3166-1 3-letter country code for the former Soviet Union
The IOC country code for the former Soviet Union
United Regions of Serbia (Ujedinjeni regioni Srbije), a political coalition and later a political party in Serbia
The University of Rizal System, Philippines
Robert Schuman University (in French, Université Robert Schuman or URS)
Roma Union of Serbia (Unija roma Srbije), a political party in Serbia
URS Corporation, a U.S.-based engineering services firm
User requirements specification, in systems engineering
Universal Rating System for chess players
See also
Ursu (surname), a Romanian surname
is a railway station in Takehara, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Dumb Loud Hollow Twang Deluxe is The Bambi Molesters fourth studio album. It's the 2003 remake of their Dumb Loud Hollow Twang debut album (1997) in hi-fi sound quality with guest vocal appearance of Chris Eckman.
Track listing
Personnel
Dalibor Pavičić - Guitar
Dinko Tomljanović - Guitar
Lada Furlan-Zaborac - Bass
Hrvoje Zaborac - Drums
References
2003 albums
The Bambi Molesters albums
Elections were held in Illinois on November 5, 1996.
Primaries were held March 19, 1996.
Election information
Turnout
For the primaries, turnout was 29.46%, with 1,804,626 ballots cast (with 902,635 Democratic ballots, 868,030 Republican ballots, 1,993 Libertarian, 498 Harold Washington, and 31,470 nonpartisan ballots cast).
For the general election, turnout was 66.30%, with 4,418,270 ballots cast.
Straight-ticket voting
Illinois had a straight-ticket voting option in 1996. This would be the last Illinois election with straight-ticket voting, as it would be abolished in Illinois in 1997.
Federal elections
United States President
Illinois voted for the Democratic Party ticket of Bill Clinton and Al Gore.
United States Senate
Democrat Dick Durbin was elected to succeed outgoing Democratic Senator Paul Simon.
United States House
All 20 of Illinois' seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election in 1996.
Both the Democratic and Republican parties flipped one seat held by the other party, leaving the party the composition of Illinois' House delegation 10 Democrats and 10 Republicans.
State elections
State Senate
Some of the seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 1996. Republicans retained control of the Illinois Senate, which they had held since 1993, having secured a majority from the 1992 election.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 1996. Democrats flipped control of the Illinois House of Representatives, which had been held by Republicans since 1995 after they had won a majority in the 1994 election.
Judicial elections
Judicial elections were held.
Local elections
Local elections were held. These included county elections, such as the Cook County elections.
References
Illinois
Richard Krajicek was the defending champion, but they withdrew prior to their quarterfinal match this year.
Patrick Rafter won the tournament, beating Martin Damm in the final, 7–6(7–2), 6–2.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Rosmalen Grass Court Championships
1998 ATP Tour
Ottawa/Manotick (Hope Field) Aerodrome is a small airport located southwest of Manotick, Ontario, Canada, south of Ottawa.
See also
List of airports in the Ottawa area
References
Registered aerodromes in Ontario
Russell, Ontario
Apex Studios was a recording studio in Manhattan, New York City. It had a high reputation for recording jazz. It was located in the Beaux Arts Steinway building. The owner was Bob Scheuing. When Al Schmitt started in 1950, the two engineers were Fred Herbert Otto and Tom Dowd.
Apex did almost all of the work for National, Atlantic, and Prestige record labels.
Miles Davis's album Miles Davis and Horns was partly recorded here in 1951. Duke Ellington did a session with their son, Mercer. It was one of the first major sessions engineered by Al Schmitt.
The studio also recorded radio shows for Voice of America in many languages.
Artists that recorded at the studio included Charlie Parker, The Clovers, Clyde McPhatter, the Modern Jazz Quartet, Peppermint Harris, Lightnin' Hopkins.
The studio went bankrupt and closed in the early 1950s.
Notable Recordings
The Clovers, "Don't You Know I Love You"
References
Recording studios in Manhattan
Christy is an Irish name meaning of Christ, in reference to Jesus.
Due to emigration to the United States, Christy has also been used as an Americanization of Scandinavian last names such as the Danish Christiansen). As a result, a small number of Danes with the last name Christy are descendants of a family which emigrated to the US in the early 20th century. However, most of the children returned to Denmark in the 1920s.
For this reason, a large majority of Danish citizens with the last name Christy are related by blood.
People with the surname Christy
Al Christy (1918–1995), US actor
Alfred Christy (1818–1876), English cricketer
Ann Christy (actor) (1905–1987), US film actor
Ann Christy (singer) (1945–1984), Belgian singer
Barrett Christy (fl. 1990s), US snowboarder
Cuthbert Christy (1863–1932), British doctor and zoologist
David Christy (1870–1919), Australian football athlete
Dick Christy (1935–1966), US football athlete
Dorothy Christy (1906–1977), US actor
Earl Christy (born 1943), US football player
Edwin Pearce Christy (1815–1862), US musician and producer
Elisa Christy (born 1917), Mexican singer and dancer
George Christy (fl. 1840s), US singer and dancer
Harley H. Christy (1870–1950), US admiral
Henry Christy (1810–1865), English ethnologist
Howard Chandler Christy (1873–1952), US artist famous for the "Christy Girl"
James W. Christy (born 1938), US astronomer
Jeff Christy (born 1969), US football player
Jim Christy (born 1951), US scientist
Jim Christy (cricketer) (1904–1971), South African cricketer
John Christy, US climate scientist
June Christy (1925–1990), US singer
Karen Christy (born 1951), US model
Ken Christy (1894–1962), US actor
Lauren Christy (fl. 1990s), English singer
Paul Christy (1939–2021), US wrestler
Pierre Roland, born Pierre Roland Christy, Indonesian actor
Richard Christy (born 1974), US drummer, comedian, actor, radio personality
Robert F. Christy (1916–2012), US physicist
See also
Christy (disambiguation)
Christy (given name)
Christie (surname)
Surnames from given names
Buffalo, New York is the second most populous city in the state of New York, after New York City. The city has a population of 278,349 as of the 2020 Census and the Buffalo–Cheektowaga–Olean Combined Statistical Area is home to 1,215,826 residents.
Background
Buffalo was first settled primarily by New Englanders. The first wave of European immigrants was a large influx of Germans. The city was further populated by Irish immigrants first, Erie Canal builders and then escaping famine, and infused by Polish, Italian, Jewish, and more recently Latino populations, all of which have made it a melting pot of ethnic cultures. The newest immigrants are from Somalia, Sudan, and Asia.
The Old First Ward retains a strong Irish identity, and Kaisertown reflects a German heritage. Buffalo's Polonia was centered at the Broadway Market on the East Side. The market serves as a microcosm of Polish/Slavic traditions and delicacies. The East Side is now home to African Americans, many of whom came north during the Great Migration. The annual Juneteenth Festival is a large cultural celebration organized by African Americans in Martin Luther King Jr. Park.
The West Side is home to the city's Hispanic community, predominantly of Puerto Rican descent. The West Side was once Buffalo's "Little Italy," but in the 1980s much of Buffalo's Italian American community moved to North Buffalo. There is also a small Italian-American enclave in the East Side neighborhood of Lovejoy. Many Buffalo households, churches, and restaurants continue to observe the Sicilian custom of preparing St. Joseph's Day (March 19) tables, at which various meatless Lenten courses are laid out for the poor.
Buffalo is also home to a large Jewish community. German Jewish immigrants originally settled on Buffalo's Westside in the mid-19th century. Lower income Russian Jews and Polish Jews immigrating to the Niagara Frontier in the early 20th century initially settled on the Lower East Side, near William Street and Jefferson Avenue. The community migrated to the Masten Park neighborhood on the East Side, and then to North Buffalo between the 1940s and the 1960s. Although many still live in the city, particularly in North Buffalo and the Delaware District on the city's Westside, the majority of the Buffalo area's Jews now live in the northeastern suburbs. Buffalo's Jewish Community Centers are located in the Delaware District, North Buffalo and Amherst.
Distancing itself from its industrial past, Buffalo is redefining itself as a cultural, banking, educational, medical center and architectural tourism destination. In 2001, USA Today named Buffalo the winner of its "City with a Heart" contest. proclaiming it the nation's "friendliest city." Buffalo is also a two-time winner of the All-America City Award.
Demographics
City proper
Like most formerly industrial cities of the Great Lakes region in the USA, Buffalo has experienced an economic depression brought about by the loss of its industrial base. The city's population peaked in 1950, when it was the 15th largest city in the United States, before entering a long trend of losing population. The demographic change and the impact of such change on the industrial cities of the region, including Buffalo, is significant; based on the 2006 US Census estimate, Buffalo's population was equivalent to its population in the year 1890, reversing 120 years of demographic change. The 2020 Census was the first census in 70 years that saw Buffalo and Erie County gain population.
At the 2010 Census, the city's population was 50.4% White (45.8% non-Hispanic White alone), 38.6% Black or African American, 0.8% American Indian and Alaska Native, 3.2% Asian, 3.9% from some other race and 3.1% from two or more races. 10.5% of the total population was Hispanic or Latino of any race.
At the time of the 2000 census there were 292,648 people, 122,720 households, and 67,005 families residing in the city. The population density was 7,205.8 people per square mile (2,782.4/km2). There were 145,574 housing units at an average density of 3,584.4 per square mile (1,384.1/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 54.43% White, 37.23% African American, 0.77% Native American, 1.40% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 3.68% from other races, and 2.45% from two or more races. 7.54% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. The top 5 largest ancestries include German (13.6%), Irish (12.2%), Italian (11.7%), Polish (11.7%), and English (4.0%).
There were 122,720 households, out of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 27.6% were married couples living together, 22.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.4% were non-families. 37.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.29 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the city the population included 26.3% under the age of 18, 11.3% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 19.6% from 45 to 64, and 13.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.6 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.5 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $24,536, and the median income for a family was $30,614. Males had a median income of $30,938 versus $23,982 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,991. 26.6% of the population and 23.0% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total population, 38.4% of those under the age of 18 and 14.0% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
Buffalo has very sizable populations of Bosnian, Irish, Italian, Polish, German, Hungarian, Jewish, Greek, Arab, African American, Indian, Macedonian, and Puerto Rican descent. Major ethnic neighborhoods still exist but they changed significantly in the second half of the 20th century. In 1940, non-Hispanic Whites were 96.8% of the city's population. In the early 1900s, Polish-American immigrants were the predominant occupants of the East Side, while Italian-Americans composed a close-knit neighborhood in the west side. The East Side has long since become a predominantly African American area, while the West Side has become a melting pot of many ethnicities, with Latino culture being the strongest influence. Throughout the history of Buffalo, the neighborhoods collectively called the First Ward, as well as much of South Buffalo, have comprised almost entirely people of Irish descent. Recently, there has been an influx of inhabitants that are of Arab descent, mainly from Yemen, as the city's Muslim population has increased to approximately 3000 according to an estimate. Since the 1950s and 1960s, the greater portion of the Jewish population has moved to the suburban areas outside of the city, or to the city's upper West Side.
Segregation
After the racist May 14, 2022 mass shooting at a Tops Supermarket on Buffalo's east side, much commentary focused on the level of segregation in the city. Demographers themselves do not agree on Buffalo's segregation ranking.
Metropolitan area
As of 2006, Erie and Niagara Counties had a combined estimated population of 1,154,378. The racial makeup of the area was 82.2% White, 13% African American, 0.6% Native American, 1.32% Asian, 3.3% Hispanic, and 1.4% of all other races. In the metropolitan area, 39.68% of people were under the age of 18 or over the age of 64, and the median age was 38. Of the total population, 82.88% had a high school diploma and 23.2% had obtained a Bachelor's degree. The median income for a household was $48,400 and the per capita income for the area was just under $39,000. Approximately 8% of the population was below the poverty line.
References
Buffalo, New York
Buffalo
is a train station located in the town of Yakage, Oda District, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Ibara Railway
Ibara Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Ibara Railway
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
Search and Destroy is a spy novel written by Tom Clancy and co-authored with Peter Telep. It was scheduled for release on July 5, 2012, but the release was cancelled. It is not to be confused with the 1980 nonfiction book Search and Destroy by Robin Moore.
Plot
CIA Special Activities Division (SAD) officer and former Navy SEAL Max Moore has a dilemma: save the life of their wife or let them be killed for the lives of thousands of innocent people.
References
2012 American novels
Novels by Tom Clancy
Thriller novels
Collaborative novels
Touba is a small town and seat of the commune of Duguwolowula in the Cercle of Banamba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies (VIPS) is in Pitampura, New Delhi, India. It is a private college, affiliated with Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU). The college admits students in the different schools based on their performance in the IPU common entrance test for the respective course. Apart from the Common entrance test, the college also accepts CLAT and CAT scores for some of its courses.
History
The institute was established by S. C. Vats following a meeting they had with Swami Jitatmananda in 1997 who told them they should establish an institute of higher education in New Delhi in the name of Swami Vivekananda.
Admission Processes
Admissions at VIPS are on the basis on the merit of the candidate drawn on the basis of the Common Entrance Test (CET) conducted by GGSIPU. For all courses covered under CET, the university prepares a list of candidates in the order of merit in each category.
Recognition and accreditation
VIPS is approved by the India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). It has been accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) with an "A" grade.
Its BCA course was ranked all India 15th and the BBA course was ranked All India 36th rank in the year 2021.
Schools
Schools of Law and Education
School of Information Technology
School of Business Studies
School of Journalism and Mass Communication
School of Economics
School of English Studies
College of Engineering
Programmes
The college offers the following courses:
B.Tech
BBA
BBA in Banking and Insurance
B.A. (Hons) in Economics
BA LLB
B.Com (Hons)
BCA
BA in Journalism and Mass Communication
LLM
BBA LLB
MCA
BA (Hons) in English
MBA
PG Diploma in Management
References
Universities and colleges in Delhi
Colleges of the Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
Journalism schools in India
"Skinflowers" is a single by The Young Gods appearing on their 1992 album T.V. Sky. It later appeared on the soundtrack of the 1993 film Sliver.
Cover versions
Faith No More, who has cited The Young Gods as an influence, has performed the song live a few times.
Accolades
Track listing
"Skinflowers (Edited Version)" - 4:04
"Skinflowers (Brain Forest Mix (The Orb Style))" - 7:26
"Skinflowers (Courtney Speed Love Mix)" - 3:53
"Skinflowers (Album Version)" (5:08)
Footnotes
The Young Gods songs
1991 singles
United Nations Security Council resolution 693 of 20 May 1991 established the United Nations Observer Mission in El Salvador to verify the military-led government of El Salvador and the militia Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front's compliance with human rights in accordance with an agreement both parties signed in San Jose in 1990.
The council established the Mission for an initial period of twelve months, calling on both parties to continue the process of negotiations to help end the Salvadoran Civil War and also co-operate with the Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar and their representative.
According to Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1992 to 1997, the Mission in El Salvador was the "first international mission to undertake verification within a sovereign United Nations Member State, prior to a cease-fire agreement."
See also
History of El Salvador
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
United Nations Observer Group in Central America
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0693
Political history of El Salvador
20th century in El Salvador
Salvadoran Civil War
0693
May 1991 events
Paul Wilson Brooks (28 May 1921 – 26 January 1946) was an English cricketer. Brooks was a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm fast-medium. The son of William James Brooks and Mabel Brooks, they were born at Marylebone, London.
Prior to appearing in first-class cricket, Wilson had played Second XI cricket for Middlesex, and on one notable occasion they bowled the Australian Don Bradman in a practice session at Lord's before the 1938 season began, making them a celebrity for a short time. The following year they made what was to be their only first-class appearance for Middlesex against Warwickshire in the County Championship at Lord's. This was the final first-class match played by Middlesex that season, and Brooks was drafted into the team after a number of regular players had been drafted into the armed services due to rising tensions with Germany. In a match which Middlesex won by an innings and 200 runs, Brooks batted once, scoring an unbeaten 44.
Military career and death
During the early part of World War II they served in London and Coventry with the National Fire Service during the height of The Blitz. They later served in the Coldstream Guards, reaching the rank of lance corporal. While fighting in Italy in April 1945, Brooks was wounded in the spine by a sniper. They never recovered and was bedridden ever after, eventually dying of their injury at St Mary's Hospital, Paddington, on the night of 26 January 1946. They were laid to rest at Brompton Cemetery.
References
External links
Paul Brooks at ESPNcricinfo
Paul Brooks at CricketArchive
1921 births
1946 deaths
People from Marylebone
English cricketers
Middlesex cricketers
British Army personnel killed in World War II
Coldstream Guards soldiers
Burials at Brompton Cemetery
British firefighters
Civil Defence Service personnel
Military personnel from London
The 1956 Wilkes County 160 was a NASCAR Grand National Series event that was held on April 8, 1956, at North Wilkesboro Speedway in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina, United States.
Background
North Wilkesboro carried a reputation as one of the fastest short-tracks in auto racing in the late 1940s and 1950s. In 1950, speeds reached 73 mph at the track, compared to the next fastest short-track, Charlotte Speedway, where top speeds only reached 66 mph. Most of the fans in the early years of the sport saw the track as notorious for being a great venue to watch races between the legendary racers of the time. Racing at North Wilkesboro was intense and physical.
The 1950 Wilkes 200 was the second Grand National Series race held at North Wilkesboro Speedway. Twenty-six cars entered the race. Twenty-one-year-old Fireball Roberts qualified with a lap speed of 73.266 mph on the dirt track for their first-ever Grand National pole, but engine problems dropped them out of the running. Fonty Flock started in the third position and led the most laps in the race with 104, but engine troubles also ended their day. Ultimately, Leon Sales led eight of the 200 laps to become the victor, the fourth NASCAR driver to win an event in their debut race. Jack Smith finished second after leading 55 laps in the race.
After hosting only one NASCAR event in 1949 and one in 1950, the track began running two Grand National Series events per year in 1951 (with the except for1956, when only one race was held; the track was being prepared for pavement). One race was held in the spring, normally in late March or early April, and another was held in the fall, normally in late September or early October. In 1957, owner Enoch Stanley had the 5/8-mile track paved.
The Wilkes 200 in 1952 turned into a battle between brothers. Two sets of brothers competed in the race, and they took the top four spots at the finish. The Flock Brothers (Fonty Flock and Tim Flock) were strong, but the Thomas brothers (Herb Thomas and Donald Thomas) had a better outcome. Herb Thomas, driving their 1952 "Fabulous" Hudson Hornet, won the pole, led 192 of the 200 laps, and grabbed the victory. Fonty Flock led the first eight laps and finished the race second. Donald Thomas, also in a 1952 "Fabulous" Hudson Hornet, finished third, and Tim Flock finished fourth. Eleven of the 27 cars entered in the race finished. Six of the top nine positions were driving Hudson Hornets.
Herb Thomas started on the pole for the 1953 Wilkes 200 with their record-setting qualifying speed of 78.424 mph on the dirt surface. Outside pole sitter Tim Flock led the first 100 laps before experiencing engine problems. Curtis Turner took the lead on Lap 101 and continued the lead until their car also succumbed to engine troubles nine laps later. Thomas in their Number 92 Hudson Hornet only lead 18 laps in the race but ended the race by taking their third consecutive win at North Wilkesboro. Starting from the third spot, Dick Rathmann led 70 laps and finished behind Herb Thomas. Fonty Flock managed to work their way up from the fourth starting position to the front and led three laps before dropping back and finishing third.
Pole sitter Buck Baker ran 78.288 mph to gap the pole for the 1953 Wilkes 160. Baker ran strong and led the most laps in the race with 80 out front before falling back into the sixth position at the finish. Speedy Thompson led 25 laps, and Fonty Flock led 37. Curtis Turner led a total of 18 laps. At the end of the race, Thompson finished two laps ahead of second-place Flock. Thompson's win ended Herb Thomas and their Hudson Hornet's three-race winning streak at North Wilkesboro.
At the 1954 Wilkes County 160, Gober Sosebee won the pole with a lap speed of 78.698 mph. Sosebee led a race-high 112 laps but finished in 12th position, eight laps down. The only other leader was Dick Rathmann, who led 48 laps. Rathmann blew a tire while leading, with three laps to go, and still managed to finish and win the race. Herb Thomas finished some 20 seconds behind in second place.
In the 1954 Wilkes 160, Hershel McGriff won the pole with a qualifying speed of 77.612 mph. They and Dick Rathman were the only leaders of the race; McGriff led 74 laps, and Rathman led 83. The race was called three laps early because of a serious crash involving Lou Figaro; their car flipped, and the roof caved in. Figaro was transported to a hospital in Winston-Salem, but they died the following day from a skull fracture and brain damage suffered in the crash. McGriff was declared the winner. It was their final victory and their last Grand National race for 17 years.
Dink Widenhouse won their only career Grand National Series pole at the 1955 Wilkes County 160. But engine problems forced them out of the race. Outside pole sitter Buck Baker led all 160 laps, but by the last lap, Dick Rathmann was glued to Baker's bumper, still charging. Rathmann's final charge off of Turn Four came up three feet short of stealing the victory. It was the closest finish in series history up to that time. Local native Junior Johnson ran in their first Grand National race at North Wilkesboro.
Race report
The attendance at the race was 7500 people, and the race was held in one hour, twenty-four minutes, and twenty-eight seconds. There were 160 laps on the dirt track, with the total distance being . The average speed was , and the pole position speed was . The top three qualifiers were the only drivers who lead the race.
The top ten finishers of the race were Tim Flock, Billy Myers, Jim Paschal, Herb Thomas, Ralph Moody, Dink Widenhouse, Allen Adkins, Lee Petty, Bill Blair, and Whitey Norman. Some other notable racers were Fireball Roberts, Buck Baker, Gwyn Staley, Junior Johnson, and Tiny Lund.
Dick Beaty (who finished twelfth in the race) would go on to become the "top cop" in NASCAR decades later; passing a rule requiring vehicles to "pass to the right" on the restart. This race would be John McVitty's last start. They were killed during qualifying at Langhorne before the next race.
Out of the twenty-nine competitors for this race, thirteen failed to finish, leaving sixteen drivers that completed the entire 160 laps (100 miles) of the race. The most common problem was the piston (which occurred in two different cars). The top prize was $1,100 ($ when considering inflation) and the prize for last place was $0. NASCAR's then-current prize structure only gave out monetary rewards from first place to twentieth place; all other finishers did not receive any prize winnings at all. Several models of automobile participated in the race including: Ford (active), Chevrolet (active), Pontiac (defunct), Dodge (active), Mercury (active but not participating in racing), and Plymouth (defunct).
This was the only race for North Wilkesboro Speedway in the 1956 season. Carl Kiekhaefer was a notable crew chief to attend this race; they were also the owner of the #300C Chrysler vehicle driven by Buck Baker.
Racing numbers in this era were not limited to double-digit numbers. There were a couple of drivers with triple-digit numbers and even a driver using the letter "X" as their race car number. Fortunately, this practice was discarded by NASCAR after the 1963 Sandlapper 200 where Frank Warren would take their single-lettered car to a 13th-place finish (after starting in 18th).
Qualifying
Finishing order
Section reference:
Tim Flock† (first victory for Chrysler at this track)
Billy Myers† (finished in the lead lap under green flag – the highest winning Mercury)
Jim Paschal† (finished in the lead lap under green flag)
Herb Thomas† (finished in the lead lap under green flag – the highest winning Chevrolet)
Ralph Moody† (1 lap down – the highest winning Ford)
Dink Widenhouse (2 laps down)
Allen Adkins (2 laps down)
Lee Petty† (2 laps down – the highest finishing Dodge)
Bill Blair (9 laps down)
Whitey Norman (10 laps down)
Buck Baker† (12 laps down)
Dick Beaty (13 laps down)
Ed Cole (15 laps down)
Tiny Lund (18 laps down – the highest finishing Pontiac)
Gwyn Staley*† (26 laps down)
Ken Milligan (26 laps down)
Joe Eubanks*† (27 laps down)
Speedy Thompson*† (33 laps down – also led the most laps)
Rex White* (48 laps down)
John McVitty*† (58 laps down)
Dick Blackwell (58 laps down)
Jimmie Lewallen*† (67 laps down)
Lou Spears* (77 laps down)
Ralph Liguori*† (115 laps down)
Fireball Roberts*† (122 laps down)
Johnny Allen* (138 laps down)
Bobby Keck*† (138 laps down)
Junior Johnson* (143 laps down)
Harvey Henderson* (147 laps down)
* Driver failed to finish race
† Driver is deceased.
Timeline
Section reference:
Start of race: Junior Johnson started the race with the pole position.
Lap 13: Engine troubles gave Harvey Henderson a last-place finish.
Lap 17: A problematic piston ended Junior Johnson's hopes of winning the race.
Lap 18: Speedy Thompson took over the lead from Junior Johnson.
Lap 22: Johnny Allen had a terminal crash.
Lap 38: Driveshaft problems ended Fireball Roberts' race weekend.
Lap 45: A tire came loose off Ralph Liguri's vehicle.
Lap 83: Lou Spears' car managed to overheat itself, making them accept the 23rd-place finish.
Lap 93: Jimmie Lewallen's engine gave up, forcing them to accept a less than stellar finish.
Lap 102: John McVitty's fuel pump developed problems, causing them to leave the event.
Lap 112: A frame came loose off Rex White's vehicle.
Lap 115: Tim Flock took over the lead from Speedy Thompson.
Lap 127: Speedy Thompson had a faulty gas line in their vehicle, making them leave the race early.
Lap 133: Joe Eubanks had some troubles with their vehicle's axle, causing them to settle for a 17th-place finish.
Lap 134: Gwyn Staley's vehicle developed transmission problems, forcing them out of the race.
Finish: Tim Flock was officially declared the winner of the event.
References
External links
Wilkes County 160
Wilkes County 160
Wilkes County 160
NASCAR races at North Wilkesboro Speedway
The Wanganui Computer Centre bombing occurred in Wanganui, New Zealand, in 1982. The event was carried out to protest New Zealand's ability to record the personal information of citizens which was seen as potentially dangerous by civil libertarians. The Computer Centre continued to operate until its closure in 2005.
Bombing
On 18 November 1982, a suicide bomb attack was made against a facility housing the main computer system of the New Zealand Police, Courts, Ministry of Transport and other law enforcement agencies, in Wanganui. The force of the blast made it so that police were initially unable to determine the sex of the perpetrator. The attacker, a "punk rock" anarchist named Neil Roberts, was the only person killed, and the computer system was undamaged. They had written on a piece of cardboard before the explosion, "Heres [sic] one anarchist down. Hopefully there's a lot more waking up. One day we'll win - one day." A public toilet nearby had the slogan "We have maintained a silence closely resembling stupidity" painted on it, a slogan which the police believe Roberts had painted, and borrowed from the Revolutionary Proclamation of the Junta Tuitiva of 1809. The phrase is still closely linked with the bombing by the New Zealand public.
In popular culture
In 1984, a short was produced titled The Maintenance of Silence. The film portrays a young man named Eric probing into the facts of the bombing. The protagonist is disturbed by being awakened in Auckland at the exact moment of the bombing in Wanganui. Eric becomes absorbed in pondering the character and fate of Neil Roberts.
Rochelle Bright wrote a musical play about Neil Roberts in 2015 as part of their residency at the Michael King Writers' Centre in Auckland.
The graffitied sentence "We have maintained a silence closely resembling stupidity" has been used by New Zealand artist Ann Shelton in various works, notably as part of their "Doublethink" installation (2013) and exhibition "The City of Lead and Gold" (Sarjeant Gallery, Wanganui, 2013).
An article from Radio New Zealand's 'The Wireless' paints a richer picture: An Anarchist With A Death Wish
See also
Terrorism in New Zealand
References
Terrorist incidents in New Zealand
1982 in New Zealand
Suicide bombing
Failed terrorist attempts in Oceania
New
Terrorist incidents in New Zealand in the 1980s
November 1982 events in New Zealand
Troodon ( ; Troödon in older sources) is a former wastebasket taxon and potentially dubious genus of relatively small, bird-like dinosaurs known definitively from the Campanian age of the Late Cretaceous period (about 77 mya). It includes at least one species, Troodon formosus, known from Montana. Discovered in October 1855, T. formosus was among the first dinosaurs found in North America, although it was thought to be a lizard until 1877. Several well-known troodontid specimens from the Dinosaur Park Formation in Alberta were once believed to be members of this genus. However, recent analyses in 2017 have found the genus to be undiagnostic and referred some of these specimens to the genus Stenonychosaurus (long believed to be synonymous with Troodon) and others to the genus Latenivenatrix.
The genus name is Ancient Greek for "wounding tooth", referring to the teeth, which were different from those of most other theropods known at the time of their discovery. The teeth bear prominent, apically oriented serrations. These "wounding" serrations, however, are morphometrically more similar to those of herbivorous reptiles, and suggest a possibly omnivorous diet.
History of discovery
Early research
The name was originally spelled Troödon (with a diaeresis) by Joseph Leidy in 1856, which was officially amended to its current status by Sauvage in 1876. The type specimen of Troodon has caused problems with classification, as the entire genus is based only on a single tooth from the Judith River Formation. Troodon has historically been a highly unstable classification and has been the subject of numerous conflicting synonymies with similar theropod specimens.
The Troodon tooth was originally classified as a "lacertilian" (lizard) by Leidy, but reassigned as a megalosaurid dinosaur by Franz Nopcsa von Felső-Szilvás in 1901 (Megalosauridae having historically been a wastebin taxon for most carnivorous dinosaurs). In 1924, Gilmore suggested that the tooth belonged to the herbivorous pachycephalosaur Stegoceras, and that Stegoceras was in fact a junior synonym of Troodon (the similarity of troodontid teeth to those of herbivorous dinosaurs continues to lead many paleontologists to believe that these animals were omnivores). The classification of Troodon as a pachycephalosaur was followed for many years, during which the family Pachycephalosauridae was known as Troodontidae. In 1945, Charles Mortram Sternberg rejected the possibility that Troodon was a pachycephalosaur due to its stronger similarity to the teeth of other carnivorous dinosaurs. With Troodon now classified as a theropod, the family Troodontidae could no longer be used for the dome-headed dinosaurs, so Sternberg named a new family for them, Pachycephalosauridae.
Naming of related species
The first specimens assigned to Troodon that were not teeth were both found by Sternberg in the early 1930s, in the Dinosaur Park Formation of Alberta. The first was named Stenonychosaurus inequalis by Sternberg in 1932, based on a foot, fragments of a hand, and some tail vertebrae. A remarkable feature of these remains was the enlarged claw on the second toe, which is now recognized as characteristic of early paravians. Sternberg initially classified Stenonychosaurus as a member of the family Coeluridae. The second, a partial lower jaw bone, was described by Gilmore (1932) as a new species of lizard which they named Polyodontosaurus grandis. Later, in 1951, Sternberg recognized P. grandis as a possible synonym of Troodon, and speculated that since Stenonychosaurus had a "very peculiar pes" and Troodon "equally unusual teeth", they may be closely related. Unfortunately, no comparable specimens were available at that time to test the idea. In a recent revision of the material by van der Reest & Currie, Polyodontosaurus was determined to be a nomen dubium, not fit for synonymy with other taxa.
A more complete skeleton of Stenonychosaurus was described by Dale Russell in 1969 from the Dinosaur Park Formation, which eventually formed the scientific foundation for a famous life-sized sculpture of Stenonychosaurus accompanied by its fictional, humanoid descendant, the "dinosauroid". Stenonychosaurus became a well-known theropod in the 1980s, when the feet and braincase were described in more detail. Along with Saurornithoides, it formed the family Saurornithoididae. Based on differences in tooth structure, and the extremely fragmentary nature of the original Troodon formosus specimens, saurornithoidids were thought to be close relatives while Troodon was considered a dubious possible relative of the family. Phil Currie, reviewing the pertinent specimens in 1987, showed that supposed differences in tooth and jaw structure among troodontids and saurornithoidids were based on age and position of the tooth in the jaw, rather than a difference in species. They reclassified Stenonychosaurus inequalis as well as Polyodontosaurus grandis and Pectinodon bakkeri as junior synonyms of Troodon formosus. Currie also made Saurornithoididae a junior synonym of Troodontidae. In 1988, Gregory S. Paul went farther and included Saurornithoides mongoliensis in the genus Troodon as T. mongoliensis, but this reclassification, along with many other unilateral synonymizations of well known genera, was not adopted by other researchers. Currie's classification of all North American troodontid material in the single species Troodon formosus became widely adopted by other paleontologists, and all of the specimens once called Stenonychosaurus were referred to as Troodon in the scientific literature through the early 21st century.
Dissolution of the one species model
However, the concept that all Late Cretaceous North American troodontids belong to one species began to be questioned soon after Currie's 1987 paper was published, including by Currie himself. Currie and colleagues (1990) noted that, while they believed the Judith River troodontids were all T. formosus, troodontid fossils from other formations, such as the Hell Creek Formation and Lance Formation, might belong to different species. In 1991, George Olshevsky assigned the Lance formation fossils, which had first been named Pectinodon bakkeri but later synonymized with Troodon formosus to the species Troodon bakkeri, and several other researchers (including Currie) have reverted to keeping the Dinosaur Park Formation fossils separate as Troodon inequalis (now Stenonychosaurus inequalis).
In 2011, Zanno and colleagues reviewed the convoluted history of troodontid classification in Late Cretaceous North America. They followed Longrich (2008) in treating Pectinodon bakkeri as a valid genus, and noted that it is likely the numerous Late Cretaceous specimens currently assigned to Troodon formosus almost certainly represent numerous new genera, but that a more thorough review of the specimens is required. Because the holotype of T. formosus is a single tooth, this renders Troodon a nomen dubium.
In 2017, Evans and colleagues further discussed the undiagnostic nature of the holotype of Troodon formosus and suggested that Stenonychosaurus be used for troodontid skeletal material from the Dinosaur Park Formation. Later in the same year, Aaron J. van der Reest and Currie came to a similar conclusion as Evans and colleagues, and also split much of the material assigned to Stenonychosaurus into a new genus: Latenivenatrix. In 2018, Varricchio and colleagues disagreed with Evans and colleagues, citing that Stenonychosaurus had not been used in the thirty years since Currie and colleagues synonymized it with Troodon, and they indicated that "Troodon formosus remains the proper name for this taxon". This conclusion by Varricchio was agreed upon by Sellés and colleagues in their 2021 description of Tamarro. Varricchio's comments were later addressed by Cullen and colleagues in their 2021 review of Dinosaur Park Formation biodiversity, where they noted that while Stenonychosaurus has indeed not been used for 30 years, Currie's original hypothesis of subjective synonymy (based on tooth and jaw morphology) was never directly tested, and given that later research found that teeth were not diagnostic below the family level in troodontids, Currie's original hypothesis is therefore not supported by the available data, regardless of the amount of time since it was originally proposed. They suggested that the description of more complete skeletal material (i.e. containing dental, frontal, and postcranial elements) that can be tied to the holotype could allow the direct testing of the synonymy hypothesis, but re-affirmed that for now, given the lack of supporting evidence, the synonymy of Troodon and Stenonychosaurus cannot be maintained, and that merely remaining untested for 30 years is not sufficient justification to accept a proposed lumping of taxa lacking overlapping diagnostic materials. However, Varricchio and other still insist on their naming method.
Classification
Troodon is considered to be one of the most derived members of its family. Along with Zanabazar, Saurornithoides, and Talos, it forms a clade of specialized troodontids.
Below is a cladogram of Troodontidae by Zanno et al. in 2011.
Paleobiology
One study was based on multiple Troodon teeth that have been collected from Late Cretaceous deposits from northern Alaska. These teeth are much larger than those collected from more southern sites, providing evidence that northern Alaskan populations of Troodon grew to larger average body size, hinting at Bergmann's rule. This study also provides an analysis of the proportions and wear patterns of a large sample of Troodon teeth. It proposes that the wear patterns of all Troodon teeth suggest a diet of soft foods - inconsistent with bone chewing, invertebrate exoskeletons, or tough plant items. This study hypothesizes a diet primarily consisting of meat. A pellet possibly belonging to Troodon suggests it hunted early mammals such as Alphadon.
In 2011, another derived troodontid, Linhevenator, was described from Inner Mongolia, China. It was noted by the authors as having relatively short and robust forelimbs, along with an enlarged second pedal ungual akin to that of the dromaeosaurids, in comparison to more basal troodontids. It was proposed that derived troodontids had convergently evolved dromaeosaurid-style relatively large second pedal unguals, likely as an adaptation relating to predation. The authors noted that it is plausible that this may be applicable to other derived troodontids, including Troodon, although this is currently uncertain due to a paucity of sufficient remains of the latter genus.
Paleoecology
The type specimen of Troodon formosus was found in the Judith River Formation of Montana. The rocks of the Judith River Formation are equivalent in age with the Oldman Formation of Alberta, which has been dated to between 77.5 and 76.5 million years ago.
In the past, remains have been attributed to the same genus as the Judith River Troodon from a wide variety of other geological formations. It is now recognized as unlikely that all of these fossils, which come from localities hundreds or thousands of miles apart, separated by millions of years of time, represent a single species or genus of troodontid dinosaurs. Further study and more fossils are needed to determine how many species of Troodon existed. It is questionable that, after further study, any additional species can be referred to Troodon, in which case the genus would be considered a nomen dubium.
A species of Troodon is known from the Prince Creek Formation, a fossil site from Alaska that dates from the latest Campanian to Maastrichtian of the late Cretaceous. Based on the presence of Gypsum and Pyrite in the rocks, it suggests that the formation was bordered by a large body of water. It seems, based on the presence of pollen fossils, that the dominant plants were trees, shrubs, herbs, and flowering plants. The temperature ranged from possibly 2-12°C, which roughly correlates to 36-54°F, and based on Alaska's position in the late Cretaceous, the area faced 120 or so days of winter darkness. This Maniraptoran lived alongside many other reptiles like the centrosaurine Pachyrhinosaurus perotorum, a species of the saurolophine hadrosaur Edmontosaurus, the pachycephalosaurin Alaskacephale gangloffi, an azhdarchid pterosaur, and the tyrannosaurine Nanuqsaurus hoglundi. It also lived alongside the metatherian mammal Unnuakomys hutchisoni. Based on the amount of teeth finds, this troodontid was the most common theropod of the formation, making up 2/3 of all specimens, a stark contrast to more southern deposits in Montana where troodontids only comprise 6% of all theropod remains. This, along with evidence that Troodon was more abundant during cooler intervals such as the early Maastrichtian, may indicate that Troodon favored cooler climates.
Additional specimens currently referred to Troodon come from the upper Two Medicine Formation of Montana. Troodon-like teeth have been found in the lower Javelina Formation of Texas and the Naashoibito Member of the Ojo Alamo Formation in New Mexico.
See also
Timeline of troodontid research
References
Russell, D. A. (1987). "Models and paintings of North American dinosaurs." In: Czerkas, S. J. & Olson, E. C. (eds) Dinosaurs Past and Present, Volume I. Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County/University of Washington Press (Seattle and Washington), pp. 114–131.
External links
Dinosauroid
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of North America
Troodontids
Campanian genera
Fossil taxa described in 1856
Taxa named by Joseph Leidy
Paleontology in Montana
Nomina dubia
Katalin Engelhardt (born 17 March 1971) is a former Hungarian Paralympic swimmer and Paralympic powerlifter. They have participated at seven Paralympic Games in swimming and has won six medals, including one gold at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta. Engelhardt was born with a leg impairment which didn't form properly in their mother's womb.
References
1971 births
Living people
Swimmers from Budapest
Paralympic swimmers of Hungary
Paralympic powerlifters of Hungary
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Paralympic gold medalists for Hungary
Paralympic silver medalists for Hungary
Paralympic bronze medalists for Hungary
Hungarian female breaststroke swimmers
Hungarian female butterfly swimmers
Hungarian female medley swimmers
S5-classified Paralympic swimmers
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
20th-century Hungarian women
21st-century Hungarian women
Sorolopha nagaii is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand.
References
Moths described in 1989
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Oliver Otis Howard (1830–1909) was a Union Army major general. General Howard may also refer to:
United Kingdom
Charles Howard (British Army officer) (c. 1696–1765), British Army general
Charles Howard, 1st Earl of Carlisle (1628–1685), English Army lieutenant general
Francis Howard (British Army officer, born 1848) (1848–1930), British Army major general
Francis Howard, 1st Earl of Effingham (1683–1743), British Army lieutenant general
Geoffrey Howard (British Army officer) (1876–1966), British Army lieutenant general
George Howard (British Army officer) (1718–1796), British Army general
John Howard, 15th Earl of Suffolk (1739–1820), British Army general
Kenneth Howard, 1st Earl of Effingham (1767–1845), British Army lieutenant general
Thomas Howard (British Army officer, born 1684) (1684–1753), British Army lieutenant general
Thomas Howard, 2nd Earl of Effingham (1714–1763), British Army lieutenant general
United States
Archie F. Howard (1892–1964), U.S. Marine Corps major general
Benjamin Howard (Missouri politician) (1760–1814), U.S. Army brigadier general
Benjamin Chew Howard (1791–1872), Maryland Militia brigadier general
Edwin B. Howard (1901–1993), U.S. Army brigadier general
Harold Palmer Howard (1866–1951), U.S. Army brigadier general
James H. Howard (1913–1995) U.S. Air Force brigadier general
Michael L. Howard (1980s–2020s), U.S. Army lieutenant general
Russell D. Howard (fl. 1970s–2000s), U.S. Army brigadier general
Samuel L. Howard (1891–1960), U.S. Marine Corps general
See also
Patrick Howard-Dobson (1921–2009), British Army general
Edward Howard-Vyse (1905–1992), British Army lieutenant general
Richard Howard-Vyse (1883–1962), British Army major general
John Eager Howard (1752–1827), declined commission as a U.S. Army brigadier general
Attorney General Howard (disambiguation)
Porsche Holding GmbH, also known as Porsche Holding Salzburg, is the largest car distributor in Europe. In 2011, the company was sold by the Porsche family and Porsche SE to Volkswagen AG, which is the majority owner of the company.
History
Porsche Konstruktionen GesmbH was founded by Louise Piëch and Ferry Porsche (daughter and son of Ferdinand Porsche) in 1947 in Gmünd, Austria. After the Porsche 360 Grand Prix racing car was designed by Ferry Porsche with help from the engineers of their father's design office for Cisitalia in 1947, the company started manufacturing the Porsche 356, starting with the prototype Porsche 356/1 and then 356/2 in 1948 at a factory located at a saw mill in Gmünd, and later at a factory in Salzburg.
After Ferdinand Porsche was released from a French prison after the war, the production of the Porsche 356 was taken over by Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche GmbH in Stuttgart, Germany, and the facility in Salzburg became home to Porsche Konstruktionen as the Austrian importer of Volkswagen and Porsche products in 1949. Ferry Porsche joined their father's company in Stuttgart, while the Austrian operation was left with Anton Piëch and Louise Piëch, who managed it to become the largest car dealership chain in Austria by 1957.
By the 1960s, Porsche Konstruktionen became one of the largest distributors of Volkswagen and Porsche products in Europe.
Motorsport
In the late 1960s, Porsche entered many sports cars in races, and to support the factory effort (then calling itself Porsche System Engineering), external semi-factory teams were set up to share the work load. In 1969, Porsche Salzburg became such a de facto second works team, sponsored by Porsche Konstruktionen. Early in the season, at the Nürburgring, cars were entered as Salzburg Porsche Konstruktionen, but later at Austria's Österreichring, it became Porsche Salzburg for short.
Porsche Salzburg became an entrant in the 1969 World Sportscar Championship season and 1970 World Sportscar Championship season, representing Porsche in motorsport. In 1970, the team of John Wyer was the designated factory partner. The Porsche factory itself did not compete anymore, focussing on development, but Salzburg continued. Usually two cars were entered, for Vic Elford and Hans Herrmann. Salzburg operated the winning Porsche 908/3 in the 1000km Nürburgring for that year, and the winning Porsche 917KH at the 1970 24 Hours of Le Mans. After 1970, the name of Porsche Salzburg disappeared from entry lists, as Martini Racing took over as the second factory-backed team besides Wyer.
Recent developments
In January 2009, Porsche SE became the largest shareholder of Volkswagen AG, and in March 2011, Porsche SE as well as the Porsche and Piëch families sold the ownership in the Austrian company, which had been reorganized into Porsche Holding GmbH (Porsche Holding Salzburg), to Volkswagen AG.
Today, Porsche Holding Salzburg is the largest car distributor in Europe, representing Volkswagen Group brands, including Porsche, in wholesale (as importer), retail (through its dealers), and in the after-sales business (service) in 21 countries in Europe, as well as in South America and in China.
See also
Porsche (disambiguation)
References
Porsche
Porsche in motorsport
Companies based in Salzburg
KNVE may refer to:
KNVE (FM), a radio station (91.3 FM) licensed to serve Redding, California, United States
KKLP, a radio station (91.1 FM) licensed to serve Perris, California, which held the call sign KNVE from 2015 to 2017
The ruby-crowned tanager (Tachyphonus coronatus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae found in the southern areas of Brazil and the Atlantic Forest.
Description
The ruby-crowned tanager is a small bird, 16 centimeters or 6 inches long, weighing from 26 to 33 grams. Males are shining black with concealed red crests on the front of their head that they rarely raise, usually when excited, and white wingpits that are visible only when flying. Females are light brown, with slight black streaking under the throat and darker wings. Both sexes possess conical bills and black legs and feet.
Distribution and habitat
Ruby-crowned tanagers have a large range, occupying most of southern Brazil, eastern Paraguay and the Misiones Province of Argentina. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
Diet
Ruby-crowned tanagers eat lots of fruit and insects, as well as seeds. They sometimes pursue swarms of army ants to find food, and will come to feeding stations with fruit.
Behavior
Ruby-crowned tanagers live in pairs, but can also be seen in slightly larger flocks or alone. They are active, and will quickly move from one fruit tree to another in search of food.
References
ruby-crowned tanager
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
ruby-crowned tanager
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The sooty grassquit (Asemospiza fuliginosa) is a small bird. It is recognized as a tanager closely related to Darwins finches.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Guyana, Paraguay, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
sooty grassquit
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of the Caribbean
sooty grassquit
Taxa named by Prince Maximilian of Wied-Neuwied
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Count Karl Ferdinand von Königsegg-Erps (November 1, 1696 - Vienna, December 20, 1759) was an administrator and diplomat in Habsburg service.
Biography
They were the firstborn son of Imperial Chamberlain Count Albert zu Königsegg-Rothenfels and Countess Maria von Manderscheid-Blankenheim. They were raised for the clergy and became a canon in Strasbourg, but resigned this office in 1718 to become Imperial Chamberlain. In 1720 they married Countess Hélène van Erps-Boisschot, granddaughter of Ferdinand de Boisschot, after which they took the name Königsegg-Erps. From this marriage came two daughters and a son, of which only the eldest daughter survived their father.
Count Karl Ferdinand was the elder brother of Maximilian Friedrich von Königsegg-Rothenfels, Elector and Archbishop of Cologne. Their uncle, Count Dominik von Königsegg-Rothenfels, then Imperial Ambassador to Paris, brought them into the diplomacy as their secretary. From 1725 to 1728 they were a Extraordinary Envoy in The Hague, afterwards they were appointed to Paris and Madrid, after which they were summoned to Brussels in the early 1730s.
From 1740 they were a Geheim Rat counselor and vice-chairperson of the Supreme Court of the Austrian Netherlands. In 1742 they became Obersthofmeister at the court of governor Maria Anna of Austria and finally, as Minister Plenipotentiary, the highest administrator of the Austrian Netherlands between 1743 and 1744.
After the death of Archduchess Maria Anna, they returned to Vienna to become Obersthofmeister at the court of Empress Dowager Elisabeth Christine. In 1748 they became chairperson of an institution responsible for munitions and mining, a council responsible for the administration of the Banat and the Illyrian areas and then chairperson of the Court of Appeal.
In 1744 they were admitted to the Order of the Golden Fleece.
During their lifetime, Königsegg-Erps was highly respected. Contemporaries describe them as a diligent civil servant.
Sources
ADB
the article in the German Wikipedia, Karl Ferdinand von Königsegg.''
1696 births
1759 deaths
Governors of the Habsburg Netherlands
18th-century German people
Diplomats of the Habsburg Monarchy
Knights of the Golden Fleece
Kerri Colby is the stage name of Elyse Alessandra Anderson, a drag performer most known for competing and placing ninth on season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race. Kerri Colby is based in Los Angeles, California, and they are the drag daughter of well-known drag artist Sasha Colby.
Early life
Anderson was born in Dallas, Texas. They were raised in a Pentecostal household. They stated that they have never fit in with those beliefs, and after watching the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, they learned about drag. They left home at 15, and they have stated the reasoning for leaving is the toxic environment that their family created for them They couch-surfed and found friends to take care of them after leaving home. They have stated that many of the people taking care of them were much older, and it led to abusive situations.
One day when Kerri was resting at a train station, a stranger recognized them from their posts on both Instagram and online and offered to help. Kerri told them that unless they helped with their homelessness, they could not help. This person then took Kerri in until they were eighteen. Kerri has stated in an interview, "[My friend was] completely my angel... I would not have made it."
Career
They competed on season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race. On episode 4, they landed in the bottom and lip-synced against Alyssa Hunter to Jennifer Lopez's song, "Play". On episode 8, they landed in the bottom again with Jasmine Kennedie, and lost the lip sync to "Un-Break My Heart" by Toni Braxton.
They were a featured performer during Jennifer Lopez's performance at the 2022 iHeartRadio Music Awards. In May, their nomination was announced at the 2022 WOWIE Awards as part of RuPaul's DragCon in Los Angeles in the category Best Viral Moment (The America's Next Top Meme Award), shared with drag queens Daya Betty and Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté.
In 2022, Colby appeared in an advertising campaign for cannabis beverage brand Cann, alongside fellow season 14 contestants Willow Pill, Jorgeous, and Kornbread, as well as other LGBTQ+ celebrities including Hayley Kiyoko and Gus Kenworthy. During press for the Cann campaign, Colby shared that they worked at a dispensary before appearing on Drag Race.
Personal life
Kerri Colby is a trans woman and is noted for guiding fellow Drag Race contestant Kornbread Jeté with their transition as well. They have also helped inspire Jasmine Kennedie to come out as a trans woman on an episode of Untucked on season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race. Bosco has also cited Kerri Colby as a source of "clarity" in their transition, which they announced after season 14 wrapped filming.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
African-American drag queens
American drag queens
LGBT people from Texas
People from Dallas
People from Los Angeles
RuPaul's Drag Race contestants
Transgender women
Transgender drag performers
1996 births
Kenya competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
The Team
The team's Chef de Mission was Maina Kamau. The Kenyan sportspeople delegation scheduled to compete was 24 strong, with 19 athletes and 5 guides.
Kenya National Paralympic Committee
There were allegations of corruption inside the Kenya National Paralympic Committee by the Nairobi News and Daily Nation in regards to the size and selection of people to go as part of the Kenyan delegation to Rio.
Funding and support
Kenya's Paralympic campaign had funding issues, which made it difficult for its sportspeople to attend world championship events as part of their Rio qualifying efforts. Overall issues with lack of funding led to questions by the country's NPC if the country could end up missing the 2016 Paralympics entirely because sportspeople cannot attend important qualifying events. If they missed the Games, it would be the first time the country missed them since they boycotted the 1976 Paralympics in Toronto.
The government had budgeted US$1.2 million/Sh130mn to send the team to Rio. Safaricom sponsored the team by providing Sh5mn to assist in costs to compete.
Medals
Kenya finished sixth among all African countries on the gold medal table. They won 3, along with 1 silver and 2 bronze medals to finish with 6 total medals.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Kenyan athletes had to miss the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships in Doha, Qatar because of a lack of funding, caused by the government failing to release funds on time. The funds of Sh8 million for 19 athletes had been approved by the government prior to the team heading to the African Games in Brazzaville, Congo in September. The government said they had no money to pay for participation as the government was broke. None of the Kenyan athletes going to the World Championships had yet qualified for Rio. Kenyan athletes had qualified for the World Championships after their performance at the 2015 African Championships in Tunisia. At that event, the Kenyan squad won four gold, four silver and three bronze medals. Kenyan athletes had also missed the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships as a result of funding issues. Athletes impacted by the lack of funding and being unable to attend the 2015 World Championships included 1500m T11 world record holder Samuel Muchai. The Kenyan NPC hopes they can get wild card draws in athletics that will allow the club to send track and field competitors to Rio.
Kenya was scheduled to send 19 athletes to compete at the Rio Games. The delegation was also scheduled to include 10 guides and 16 other officials. Three of the spots for Kenya were wildcards. Most of the members who qualified for Rio did so at an IPC Athletics competition in Marrakech, Morocco.
The athletics team included Henry Kirwa. They competed at the 2008 and 2012 Games, and had also been a United Nations named Kenyan of the Year. Kirwa won bronze in Rio in the 1,500 metres event.
Nelly Nasimiyu was also part of the delegation. Scheduled to compete in the T12 1500m event, they had a wildcard invitation to Rio. Other team members included Samuel Muchai, Henry Kirwa, Wilson Bii, Erick Sang, Nancy Chelagat and Henry Sugi. Kenya had originally nominated 28 athletes to participate in athletics, but the IPC only accepted 19.
Powerlifting
Gabriel Magu was given a wild card invitation to participate in powerlifting in Rio.
Rowing
Rowing made a commitment to developing the sport in Africa, with three countries getting four totals bearths to the Rio Games: Kenya, Zimbabwe and South Africa. Only the South African boat in the LTAMix4+ made it through to the finals.
Kenya was scheduled to compete in rowing in Rio. It was the first time the country was to participate in the sport at the Paralympic level.
Swimming
Lack of government funding to support Paralympic support threatened Kenyan participation at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships.
See also
Kenya at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Kenyan sport
William Roger Graham is an American retired football player who played safety for six seasons for the Detroit Lions in the National Football League.
Career
Collegiate
William Graham played defensive back for the Texas Longhorns from 1979 to 1981. In 11 games in 1980, they recorded four interceptions. In 11 games in 1981 they recorded seven more, tying the school record, leading the Southwest Conference and tied for third in the nation. Their 11 career interceptions was fourth all-time at Texas.
Professional
Graham was drafted in the fifth round by the Detroit Lions in the 1982 NFL Draft. They played in seven games their rookie season, then fourteen (all but the first two, and all as a starter) in 1983 during which they recovered three fumbles as a free safety. In 1984, they started 13 of 14 games (missing two in late October due to an injury), recorded their first career interception in a Thanksgiving victory over Green Bay in week 13, and two more interceptions off former Lions quarterback Greg Landry in a season-finale loss to the Chicago Bears. In 1985, Graham started in all 16 games for the only time in their career. They again recorded three interceptions (including two in a week-11 victory over the Minnesota Vikings) and their only career sack. In 1987, Graham was no longer a starter, though they appeared in all 16 games and was used occasionally as a kickoff returner (three returns for 72 yards). They appeared in just two games in 1988, and was released at the end of the season.  They are one of 16 players in Lions history with two or more multiple-interception games.
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Silsbee, Texas
American football safeties
Texas Longhorns football players
Detroit Lions players
The 2012–13 León season was the 66th professional season of Mexico's top-flight football league. The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams. Tijuana began their season on July 21, 2012 against Querétaro, León played their most home games on Saturday at 8:06pm local time. This was León first season in Mexican top-flight league since the Verano 2002 after defeating Correcaminos UAT in the promotion final. León qualified third to the final phase and was eliminated by Tijuana in the semi-finals, León did not qualify to the final phase in the Clausura tournament.
Torneo Apertura
Squad
Regular season
Apertura 2012 results
Final phase
León advanced 4–2 on aggregate
Tijuana advanced 3–2 on aggregate
Goalscorers
Regular season
Source:
Final Phase
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Copa MX
Group stage
Apertura results
Goalscorers
Results
Results by round
Torneo Clausura
Squad
Regular season
Clausura 2013 results
León did not qualify to the Final Phase
Goalscorers
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Copa Libertadores
First stage
Iquique advanced on penalties.
Goalscorers
References
Club León
Mexican football clubs 2012–13 season
Lunatia is a genus of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.
The species in this genus have been brought in synonymy mostly with Euspira
Torigoe & Inaba (2011) provided a rather arbitrary assignment of species to respectively Euspira and Lunatia and this has been at one time uploaded in the WoRMS classification. However this is not based on any in-depth phylogenetic analysis and has proved inconsistent when some closely related European species (e.g. Euspira guillemini, E. macilenta) were then not congeneric. Until a substantiated phylogenetic hypothesis is published for the group, Lunatia is here considered a junior subjective synonym of Euspira and all the species accepted under Euspira, following in this Marincowich (1977), Kabat (1991) and the Malacolog database.
Species
Species within the genus Lunatia include:
Lunatia abyssicola (E.A. Smith, 1896): synonym of Euspira abyssicola (E. A. Smith, 1896)
Lunatia agujana (Dall, 1908): synonym of Euspira agujana (Dall, 1908)
Lunatia alderi (Forbes, 1838): synonym of Euspira pulchella (Risso, 1826)
Lunatia bransfieldensis Preston, 1916: synonym of Amauropsis bransfieldensis (Preston, 1916)
Lunatia catena (da Costa, 1778): synonym of Euspira catena (da Costa, 1778)
Lunatia choshiensis Tiba, 1985: synonym of ''Euspira pallida (Broderip & G.B. Sowerby I, 1829)
Lunatia crawfordiana (Dall, 1908): synonym of Euspira crawfordiana (Dall, 1908)
Lunatia draconis Dall, 1903: synonym of Glossaulax draconis (Dall, 1903)
Lunatia fringilla (Dall, 1881): synonym of Euspira fringilla (Dall, 1881)
Lunatia fusca (Blainville, 1825): synonym of Euspira fusca (Blainville, 1825)
Lunatia gilva (Philippi, 1851): synonym of Laguncula pulchella Benson, 1842
Lunatia grossularia (Marche-Marchad, 1957): synonym of Euspira grossularia (Marche-Marchad, 1957)
Lunatia guilleminii (Payraudeau, 1826): synonym of Euspira guilleminii (Payraudeau, 1826)
Lunatia heros (Say, 1822): synonym of Euspira heros (Say, 1822)
Lunatia intermedia (Philippi, 1836): synonym of Euspira nitida (Donovan, 1804)
Lunatia levicula (A. E. Verrill, 1880): synonym of Euspira levicula (A. E. Verrill, 1880)
Lunatia lewisii (Gould, 1847): synonym of Neverita lewisii (Gould, 1847)
Lunatia litorina (Dall, 1908): synonym of Euspira litorina (Dall, 1908)
Lunatia macilenta (Philippi, 1844): synonym of Euspira macilenta (Philippi, 1844)
Lunatia monilifera (Lamarck, 1822): synonym of Euspira catena (da Costa, 1778)
Lunatia montagui (Forbes, 1838): synonym of Euspira montagui (Forbes, 1838)
Lunatia monterona (Dall, 1919): synonym of Euspira monterona Dall, 1919
Lunatia nitidia auct. non Donovan, 1800: synonym of Euspira nitida (Donovan, 1804)
Lunatia nux Okutani, 1964: synonym of Euspira nux (Okutani, 1964)
Lunatia pallida (Broderip & G.B. Sowerby I, 1829): synonym of Euspira pallida (Broderip & Sowerby, 1829)
Lunatia pardoana (Dall, 1908): synonym of Euspira pardoana (Dall, 1908)
Lunatia pila (Pilsbry, 1911): synonym of Euspira pila (Pilsbry, 1911)
Lunatia plicispira Kuroda, 1961: synonym of Euspira plicispira (Kuroda, 1961)
Lunatia poliana (Della Chiaje, 1826): synonym of Euspira pulchella (Risso, 1826)
Lunatia sordida (Philippi, 1844): synonym of Euspira fusca (Blainville, 1825)
Lunatia tenuis (Récluz, 1851): synonym of Euspira tenuis (Récluz, 1851)
Lunatia tenuistriata (Dautzenberg & H. Fischer, 1911): synonym of Euspira tenuistriata (Dautzenberg & H. Fischer, 1911)
Lunatia triseriata (Say, 1826): synonym of Euspira triseriata (Say, 1826)
Lunatia yokoyamai (Kuroda & Habe, 1952): synonym of Euspira yokoyamai (Kuroda & Habe, 1952)
References
Backeljau, T. (1986). Lijst van de recente mariene mollusken van België [List of the recent marine molluscs of Belgium]. Koninklijk Belgisch Instituut voor Natuurwetenschappen: Brussels, Belgium. 106 pp.
Vaught, K.C. (1989). A classification of the living Mollusca''. American Malacologists: Melbourne, FL (USA). . XII, 195 pp.
External links
Kabat A. R. (1991). The classification of the Naticidae (Mollusca Gastropoda). Review and analysis of the supraspecific taxa. Bulletin of the Museum of Comparative Zoology 152: 417-449
Naticidae
Ozrem is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 343 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Al Seej (; also spelled Al Seeq) is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
In the 2015 census, it was listed as a district of Zone 51 which has a population of 56,027 and also includes Izghawa, Gharrafat Al Rayyan, Al Gharrafa, Rawdat Egdaim, Bani Hajer and Al Themaid.
It borders Bani Hajer to the east, Al Wajbah to the south, Rawdat Al Jahanniya to the west, and Rawdat Egdaim to the north.
Etymology
The district's name has its origins in the Arabic "saq", which refers to a tree trunk. As the area is situated in a rawda, it accommodated various flora, among which Ziziphus nummularia, locally known as "sidr", was most valued because of the use of its trunks as building material.
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
The 2020 United States presidential election in Illinois was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Illinois voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump of Florida, and their running mate, Vice President Mike Pence of Indiana, against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden of Delaware, and their running mate, Senator Kamala Harris of California. Illinois has 20 votes in the Electoral College. Prior to the 2020 election, all news organizations predicted Illinois was a state that Biden would win, or otherwise considered a safe blue state.
Biden carried the Prairie State, winning 57.54% of the vote to Trump's 40.55%, winning by roughly the same 17-point margin by which Hillary Clinton carried the state in 2016. Libertarian nominee Jo Jorgensen, a native of Grayslake, won 1.1% of the state's vote, with other minor candidates winning less than 1%. Biden's win in Illinois was largely the result of a lopsided 74.3% victory in Cook County, the state's most populous county and home of Chicago. Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Biden's strength came from a coalition of key Democratic constituencies: they garnered 92% of votes from Blacks; 68% from Latinos, including 67% of Latinos of Mexican heritage; 53% from union households; and 50% of Whites. Biden flipped McLean County (Bloomington-Normal) and Kendall County (in the Chicago metropolitan area), both of which had voted for Barack Obama in 2008 but then for Mitt Romney in 2012 and Trump in 2016. Biden became the first Democrat since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1944 to be elected president without winning formerly Democratic leaning Alexander County, solidifying its rural shift towards Republicans in elections; they also became the first to do so without carrying Fulton, Henderson, Henry, Knox, Mercer, Putnam, Warren, or Whiteside Counties since Jimmy Carter in 1976, as well as the first to do so without carrying Jo Daviess or Carroll Counties since Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1996, respectively.
Illinois was one of five states in the nation in which Biden's victory margin was larger than 1 million raw votes, the others being California, Maryland, Massachusetts and New York.
Primary elections
Illinois held its primary elections as scheduled, despite concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. Election officials in Illinois acknowledged that they believed turnout was unusually low.
In the state-run primaries (Democratic and Republican), turnout was 28.36%, with 2,279,439 votes cast. The 28.36% turnout marked an 18.2 percentage point decrease from the turnout in the 2016 state-run presidential primaries, but a similar turnout to the 2000, 2004, and 2012 presidential primaries.
The state-run primary elections for the Democratic and Republican parties were held on March 17, 2020. The Green Party had organized its own primary on March 14, 2020.
Democratic primary
The 2020 Illinois Democratic presidential primary was held on March 17, 2020, as one of the Democratic Party's state primaries ahead of the 2020 presidential election. Major candidates included Joe Biden and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
Republican primary
The 2020 Illinois Republican presidential primary was held on March 17, 2020, in the U.S. state of Illinois as one of the Republican Party's state primaries ahead of the 2020 presidential election.
Incumbent president Donald Trump won the primary with over 96 percent of the vote. Joe Walsh, a former member of the House of Representatives from Illinois, announced the launch of their campaign in August 2019 and dropped out in February 2020. Rocky De La Fuente, a business person from California, also challenged Trump, achieving 4% of the vote. Richard Mayers, a 2016 Green Party candidate, was a write-in candidate here.
Green
The 2020 Illinois Green Party presidential primary was held from March 14, 2020, in the U.S. state of Illinois as one of the Green Party's state primaries ahead of the 2020 presidential election. It was run by the Green Party of Illinois.
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Results
The election was not close with Biden winning by a nearly 17-point margin. Biden only won 14 of the state's 102 counties; however, those 14 counties account for more than half the state's total electorate. Key to Biden's landslide victory was heavily populated Cook County, home of Chicago, which they won with over 74% of the vote. Biden also did well in the suburban (collar) counties of Chicago, winning all of them easily except for McHenry County. Biden also did well in St. Clair County, home of East St. Louis. Biden also managed to flip two counties, Kendall County and McLean County. Biden also made history by earning the most votes ever cast in an Illinois presidential election. Biden received 3,471,915 votes. This is more than then-Senator Obama in 2008 when they received 3,419,348, but less than Senator Dick Durbin's 3,615,844 votes in the 2008 Senate race.
On December 14, Illinois's 20 electors met in the Illinois State Capitol to cast their votes for Biden and Harris formally.
By county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
McLean (the largest municipality: Bloomington)
Kendall (the largest municipality: Oswego)
By congressional district
Biden won 12 of the 18 congressional districts, Trump won 6 including one that elected a Democrat.
See also
United States presidential elections in Illinois
2020 Illinois elections
Illinois Fair Tax (2020 ballot referendum)
2020 United States elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Illinois
2020
Presidential
The 1966–67 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 56th since its establishment.
League table
References
1966–67 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
7th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1793, the 7th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 7th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1890 Nova Scotia general election, the 29th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 30th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 7th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
Test track may refer to:
Test Track, a slot car attraction in Future World at Walt Disney World Resort's Epcot in Orlando, Florida
Lego Technic Test Track, a rollercoaster
TestTrack, computer software for managing requirements, defects, issues and testing activity
Railway test track
SpaceX Hypertube test track
See also
Proving ground
TrackTest
Joel Bertoti Padilha ( Joel; born July 24, 1980 in Torres, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil), more commonly known as Joel, is a Brazilian football defender who last played for Rangers in the Hong Kong First Division League.
Career
Wofoo Tai Po (2006-2009)
Joel joined Wofoo Tai Po (Tai Po FC) in September 2006. They established themselves as an important first team player immediately and scored a debut goal(The first home game of Wofoo Tai Po, against South China). They became an immediate solution of the team's weakness in defending header and also added a lot of quality in attacking. Besides their passing and run from deep position ability, Joel's attacking header and free kick skills made them the top scorer of the team with 6 goals in 2006/2007, along with striker Christian Annan.
Joel changed their jersey number from 28 to 6 in season 2007/2008, which they scored 7 times and became the third top scorer in the team, and the top scoring defender among the Hong Kong First Division League.
South China AA
Joel joined South China at the beginning of the 2010 season. On 18 December 2011, they scored two goals, one with a header and the other with a penalty kick, to inflict the first defeat of Kitchee's league season. In January 2012, they were named the Most Valuable Player in the 2011-12 Hong Kong First Division League for December 2011 by the Hong Kong Sports Press Association.
References
External links
Joel Bertoti Padilha at HKFA
CBF Database
1980 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul players
Tai Po FC players
China League One player
Guangdong Sunray Cave players
Hong Kong Rangers FC players
Hong Kong First Division League players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in China
Hong Kong League XI representative players
Telford is an unincorporated community in Lincoln County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
A post office called Telford was established in 1909, and remained in operation until 1917. The community was named after M. A. Telford, a local cattleman.
References
Unincorporated communities in Lincoln County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
Anna L. Cunningham may refer to:
Pen names for Ada Langworthy Collier
Pen names for Ruth Crowley and then Eppie Lederer
Sir Bevil Granville (3 May 1665 – 15 September 1706) was an English soldier and politician from Cornwall, who was MP for Fowey and Lostwithiel from 1690 to 1698. They also served as Governor of Pendennis Castle from 1693 to 1703 and Governor of Barbados from 1703 to 1706, and died at sea on their return voyage to England in September 1706.
Personal details
Bevil Granville was born in London and baptised on 3 May 1665 at St Martin-in-the-Fields, the eldest son of Bernard Granville (1631–1701) and their wife Anne Morley (died 1701). Their grandfather was the Royalist hero Sir Bevil Grenville (1596–1643) who died at the Battle of Lansdowne, while their father was Groom of the Chamber to Charles II and MP for various constituencies from 1661 to 1698.
They had two brothers, George (1666–1735), Secretary at War in the 1710 to 1712 Tory government, and Bernard (1670–1723); both were suspected of Jacobitism after George I became king in 1714 and lost office as a result. Bevil never married and left their entire estate to their brother George.
Career
After graduating from Trinity College, Cambridge in 1679, they spent several years in Paris, before returning to England. In June 1685, they were commissioned as captain in a regiment raised by their uncle, the Earl of Bath, part of an expansion of the military by James II following the Monmouth Rebellion.
Knighted by James in 1686, they were promoted major in 1687 and in August 1688 their regiment was sent to garrison Plymouth, a key strategic port in the West Country. Their uncle, who was Governor of the town, defected to William of Orange after their landing at Torbay during the November 1688 Glorious Revolution, while Granville was sent to secure Jersey.
In March 1690, they were elected MP for Lostwithiel, a borough controlled by their uncle, although they spent little time in the House of Commons. By now a Lieutenant Colonel, their regiment was transferred to Ostend at the end of 1691 to serve in the Nine Years War and suffered heavy casualties at Steenkerque in August 1692. They replaced the Earl of Bath as colonel of the regiment in October 1693, and returned to England in December, having transferred operational command to Sidney Godolphin.
During the Siege of Namur in June 1695, they fought a duel with the Marquis de Rade, a French Huguenot exile and Colonel of the 6th Foot, who died of wounds shortly afterwards. In November 1695, they were elected MP for Fowey, another borough controlled by the Earl of Bath. Their regiment returned to England in early 1696 due to fears of a Jacobite invasion, and in a demonstration of their perceived reliability, on 21 March they were appointed Governor of Pendennis Castle in Cornwall. Although the invasion failed to materialise, they and their regiment remained in England until the war ended with the 1697 Peace of Ryswick.
Re-elected for Fowey in August 1698, at the next election in January 1701 they stepped down in favour of their cousin John Granville. When the War of the Spanish Succession began in July, their regiment was posted to Flanders; Granville did not accompany it, having been appointed Governor of Barbados in May 1702, with a salary of £2,000 per annum. This meant they would have to relinquish Pendennis Castle, ownership of their regiment and their army rank, which led to a complex series of negotiations and delayed their departure until March 1703. In the end, they sold their regiment to William North, 6th Baron North in January, , Marlborough approved their promotion to Brigadier general and their brother George replaced them as Governor of Pendennis Castle.
Accompanied by their youngest brother Bernard, Granville reached Barbados in June, but their time there was marked by poor health and struggles with the Parliament of Barbados. A colonial governorship provided many opportunities for personal enrichment and the settlers began complaining to Parliament of their "tyranny and extortion". Although "honourably acquitted" at a hearing on 20 July 1705, Granville asked Marlborough to approve their recall, which they did; on 15 September 1706, they died of fever on board the ship bringing them home.
Notes
References
Sources
|-
1665 births
1706 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Barbadian political people
17th-century English people
18th-century English people
Bevil
Knights Bachelor
Royal Lincolnshire Regiment officers
Governors of Barbados
Krzysztof Komarzewski (born 16 September 1998) is a Polish handball player for Wisła Płock and the Polish national team.
Career
National team
They made their debut for the national team on January 3, 2019, in a friendly match against Belarus (28:30). They threw their first five goals on January 5, 2019, in a match against Saudi Arabia (28:19).
References
1998 births
Living people
Polish male handball players
Wisła Płock (handball) players
Jinshajiang Road () is an interchange station on Lines 3, 4, and 13 of the Shanghai Metro. It is located in Putuo District, Shanghai and is one of the stations where Lines 3 and 4 share tracks.
The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to , and Line 4 service began here on the final day of 2005. On 30 December 2012, the Line 13 portion of the Jinshajiang Road station began its test runs, providing service westbound towards . Although service did not include mobile or Wi-Fi signals, the metro did provide service from this station to five stations in Jiading District, including Line 13's initial northern terminus, .
The station served as the eastern terminus of Line 13 until the opening of the eastern extension to Changshou Road on 28 December 2014.
During the 2021 Shanghai People's Congress deputies suggested changing the station name to East China Normal University. The naming the station Jinshajiang Road isn't ideal because none of its exits is on Jinshajiang Road and people might confuse it with the West Jinshajiang Road Station on Line 13.
Location
The station is next to the Global Harbor shopping mall, which opened on 5 July 2013. It is attached directly to the mall underground. The station is also near East China Normal University's Putuo campus.
Gallery
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Putuo District
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Line 4, Shanghai Metro
Line 13, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
Touro University California is a private graduate school focused primarily on health professions and located on Mare Island in Vallejo, California. It is part of the Touro College and University System and is jointly administered with its sister campus Touro University Nevada.
The university was founded in 1997 and was originally established in San Francisco as an independent, Jewish-sponsored institution, but relocated to Vallejo. Today, the university confers degrees in graduate studies of various disciplines including education, osteopathic medicine, pharmacy, physician assistant studies, nursing, and public health. The school's campus consists of and 23 buildings of the former Mare Island naval base located east of the San Pablo Bay. Although sponsored by a Jewish organization, the school has a diverse student body of about 1,400 students as well as 100 faculty members.
History
Established in 1997, Touro University California was originally located in San Francisco with its inaugural class composed of 67 students. In 1999, officials decided to relocate to the southern area of Mare Island due to its large capacity and restored two naval quarters buildings originally built in the 1930s and had the lease option to renovate ten other buildings intended to become diagnostic and research laboratories. Touro University California's main buildings are Farragut Inn, named in honor of Commander David G. Farragut, Wilderman Hall in honor of Commander Alvin Wilderman, and Lander Hall named in honor of Dr. Bernard Lander, the founder of the Touro College system. After Western University of Health Sciences' College of Osteopathic Medicine of the Pacific received accreditation in 1982, Touro University California's College of Osteopathic Medicine became the second osteopathic medical school program to open in the state of California.
Academics
The colleges of Touro University California include the College of Osteopathic Medicine which offers the Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O.) degree, the College of Pharmacy which offers the degree of Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D.), the College of Education and Health Studies which offers three types of degrees, including a Master of Arts in Education, a Physician Assistant degree currently offered as a dual degree (MSPAS/MPH), and a Master of Public Health (M.P.H.) degree. Additionally, students may pursue dual degrees such as D.O./M.P.H. or Pharm.D./M.P.H. Since 2010, Touro University California has offered the Master of Science in Medical Health Science degree (MSMHS) which provides specific training towards the preparation for the College of Osteopathic Medicine. In contrast, the Master of Science in Medical Health Sciences degree with emphasis in research in pharmaceutical sciences is now offered with the aim of preparing students for the College of Pharmacy. Tuition for full-time students in 2012 was $43,090. The World Directory of Medical Schools lists the College of Osteopathic Medicine as a US medical school along with other accredited US M.D. and D.O. programs.
Research
Faculty members of Touro University California's Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine and Pharmacy specialize in a wide range of basic and applied research in fields including: aging, anatomy and clinical imaging, cognitive aging, diabetes, immunology, infectious diseases, ion channels, longevity, neuroscience, metabolism/nutrition, and vaccine research. Touro University California has established research partnerships with University of California, San Francisco, University of California, Davis, University of California, Berkeley, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Showa University, and University of São Paulo. Research at Touro University California is funded by the American Diabetes Association, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, and the National Institutes of Health.
Accreditation
Student life
Touro University California also sponsors the Touro Student-Run Free Clinic, an interprofessional free clinic organized and staffed by student volunteers. The student-run free clinic was designed to improve access to healthcare for low-income Vallejo residents and to further improve the clinical skills of Touro University California students. A licensed clinician provides direct, on-site supervision. Touro University California students also volunteer at the Suitcase Clinic in Berkeley, California, a clinic that offers free health and social services to the underserved of the area. The College of Osteopathic Medicine hosts an active chapter of Sigma Sigma Phi, a national Osteopathic Medicine Honors Fraternity that emphasizes community service and scholastic achievement.
Each year, Touro University California hosts the Teen Life Conference to educate Vallejo high school students on matters of health with lectures, health screenings, informational booths, and interactive physical fitness activities to foster student participation.
Touro University Rainbow Health Coalition
Touro University Rainbow Health Coalition is a group of students, faculty, and staff who promote health equity for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, and intersex, (LGBTQI) people at Touro University California. The group was formally recognized by the Student Government of Touro in September 2002 as the Touro University Gay-Straight Alliance (TUGSA) and has been a University sanctioned club since that time. The Rainbow Health Coalition is deeply committed to preparing each new class from the College of Medicine to be prepared to provide high quality healthcare services for patients of all genders and identities while recognizing and celebrating the unique needs of the community.
Notable faculty
Walter Hartwig
Jean-Marc Schwarz
See also
Medical schools in California
References
External links
Schools accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges
Touro University California
Osteopathic medical schools in the United States
Pharmacy schools in California
Schools of public health in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1997
Medical schools in California
Mare Island
Schools in Vallejo, California
1997 establishments in California
Private universities and colleges in California
Tihosuco is a town in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo, Mexico, localized in state center, in the municipality of Felipe Carrillo Puerto. The population was 4,994 inhabitants at the 2010 census.
References
Populated places in Quintana Roo
Mount Decoeli is a pyramidal peak located in the Kluane Ranges of the Saint Elias Mountains in Yukon, Canada. The mountain is situated northwest of Haines Junction, east of Mount Cairnes, and can be seen from the Alaska Highway midway between the two. Its nearest higher peak is Mount Archibald, to the south. The mountain's name was officially adopted August 12, 1980, by the Geographical Names Board of Canada. James J. McArthur was a Canadian surveyor and mountaineer who undertook extensive surveying in the Yukon during their later years. In 1908 they made the first ascent of Williams Peak accompanied by Edmond Treau de Coeli (1873–1963). Decoeli is pronounced deh-coh-lie. To the Southern Tutchone people, the mountain is known as Nàday Gän, meaning Dried Lynx Mountain.
Climbing the peak is a long strenuous day hike of elevation gain over a distance of round trip, with a scramble via the south face and south ridge. On a clear day, the summit offers views into Kluane National Park of giants such as Mt. Logan, Mt. Vancouver, and Mt. Kennedy. A repeater is installed at the summit.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Decoeli is located in a subarctic climate zone with long, cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. The annual average temperature in the neighborhood is -6 ° C. The warmest month is July, when the average temperature is 8 °C, and the coldest is December when temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. Precipitation runoff from the peak and meltwater from its rock glacier drains into tributaries of the Kaskawulsh River.
See also
List of mountains of Canada
Geography of Yukon
References
External links
Mount Decoeli photo: Flickr
Parks Canada: Climbing route Mt. Decoeli
Weather forecast: Mount Decoeli
Views from the peak: adventuresoflupe.com
Two-thousanders of Yukon
Saint Elias Mountains
A Children's Bible is a climate fiction novel by Lydia Millet that documents the experience of a group of children in the face of climate change as their parents fail to respond to a climate-charged hurricane. It was their 13th novel.
Plot
Context
Eve, the novel's narrator, belongs to a group of children staying at a large, rented estate with their parents for the summer. The children, mostly disgusted by their parents' hedonistic behavior, spend most of their time on the property of the estate, until a hurricane interrupts their activities. The parents are never named, and the book filters their activities through the perception of Eve and the other children.
Development and writing
Millet has said that the novel does not take place in an "alternate world, simply this one" and believes that words such as apocalyptic or dystopian used to describe the book apply equally to contemporary life. Millet enjoyed writing the book.
Reception
Critical reception
According to literary review aggregator bookmarks, the novel received mostly favorable reviews.
The New York Times book review called the book a "potent allegory". The Wall Street Journal review of the novel focuses on how the novel has humor in the face of a grim plot. Time listed the novel as one of the 100 Must-Read Books of 2020. Jonathan Dee, in the same New York Times review, compared the novel's setting to that of Susan Minot's book Monkeys.
Honors
The novel was shortlisted for the 2020 National Book Award for Fiction. It was included on the list published by the New York Times of the best books of 2020.
References
2020 American novels
Climate change in fiction
Novels set in the United States
W. W. Norton & Company books
Novels set in Pennsylvania
Novels set in New York (state)
MC++ may refer to:
Managed Extensions for C++ a Microsoft version of c++ in which native code can be mixed with CLI code.
Doloplazy may refer to places in the Czech Republic:
Doloplazy (Olomouc District), a municipality and village in the Olomouc Region
Doloplazy (Prostějov District), a municipality and village in the Olomouc Region
Doloplazy, a hamlet and part of Neveklov in the Central Bohemian Region
The rufous-tailed shama (Copsychus pyrropygus) is a species of passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. It is found in extreme southern Thailand, Malaysia, Sumatra, and Borneo, where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps. It is threatened by habitat loss.
This species was formerly placed in the monotypic genus Trichixos but was moved to Copsychus based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2010.
References
rufous-tailed shama
Birds of Malesia
rufous-tailed shama
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The 2010 New York gubernatorial election was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010. Incumbent Democratic Governor David Paterson, elected as lieutenant governor in 2006 as the running mate of Eliot Spitzer, chose not to run for a full term. Democratic New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo defeated Republican Carl Paladino to become the next governor of New York.
As of 2022, this is the last election that Erie County voted for a Republican gubernatorial candidate, as well as the last time that a Democrat won over 60% of the vote in a gubernatorial election.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Nominee
Andrew Cuomo, Attorney General of New York.
Withdrew
David Paterson, incumbent Governor of New York (withdrew February 26, 2010)
Failed to qualify
Jimmy McMillan, founder of the Rent Is Too Damn High Party
Joel Tyner, Dutchess County legislator
Incumbent Democratic Governor David Paterson had announced that they were running for election in 2009. Paterson had been elected lieutenant governor of New York in 2006, and was sworn in as Governor on March 17, 2008. On September 18, 2009, advisors to President Barack Obama informed Paterson that the President believed Paterson should withdraw their gubernatorial candidacy and clear a path for "popular Attorney General Andrew Cuomo" to run. Paterson insisted they were still running, and reiterated their position on February 9, 2010. On February 26, 2010, however, Paterson withdrew their bid for a full term as governor of New York "amid crumbling support from their party and an uproar over their administration's intervention in a domestic violence case involving a close aide".
Democratic New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo was widely rumored to be considering a 2010 gubernatorial bid. Though they had originally denied any interest, this did not stop rampant speculation that Cuomo would change their mind and enter the race. By December, Cuomo had a massive lead over Paterson in the polls, had higher approval and favorability ratings, and decisively beat any Republican challenger in every poll. After over a year of dodging speculation, Cuomo finally announced their candidacy on May 22, 2010 outside the Tweed Courthouse at New York's City Hall.
Dutchess County legislator Joel Tyner ran an unsuccessful petition drive that fell short of the 15,000 signatures necessary to get onto the primary ballot.
Rent Is Too Damn High Party founder Jimmy McMillan filed petitions to appear on the Democratic primary ballot and the Rent Is Too Damn High line. However, they put very little effort into the Democratic petitions, and the vast majority of the 13,350 signatures bearing their name were collected by Randy Credico, who had partnered with McMillan for a joint Democratic petition. Credico had counted on McMillan to collect 10,000 signatures to put their total at over 20,000, above the 15,000 required to get onto the ballot, but McMillan never followed through, leaving both candidates short of the necessary signatures to force a Democratic primary against Cuomo, who was thus unopposed. Credico, in response, called McMillan a "jack-off" and a "sorry ass", accusing them of "working against me", "turn[ing] in a wagonload of blank pages and then [leaving] Albany in brand-new automobiles." McMillan did file the necessary signatures to get onto the "Rent Is 2 Damn High" line; the petitions were technically invalid because they did not include a lieutenant governor candidate, but McMillan was allowed onto the ballot anyway because nobody challenged the petitions.
Polling
Results
Cuomo was unopposed for the Democratic nomination.
Lieutenant Governor
Unelected Lieutenant Governor Richard Ravitch did not seek election in 2010.
Cuomo selected Rochester mayor Bob Duffy as their running mate on May 26, 2010. Other Democrats mentioned as potential candidates include Ramapo town supervisor Christopher St. Lawrence, State Senator Andrea Stewart-Cousins (D-Yonkers), Buffalo mayor Byron Brown, State Senator Darrel Aubertine, and Canandaigua business person Bill Samuels.
Republican primary
Candidates
Nominee
Carl Paladino, Buffalo developer and political activist
Lost nomination
Rick Lazio, former Congressman, 2000 Republican nominee for U.S. Senate, and official party designee
Warren Redlich, attorney and Libertarian Party gubernatorial nominee
Steven A. Levy, Suffolk County executive
Myers Mermel, real estate developer
On September 21, 2009, former Long Island Congressman and 2000 Republican U.S. Senate nominee Rick Lazio declared their 2010 candidacy for governor of New York; Lazio made a formal announcement in Albany, New York the following day. Lazio was the frontrunner for the Republican nomination.
Other potential 2010 Republican gubernatorial candidates included former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and Erie County Executive Chris Collins. In April 2009, a Quinnipiac poll showed Giuliani slightly ahead of incumbent David Paterson. Giuliani stated in June 2009 that they were considering running. In December 2009, Giuliani announced that they would not run and would instead back Lazio. On January 26, 2010, Collins announced that they would not run; they did not endorse Lazio, and instead encouraged the Party to choose someone else.
On March 19, 2010, Steve Levy, the county executive of Suffolk County, announced that they would run for Governor as a Republican. Republican Party Chairman Ed Cox threw their support to Levy.
After Collins passed on the race, activist Rus Thompson persuaded developer Carl Paladino to consider running for Governor. In March 2010, Paladino was strongly considering a run and was said to be willing to spend $10,000,000 of their own money on a campaign. They advised state Republican Party chairperson Edward F. Cox of their intentions. Paladino announced their candidacy on April 5, 2010.
At the June 2010 Republican Convention, Lazio won the support of 59% of the delegates and was designated the Party's candidate for Governor. Levy "received 28 percent [of the vote] on the first ballot, squeaking above the 25 percent threshold needed to force a second vote on their authorization. While they [had] signed a Republican registration form, Levy [remained] an enrolled Democrat. As such, a separate vote authorizing their appearance in a primary was held: Levy garnered the support of 42.66 percent of the delegates, short of the 50 percent required". Paladino received eight percent of the vote, and real estate consultant Myers Mermel received four percent. On July 15, 2010, Paladino mounted a primary challenge against Lazio by filing petitions. They filed enough petitions to be placed on the ballot for the Republican primary.
By September 2010, Lazio and Paladino were nearly tied in the most polls, with Paladino having a significant edge in Upstate New York and Lazio leading heavily in Downstate New York. Paladino was supported heavily by the Tea Party movement. On September 14, 2010, Paladino upset Lazio by a nearly two-to-one margin in the primary.
Polling
Results
Lieutenant Governor
On the Republican side, Lazio endorsed Chautauqua County executive Greg Edwards as their choice for lieutenant governor on May 17, 2010. Tom Ognibene, former minority leader of the New York City Council, was Paladino's running mate. Other Republicans mentioned as potential candidates included Orange County executive Edward A. Diana, Monroe County executive Maggie Brooks, former New York Secretary of State Christopher Jacobs (Steve Levy's preferred running mate, Onondaga County executive Joanie Mahoney, 2006 lieutenant governor candidate C. Scott Vanderhoef (who instead ran for State Senate), and Myers Mermel (who later opted to run for overnor instead. Edwards narrowly defeated Tom Ognibene, creating a split ticket in which Lazio's preferred running mate became Paladino's running mate in the general election.
Independents and third parties
Conservative Party
Lazio received the endorsement of the Conservative Party's executive committee in March 2010, with 14 party chairs in favor, four backing Steve Levy, and one (Erie County's Ralph Lorigo) backing Carl Paladino. At the Conservative Party convention in May 2010, Ralph Lorigo united with Steve Levy supporters to act as a placeholder on the ballot and earned 42% of the weighted ballot; by being a registered party member, they only needed 25% to force a primary election (something that Levy and Paladino, as a Democrat and Republican respectively, could not do). After Lorigo entered the gubernatorial race, Long demanded Lorigo's resignation; Lorigo responded by offering to wager the party chairpersonship on the results of the race: If Lorigo won the primary, Long would resign and allow Lorigo (party second-in-command) to succeed them as Conservative Party chairperson, but if Lazio won, Lorigo would resign their position within the Party.
On September 14, 2010, Lazio defeated Lorigo in the Conservative primary. Following Lazio's loss to Paladino in the GOP gubernatorial primary, Chairman Long indicated that they planned to move forward with Lazio; however, on September 27, 2010, Lazio confirmed that they would drop their bid for Governor by accepting a nomination for a judicial position in the Bronx. The Conservative Party then nominated Paladino as its candidate for Governor.
Results
Nominee
Carl Paladino
Candidates
Rick Lazio, Republican nominee, won the primary but withdrew.
Ralph Lorigo, chairperson of the Erie County Conservative Party.
Independence Party
The Independence Party of New York publicly endorsed presumptive Democratic nominee Andrew Cuomo prior to the party convention.
Nominee
Andrew Cuomo
Working Families Party
The Working Families Party was said to heavily favor Cuomo, but was reportedly concerned that the party's damaged reputation may cause Cuomo to decline any nomination from them. In somewhat of a surprise move, the party nominated its own members for all but one statewide elected office, and did not cross-endorse Democrats as usual. The party nominated United Auto Workers lawyer Kenneth Schaffer as its nominee for governor in June 2010. After the federal investigation against the party was closed with no charges, speculation has run rampant that the party will vacate the line in favor of Cuomo by nominating Schaeffer for a judicial position and offering Cuomo a Wilson Pakula, which the party did unanimously in September 2010.
Nominee
Andrew Cuomo
Libertarian Party
The Libertarian Party of New York chose Warren Redlich as its nominee at the state party convention on April 24, 2010.
Nominee
Warren Redlich, Guilderland Town Board member and criminal defense attorney.
Lost nomination
Kristin Davis, madam of the prostitution ring of which Eliot Spitzer was a client Davis refused to show up at the convention and as a result did not appear on the ballot.
Sam Sloan, author and board game expert.
Green Party
The Green Party of New York nominated national party co-founder Howie Hawkins, who had been a perennial candidate in state and federal elections since 2006, as its candidate at the party convention on May 15, 2010.
Nominee
Howie Hawkins
Rent Is Too Damn High Party
The Rent Is Too Damn High Party, whose perennial New York City mayoral candidate is Jimmy McMillan, fielded them in the New York gubernatorial election in 2010.
Campaign signatures
The Paladino campaign submitted 30,000 signatures for its Taxpayers Party. Charles Barron submitted 43,500 signatures for the Freedom Party, though a fellow New York City councilman, Lewis Fidler, has already announced their intention to challenge Barron's signatures. The Davis campaign submitted 22,000 signatures, the Hawkins campaign filed 27,000, and the Libertarian Party claimed to have submitted over 34,000.
General Election
Predictions
Polling
with Collins
with Lazio
with Lazio and Paladino
with Levy
Collins v. Patterson
Giuliani vs. Paterson
Lazio vs. Paterson
Results
The results of New York's gubernatorial elections are used to decide which parties receive automatic ballot access and what order the parties are listed on the ballot. Parties whose candidates for governor receive over 50,000 votes on that party's line receive automatic ballot access for the next four years until the next gubernatorial election. This rule applies regardless of whether the party fielded its own candidate or cross-endorsed the candidate of another party. Green Party candidate Howie Hawkins received over 57,000 votes, allowing the New York Green Party to be listed on the ballot for the following four years.
See also
Paterson, David "Black, Blind, & In Charge: A Story of Visionary Leadership and Overcoming Adversity." New York, New York, 2020
Notes
References
External links
New York State Board of Elections
Official candidate list
Campaign contributions for 2010 New York Governor from Follow the Money
New York Governor 2010 from OurCampaigns.com
2010 New York Governor Election graph of multiple polls from Pollster.com
Election 2010: New York Governor from Rasmussen Reports
New York Governor - Lazio vs. Cuomo from Real Clear Politics
2010 New York Governor's Race from CQ Politics
Race Profile in The New York Times
Official campaign websites (Archived)
Andrew Cuomo for Governor
Rick Lazio for Governor
Steve Levy for Governor
Carl Paladino for Governor
Warren Redlich for Governor
Online Guide to New York Politics, politics1.com
Gormley, Michael (4/1/10). Who would want to be Governor? Associated Press. (A primer on the proposals of most of the candidates)
Gubernatorial
2010
New York
Andrew Cuomo
Howie Hawkins
The Edmonton Oilers are a franchise in the National Hockey League (NHL), based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. They originated as one of the twelve founding franchises of the World Hockey Association (WHA) in 1972, remaining with the league until it ceased operation after the 1978–79 season. The Oilers were one of four remaining WHA franchises to be admitted to the NHL as expansion teams for the 1979–80 season.
Sixteen of those NHL Oilers also played at least one game for the WHA Oilers.
Kevin Lowe, the Oilers' first ever NHL draft pick, is the leader for both regular season (1,037) and playoff (172) games in an Oilers uniform, for an overall Oilers-leading total of 1,209 games. Amongst goaltenders, Grant Fuhr is the overall leader for total games played as an Oiler, with 534, which includes a team-leading 111 playoff games; goaltender Bill Ranford is the leader for regular season (449) games played. There have been 25 players (16 skaters and 9 goaltenders) who have played only one gamein all cases, one regular season gamewith the NHL Oilers.
The Oilers have won the Stanley Cup five times, with 48 players winning the Cup as an Oiler. Seven players (Glenn Anderson, Grant Fuhr, Randy Gregg, Charlie Huddy, Jari Kurri, Kevin Lowe and Mark Messier) were members of all five Cup-winning teams.
Eight players from the NHL years have gone on to be elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame, most recently Chris Pronger in June 2015. Another three ex-Oilers who only played for the WHA franchise are also in the Hall of Fame. The Oilers have retired the numbers of seven players.
Key
Season Lists the first year of the season of the player's first game and the last year of the season of the player's last game of consecutive tenure. For example, a player who played one game in the 2000–01 NHL season would be listed as playing with the team from 2000–2001, regardless of what calendar year the game occurred within. Players who leave and return will show more than one consecutive period. This list includes all players that have played at least one regular season or playoff game for the Edmonton Oilers in the NHL since the 1979–80 season. It does not include any players who only played for the team as a franchise in the WHA from 1972 to 1979.
Goaltenders
Note: Statistics are complete through the 2021–22 season.
Skaters
Note: Statistics are complete through the 2021–22 season.
See also
List of Edmonton Oilers (WHA) players
References
Edmonton Oilers
players
Meandu Creek Dam is a dam built near Yarraman in Queensland, Australia. The Tarong and Tarong North Power Stations source water from the Brisbane River catchment via a pipeline from Wivenhoe Dam. Cooling tower blowdown water is either discharged directly to Tarong Energy's Meandu Creek Dam or supplied to the nearby Tarong Mine owned by Rio Tinto Coal Australia. Excess water from the mine is discharged back to Meandu Creek Dam. Releases from Meandu Creek Dam supply downstream irrigators on Meandu Creek. In 2019 Stanwell Corporation temporarily stopped discharges into the creek to allow downstream property owners to repair culverts.
The dam has a full storage capacity of 3,000 megalitres covering an area of 69 hectares, and a catchment area of 3,970 hectares.
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Australia
References
External links
Tarong Energy
Reservoirs in Queensland
Wide Bay–Burnett
Dams in Queensland
Kedron is an unincorporated community in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, United States. The community is located less than northwest of Amite City and west of Roseland.
References
Unincorporated communities in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana
Unincorporated communities in Louisiana
Schumann is a German occupational surname. Notable people with the name, in English often Schuman, include:
In athletics
Desirée Schumann (born 1990), German goalkeeper
Manfred Schumann (born 1951), German bobsledder
Margit Schumann (1952–2017), German luger
Nils Schumann (born 1978), German athlete
Ralf Schumann (born 1962), German champion 25 m Rapid Fire Pistol shooter
In music
Clara Schumann (née Wieck, 1819–1896), German pianist and composer; wife of Robert Schumann
Coco Schumann (1924–2018), German jazz musician
Elisabeth Schumann (1888–1952), German opera soprano
Ernestine Schumann-Heink (1861–1936), opera singer
Georg Schumann (composer) (1866–1952), German composer and director
John Schumann (born 1953), Australian singer, songwriter, guitarist, formerly in Redgum
Melissa Schuman (born 1984), American singer and actor
Peter Schumann (born 1934), theater director
Robert Schumann (1810–1856), German composer
Tom Schuman (born 1958), American jazz musician
Walter Schumann (1913–1958), American soundtrack composer
William Schuman (1910–1992), American composer
In politics
Alfred O. Schumann (1924–2013), American politician
Conrad Schumann (1942–1998), East German soldier who defected to the West
Georg Schumann (resistance fighter) (1886–1945), German Communist and resistance fighter against the Nazis
Dr. Horst Schumann (1906–1983), German Nazi SS-Sturmbannführer, participated in criminal medical experiments at Auschwitz
John C. Schuman (1881–1971), American politician and farmer
Marvin C. Schumann (1906-1994), American politician
Maurice Schumann (1911–1998), French politician
Robert Schuman (1886–1963), French politician and a founding father of the European Union
In science
Erich Schumann (1898–1985), German physicist
Howard Schuman (born 1928), American sociologist
Karl Moritz Schumann (1851–1904), German botanist
Winfried Otto Schumann (1888–1974), German physicist who predicted the Schumann resonance
In other fields
Allan L. Schuman (born 1934), business person
Patricia G. Schuman (born 1943), American librarian and publisher
Paul R. Schumann (1876–1946), American painter
Scott Schuman (blogger), creator of the fashion blog The Sartorialist
German-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Ketapang Regency is a regency in the south of the province of West Kalimantan, on the island of Borneo in Indonesia. Ketapang Regency occupies an area of 31,588 km2, and at the census in 2010 it had 427,460 inhabitants following the splitting off of five districts in the north-west of the regency in 2007 to form the new North Kayong Regency; the 2020 census revealed a growth in population to 570,657 over the intervening decade. The principal town lies at Ketapang.
Administrative Districts
Following the splitting off of the five districts to form the North Kayong Regency in 2007, the Ketapang Regency now consists of twenty districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 census and the 2020 census. The table includes the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district, and its post code.
References
Regencies of West Kalimantan
The New Hampshire Department of Safety is a government agency of the U.S. state of New Hampshire. The Department of Safety is under the executive direction of Commissioner of Safety Robert L. Quinn. The main office of the Department of Safety is located at the James H. Hayes Safety Building in Concord.
Duties
The duties of the Department of Safety are:
Enforcing the criminal law.
Administering and enforcing laws relative to motor vehicles and drivers.
Assuring fire, building, and equipment safety.
Promoting vehicle and highway safety.
Administering and enforcing laws relative to emergency medical services.
History
The New Hampshire General Court (state legislature) established the Department of Safety in 1961; it became operational on January 1, 1962, consisting of the divisions of Motor Vehicles, State Police, and Safety Services.
In 1987, the Department added the Division of Enforcement, Division of Administration, Bureau of Hearings and the Bureau of Fire Safety. On January 1, 1989, the Bureau of Common Carriers was transferred from the Department of Transportation.
On July 1, 1989, the Division of Fire Service, consisting of the Bureau of Fire Safety, the Bureau of Fire Standards and Training, and the Fire Standards and Training Commission, and became the sixth division of the department. On August 1, 1994, the Division of Fire Service was restructured into two Divisions: the Division of Fire Standards and Training and the Division of Fire Safety.
On October 1, 1996, the Division of Enforcement was eliminated and all former positions and duties were merged into the Division of State Police Bureau of Enforcement. On November 19, 1999, the Bureau of Emergency Medical Services was transferred from the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Community and Public Health and became the Division of Emergency Medical Services.
On July 1, 1999, the Division of Motor Vehicles was approved to hire its own police officers (entitled Inspectors) to reclaim the law enforcement functions that were merged over to the Division of State Police in 1996.
On July 1, 2002, the Emergency Management Agency was transferred from the Office of the Governor and became the Division of Fire Safety and Emergency Management with two Bureaus: Fire Safety and Emergency Management. Also, the Division of Emergency Medical Services merged with the Division of Fire Standards and Training, becoming the Division of Fire Standards and Training and Emergency Medical Services.
On July 17, 2002, the Bureau of Highway Patrol in the Division of Motor Vehicles was created. All Inspectors were retitled to Highway Patrol Officers.
On September 4, 2003, the Bureau of Emergency Communications was transferred from the Department of Administrative Services in the Division of Fire Safety and Emergency Management. The State Fire Marshal became the Bureau Chief of Fire Safety. Also in 2003, the Division of Information Technology was abolished by the General Court when it established the state Office of Information Technology.
On January 1, 2004, the Division of State Police - Forensic Laboratory received the Department of Corrections Drug Testing Laboratory and the Department of Health and Human Services, Division of Public Health's laboratory for the testing of blood, breath, and urine to determine alcohol and controlled drug content; and State Toxicologist office.
On April 17, 2019, the Executive Council unanimously confirmed Robert L. Quinn as Commissioner of the NH Department of Safety.
Divisions
The Department of Safety is made up of seven divisions along with their respective bureaus, as listed below. The department has a Commissioner's Office, headed by the commissioner and assistant commissioner, that oversees the management team, Bureau of Hearings, Homeland Security Grants, Public Information Officer, and Railroad Police. There is also an Office of Highway Safety, responsible for oversight of a statewide highway safety program.
Division of Administration – Bureau of Road Toll
Division of Emergency Services and Communications – Bureau of Emergency Communication (911)
Division of Fire Safety – Office of the State Fire Marshal, Fire Investigations Unit, Fireworks and Modular Buildings Standards Program
Division of Fire Standards and Training and Emergency Medical Services – Bureau of Fire Academy and Bureau of Emergency Medical Services
Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management – state-level planning related to all emergencies and disasters
Division of Motor Vehicles – Bureau of Registration, Driver Education, Bureau of Driver Licensing, Bureau of Financial Responsibility, Bureau of Title and Anti-Theft, Emissions, International Registration Plan, Motorcycle Rider Program, New Motor Vehicle Arbitration (Lemon Law), Non-US Citizen
Division of State Police – New Hampshire State Police, including a Criminal Records Unit, Permits & Licensing Unit, and the New Hampshire Marine Patrol
See also
List of law enforcement agencies in New Hampshire
References
External links
Safety
Safety
Government agencies established in 1962
1962 establishments in New Hampshire
The Wanyan (; Manchu: Wanggiyan; Jurchen script: ) clan was among the clans of the Heishui Mohe tribe living in the drainage region of the Heilong River during the time of the Khitan-led Liao dynasty. Of the Heishui Mohe, the clan was counted by the Liao dynasty among the "uncivilized Jurchens" (生女真) indicating that the clan was not subject to the direct rule of the Liao emperors. Those Heishui Mohe clans ruled by the Liao dynasty were referred to as "civilized Jurchens" (熟女真). The Wanyan clan later founded the Jin dynasty.
Origins
The origins of the clan are obscure. According to sources such as the History of Jin (Jinshi 金史) and the Research on the Origin of the Manchus (Manzhou yuanliu kao 滿洲源流考), the clan's progenitor Hanpu emigrated from the kingdom of Goryeo or Silla at the age of sixty and married a sixty-year-old local woman who bore them three children. However, controversy exists as to the ethno-cultural identity of Hanpu, and the factual validity of the story itself.
However Wanyan Yingge initiated an invasion of the Korean peninsula and Yingge's paternal nephew Wanyan Wuyashu fought against the Koreans, forcing them to submit and recognize Jurchens as overlords after "pacifying" the border between the Koreans and Jurchens. Yingge died during the conquest of Helandian (曷懶甸; present-day Hamgyong Province, North Korea) after pacifying the Tumen River basin. Wuyashu resumed the project in the next year. Under their order, Shishihuan (石適歡) led a Wanyan army from the Tumen River basin to subdue rival Jurchen tribes in Helandian and advance southward to chase about 1,800 remnants who defected to the Korean kingdom Goryeo. Goryeo did not hand them over but sent Im Gan (林幹) to intercept the Wanyan army. However, Shishihuan defeated Im Gan north of the Chŏngp'ŏyng wall and invaded northeastern frontier of Goryeo. Goryeo dispatched Yun Gwan to resist the Jurchens but lost in battle again. As a result, Wuyashu subjugated the Jurchens in Helandian.
In 1107, Goryeo sent a delegate, Heihuanfangshi (黑歡方石), to celebrate Wuyashu's accession to the chieftainship of the Wanyan tribe, and promised to return those Helandian Jurchens who escaped to Goryeo. However, when Wuyashu's delegates, Aguo (阿聒) and Wulinda Shengkun (烏林答勝昆), arrived in Goryeo, the Koreans killed them and dispatched five large armies led by Yun Gwan to attack Helandian. The Goryeo army destroyed a hundred Jurchen villages and built nine fortresses there. Wuyashu thought about giving up Helandian, but their brother Aguda convinced them to dispatch Wosai (斡賽), another of their brothers, to fight Goryeo. Wosai also built nine fortresses facing Goryeo's nine fortresses. After a one-year battle, the Wanyan army won two fortresses but they suffered heavy losses and seven other fortresses were still held by the Goryeo forces. Jurchens offered a truce to Goryeo and Goryeo and the Jurchens achieved a settlement. As a result, Jurchens swore not to invade Goryeo and Goryeo withdrew from the nine fortresses.
Wuyashu also pacified the Suifen River basin.
Founding of the Jurchen-led Jin dynasty
In 1115 AD, Wanyan Aguda, the chieftain of the Wanyan clan at the time, founded the Jin dynasty. Before their death in 1123, they also ended the Liao dynasty. Two years later, their brother Wanyan Wuqimai invaded the Song dynasty and conquered northern China in the Jin–Song Wars. Thereafter the Jurchens became sinicized; this can be seen in the sinicization of the surname "Wanyan" to "Wang" in the official Jurchen historical records.
Downfall and in the modern day
The Jin dynasty was destroyed in 1234 AD. After their victory, Mongol declared that people with the surname "Wanyan" were considered to be related to the royal line of the Jin dynasty, and therefore such individuals were to be executed immediately. For the sake of survival, those people with the surname "Wanyan" either changed the name to Wang or moved to a remote area to avoid capture and execution and used the Manchu format Wanggiyan. In present-day China, few descendants have kept the surname "Wanyan."
Notable figures
Males
Aguda 1115–1123,founder of Jin dynasty
Wuqimai 1123–1135,emperor Taizong of Jin
Dan 1135–1149,emperor Xizong of Jin
Liang 1149–1161, fourth emperor of the Jurchen-led Jin dynasty
Yong 1161–1189, Emperor Shizong of Jin
Jing 1189–1208 Emperor Zhangzong of Jin
Yungong,Emperor Shizong's second son and heir apparent
Xun 1213–1224,Emperor Xuanzong of Jin
Shouxu, Emperor Aizong of Jin
Chenglin,Emperor Mo of Jin
Xongbi,military general and civil minister of the Jurchen-led Jin dynasty, also known as Wushu
Yongji
Heda
Chenheshang
Zhanhan
Hafeng'a (哈丰阿), held a title of master commandant of light chariot (轻车都尉, pinyin: qingcheduwei)
Qing'en (庆恩), served as sixth rank literary official
Prince Consort
Females
Imperial Consort
Consort
Consort Shu (b. 1772), the Jiaqing Emperor's secondary consort
Consort Zhuang (1781–1811), the Jiaqing Emperor's consort
Imperial Concubine
Imperial Concubine Jing, the Kangxi Emperor's imperial concubine
Princess Consort
Primary Consort
Yunti's primary consort, the mother of Hongming (1705–1767) and Hongkai (1707–1759)
Secondary Consort
Yunreng's secondary consort, the mother of Hongtiao (1714–1774) and Hongbing (1720–1763)
Yongzhang's secondary consort, the mother of first son (1756)
Yongcheng's secondary consort, the mother of Mianhui (1764–1796), second son (1766), third son (1767–1769), Princess (1769–1787), fourth son (1771) and Princess (b. 1776)
Yicong's secondary consort, the mother of Zaijin (1859–1896)
Concubine
Yunzhi's concubine, the mother of Hongyi (1715–1754)
Yuntang's concubine, the mother of first daughter (1701–1725), Lady (1704–1727) and Hongding (1711–1782)
See also
Category:Wanyan family – Wanyan family members
List of Manchu clans
Plain White Banner
References
Visiting the Wanyan Village in Jingchuan, Gansu Province (in Chinese language)
Manchu clans
Jurchens
Khitan history
Surnames
Chinese clans
Individual Chinese surnames
Darius Kazemi (born 1983) is an American computer programmer and artist. Kazemi and Courtney Stanton are the co-founders of the technology collective Feel Train.
Early life
Kazemi was born on July 28, 1983. They attended Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology in Virginia, then college at Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Massachusetts from which they graduated in 2005 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering.
Career
After college, Kazemi became a video game designer.
In 2012, Kazemi began making bots on Twitter, drawing particular attention for work like their "wordfilter", a feature that enabled bots to avoid racial slurs.
Kazemi is the author of Jagged Alliance 2, a book describing the people and process behind the development of the video game Jagged Alliance 2. Kazemi's text is the fifth in a series of books on video games published by Boss Fight Books.
In 2015, Kazemi released a project called the "Ethical Ad Blocker," which not only blocked ads, but also blocked all websites that contained ads, so that users would not take content for free from sites that rely on advertising dollars. Speaking to Vice's Motherboard, Kazemi explained the project, which made a huge number of websites inaccessible to those who'd enabled the Ethical Ad-Blocker was meant to dramatize the conflict traditional ad-blockers raise in allowing users to avoid ads but depriving websites of the revenue streams they rely on: "I like the idea of codifying a moral high road and then showing people in practice that the moral high ground is not an attainable thing."
In 2016, Kazemi released a Bernie Sanders video game, called Bubble Burst Bernie, developed with Rob Dubbin and artist Tim Luecke for The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.
At Feel Train, Kazemi and Stanton have developed the StayWokeBot in collaboration with activists DeRay Mckesson and Samuel Sinyangwe, as well as the Shortcut app with radio program This American Life, which allows listeners to share audio clips on social media much like gifs facilitate sharing video clips. Feel Train has a forthcoming Twitter bot project called Relive 44 that, beginning in May 2017, will repost every tweet from President Barack Obama (President Obama posted their first message to Twitter in May 2009).
References
External links
Tiny Subversions
Living people
21st-century American artists
American people of Iranian descent
Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology alumni
Worcester Polytechnic Institute alumni
1983 births
Gomara may refer to:
Gomara, a Cimmerian city
Gomara, a clan of the Bharwad community found in India
Gómara, Soria, a municipality of Soria province, Spain
Francisco López de Gómara, 16th-century Spanish historian and chronicler of the expedition of Hernán Cortés
Kayla Watson is an American country singer and songwriter from Trinity, NC. Kayla's Great Grandfather is Charlie Bowman (Charlie Bowman and the Blue Ridge Ramblers) who performed alongside of Minnie Pearl and others at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville, TN. Kayla started singing as a young child, performing with the Greensboro Youth Chorus at age 6. They have participated in several local competitions and in 2012 made it to the top 30 finalists in the second season of the “X Factor USA”. In 2013, they partnered with local lyricist Jeremy Autry, co-founding the group Crossing Avery and releasing first full album "Way We Live". Recently, Kayla Watson won out of three states the Share a Coke and Song Superstar Tour competition and performed the National Anthem for NASCAR's NC Education Lottery 200 race.
Awards
2010 First place winner of the NATS Singing Competition
2013 Contestant/Top30 of X-Factor USA
2016 Share a Coke and Song Superstar Tour
References
1991 births
Living people
American women country singers
American country songwriters
People from Trinity, North Carolina
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Country musicians from North Carolina
The X Factor (American TV series) contestants
Tim Dwyer is an American former basketball player and coach. During their career, they starred in Iceland where they were a three-time Úrvalsdeild Foreign Player of the Year and led Valur to both the national championship and the Icelandic Cup in 1980 and 1983.
College career
Dwyer played for Monte Vista High School in Whittier, California, then junior college basketball for Rio Hondo College, where they averaged 19 points and 10 rebounds per game in their sophomore season. They then played Division I college basketball for the Cal State Fullerton Titans men's basketball team from 1974 to 1976. In 49 games, they averaged 11.0 points and 6.8 rebounds per game.
Professional career
In September 1978, Dwyer joined Úrvalsdeild karla club Valur as player-coach, replacing recently departed Rick Hockenos. They debuted with the team in the annual Reykjavík Basketball Tournament where they scored 19 points in Valur's 100–84 victory against Íþróttafélag Reykjavíkur. On October 10, they guided Valur to victory in the tournament, scoring 18 points in Valur's victory against Fram.
In their Úrvalsdeild debut on 14 October, Dwyer scored 19 points in a 101–89 victory against Þór Akureyri. On 12 March 1979, Dwyer scored a season high 44 points in a victory against arch rivals KR. Valur lost out on the national title after losing to KR, 77–75, in the last game of the season. Following the season, where they averaged 27.3 points per game in 19 games, they were named the Úrvalsdeild Foreign Player of the Year.
After some uncertainty of their return due to their financial demands, Dwyer eventually resigned with Valur prior to the 1979–80 season. On 17 March 1980, they helped Valur to its first national championship after scoring 28 points in the team's 100–93 victory against defending champions KR in the last game of the season. In 20 games, they averaged 29.4 points, finishing second in scoring in the league behind Trent Smock's 34.6 points per game. In the Icelandic Cup, they helped Valur to the Cup Finals by scoring 55 points against Njarðvík in the semi-final. Valur won the hard fought game, 105–103, after Kristján Ágústsson scored the game winning basket from just inside center court with 2 seconds left of the game. On 19 March, they scored 28 points in Valur's cup finals win against ÍS. After the season they were named the foreign player of the year for the second consecutive season.
After two seasons with Valur, Dwyer signed on in France as a player-coach before returning to their home state of California.
In July 1982, Dwyer returned to Valur as a player-coach prior to the 1982–83 season which they announced would be their last. In September, they led Valur to the pre-season Reykjavík Basketball Tournament title, scoring 22 points in Valur's 84–77 victory against Fram. On 21 March 1983, they led Valur to its second national championship after scoring 16 points in Valur's 88–87 victory against second-placed Keflavík. The game had a controversial ending after the referee Sigurður Valur Halldórsson called a three second violation on Keflavík's Brad Miley as they went up for a shot where Dwyer apparently fouled them with few seconds remaining of the game. Three days later, on 24 March, Dwyer scored 9 points but fouled out in the beginning of the second half of Valur's 78–75 victory against ÍR in the Icelandic cup finals. After the season they were named the Úrvalsdeild Foreign Player of the Year for the third time in their career. For the season, they finished fourth in scoring, averaging 23.6 points per game.
Coaching career
In their three seasons with Valur, they finished with a 45–15 record. In February 1979, Dwyer was hired as the head coach of the Icelandic men's national basketball team ahead of its games against Scotland and Denmark. In their 4 games with the team, they led it twice to victory.
References
External links
Úrvalsdeild statistics at Icelandic Basketball Association
College statistics at Sports Reference
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Iceland
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from California
Basketball players from California
Cal State Fullerton Titans men's basketball players
Centers (basketball)
Forwards (basketball)
Junior college men's basketball players in the United States
Sportspeople from Whittier, California
Úrvalsdeild karla (basketball) players
Valur men's basketball players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Peninsula Boulevard is a major arterial road through southwestern Nassau County, New York. It runs southwest-to-northeast between Cedarhurst connecting the Five Towns area to the Village of Hempstead, and indirectly serves The Rockaways as well.
For its entire length, Peninsula Boulevard is maintained by the Nassau County Department of Public Works as the unsigned County Route 2 (CR 2).
Route description
Peninsula Boulevard (CR 2)
Peninsula Boulevard begins in Cedarhurst at Rockaway Turnpike (CR 257), near a connecting road to New York Route 878 (Nassau Expressway), and runs through the Five Towns area, where it spends much of its journey running northeast and southwest as a four-lane undivided thoroughfare. In Hewlett, it becomes a divided highway at Franklin Street and then runs beneath a bridge for the Far Rockaway Branch of the Long Island Rail Road between Mill Road and Gibson Boulevard. After Gibson Boulevard, the divider becomes wider as it winds towards Rockaway Avenue, only to return to its former stature. Within Lynbrook, New York, the road takes a sharp northern trajectory after the intersection with New York State Route 27 (Sunrise Highway) and almost immediately runs beneath Lynbrook (LIRR station). The road returns to the northeast at South Niemann Avenue and then intersects Merrick Road.
After Ocean Avenue, it runs as a divided roadway along the southeastern edge of Hempstead Lake State Park. This divided portion was the original route of the Southern State Parkway before the parkway's current route was constructed across Hempstead Lake. Between Lakeview Avenue and the Southern State Parkway, it contains residential frontage roads on the east side, and pedestrian bridges over the road, the first being Lakeside Drive, and the second being North Village Avenue. The segment along North Village Avenue was a former segment of the Southern State Parkway. The second of these frontage roads ends at Mercy Hospital on the southeast corner of the interchange with the current Southern State Parkway at Exit 19 in South Hempstead. Beyond the Southern State, the road maintains its status as a divided highway even as it enters Downtown Hempstead, where it briefly turns east as it intersects Franklin, Greenwich, and Henry Streets. It is at the latter where the road turns back to the northeast to serve as the southern terminus of Clinton Street, which leads to Glen Cove Road, then intersects New York State Route 102 (Front Street), and finally terminates at New York State Route 24 (Fulton Street).
Bay Boulevard (CR 2A)
Bay Boulevard is a short extension of Peninsula Boulevard in Cedarhurst. It runs from an intersection at Rockaway Turnpike (CR 257) to an industrial area just west of Nassau Expressway (NY 878).
Route shields
Peninsula Boulevard, along with all of the other county routes in Nassau County, became unsigned in the 1970s, when Nassau County officials opted to remove the signs as opposed to allocating the funds for replacing them with new ones that met the latest federal design standards and requirements, as per the federal government's Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices.
Major intersections
References
External links
Peninsula Boulevard (AlpsRoads)
Peninsula Boulevard (Greater New York Roads)
Roads on Long Island
Transportation in Nassau County, New York
William Crosbie, 1st Earl of Glandore (May 1716 – 11 April 1781), known as The Lord Brandon between 1762 and 1771 and as The Viscount Crosbie between 1771 and 1776, was an Irish politician.
Crosbie was the son of Maurice Crosbie, 1st Baron Brandon, by Lady Elizabeth Anne, daughter of Thomas FitzMaurice, 1st Earl of Kerry. They were elected at Trinity College Dublin.
They were returned to the Irish House of Commons for Ardfert in 1735, a seat they held until 1762, when they succeeded their father in the barony and entered the Irish House of Lords. In 1770 they were appointed Custos Rotulorum of Kerry. They were created Viscount Crosbie, of Ardfert in the County of Kerry, in 1771, and was further honoured when they were made Earl of Glandore, in the County of Cork, in 1776.
Marriages and succession
Lord Glandore was twice married. They married firstly Lady Theodosia, daughter of John Bligh, 1st Earl of Darnley and Theodosia Bligh, 10th Baroness Clifton, in 1745. They had two sons and three daughters. After their death in May 1777 they married secondly Jane, daughter of Edward Vesey and widow of John Ward, in 1777, six months after their first wife died. They had no issue. They died in April 1781 and was succeeded in the earldom by their only surviving son from their first marriage, John. The Countess of Glandore died in September 1787.
References
|-
1716 births
1781 deaths
People from County Kerry
William
Earls in the Peerage of Ireland
Members of the Irish House of Lords
Crosbie, William
Irish MPs 1727–1760
Irish MPs 1761–1768
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Johannes Dümichen (15 October 1833, Weißholz bei Großglogau7 February 1894, Strasbourg) was a German Egyptologist.
Biography
Dümichen was born near Glogau. They studied philology and theology in Berlin and Breslau. Subsequently they became a pupil of Karl Lepsius and Heinrich Brugsch, and devoted themselves to the study of Egyptian inscriptions. They travelled widely in Egypt, and published their results in a number of important books.
They were tasked by the Prussian government to explore the Nile Valley in 1862 and 1868. On the first expedition (1862–65), along with investigations of the Nile Valley in Egypt, they also conducted extensive research in Nubia and the Sudan. In 1869 they accompanied the Prussian Crown Prince to Egypt on the occasion of the opening of the Suez Canal. On their fourth trip to Egypt (1875), they studied the inscriptions of the largest private tomb in the Theban Necropolis.
They were elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1869.
In 1872 they were chosen professor of Egyptology at Strasbourg, where a new chair was created to compete with the famous chair of Egyptology at the Collège de France.
Works
The value of their work consists not only in the stores of material which they collected, but also in the success with which they dealt with many of the problems raised by the inscriptions. Among their works are:
Bauurkunde des Tempels von Dendera (1865) – Book on the Dendera Temple complex.
Geographische Inschriften altägyptischer Denkmähler (4 vols., 1865 1885) – Geographical inscriptions of ancient Egyptian monuments.
Altägyptische Kalenderinschriften (1866) – Egyptian calendar inscriptions.
Altägypt. Tempelinschriften (2 vols., 1867) – Ancient Egypt, temple inscriptions.
Historische Inschriften altägypt. Denkmäler (2 vols., 1867-1869) – Historical inscriptions of ancient Egyptian monuments.
Die kalendarischen Opferfestlisten von Medinet-Habu (1881) – The calendar on the Festival of Sacrifice in the Temple of Medinet Habu.
Die Oasen der libyschen Wüste. Straßburg (1877) – The oases of the Libyan Desert.
Geschichte des alten Aegypten (1879) – History of ancient Egypt.
Der Grabpalast des Patuamenap in der thebanischen Nekropolis (1884–1894). The grave palace of Pediamenopet in the Theban Necropolis.
Band 1: Inschriften über Titel und Würden der Verstorbenen und Verzeichnis der alljährlichen Todtenfesttage. Leipzig 1884 UB Heidelberg.
Band 2: Darstellungen und Inschriften der Zimmer V, IV, III. Leipzig 1885 UB Heidelberg.
Band 3. Leipzig 1894 UB Heidelberg.
The last work, originally intended to comprise six volumes, was left unfinished at Dümichen's death. Part 3 was published after their death by Wilhelm Spiegelberg.
Notes
References
Johannes Dümichen bibliography de.Wikisource.
1833 births
1894 deaths
German Egyptologists
People from Głogów
People from the Province of Silesia
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
University of Breslau alumni
University of Strasbourg faculty
German male non-fiction writers
High-pressure chemistry is concerned with those chemical processes that are carried out under high pressure – pressures in the thousands of bars (100 kPa) or higher. High-pressure processes are generally faster and have a higher conversion efficiency than processes at ambient pressure. However, they are usually only beneficial on an industrial scale because of the investment in plant required.
The Haber–Bosch process produces ammonia from hydrogen and atmospheric nitrogen. It was first demonstrated in 1909 and became an important industrial process for Germany during World War One when it played a part in the manufacture of explosives. Today, it is mostly used to produce fertilizer.
The Bergius process produces hydrocarbon fuel from bituminous coal and hydrogen. The process was first published in 1913 and was an important source of fuel for Germany during World War Two. The process was used in the US for a while after the war, but there are currently no commercial plants in the world.
The Bergius process and the Haber-Bosch process were two pioneering methods of high-pressure chemistry. The invention and development of these two processes led to the award of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for 1931 jointly to Friedrich Bergius and Carl Bosch.
See also
Jiri Jonas
Otto Ruff
Hanns Hörbiger
Vladimir Ipatieff
Nylon
References
History of chemistry
The 17643 / 17644 Circar Express is a daily express train run by Indian Railways from Chengalpattu Junction railway station to Kakinada Port railway station. The train covers a distance of 755 km.
Arrival and departure
Train no. 17643 departs from Chengalpattu Junction every day at 16:00 hrs. reaching Kakinada Port the next day at 10:10 hrs. Train no. 17644 departs from Kakinada Port every day at 14:20 hrs. reaching Chengalpattu the next day at 08:20 hrs.
Locomotive
The train is hauled by [[WAP-7] [wap-4]] of Lallaguda locomotive shedvijayawada,vijayawda locomotive shed between Chengalpattu and and wdg-3awdg-3d twins locomotive of Gooty from Vijayawada to Kakinada Port.
Routes and halts
Bitragunta
Kavali
Rake sharing
This train has rake sharing with [(chengalpattu to kacheguda express)] (17652/17651)
Average speed and frequency
The train runs at an average speed of 43 km/h. It runs on a daily basis.
Demands
There are Demands to extend this train from Chengalpattu Junction to Puducherry.
References
External links
17643 Circar Express
17644 Circar Express
Transport in Kakinada
Railway services introduced in 1965
Named passenger trains of India
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Express trains in India
The Anna Nicole Smith Story (working title: Anna Nicole: The Movie) is a 2007 biographical film depicting the life of Anna Nicole Smith.
The film has been released by Nasser Entertainment Group and stars Willa Ford in the title role. The film's production was described as "fast track" by the film's producer, Joseph Nasser.
Cast
Willa Ford as Anna Nicole Smith
Patrick Ryan Anderson as Daniel Wayne Smith
Christian Berney as Daniel Wayne Smith – Age 13
Jake Short as Daniel Wayne Smith – Child
Richard Herd as J. Howard Marshall
Lesli Kay as Ginger
Chris Devlin as Howard K. Stern
Bobby Trendy as Himself
Lenny Hirsh as Larry Birkhead
Eddie Velez as a Playboy Photographer
Production
Both Insider and Entertainment Tonight have paid special attention to the film's progress. On April 26, 2007, ET gave an exclusive sneak peek at the film, showing parts of both Daniel's and Anna's death scenes and exclusive interviews with the cast. The film was released on DVD on September 22, 2009.
References
External links
American biographical drama films
Biographical films about actors
Biographical films about models
Films set in the 1990s
Films set in the 2000s
Films about modeling
2000s English-language films
Films scored by Harry Manfredini
Cultural depictions of Anna Nicole Smith
Films directed by Keoni Waxman
2000s American films
The Diplomatic Privileges Act 1708 (7 Ann c 12) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain. It is also known as the Act of Anne or the Statute of Anne. It should not be confused with the Copyright Act 1710, also known as the Statute of Anne.
Background
The Act was passed as result of an incident in 1708 when the Russian Ambassador, Andrey Matveyev, was arrested and imprisoned by London bailiffs acting on behalf of their creditors. Matveyev was freed on bail, then left the country without presenting their letters of recall. To appease Peter the Great, the Act was passed, putting diplomatic immunity in Britain on a statutory basis for the first time.
Provisions
The Act provided for the nullity of all civil proceedings against ambassadors and their servants. It also provides that all those who institute such proceedings or attempt to enforce them shall "be deemed violators of the laws of nations" and be punished accordingly.
The Act was said to be declaratory of the common law, although this has been doubted by later authorities.
Repeal
Section 6, to "pleading and" was repealed by section 1 of, and the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1887.
The whole Act was repealed by section 8(4) of, and Schedule 2 to, the Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964. It may be still in force in some Commonwealth jurisdictions.
References
The text of the act
Halsbury's Statutes,
Great Britain Acts of Parliament 1708
Diplomatic immunity and protection
The 2018 Marburg Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the ninth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2018 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Marburg, Germany between 2 and 8 July 2018.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 25 June 2018.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Benjamin Hassan
Julian Lenz
Rudolf Molleker
Mats Rosenkranz
The following player received entry into the singles main draw as a special exempt:
Gianluca Mager
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Thomaz Bellucci
Elliot Benchetrit
Dragoș Dima
Tristan Lamasine
Champions
Singles
Juan Ignacio Londero def. Hugo Dellien 3–6, 7–5, 6–4.
Doubles
Fabrício Neis / David Vega Hernández def. Henri Laaksonen / Luca Margaroli 4–6, 6–4, [10–8].
External links
Official Website
2018 ATP Challenger Tour
2018
2018 in German tennis
Syntrophus is a Gram negative bacterial genus from the family of Syntrophaceae.
References
Further reading
Thermodesulfobacteriota
Bacteria genera
This is the list of cathedrals in East Timor.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in East Timor:
St. Anthony Cathedral, Baucau
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Díli
Sacred Heart Cathedral, Maliana
See also
List of cathedrals
References
Cathedrals in East Timor
East Timor
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C20H20}}
The molecular formula C20H20 (molar mass: 260.37 g/mol, exact mass: 260.1565 u) may refer to:
Dodecahedrane
Pagodane
Molecular formulas
Federico Cattaneo (born 14 July 1993) is an Italian sprinter who won a bronze medal at the 2018 Mediterranean Games.
National records
4×100 m relay: 38.11 ( Doha, 4 October 2019), they ran first leg in the team with Marcell Jacobs, Davide Manenti, Filippo Tortu; former holder
National titles
Italian Athletics Championships
100 metres: 2017
See also
Italy at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Italy at the 2018 European Athletics Championships
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Italian male sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
European Games competitors for Italy
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 European Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Italy
Sportspeople from the Province of Varese
Italian Athletics Championships winners
The Spaghetti Family () is an Italian animated television series created by Bruno Bozzetto and produced by The Animation Band, Mondo TV and Rai Fiction, and animated by SEK Studio. It debuted on Rai 3 in December 2003.
The show was conceived in 1996 by Bozzetto, who was inspired by their family, and a pilot was shown at the first Cartoons on the Bay festival that year. The show won the Pulcinella d'Oro award at the 2003 Cartoons on the Bay.
References
External links
The Spaghetti Family - Rai Gulp
Cartoni Online page
Archived official English site
2003 Italian television series debuts
2000s Italian television series
Italian children's animated television series
Animated television series about families
Dorcadion grande is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1906. It is found in Kazakhstan.
See also
Dorcadion
References
grande
Beetles described in 1906
The Cadman–White–Handy House, also known as the Handy House, is a historic house museum in Westport, Massachusetts. The house, built in stages between about 1710 and 1825, provides a window into architectural trends of 18th-century southern Massachusetts. The house is operated as a museum by the Westport Historical, and is open on some Saturdays between June and October. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Description and history
The Handy House is located in central Westport, at the northwest corner of Hixbridge and Drift Roads, near the western bank of the East Branch Westport River. Both roads are historically old, with the east-west Drift Road based on a former Indian trail. The house is a -story wood-frame structure, with a side-gable roof and clapboarded exterior. It has an eight-bay front facade, with entrances in the second and fifth bays from the left. Both are framed by Federal style surrounds, with pilasters, four-light transom windows, and gabled pediments.
The house was probably built in three stages, beginning c. 1710. The oldest portion consists of the rightmost three bays, and probably formed a typical early Rhode Island stone ender. The central two bays were added between 1730 and 1750, giving the house a traditional Georgian five-bay facade with center entry. In 1825, the left three bays were added, and the exterior was given its present Federal styling. The building interior has preserved elements from all three periods of constructions, despite restylings during the 18th and 19th centuries.
The house is owned by the Westport Historical Society and operated as a historic house museum. It is mostly unfurnished, and visitors are able to examine the 18th and 19th-century building techniques and decorative elements.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
External links
Handy House - Westport Historical Society
Houses completed in 1710
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Westport, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Museums in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Historic house museums in Massachusetts
1710 establishments in Massachusetts
Jianshania is genus of Cambrian arthropod known from the Chengjiang biota, containing the single species J. furfactus. It was described by Luo et al. in 1999. In 2020, a specimen originally assigned to the species was found to represent the separate fuxianhuiid taxon Xiaocaris pending revision of the type specimen.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian genus extinctions
Heard County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. At the 2010 census, the population was 11,834. The county seat is Franklin. The county was created on December 22, 1830.
Heard County is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Heard County was created by Act of the Legislature on December 22, 1830. It was named for Stephen Heard, elected President of the Council on February 18, 1781, thus, in the absence of Governor Howley, becoming Governor de facto. Heard moved to Wilkes County from Hanover County, Virginia, and fought in the American Revolutionary War where they distinguished themselves at Kettle Creek. The first Sheriff, Jonathan Mewsick, was commissioned in 1832.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.7%) is water.
The vast majority of Heard County is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Lake Harding sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin), with just a very small northwestern corner of the county, west of Ephesus, located in the Upper Tallapoosa River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin (Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin).
Major highways
U.S. Route 27
State Route 1
State Route 34
State Route 100
State Route 219
Adjacent counties
Carroll County (north)
Coweta County (east)
Troup County (south)
Randolph County, Alabama (west/Central Time border)
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 census, there were 11,012 people, 4,043 households and 3,040 families living in the county. The population density was 14/km2 (37/sq mi). There were 4,512 housing units at an average density of 6/km2 (15/sq mi). The racial make-up was 87.48% White, 10.82% Black or African American, 0.32% Native American, 0.11% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 0.47% from other races, and 0.73% from two or more races. 1.05% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,043 households, of which 37.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 12.10% had a female householder with no husband present and 24.80% were non-families. 21.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.12.
28.70% of the population were under the age of 18, 7.60% from 18 to 24, 30.70% from 25 to 44, 22.00% from 45 to 64 and 11.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.10 males.
The median household income was $33,038 and the median family income was $39,306. Males had a median income of $31,900 and females $22,492. The per capita income was $15,132. About 10.50% of families and 13.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.60% of those under age 18 and 17.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
At the 2010 United States Census, there were 11,834 people, 4,400 households and 3,157 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,148 housing units at an average density of . The racial make-up was 86.9% white, 9.8% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.8% from other races and 1.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.2% were American, 11.6% were Irish, 9.0% were German, and 7.4% were English.
Of the 4,400 households, 36.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.3% were non-families and 23.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.14. The median age was 39.1 years.
The median household income was $42,685 and the median family income was $47,591. Males had a median income of $41,185 and females $31,507. The per capita income was $18,077. About 16.7% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.6% of those under age 18 and 16.4% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 11,412 people, 4,502 households, and 3,254 families residing in the county.
Communities
Centralhatchee
Corinth (part)
Ephesus
Franklin (county seat)
Glenn
Texas
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Heard County, Georgia
References
External links
Heard County historical marker
Heard County Jail historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1830 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1830
Heard
Counties of Appalachia
, formerly known as Musashigawa stable, is a stable of sumo wrestlers, part of the Dewanoumi ichimon or group of stables. It was set up in August 1981 by former yokozuna Mienoumi, who branched off from Dewanoumi stable. Since its founding Dewanoumi had a long tradition of not permitting its coaches to break away and form new stables, and Mienoumi was the first to amicably depart Dewanoumi stable since Tochigiyama set up Kasugano stable 62 years earlier. By the early 2000s it had become the strongest stable in sumo, with a yokozuna, three ōzeki and several other top division wrestlers. Wrestlers from the stable won six consecutive tournaments from March 1999 to January 2000. In September 2008 Mienoumi also became head of the Sumo Association.
In September 2010 the former Mienoumi stood down as head coach and passed the stable to former ōzeki Musōyama, who changed its name to Fujishima. Former yokozuna Musashimaru branched off from the stable in April 2013 after taking on the elder name of their former head coach, creating the next generation Musashigawa stable. As of January 2022 Fujishima had 14 wrestlers. It had no sekitori from the demotion of Shōtenrō to the makushita division in March 2016 until the promotion of Bushozan five years later. Bushozan is the second wrestler to reach juryo since the current head coach took over, following Tsurugidake in 2010.
Ring name conventions
Some wrestlers at this stable take ring names or shikona that include the character 武 (read: bu or mu), meaning war or weapon, which is taken from the first character of the former name of the stable, Musashigawa, and is also the first character in the name of the stable's current owner, former Musōyama. Examples include Bushozan, Mugendai, Musashiumi, and Munakata.
Owners
2010–present: 18th Fujishima Takehito (iin, former ōzeki Musōyama)
1981-2010: 14th Musashigawa Akihide (the 57th yokozuna Mienoumi)
Notable active wrestlers
Bushozan ( the best rank, juryo)
Coaches
Ōnaruto Takeharu (iin, former ōzeki Dejima)
Yamawake Takeyoshi (iin, former maegashira Buyūzan)
Matsuchiyama Takashi (toshiyori, former maegashira Bushūyama)
Kitajin Sho (toshiyori, former maegashira Shōtenrō)
Notable former wrestlers
Musashimaru (the 67th yokozuna)
Dejima (former ōzeki)
Musōyama (former ōzeki)
Miyabiyama (former ōzeki)
Wakanoyama (former komusubi)
Shōtenrō (former maegashira)
Assistant
Aranonami (sewanin, former makushita, real name Jirō Takahashi)
Referee
Kimura Fujinosuke (jonidan gyōji, real name Kōta Hamada)
Hairdresser
Tokotakeshi (second class tokoyama)
Location and Access
Tokyo, Arakawa Ward, Higashi-Nippori 4-27-1
Short walk from Uguisudani Station on Yamanote Line and Keihin-Tohoku Line
See also
List of sumo stables
List of active sumo wrestlers
List of past sumo wrestlers
Glossary of sumo terms
References
External links
Japan Sumo Association profile
Article on Musashigawa stable
Active sumo stables
Wayne Gagné (born June 27, 1964) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.
Career
Wayne Gagné began their college career at Western Michigan in 1983 in Bill Wilkinson's second recruiting class. The small defenseman was an instant hit for the Broncos, scoring 43 points in 41 games in their first-year student season. After declining slightly in their sophomore year they exploded for 76 points as a junior, leading all defensemen in scoring and becoming the first AHCA First Team All-American for Western Michigan (with Dan Dorion). Gagné was instrumental in helping WMU win their first CCHA Tournament, being named to the All-Tournament Team, as well as their first NCAA Tournament appearance.
Gagné performed even better in their senior season, finishing the year with the NCAA record for assists (76) for any position and points (89) for a defenseman in a season. Additionally, they also finished with the most career assists (199) and second most points for a defenseman (241) behind only Ron Wilson (Records current as of 2019). Gagné was named as the CCHA Player of the Year and was Runner-Up for the Hobey Baker Award.
After graduating Gagné played briefly for the Canadian National Team before beginning their professional career. They were drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1987 NHL Supplemental Draft. They played at the top level of minor league hockey in North America for two seasons, putting up good numbers, but their small stature was an impediment for NHL teams who mostly employed large players as defensemen. With the NHL an unlikely possibility, Gagné headed to Europe in 1989, playing two seasons with SC Lyss. They finished second in team scoring both seasons, helping the team to stave off relegation twice.
Gagné spent the final three seasons of their career playing for five teams in five countries, ending as the leading scorer for Hellerup IK in 1994.
Honors
Gagné was inducted into the Western Michigan Athletic Hall of Fame in 2001 and was named to the CCHA All-Time First Team in 2013.
Career statistics
Awards and honors
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
Baltimore Skipjacks players
Western Michigan Broncos men's ice hockey players
Sherbrooke Canadiens players
Peoria Rivermen (IHL) players
Kalamazoo Wings (1974–2000) players
SC Lyss players
Brantford Smoke players
Rotterdam Panda's players
Gentofte Stars players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Montreal Canadiens draft picks
National Hockey League supplemental draft picks
The Face on the Milk Carton is a young adult mystery novel written by author Caroline B. Cooney that was first published in 1990. The first in the five-book Janie Johnson series, it was later adapted into a film for television. The book is about a 15-year-old girl named Janie Johnson, who starts to suspect that their parents may have kidnapped them and that their biological parents are somewhere in New Jersey. These suspicions come after Janie recognizes a picture of themselves on a milk carton under the heading "Missing Child." Janie's life gets more stressful as they try to find the truth while hiding the secret from their parents.
The idea for the novel originated from the regular practice in the 1980s and 1990s for milk cartons to feature photographs of missing children.
The Face on the Milk Carton, which contains themes including the exploration of self-identity, relationships with parents and peers, and individual responsibility, has been used in young adult classrooms to encourage readers to explore these themes in their own lives.
The book was number 79 on the most frequently challenged books in the US for 1990-1999 and number 29 for 2000-2009 for references to kidnapping, cults, challenges to authority, and sexual activity. The book has also receive several awards, including the Colorado Blue Spruce Book Award (1996) and the Pacific Northwest Library Association Young Readers Choice Award (1993).
Summary
While at lunch on a typical day of school, Janie Johnson's life is upended after they pick up a friend's milk carton and recognizes themselves as the girl in a missing person photo on the back of the carton. The child is identified as ‘Jennie Spring,' a girl who was kidnapped from a New Jersey shopping mall when they were three years old. Although Janie refuses to believe that their loving parents could have kidnapped her, they begin having flashbacks that do not fit in with their current life.
After their mother appears reluctant when they ask to see their birth certificate, Janie searches their home's attic for any information that could shed light on their flashbacks. After finding school papers with the name 'Hannah Javensen' and the dress worn by the girl on the milk carton, Janie confronts them parents.
Janie's parents explain that Hannah is their daughter, and that Janie is Hannah's daughter, making them their grandparents. According to their parents, Hannah was a confused teen who had joined a Hari Krishna style cult at a young age and was married off to one of the men in the cult. One day, Hannah showed up at the Johnson's house with Janie, and left them there before returning to the cult. The Johnsons, fearing the cult might want Janie back, fled the state and changed their name from 'Javensen' to 'Johnson.' Janie, relieved their parents are not kidnappers, concludes that their flashbacks are from their life in the cult before coming to the Johnson's.
Despite their relief, Janie struggles to forget the picture on the milk carton and their flashbacks, and begins researching the Jennie Spring kidnapping. Discrepancies between their research and their parents' story leads them to suspect that their parents may have actually kidnapped them Although they still love them and wants to forgive them, Janie decides to further investigate the kidnapping. Along with their boyfriend Reeve, Janie goes to New Jersey to find the Spring family.
In New Jersey, they discover that the entire family has the same red hair that Janie has, which neither Mr. and Mrs. Johnson nor even Hannah has. Unsure of what to do, Janie writes the Spring family a letter, but hesitates to mail it. They lose the letter, and worries it has been mailed by someone, which would inform the Spring family.
Janie asks their parents what to do about the letter, and confronts them with what they have learned. A shocked Mr. and Mrs. Johnson reason that Hannah must have kidnapped Janie, and insist, against Janie's wishes, that they call the Springs. The book ends with Janie calling the New Jersey family.
Background
According to an interview with The Atlantic, Cooney's inspiration came to them at LaGuardia airport, where they saw missing child flyers, including one of a toddler, posted throughout the concourse. The posters struck her, and led them to imagine what it might be like if a toddler recognized themselves on a poster.
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, it was regular practice for milk cartons to feature photographs of missing children. The practice began after a series of high-profile child kidnappings by noncustodial parents in the late 1970s led to renewed attention on law enforcement's tendency to neglect cases that involved children staying with noncustodial parents. Widespread dissatisfaction with this practice prompted a campaign for law enforcement to pursue all missing children cases more aggressively.
Genre and style
The Face on the Milk Carton, similarly to many of Cooney's novels, is a young adult mystery and suspense novel. The recommended age range is 12 and up.
Analysis
Authors John Bushman and Shelley McNerny, who specialize in analyzing young adult literature, recognize The Face on the Milk Carton, along with several other young adult novels, as a text that instructors can use to guide the development of young adults' moral reasoning. This is because the novel contains a variety of themes, including the exploration of self-identity, relationships with parents and peers, and individual responsibility, that will challenge readers to examine the dynamics that the novel's protagonist faces in the context of their own lives.
In their article “Mirrors and Windows,” editor Kim Ford lists The Face on the Milk Carton as one of their thirty recommended books, as a young adult favorite, to put on a “good book” shelf. Ford further notes that many of the most popular books among young adults, including The Face on the Milk Carton, are those that are both “mirrors” and “windows,” or books that allow readers to see and understand themselves in the novels' characters.
Publication
The Face on the Milk Carton was first published in 1990 by Bantam Doubleday Dell Books for Young Readers. The last book of the series, Janie Face to Face, was published in January 2014.
Reception
The Face on the Milk Carton has been the recipient of several awards, including the Colorado Blue Spruce Book Award (1996), Pacific Northwest Library Association Young Readers Choice Award (1993), and Iowa Teen Book Award (1993).
Cumulatively, the series has sold over 4.2 million copies.
The novel has also faced challenges for its mature content. The book was number 79 on the most frequently challenged books in the US for 1990-1999 and number 29 for 2000-2009 for references to kidnapping, cults, and sexual activity.
See also
Janie Johnson series
Abduction (2011 film)
Etan Patz - Theirs disappearance helped spark the missing children's movement, including new legislation and various methods for tracking down missing children, such as the milk-carton campaigns of the mid-1980s. Etan was the first ever missing child to be pictured on the side of a milk carton.
Kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard
Elizabeth Smart
Ariel Castro kidnappings
Abduction of Kamiyah Mobley
References
1990 American novels
American young adult novels
Novels about child abduction
American novels adapted into films
Novels about missing people
American novels adapted into television shows
Andresiidae is a family of sea anemones belonging to the order Actiniaria.
Genera:
Andresia Stephenson, 1921
References
Actinioidea
Cnidarian families
Westminster-Richmond was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1894 to 1898. It and its sister ridings Westminster-Delta, Westminster-Dewdney and Westminster-Chilliwhack were successors to the old four-member Westminster riding, which appeared in 1890 only and was a subdivision of the older New Westminster (provincial electoral district) riding. Westminster-Richmond was succeeded by the Richmond riding in the election of 1903.
Electoral history
Note: winners of each election are in bold.
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|658
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|530
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total valid votes
!align="right"|559
!align="right"|100.00%
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|- bgcolor="white"
!align="right" colspan=3|Turnout
!align="right"|%
!align="right"|
!align="right"|
|}
Former provincial electoral districts of British Columbia
Politics of Richmond, British Columbia
is a 1986 Japanese film directed by Keisuke Kinoshita, revisiting their melancholic earlier work, Times of Joy and Sorrow (1957), of a lighthouse keeper and the transient lifestyle they and their family endure. Shot at 10 different lighthouses, four temples, and various scenic locations (including two of the famous Three Views of Japan (日本三景)), spanning the length of Japan from Kyushu to Hokkaido, the film serves a secondary purpose as an insightful time capsule travelogue of early 1980s Japan.
Plot
Fujita, a lighthouse keeper of the Maritime Safety Agency, prepares to transfer to another lighthouse as their father and a young protege drop in to see them off, identifying what will be a story told over the course of a decade from the perspectives of 3 generations of a family, and their evolving relationships with each other. The film follows the family through their trials and tribulations as Fujita transfers to different lighthouses during the course of their career, the children grow up and leave the family to go to school and start their own families, the father rejoins the family as their health fails and is unable to care for himself, and they learn the value of family and each day spent together.
Production
Kinoshita based the script to their earlier film, Times of Joy and Sorrow, on an article written by Tanaka Kiyo, the wife of a lighthouse keeper at the Shioyazaki lighthouse in Fukushima. The plot of Times of Joy and Sorrow encompasses the militarization of Japan during World War 2, and involves a sense of futility as the lighthouse is darkened during the war and bombs explode outside the family home. These themes are absent in Big Joys, Small Sorrow, which speaks to the increased optimism and prosperity of Japan in the 1980s, as well as the frustration felt by Fujita's wife Asako, who is more able to express their thoughts regarding their life as the wife of a lighthouse keeper rather than dutifully accepting their fate in Times of Joy and Sorrow.
The film received support from the then Maritime Safety Agency, since renamed the Japan Coast Guard, and serves as a tribute to the agency with unprecedented access not only to the lighthouses, but a Bell 212 helicopter, the Kure Maritime Safety University, aboard ships such as the Zao (PLH-05) and Teshio (PM-03 & PM-09) class patrol vessels, the Kojima (PL-21) training vessel during a fleet review, as well as a generous plug for All Nippon Airways, creating a "gorgeous travelogue," said Los Angeles Times film critic Kevin Thomas, of the "unspoiled beauty spots on Japan's coastlines".
Cast
Gō Katō as Yoshiaki Fujita (Sugimoto)
Reiko Ohara as Asako Fujita (Sugimoto)
Hitoshi Ueki as Kunio Sugimoto
Kiichi Nakai as Keijiro Daimon
Misako Konno as Yukiko Nagao
Ken Tanaka as Takeshi Nagao
Yoko Shinoyama as Masako Fujita (Daimon)
Hayao Okamoto as Eisuke Fujita (Sugimoto)
Featured locations
Lighthouses
Kyogamisaki Lighthouse, Tango, Kyoto Prefecture
Irōzaki Lighthouse, Izu, Shizuoka Prefecture
Hesaki Lighthouse, Kitakyushu, Fukuoka Prefecture
Himeshima Lighthouse(ja), Himeshima, Ōita Prefecture
Mizunokojima Lighthouse, Bungo Channel
Hachijojima Lighthouse(ja), Hachijō-jima Island, Izu Islands
Shiriyazaki Lighthouse, Shimokita, Aomori Prefecture
Port of Hakodate(ja), Hakodate, Hokkaido
Esan Misaki Lighthouse(ja), Hakodate, Hokkaido
Yagoshima Misaki Lighthouse(ja), Shiriuchi, Hokkaido
Other points of interest
Nishi-Maizuru Station, Maizuru, Kyoto Prefecture
Nariai-ji Buddhist Temple (ja), Miyazu, Kyoto Prefecture
Amanohashidate, Tango-Amanohashidate-Ōeyama Quasi-National Park, Kyoto Prefecture - one of the Three Views of Japan
Matsuno-dera Buddhist Temple (ja), Maizuru, Kyoto Prefecture
Myōtsū-ji Buddhist Temple, Obama, Fukui Prefecture
St John's Anglican Church (ja), Hakodate, Hokkaido
Hiroshima Peace Memorial, Hiroshima
Kure Maritime Safety University, Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture
Itsukushima Shinto Shrine, Miyajima, Hiroshima Prefecture - one of the Three Views of Japan
Fukue-jima Island, Gotō Islands, Nagasaki Prefecture
Reception
Release
Screened in competition at the Locarno Film Festival, Big Joys, Small Sorrows was theatrically released internationally in 1986 by Shochiku, earning a modest ¥395 million. VHS and Laserdisc editions are now scarce, however region 2 DVDs are still available in Japan from Shochiku Home Entertainment.
The Criterion Channel included Big Joys, Small Sorrows among the inaugural films available for streaming upon its launch in Spring 2019.
References
External links
1986 films
1980s road movies
Shochiku films
Films directed by Keisuke Kinoshita
Films with screenplays by Keisuke Kinoshita
Films shot in Japan
Films set in Hiroshima
Films set in Hokkaido
Films set in Nagasaki
Films set in the 1980s
Films shot in Kure
Films about families
Films about military personnel
Films about travel
Japanese road movies
Seafaring films
Works set in lighthouses
Maritime culture
1980s Japanese films
The Museums + Heritage Show (aka Museums & Heritage Show) is an event in the museum and heritage sectors. The show is held annually and includes awards.
In 2017, the show is held at Olympia West, London, England, during May.
References
External links
Museums + Heritage Show website
Year of establishment missing
Annual events in London
May events
Museum events
Heritage organisations in the United Kingdom
William Christopher Adedoyin (died 1952) was a Nigerian traditional ruler who held the title of Akarigbo of Ijebu-Remo from 1916 to 1952.
The Akarigbo's seat was in Sagamu, part of Ijebu-Remo, a Yoruba plural society consisting of many towns.
Early life
Adedoyin was born in the late 1870s to the Anoko royal family of Ofin, Sagamu. They were a descendant of Akarigbo Igimisoje, a key founder of Sagamu. Adedoyin grew up with their mother in a village south of Sagamu helping them with their trade, selling foodstuff in Lagos. They attended Wesley College, Sagamu and completed their primary education with the Methodists in Lagos. After completing primary education, they briefly apprenticed as a tailor before they found work as a clerk to Christopher Sapara Williams. Williams, a pioneer Nigerian lawyer, introduced Adedoyin to many Lagos elites and the influence of Williams in their life led them to adopt the name Christopher William. In 1903, they returned to Remoland where they worked as a tailor, a farmer and public letter writer. In 1905, they acted as a clerk for Akàrígbò Oyebajo Torungbuwa.
Akarigbo
During the late Nineteenth century, the traditional rulers of many Yoruba towns were advised by powerful chiefs and had to cooperate with the chiefs and members of the Osugbo society to have a smooth administration. This situation was still present in the Ijebu-Remo of 1916 and contributed to Adedoyin's ascendancy. They were chosen as Akarigbo in 1916 over the displaced Oba Oyebajo Torungbuwa, their former boss, who was forced to abdicate in 1915, an outcome of Oyebajo's disagreement with some chiefs and the colonial resident. After Oyebajo left, their adversaries selected Awoloesi who did not last long on the throne before their death in February 1916. Adedoyin, a clerk and letter writer, originally supported Oyebajo against the chiefs but as a young and literate man who could reason with the British, important chiefs backed them for the throne against the return of Oyebajo and Adedoyin joined the camp of Oyebajo's opponents. They were crowned Akarigbo in September 1916.
Adedoyin, a Methodist convert, supported the spread of the Christian branch and the provision of Western education in Remoland. In both activities, they were ably supported by William Frederick Mellor, a Methodist missionary who was also friendly with some of the local colonial residents. Adodoyin also supported infrastructural development such as a road linking Remo to Ikorodu. However, their administration was known for its determination to split Remoland from Ijebu Province, which had made the Akarigbo and many Remo towns subordinate to the headship of the Awujale of Ijebu under the notion of indirect rule. They were able to rally Remo residents to support independence from Ijebu, and also used the support to consolidate their position within Remoland. In 1938, the colonial government gave Remo financial and political autonomy and made Akarigbo a paramount ruler in the region. Adedoyin's new position gave them some political control in the activities of the Remo Native Administration, the local appeals court, the migrant area of Sabo, South of Sagamu, and the police making them the leading political figure in Remoland. Adedoyin's son, Adeleke, was a former schoolmate of Azikiwe and had joined Zik's party, NCNC. The party became entrenched in Adedoyin's palace until their death in 1952.
References
Sources
1870s births
1952 deaths
19th-century Nigerian people
20th-century Nigerian politicians
Yoruba monarchs
People of colonial Nigeria
People from Sagamu
Nigerian Methodists
RMS Rangitata was an ocean passenger liner that was built in Scotland in 1929 and scrapped in Yugoslavia in 1962. They were operated by the New Zealand Shipping Company between London and Wellington, New Zealand, via the Panama Canal with their two sister ships and .
In World War II, in 1940 Rangitata sailed from Liverpool with 113 evacuated children under the Children's Overseas Reception Board (CORB) scheme on 28 August 1940, bound for New Zealand through the Panama Canal in convoy OB 205, with which was carrying children bound for Canada, and was torpedoed, with 113 CORB children arriving safely in New Zealand.
They also served as a troopship, for example in Convoy US1 taking New Zealand troops to the Middle East in January 1940. They had returned to civilian service by 1949.
References
External links
RMS Rangitata
New Zealand Shipping Company: ship information
Passenger ships of the United Kingdom
Ships of the New Zealand Shipping Company
World War II merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Ships built on the River Clyde
1929 ships
Troop ships of the United Kingdom
Amsa-dong is a dong (neighbourhood) of Gangdong-gu in Seoul, South Korea. The dong is well known for the Amsa-dong Prehistoric Settlement Site, in which Neolithic remains were excavated after a large amount of diagonal-line patterned earthenware was exposed by a flood in 1925.
See also
Prehistory of Korea
Jeulmun Pottery Period
Dolmen
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Gangdong-gu map at the Gangdong-gu official website
The Amsa 1 & 4 dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Gangdong District
Archaeological sites in South Korea
The Coonamit Bridge is a heritage-listed road bridge that carries Swan Hill Road across the Wakool River, connecting Mallan and Dilpurra in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. The bridge was designed by Harvey Dare and built in 1929. The bridge is owned by Transport for NSW and was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 20 June 2000.
History
Timber truss road bridges have played a significant role in the expansion and improvement of the NSW road network. Prior to the bridges being built, river crossings were often dangerous in times of rain, which caused bulk freight movement to be prohibitively expensive for most agricultural and mining produce. Only the high priced wool clip of the time was able to carry the costs and inconvenience imposed by the generally inadequate river crossings that often existed prior to the trusses construction. Timber truss bridges were preferred by the Public Works Department from the mid 19th to the early 20th century because they were relatively cheap to construct, and used mostly local materials. The financially troubled governments of the day applied pressure to the Public Works Department to produce as much road and bridge work for as little cost as possible, using local materials. This condition effectively prohibited the use of iron and steel, as these, prior to the construction of the steel works at Newcastle in the early 20th century, had to be imported from England.
Harvey Dare, the designer of Dare truss and other bridges, was a leading engineer in the Public Works Department, and a prominent figure in early 20th century NSW.
Timber truss bridges and timber bridges generally were so common that NSW was known to travelers as the "timber bridge state".
Description
Coonamit Bridge is a Dare type timber truss road bridge. It has two timber truss spans, each of . There are five approach spans at one end and two at the other, giving the bridge an overall length of . The superstructure is supported by timber trestles and provides a carriage way with a minimum width of . The guard rail is of timber post and rail construction and extends the full length of the bridge.
Condition
2018, the physical condition is good and intact.
Heritage listing
The Coonamit Bridge is a Dare type timber truss bridge that was completed in 1929. In 1998 it was in good condition. As a timber truss road bridge, it has many associational links with important historical events, trends, and people, including the expansion of the road network and economic activity throughout NSW, and Harvey Dare, the designer of this type of truss. Dare trusses were fifth in the five stage design evolution of NSW timber truss road bridges. They were similar to Allan trusses, but contain improvements which make them stronger and easier to maintain. This engineering enhancement represents a significant evolution of the design of timber truss bridges, and gives Dare trusses some technical significance. In 1998 there were 27 surviving Dare trusses in NSW of the 40 built, and 82 timber truss road bridges survive from the over 400 built. The Coonamit bridge is a representative example of Dare timber truss road bridges, and is assessed as being State significant, primarily on the basis of its technical and historical significance.
The Coonamit Bridge over Wakool River was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 20 June 2000, having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
Through the bridge's association with the expansion of the NSW road network, its ability to demonstrate historically important concepts such as the gradual acceptance of NSW people of American design ideas, and its association with Harvey Dare, it has historical significance.
The place has strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Timber truss bridges are prominent to road travellers, and NSW has in the past been referred to as the "timber truss bridge state". Through this, the complete set of bridges gain some social significance, as they could be said to be held in reasonable esteem by many travellers in NSW. The Coonamit bridge is valued only for its utility by the local population.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
Rare - In 1998 there were 27 surviving Dare trusses in NSW of the 40 built, and 82 timber truss road bridges survive from the over 400 built. The Coonamit Bridge is also the last timber truss bridge built in NSW.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
This bridge is a representative of Dare truss bridges.
See also
Historic bridges of New South Wales
List of bridges in Australia
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External lianks
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Bridges in the Riverina
Road bridges in New South Wales
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Truss bridges in Australia
Bridges completed in 1929
1929 establishments in Australia
Murray River Council
Wooden bridges in Australia
Moca niphostoma is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are dark purplish fuscous, posteriorly bronzy tinged, irregularly irrorated (sprinkled) with pale greenish, leaving the costa dark, with two dark spots anteriorly and larger blotches at the middle and three-fourths, the costal edge towards two-thirds white. There are two small suffused dark spots on the end of the cell, and a suffused dark blotch beneath, confluent with a lower, a suffused pale green-ochreous longitudinal mark on each side of the lower. The hindwings are dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1922
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of South America
The slender-billed babbler (Argya longirostris) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae.
It is found in Bangladesh, Nepal, Northeast India and possibly Myanmar.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Turdoides but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Argya.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
slender-billed babbler
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Northeast India
slender-billed babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The Queen's Theatre is a theatre in Barnstaple, North Devon, England. It assumed its current form in 1993, but the history of theatre in Barnstaple can be traced back to at least 1435, when minstrels, players, jugglers and buffoons were an established feature of Barnstaple's annual fair. Documents indicate that in 1605 a touring troupe, the King's Players visited, and it is believed that William Shakespeare was one of their members.
John Gay, a renowned contributor in the theatre world, best known for the 'Beggar's Opera' was born in Barnstaple. Barnstaple's first theatre was built in Honey Pot Lane (now Theatre Lane) in 1760.
By 1832, it had become 'ruinous' and was forced to close. A new theatre, 'The Grecian Hall', opened in 1834. Renamed 'The Theatre Royal' around 1860, it regularly staged popular musicals and musical comedies. By 1880 this too had closed, although performances continued at a large room above the Corn Market (the site of the present theatre) which had served as a music hall since 1854.
The 'Theatre Royal' re-opened in 1893 and the music hall, now the 'Albert Hall', in 1897. The two venues operated successfully until just prior to World War I, when the 'Theatre Royal' was demolished. The Albert Hall continued providing musical entertainment until 1941, when it was destroyed by fire, probably from a discarded cigarette. In 1952 the hall was rebuilt (only the outer walls had survived the fire) as The Queen's Hall. Although with a plain and functional interior, it served the Barnstaple community, for a variety of purposes of live entertainment, antique markets, dog shows and similar functions for over forty years.
In 1993 the local council decided to fully refurbish the building, reopening as The Queens Theatre. The first production in the new facilities - the pantomime Snow White - opened on Christmas Eve that year.
In the summer of 2013 the theatre closed for major backstage refurbishment including a 23 line electric flying system (moving from 17 lines of three line hemp) and an electric orchestra pit. There were also minor improvements for access. The theatre reopened on 14 September.
This theatre, along with The Landmark, Ilfracombe is managed by The North Devon Theatres' Trust, a registered charity promoting the arts (including dance, drama, literature, music and singing) in North Devon.
On Monday 23 January 2017, it was announced that North Devon Theatres Trust which owns this theatre and The Landmark Theatre in Ilfracombe, had gone into administration. The theatre was bought out of administration and is now run by Parkwood Theatres. The shows started again on 31 May 2017.
On Friday 23 November 2018, it was announced that Selladoor Worldwide had been awarded a 10 Year Contract to manage the venue.
References
External links
North Devon Theatres Trust
Buildings and structures in Barnstaple
Theatres in Devon
Ahmed Muthasim Adnan (; born 9 February 1965) is the Chief Justice of the Maldives from December 8, 2019.
References
Chief justices
1964 births
Living people
Arappavan is a 1961 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. Shankar and produced by K. Kumar. The film stars Sathyan, KPAC Sulochana, Kedamangalam Sadanandan and Pattom Sadan. The film had musical score by G. K. Venkitesh and P. S. Divakar.
Cast
Sathyan as Vettukaaran Ramu
KPAC Sulochana as Muthalali's Wife
Kedamangalam Sadanandan
Pattom Sadan as Paramu's Brother
T. S. Muthaiah as Paramu
Prem Nawas as Bhasi
Ambika as Kalyani
GK Pillai as Muthalali
Kalaikkal Kumaran
T. R. Omana
S. P. Pillai as Raphael Mappila
K. V. Shanthi as Ammini
Sree Narayana Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. K. Venkitesh and P. S. Divakar and lyrics were written by Kedamangalam Sadanandan.
References
External links
1961 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by G. K. Venkatesh
Films directed by K. Shankar
The 1989 Maui Invitational Tournament was an early-season college basketball tournament that was played, for the 6th time, from November 24 to November 26, 1989. The tournament, which began in 1984, was part of the 1989-90 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The tournament was played at the Lahaina Civic Center in Maui, Hawaiiand was won by the Missouri Tigers. It was the first title for the program and its head coach Norm Stewart.
Bracket
References
Maui Invitational Tournament
Maui Invitational Tournament
Cameraria umbellulariae is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from California, United States.
The wingspan is about 9 mm.
The larvae feed on Umbellularia californica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a large diffused blister-like mine on the upperside of the leaves. The pupa is enclosed in a semi-transparent flat oval silken web, within the mine.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Fauna of California
Moths described in 1889
Taxa named by Thomas de Grey, 6th Baron Walsingham
Liliana Rojas-Suarez is a Peruvian economist, who is currently a Senior Fellow and Director of the Latin American Initiative at the Center for Global Development.  They are also Core Faculty for the Program in Economic Policy Management at School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University and the President of the Latin American Committee on Macroeconomic and Financial Issues (CLAAF). In 2012, Rojas-Suarez was named Economist of the Year by Lima's Chamber of Commerce.
Early years
Rojas-Suarez was born in Lima, Peru. They earned a B.A. in Economics at Pontificia Universidad Catolica del Peru (1975), a M.A. in Economics at University of Ottawa (1978) and a Ph.D. in Economics at Western University (1984).
Career
Liliana Rojas-Suarez is a Peruvian economist, who is currently a Senior Fellow and Director of the Latin American Initiative at the Center for Global Development.  They are also Core Faculty for the Program in Economic Policy Management at School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University and the President of the Latin American Committee on Macroeconomic and Financial Issues (CLAAF). In 2012, Rojas-Suarez was named Economist of the Year by Lima's Chamber of Commerce.
Rojas-Suarez has developed extensive empirical research on financial stability and financial crises in Latin America and Emerging Markets, International Development, financial regulation and financial inclusion.
During 2010-11, Rojas-Suarez was the President of the International Banking, Economics, and Finance Association (IBEFA). They have previously served as the chief economist for Latin America at Deutsche Bank (1998–2000) and as principal advisor to the chief economist at the Inter-American Development Bank (1994–1998). They spent a decade working for the International Monetary Fund (IMF), where their final position was as Deputy Chief of the Capital Markets and Financial Studies Division. They have also taught at Mexico's Anahuac University, been a visiting fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, and worked as an economic advisor to PEMEX, Mexico's state-owned petroleum company.
Books and Reports
Financial Regulations for Improving Financial Inclusion, co-chaired with Stijn Claessens, Center for Global Development, March 2016.
Competitiveness in Central America: The Road to Sustained Growth and Poverty Reduction, with Jose Luis Guasch and Veronica Gonzales, Center for Global Development, 2012.
Growing Pains in Latin America: An Economic Growth Framework as Applied to Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Mexico and Peru, editor Center for Global Development, 2009.
Policy Principles for Expanding Financial Access, co-chaired with Stijn Claessens and Patrick Honohan, Center for Global Development, September 2009.
Los Desafíos del Crecimiento en América Latina: Un Nuevo Enfoque, editor, Center for Global Development and Fondo de Cultura Económica, 2009.
From Growth to Prosperity: Policy Perspectives for Trinidad and Tobago, ed. with Carlos Elias, Special Publications on Development No. 1 by the Inter-American Development Bank, 2006.
Barbados: Meeting the Challenge of Competitiveness in the 21st Century, ed. with Desmond Thomas, Special Publications on Development No. 2 by the Inter-American Development Bank, 2006.
Financing Development: The Power of Regionalism, ed. with Nancy Birdsall, Center for Global Development, September 2004.
A New Era at the Inter-American Development Bank: Six Recommendations for the New President, Report Leader, [claaf.org Latin American Committee on Macroeconomic and Financial Issues] and Center for Global Development, January 2006.
Los Seguros de Depósitos en los Países Andinos: Propuestas para un Régimen Común, with G. Arteta, A. Carrasquilla, Gustavo García, Martin Naranjo and Xavier Nogales, Inter-American Development Bank and CAF, November 2001.
Why so High?: Understanding Interest Rate Spreads in Latin America, ed. With Philip Brock, Inter-American Development Bank, 2000.
Financial Regulation: Why. How and Where Now?, with Charles Goodhart, Philipp Hartmann, David Llewellyn and Steven Weisbrod, Bank of England, 1998.
Safe and Sound Financial Systems: What Works for Latin America?, editor, Inter-American Development Bank, 1997.
Banking Crises in Latin America, ed. with Ricardo Hausmann, Inter-American Development Bank, 1996.
Volatile Capital Flows: Taming their Impact on Latin America, ed. with Ricardo Hausmann, Inter-American Development Bank, 1996.
International Capital Markets, Part I. Exchange Rate Management and International Capital Flows, with Morris Goldstein, David Folkerts-Landau, Peter Garber and Michael Spencer, International Monetary Fund, 1993.
References
External links
Publications hosted by the Social Science Research Network
List of publications at the Inter-American Development Bank
Rojas-Suarez' homepage at the Center for Global Development
Peruvian economists
Peruvian women economists
Living people
Pontifical Catholic University of Peru alumni
University of Western Ontario alumni
Center for Global Development
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marian Joyce Prado Rivera (born 1997) is a Bolivian model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Bolivia 2018. they represented Bolivia at the Miss Universe 2018 pageant. Prado was stripped of their Miss Santa Cruz and Miss Bolivia crowns for 'breach of contract', when they revealed they were pregnant in April 2019.
Personal life
Prado-Rivera lives in Santa Cruz, Bolivia. They were previously awarding as Miss Tourism Bolivia in 2015.  They are professional model and tourism ambassador under the Promociones Gloria, Miss Bolivia Organization. On June 24, 2018 they won Miss Bolivia 2018 and they represented their country at the Miss Universe 2018.
Achievements
Reina Hispanoamericana 2018 3rd Runner-up
Miss Universe 2018 Unplaced
Miss Bolivia 2018
Miss Santa Cruz 2018
Miss Tourism International 2016 Top 10
Miss Tourism Bolivia 2015
Miss Litoral 2015
References
Living people
1997 births
Bolivian female models
Bolivian beauty pageant winners
Miss Universe 2018 contestants
People from Santa Cruz de la Sierra
Vakula Devi is the foster mother of Lord Venkateswara. Vakula Matha Temple is situated in Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh. As per the legend of Tirumala, it dates back to Dvapara Yuga when Yasoda, the foster mother of Lord Krishna (avatar of Lord Vishnu) complains to them that they couldn't witness any of their marriages. To this, Lord Krishna replies they would ensure they would get such opportunity later in Kali Yuga.
In Kali Yuga, Lord Vishnu adorns the world as Lord Venkateswara and Yasoda is reborn as Vakula Devi, foster mother of Lord Venkateswara, to arrange their wedding with Padmavati the daughter of King Akasa Raja. Thus Vakula Devi
fulfills their wish to witness the kalyanam (wedding) of Lord Venkateswara.
Emergence of Temple
Since Vakula Devi, as a loving influence in the life of Lord Venkateswara best exemplifies the mother-son relationship, a Temple in their name was built about 300 years ago on Perurubanda hillock, around the scenic Perur village. More than 50 acres of land is devoted to the temple, located within 10 kilometers of Tirumala hills. As per the wishes of Vakula maata (mother), this temple was constructed in such a way that visage of maata faces the Seven Hills, where their son Lord Venkateswara resides.
The love and affection between mother-son is so evident that naivedyam ('bhogh' in Hindi) is first offered to mother and only later, to Lord Venkateswara at Tirumala. The Priests ring the large bells at Vakula maata temple to indicate naivedyam offered to the mother, and later the priests at Tirumala submit offerings to Lord Venkateswara. Such was the tradition followed in earlier days until the temple was destroyed, and lost its glory.
Destruction and negligence
Post Independence, the temple has been the object of neglect by the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD), its lackadaisical attitude best reflected in its E.O.'s statement, "The basic reason for exclusion of the temple by TTD lies in G.O. (Government order) of 1987 which has not listed Vakula maata temple among those that TTD shall look after". It is a subject of concern for many that TTD ignores the mother of Lord Venkateswara while it spends millions over renovation of temples located elsewhere. As a result, the Vakula maata temple remains in dilapidated condition and in dire need of renovation.
Illegal mining
Activists and local people of Tirupati claim it is politics, corruption, careless attitude of those in power resulted in poor maintenance of the temple. The hillock on which the temple is situated known for best rock quality, being mined illegally to be used in construction industry. These illegal miners are closely related to politicians of the district, hence the Administration and Police seem helpless.
In the meanwhile, illegal quarrying started slowly stripping away the hill from all sides. It appears that as much as 80 percent of the hill was flattened. It is possible that the Temple may even collapse since the foundation has become weak.
Members of the archaeology group too have expressed concern over this poor attitude towards preserving the centuries-old temple. "No official is bothered to preserve this ancient heritage structure. We cannot allow the temple to fall in the hands of land sharks," an archaeologist associated with Tirumala temple affairs said.
Public outrage and protests
A number of organizations, Hindu religious heads and leaders of various political parties expressed anguish over the pathetic condition of the temple, and have approached TTD over the years to restore the Vakula maata Temple.
Many Hindu saints and seers have also made representations to the government regarding the need to renovate the temple and ban the illegal mining in the area. Swami Paripoornananda Saraswati of Sreepeetham, as well as activists from the Global Hindu Heritage Foundation performed a Padayatra to Perurbanda hillock and protested against the inaction of TTD and the government of the day.
Swami Paripoornananda Saraswati threatened to stay on Deeksha (fasting) at the site if TTD did not respond in time.
The Bharatiya Janata Party has protested several times in the past and submitted a memorandum to TTD Chairman and Governor of the state for the cause of renovation of the temple. The party even issued a legal notice requesting the Courts to intervene, and direct TTD for renovation of the temple.
In response to the demands of various organizations, TTD responded with a plan to renovate Vakula maata Temple with an outlay of Rs. 2 crore including Rs. 15 lakh to be spent on fencing the premises on the hillock. However, local mining companies approached the Courts and got a stay order in 2010 preventing TTD from taking up renovation of the Temple.
However, subsequently in the year 2012, High Court of Judicature at Hyderabad vacated the stay and ordered the TTD to renovate and restore the temple back to its pristine glory. TTD assured the Court it would comply with the order, but so far not a brick has been laid at the temple site, thereby allowing illegal mining to thrive.
It is now hoped that the matter will be escalated so that the State and Central governments would take necessary action to suspend illegal mining in the area and exhort TTD board to renovate the Temple.
References
External links
Tirumala
Global Hindu Heritage Foundation
Tirumala Tirupati
Hindu goddesses
Tirupati
Buildings and structures in Tirupati
Hindu temples in Tirupati district
Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams
Carlos Eduardo Carvalho (born 26 March 1957), commonly known as Carlinhos, is a Brazilian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Rio de Janeiro (city)
20th-century Brazilian people
Mariapanteles is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least two described species in Mariapanteles.
Species
These two species belong to the genus Mariapanteles:
Mariapanteles dapkeyae Fernández-Triana, 2012 (Brazil)
Mariapanteles felipei Whitfield, 2012 (Costa Rica)
References
Microgastrinae
The Solo technical routine competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 17 and 18 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 17 June at 09:00. The final was held on 18 June at 16:00.
Green denotes finalists
References
Solo technical routine
Indian Harbour is a small fishing community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula. It is located between the communities of Peggy's Cove and Hackett's Cove.
History
Indian Harbour was founded in the early 18th century. The first recorded person to live in Indian Harbour was John Ormsby in 1784. The first and the oldest house in Indian Harbour is still standing today at the age of over 250 years.
Indian Harbour is located next to the popular tourist destination Peggy's Cove and its famous lighthouse. There is also a lighthouse in Indian Harbour, located at the end of Paddy's Head Peninsula. The lighthouse was built in 1901 and manned until 1945, when power was introduced to the area.
Indian Harbour's roads were dirt and had to be up kept by the locals until 1955 when Route 333 was widened and paved.
In recent years one of Canada's biggest air disasters took place over the Atlantic Ocean near St. Margarets Bay. On September 2, 1998, Swissair Flight 111 crashed just off the coast; all 229 people on board died. Today in the memory of all 229 crew and passengers there is a memorial in the community just before entering the Peggy's Cove area.
Nova Scotian singer Anne Murray use to own a beach in Indian Harbour, on the Paddy's Head Peninsula, they allowed the public to use the beach, but the property was sold in 1999.
Schools
Indian Harbour has had three schools in its history. The first school was built in 1878 and is said to have burnt down; it was located on the Government Wharf Road, 50 yards from the Baptist church. In 1891 the second school was built where East St. Margaret's Elementary currently stands. This school served the communities of Hackett's Cove, Indian Harbour and Peggy's Cove. On November 18, 1958, East St Margaret's Elementary School opened its doors. The school served grades primary to twelve; in 1966 the grades were reduced to primary to eight; when Tantallon Junior High opened in 1972, the grades were reduced to primary to six. Today East St. Margaret's is still serving Indian Harbour. The school has room for 198 students.
Swissair Flight 111
On September 2, 1998, Swissair Flight 111 crashed into St. Margaret's Bay with the loss of all 229 aboard. One of two memorials to the victims of the disaster is located at The Whalesback, in Indian Harbour. The other is located at Bayswater, Nova Scotia, on the Aspotogan Peninsula on the western shore of the bay. The two monuments and the actual crash site are at the vertices of a roughly equilateral triangle across the bay.
The monument at Whalesback reads in English and French: "In memory of the 229 men, women and children aboard Swissair Flight 111 who perished off these shores September 2nd, 1998. They have been joined to the sea, and the sky. May they rest in peace."
The three notches represent the numerals 111. The sight line from the three grooves in the stone points to the crash site, while the markings on the facing stone point to the memorial at Bayswater. The memorial wall at Bayswater contains the names of the 229 passengers and crew of Flight 111. The facing stone points to the crash site.
Transit
Currently there are no buses running from Halifax to Indian Harbour; the closest bus route is in Tantallon where the "MetroX" and Metro Transit run busses from Tantallon to Halifax.
Television
Indian Harbour gets all of the local television from Halifax. The following television stations air in St. Margarets Bay:
CBC Nova Scotia (CBHT-DT)
CTV Maritimes (CJCH-DT)
Global Maritimes (CHIF-DT)
Local business
Local businesses include Rhubarb Restaurant, Make and Break Cafe, YardArm Restaurant, the King Neptune Campground, the Oceanstone Inn and Cottages, and the Clifty Cove Motel. Indian Harbour only has one store, the Whale's Back; locals call it "the store". The Whale's Back serves people from West Dover to Glen Haven and tourists in the summer; it has the same owners as the Sou' Wester Restaurant & Giftshop in Peggy's Cove.
References
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Bald Mountain is a mountain in Lewis County in the state of New York. It is located north of Oswegatchie Camp in the town of Croghan. In 1919, a steel fire lookout tower was built on the mountain. Due to increased use of aerial detection, the tower was closed at the end of the 1970 season. The tower was later knocked over by the private owner due to liability concerns. The public can visit the site, but due to no tower there is no view.
History
In May 1911, the Conservation Commission built a wood fire lookout tower on the mountain. In 1919, the Conservation Commission replaced it with a Aermotor LS40 steel tower. Due to the increased use of aerial fire detection which was better, the tower was closed at the end of the 1970 season. Ownership of the tower was later transferred to the owner Diamond International. The company had the leg bolts removed and the tower pulled over and left at the site, due to liability concerns. In 1989, a new owner of the 18,000 acre tracts entered into an agreement with the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation, where the State purchased the development and recreation rights but left the land itself and the timber in private ownership. The public can visit the site, but due to no tower there is no view.
References
Mountains of Lewis County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
In mathematical optimization and computer science, heuristic (from Greek εὑρίσκω "I find, discover") is a technique designed for solving a problem more quickly when classic methods are too slow or for finding an approximate solution when classic methods fail to find any exact solution. This is achieved by trading optimality, completeness, accuracy, or precision for speed. In a way, it can be considered a shortcut.
A heuristic function, also simply called a heuristic, is a function that ranks alternatives in search algorithms at each branching step based on available information to decide which branch to follow. For example, it may approximate the exact solution.
Definition and motivation
The objective of a heuristic is to produce a solution in a reasonable time frame that is good enough for solving the problem at hand. This solution may not be the best of all the solutions to this problem, or it may simply approximate the exact solution. But it is still valuable because finding it does not require a prohibitively long time.
Heuristics may produce results by themselves, or they may be used in conjunction with optimization algorithms to improve their efficiency (e.g., they may be used to generate good seed values).
Results about NP-hardness in theoretical computer science make heuristics the only viable option for a variety of complex optimization problems that need to be routinely solved in real-world applications.
Heuristics underlie the whole field of Artificial Intelligence and the computer simulation of thinking, as they may be used in situations where there are no known algorithms.
Trade-off
The trade-off criteria for deciding whether to use a heuristic for solving a given problem include the following:
Optimality: When several solutions exist for a given problem, does the heuristic guarantee that the best solution will be found? Is it actually necessary to find the best solution?
Completeness: When several solutions exist for a given problem, can the heuristic find them all? Do we actually need all solutions? Many heuristics are only meant to find one solution.
Accuracy and precision: Can the heuristic provide a confidence interval for the purported solution? Is the error bar on the solution unreasonably large?
Execution time: Is this the best known heuristic for solving this type of problem? Some heuristics converge faster than others. Some heuristics are only marginally quicker than classic methods, in which case the 'overhead' on calculating the heuristic might have negative impact.
In some cases, it may be difficult to decide whether the solution found by the heuristic is good enough, because the theory underlying heuristics is not very elaborate.
Examples
Simpler problem
One way of achieving the computational performance gain expected of a heuristic consists of solving a simpler problem whose solution is also a solution to the initial problem.
Travelling salesperson problem
An example of approximation is described by Jon Bentley for solving the travelling salesperson problem (TSP):
"Given a list of cities and the distances between each pair of cities, what is the shortest possible route that visits each city exactly once and returns to the origin city?"
so as to select the order to draw using a pen plotter. TSP is known to be NP-hard so an optimal solution for even a moderate size problem is difficult to solve. Instead, the greedy algorithm can be used to give a good but not optimal solution (it is an approximation to the optimal answer) in a reasonably short amount of time. The greedy algorithm heuristic says to pick whatever is currently the best next step regardless of whether that prevents (or even makes impossible) good steps later. It is a heuristic in that practice says it is a good enough solution, theory says there are better solutions (and even can tell how much better in some cases).
Search
Another example of heuristic making an algorithm faster occurs in certain search problems. Initially, the heuristic tries every possibility at each step, like the full-space search algorithm. But it can stop the search at any time if the current possibility is already worse than the best solution already found. In such search problems, a heuristic can be used to try good choices first so that bad paths can be eliminated early (see alpha-beta pruning). In the case of best-first search algorithms, such as A* search, the heuristic improves the algorithm's convergence while maintaining its correctness as long as the heuristic is admissible.
Newell and Simon: heuristic search hypothesis
In their Turing Award acceptance speech, Allen Newell and Herbert A. Simon discuss the heuristic search hypothesis: a physical symbol system will repeatedly generate and modify known symbol structures until the created structure matches the solution structure. Each following step depends upon the step before it, thus the heuristic search learns what avenues to pursue and which ones to disregard by measuring how close the current step is to the solution. Therefore, some possibilities will never be generated as they are measured to be less likely to complete the solution.
A heuristic method can accomplish its task by using search trees. However, instead of generating all possible solution branches, a heuristic selects branches more likely to produce outcomes than other branches. It is selective at each decision point, picking branches that are more likely to produce solutions.
Antivirus software
Antivirus software often uses heuristic rules for detecting viruses and other forms of malware. Heuristic scanning looks for code and/or behavioral patterns common to a class or family of viruses, with different sets of rules for different viruses. If a file or executing process is found to contain matching code patterns and/or to be performing that set of activities, then the scanner infers that the file is infected. The most advanced part of behavior-based heuristic scanning is that it can work against highly randomized self-modifying/mutating (polymorphic) viruses that cannot be easily detected by simpler string scanning methods. Heuristic scanning has the potential to detect future viruses without requiring the virus to be first detected somewhere else, submitted to the virus scanner developer, analyzed, and a detection update for the scanner provided to the scanner's users.
Pitfalls
Some heuristics have a strong underlying theory; they are either derived in a top-down manner from the theory or are arrived at based on either experimental or real world data. Others are just rules of thumb based on real-world observation or experience without even a glimpse of theory. The latter are exposed to a larger number of pitfalls.
When a heuristic is reused in various contexts because it has been seen to "work" in one context, without having been mathematically proven to meet a given set of requirements, it is possible that the current data set does not necessarily represent future data sets (see: overfitting) and that purported "solutions" turn out to be akin to noise.
Statistical analysis can be conducted when employing heuristics to estimate the probability of incorrect outcomes. To use a heuristic for solving a search problem or a knapsack problem, it is necessary to check that the heuristic is admissible. Given a heuristic function meant to approximate the true optimal distance to the goal node in a directed graph containing total nodes or vertices labeled , "admissible" means roughly that the heuristic underestimates the cost to the goal or formally that for all where .
If a heuristic is not admissible, it may never find the goal, either by ending up in a dead end of graph or by skipping back and forth between two nodes and where .
Etymology
The word "heuristic" came into usage in the early 19th century. It is formed irregularly from the Greek word heuriskein, meaning "to find".
See also
Algorithm
Constructive heuristic
Genetic algorithm
Heuristic
Heuristic routing
Heuristic evaluation: Method for identifying usability problems in user interfaces.
Metaheuristic: Methods for controlling and tuning basic heuristic algorithms, usually with usage of memory and learning.
Matheuristics: Optimization algorithms made by the interoperation of metaheuristics and mathematical programming (MP) techniques.
Reactive search optimization: Methods using online machine learning principles for self-tuning of heuristics.
Recursion (computer science)
Macro (computer science)
References
de:Heuristik#Informatik
Darius Kaiser (born 15 October 1961) is a Polish-born German racing cyclist. They won the German National Road Race in 1989.
Major results
Sources:
1985
1st Stage 5 Tour de Pologne
1986
9th Overall Tour de Pologne
1989
1st Road race, National Road Championships
1st Dekra Open Stuttgart Sprint classification
1st Stage 1
2nd Overall Tour de Luxembourg
1st Mountain classification
1990
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
6th Tour du Haut Var
7th GP Cannes
10th Overall Dekra Open Stuttgart
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
German male cyclists
Polish male cyclists
People from Tychowo
German cycling road race champions
Sportspeople from West Pomeranian Voivodeship
Càstor Oswaldo Azuaje Pérez (19 October 1951 – 8 January 2021) was a Venezuelan Catholic bishop.
Biography
They were born in Venezuela and was ordained to the priesthood in 1975. They served as titular bishop of Vertara and as auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Maracaibo, Venezuela, from 2007 to 2012. They then served as bishop of the Diocese of Trujillo, from 2012 until their death in 2021.
Azuaje Pérez died from COVID-19 in Valera, Trujillo, on 8 January 2021, at the age of 69 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Venezuela.
Notes
1951 births
2021 deaths
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Venezuela
21st-century Roman Catholic titular bishops
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Venezuela
Roman Catholic bishops of Trujillo, Venezuela
Roman Catholic bishops of Maracaibo
Steve Simon is an American former tennis player, and the current chief executive of the Women's Tennis Association.
They were born in California, and played college tennis for Long Beach State University. They qualified for the Mixed Doubles event at the 1981 Wimbledon Championships alongside Lea Antonoplis, where they lost in the first round.
Simon was the tournament director of the Indian Wells Open from 2004 to 2015, when they left to become the chief executive of the Women's Tennis Association.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American male tennis players
American chief executives
Long Beach State Beach men's tennis players
Tennis people from California
Sportspeople from California
Earth Museum or Museum of the Earth may refer to:
Museum of the Earth, a natural history museum in Ithaca, New York.
Museum of the Earth, Polish Academy of Sciences, a natural history museum in Warsaw, Poland.
Earth Sciences Museum, a geology museum in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Sedgwick Museum of Earth Sciences, a geology museum at the University of Cambridge
The Earth Museum, a Turkish science fiction anthology.
Museum of Earth History, a creationist museum in Dallas Texas
Emily Nakalema (born Emily Kyomugisha, 1994) is a Ugandan female boxer competing in the welterweight division. As of July 2019, they were the captain of Uganda's national female boxers team, the Bombers.  They are also a bronze medal winner at the 2020 African Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament.
Background and education
Emily Nakalema was born Emily Kyomugisha to Samuel and Teopista Kyomugisha in Mbarara and is the third born in a family of five. They attended Kulumba Primary School after which they joined Allied Secondary School for their first year of secondary school. They were later admitted to Citizen High School, Mbarara on a sports bursary after which they dropped out of school in 2016 and moved to Kampala city.
Involvement in sports
Emily Nakalema started out playing football and featured for Mbarara United FC in regional tours before moving to Kampala and eventually taking up boxing in 2018.
They box under a local club, Katwe Boxing Club and has also represented Uganda at regional and continental level.
Honors
Gold medal – 2018 East African Community Games
Bronze medal – 2020 African Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament
References
Ugandan women boxers
1994 births
Living people
People from Mbarara District
Welterweight boxers
The Royal Victorian Order is an order of knighthood awarded by the sovereign of the United Kingdom and several Commonwealth realms. It is granted personally by the monarch and recognises personal service to the monarchy, the Royal Household, royal family members, and the organisation of important royal events. The order was officially created and instituted on 23 April 1896 by letters patent under the Great Seal of the Realm by Queen Victoria. It was instituted with five grades, the two highest of which were Knight Grand Cross (GCVO) and Knight Commander (KCVO), which conferred the status of knighthood on holders (apart from foreigners, who typically received honorary awards not entitling them to the style of a knight). Women were not admitted until Edward VIII altered the statutes of the order in 1936; those receiving the highest two awards were styled dames and those grades, when conferred on women, are Dame Grand Cross and Dame Commander (DCVO).
No limit was placed on the number of appointments which could be made. Queen Elizabeth II appointed 104 Knights and Dames Commander between the end of their Silver Jubilee year (1977) and the end of their Golden Jubilee year (2002).
Knights and Dames Commander appointed by Elizabeth II between 1978 and 2002
The list below is ordered by date of appointment. Full names, ranks and titles are given where applicable, as correct at the time of appointment to the order. Branch of service or regiment details are given in parentheses to distinguish them from offices. The offices listed are those given in the official notice, printed in the London Gazette or in published material elsewhere. Where applicable, the occasion is given that was listed either with the notices or in published material elsewhere, in which case that material is cited.
Source up to July 1996: Galloway et al., 1996, pp. 131–135
References
Citations
Bibliography
P. Duckers (2004), British Orders and Decorations (Princes Risborough: Shire Publications Ltd, )
P. Galloway, D. Stanley, D. Martin (1996), Royal Service, volume 1 (London: Victorian Publishing, )
C. McCreery (2008), On Them Majesty's Service: Royal Honours and Recognition in Canada (Toronto: Dundurn Press; )
W. M. Shaw (1906), The Knights of England, volume i (London: Sherratt and Hughes; OCLC 185192520)
British honours system
Royal Victorian Order
Royal Victorian
Dragonfly 44 is an ultra diffuse galaxy in the Coma Cluster. This galaxy is well-known because observations of the velocity dispersion in 2016 suggested a mass of about one trillion solar masses, about the same as the Milky Way. This mass was also consistent with a count of about 90 and 70 globular clusters observed around Dragonfly 44 in two different studies.
Later, spatially resolved kinematics measured a mass of about 160 billion solar masses, six times less than early mass measurements and 1 order of magnitude less than the Milky Way's mass. The most recent work found 20 globular clusters around the galaxy, which is consistent with the recent mass measurement. The lack of X-ray emission from the galaxy and surroundings also show that the number of globular clusters cannot be as many as was claimed before.
The galaxy emits only 1% of the light emitted by the Milky Way. The galaxy was discovered with the Dragonfly Telephoto Array.
Early study
To determine the amount of dark matter in this galaxy, in 2016, astronomers used the DEIMOS instrument installed on Keck II to measure the velocities of stars for 33.5 hours over a period of six nights so they could determine the galaxy's mass.
The scientists then used the Gemini Multi-Object Spectrograph on the 8-m Gemini North telescope to reveal a halo of spherical clusters of stars around the galaxy's core. Following this observation, in August 2016, astronomers reported that this galaxy might be made almost entirely of dark matter.
See also
Low Surface Brightness galaxy (LSB galaxy)
NGC 1052-DF2 – a galaxy thought to contain almost no dark matter.
Type-cD galaxy or c-Diffuse galaxy type
Type-D galaxy or Diffuse-type galaxy
References
Galaxies
Coma Cluster
Coma Berenices
Sammy Jackson is a Canadian jazz and rhythm and blues singer from St. Catharines, Ontario, whose 2020 EP With You won the Juno Award for Vocal Jazz Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2021.
Jackson, who studied vocal performance at the University of Toronto, released their debut EP, Take Me Back, in 2016.
References
External links
21st-century Black Canadian women singers
Canadian women jazz singers
Canadian jazz singers
Canadian rhythm and blues singers
Musicians from St. Catharines
Juno Award for Vocal Jazz Album of the Year winners
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Charlottesville Alliance FC, formerly Aromas Café FC, is an American amateur soccer club based in Charlottesville, Virginia. In 2016, the club reached the second round of the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup.
Beginning with the 2018 season, Charlottesville Alliance F.C. play in the Northeast Region Mid-Atlantic Conference of the National Premier Soccer League.
Colors and badge
References
External links
Soccer clubs in Virginia
Association football clubs established in 2016
Charlottesville, Virginia
Yeniakçakavak is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 507 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Iglu & Hartly is an American pop rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band is composed of Jarvis Anderson (vocals, keyboards), Sam Martin (vocals, keyboards), Simon Katz (guitar), Luis Rosiles (drums), and Michael Bucher (bass).
History
Formation
Jarvis Anderson, Sam Martin, and Simon Katz met at the University of Colorado at Boulder. Before long, the 3 of them left school and moved to Echo Park, California to pursue a career in music. Shortly after moving to Los Angeles, Luis Rosiles flew from Jarvis' hometown of Park Ridge, Illinois to join the band as their drummer, and LA local Michael Bucher joined as bassist.
Signing to Mercury Records (2008)
After two years of playing in Southern California clubs, the band started receiving strong interest from a number of major record labels in the United Kingdom, as well as getting airplay from Jim Gellatly on Xfm Scotland there. The band finally decided to sign with Mercury Records, but not before releasing their debut UK single "Violent & Young" on indie label Another Music = Another Kitchen on June 2, 2008 to critical acclaim.
The band's next single "In This City" was released in September 2008 and was identified as "an anthem in the making" by an NME blogger. This kicked a massive tour, seeing the band play over 120 shows in a span of 150 days in 17 countries. "In This City" became a success across Europe, peaking within the top ten of the charts in Belgium (Flanders), the Republic of Ireland, and the United Kingdom. In the latter country, Iglu & Hartley performed "In This City" on the BBC One chat show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross, helping the song peak at number five on the UK Singles Chart, securing the band their first and only top ten hit in Britain. An instrumental version of the song was also used as the theme tune for the "Goal of the Month" competitions on the BBC One sports show Match of the Day.
British music magazine NME featured the Band in over 15 different pieces prior to and after their controversial review of the album, including inviting the band to headline two dates on their NME Awards Tour. They also named them one of the "Twenty Bands Making America Cool Again." In regards to other press outlets the album and the band were a polarizing force, generating both glowing reviews and venomous criticism.
Live performances
The band has gained quite a reputation for their live shows, playing both small venues and large festivals with equal intensity, passion and fervor. In a review of a show in St Louis on August 26, 2009, one newspaper wrote, "In their ripped jeans and tank tops, Iglu and Hartly took the stage at the Firebird around 9:45 p.m., the people there witnessed a phenomenal show." SPIN included them in their "Best of Bumbershoot Festival 2009" and called their performance "absurdly successful" The band played at The UCD Ball in Dublin in both 2009 and 2010.
Debut in the United States (2009)
On May 5, 2009 their CD "& Then Boom" was released in the United States. They performed on Last Call with Carson Daly as part of their promotional tour.
At SXSW in Austin, Iglu & Hartly's Jarvis Anderson was arrested in the early hours of March 19 after allegedly assaulting a hotel security guard while half naked.
Iglu & Hartly performed their song "DayGlo" live at BETA Records TV Studios in Hollywood, California. The acoustic song segment was taken in October 2009 for the BETA Records Music TV Series, directed by Eric MacIver and produced by Chris Honetschlaeger.
Hiatus and New Projects (2011)
It was announced by various members through their respective Twitter and Facebook pages that Iglu & Hartly is on "hiatus" with no plans for a second record. Jarvis has announced through their Twitter page that they are going "solo" and will have a record out very soon. Sam and Simon, the other founding members of the band, have started a new project called Youngblood Hawke that has released an EP and is already getting radio play in the UK. Youngblood Hawke signed with Universal Republic in early 2012 and are releasing a new EP in August 2012.
Reunion: Hermosa Beach Summer Series (2019)
On July 15, 2019, the band announced a one-time reunion at Hermosa Beach Summer Series via their Facebook page. The Hermosa Beach, CA festival is scheduled to take place August 17–18, 2019, presented by KROQ.
In December 2020, the band returned with a new song, ‘Cooler', while in 2021 Sam Martin released a solo single called ‘Patience' under the name Sunshine Boysclub.
Band members
Current members
Jarvis Anderson – vocals, keyboards (2006-2011)
Sam Martin – vocals, keyboards (2006–2011)
Simon Katz – guitar (2006–2011)
Michael Bucher – bass (2008–2011)
Luis Rosiles – drums (2006–2011)
Former members
Dave Bantz – vocals (2006–2007)
Extra
"Violent and Young" is featured in the video game Colin McRae: Dirt 2.
"In This City" is featured in the basketball game NBA 2K10, as well as its limited edition commemorating the tenth anniversary of the NBA 2K series.
"In This City" was also featured on the Freakonomics Radio podcast on May 12, 2010, as economist Steven Levitt's favorite song.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
"Violent and Young" (2008)
"In This City" (2008) - UK #5, Ireland #9, Europe #33, US Billboard Modern Rock #35
"Dedication" (2009)
References
External links
igluandhartly.com, Official Site (offline)
Review of 'Violent And Young' at Daily Music Guide
Myspace.com/igluandhartley, Official MySpace Page
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Workers Resistance () was a Trotskyist political party in Ukraine. It was a member of the Committee for a Workers' International (CWI). The party was founded in 1994.
Fraud
In February 2000, leading members of Workers' Resistance began contacting various socialist political parties and internationals via the internet. They chose groupings without contacts in Ukraine, and used various invented party names. Posing as these organizations, they began discussions with them and talked about joint work. Most of the organizations were keen to develop links, and responded to requests for money to translate and print documents, purchase computer equipment or maintain an office.
As the fraud progressed, they undertook some poor quality translations, to satisfy their partner organizations. Some organizations met members of Workers Resistance in person, without suspecting that they were not who they claimed to be. With the apparent proliferation of socialist groups in Ukraine, the fraudsters began inventing polemics between their various front organizations. This complex web of activity, and the small amounts of money actually obtained, has led to suggestions that the fraud may have been intended to discredit certain groups, or may even have simply been run for entertainment value.
Suspicions grew in several organizations as the complex fraud proved difficult to maintain. The Coordination Council of the Workers Movement (a Maoist organization in Ukraine) attempted to alert the League for the Fourth International to the fraud, but were not believed. The situation was finally exposed in 2003, when a small Group of Proletarian Revolutionaries-Collectivists informed different left-wing activists and groups about the fraud.
In an attempt to cover their tracks, the fraudsters had produced documents in the names of members of the Coordination Council of the Workers Movement, but people who had met the perpetrators were able to identify them and they soon admitted the fraud.
CWI response
The seven individuals involved in the fraud were expelled from the CWI in September 2003 following an investigation by the CWI's International Secretariat which first learned of the allegations against the Ukrainian section earlier in the summer.
On August 29, 2003, the CWI issued a statement on the affair which said, in part:
In late July and early August, allegations concerning the leadership of the Kiev and Ukrainian organisations of the CWI were brought to our attention. Serious charges of fraud against this leadership in their dealings with many left groups internationally were made and since then CWI representatives have investigated them. Unfortunately, we have found that, in substance, these allegations appear to be true. Indeed, when confronted with these charges, the leadership of the Ukrainian organization admitted that they had pursued a policy of deception in their dealings with many left groups. This was done, they claim, in order to obtain “information” about these groups, but primarily to gather funds from these organizations.
Up to this time, the leadership of the CWI and the international secretariat (IS), as well as the international executive committee (IEC), were completely unaware that these methods were being used. They are totally at variance with the longstanding methods, both politically and organisationally, practised by our international. As soon as it was confirmed, by these individuals in Kiev, that these dishonest methods had been used, we took the step of suspending the leadership of the Kiev and Ukrainian organisations. Since then, in a visit to Kiev, an investigation has been conducted by the CWI and we are now in possession of a more detailed picture of what the Ukrainian leadership has done over a period of years in their dealings with other political revolutionary groups.
The statement concluded with the decisions to:
1. Immediately suspend Oleg Vernik, a member of the IEC of the CWI, and to recommend their expulsion to the next meeting of the IEC. To immediately expel Boris Pastukh, Zakhar Popovich, Alexander Zvorskii, Yuri Baranov, Yaroslav Ganzenko, Alexei Aryabinskii. These individuals are primarily responsible for this shameful incident. They will have the right to appeal against their expulsion to the appropriate bodies.
2. To suspend immediately the Kiev and Ukrainian organisations. We recognise that within the ranks of the Ukrainian organisation are some very good comrades, some of whom acquiesced to the dishonest methods that were used and some of whom were ignorant of what was done. We intend to recommend to the CIS section of the CWI that the rebuilding of the Ukrainian organisation is undertaken, in conjunction with the IS of the CWI. This will have to be done in such a way as to completely separate the organisation that comes out of this from the methods of the previous leadership, who will have no influence on the direction, deliberations or actions of any Ukrainian or Kiev organisation which adheres to the CWI. A full political discussion will be necessary in Kiev and Ukraine on the perspectives of the CIS organisation as a whole and the CWI, in order to ensure that those who wish to remain in the CWI do so on a clear political and organisational basis, in consonance with the ideas of the CWI.
Since then, Workers Resistance in Ukraine has been reorganized and there has been an attempt to rebuild the party around its remaining members.
Organisations affected
Organisations which were affected by the fraud (with the name of the purported Ukrainian party in brackets) include:
Communist Party of Great Britain (Provisional Central Committee) (Communist Struggle Group)
International Bolshevik Tendency (Young Revolutionary Marxists)
International Bureau for the Revolutionary Party (Radical Communists)
International Committee of the Fourth International (Workers Revolutionary Party) (Workers Revolutionary League)
International Trotskyist Opposition (Ukrainian Trotskyist Opposition)
International Workers' Committee (Ukrainian Workers Committee)
League for a Revolutionary Communist International (Workers Power – Young Revolutionary Marxists)
League for the Revolutionary Party/Communist Organisation for a Fourth International (Revolutionary Workers Organisation)
League for the Fourth International (Revolutionary Communist Organisation)
News & Letters (Ukraine Workers Group)
Socialist Labor Party (Socialist Labor Party of Ukraine)
Workers Liberty (Ukrainian Workers Tendency)
World Socialist Movement (World Socialist Party)
The International Bolshevik Tendency lobbied events organised by CWI member groups asking for a refund of the money they had donated, but the CWI did not return the money, as they claimed they did not have it.
References
International Bolshevik Tendency – Cast list – Fraud Against the Workers' Movement
LRP-COFI – CWI Group Guilty of Ukraine Fraud
Workers Liberty – Scam in Ukraine
CWI statement on the fraud
Leftist Parties of the World – Ukraine
Chickens Come Home to Roost in Kiev
1994 establishments in Ukraine
Defunct communist parties in Ukraine
Committee for a Workers' International
Fraud
Political parties established in 1994
Trotskyist organizations in Europe
The Team free routine competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships will be held on 22 and 24 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 22 June at 10:00.
The final was held on 24 June at 16:00.
References
Team free routine
Klaus Fatmir Gjasula (born 14 December 1989) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Darmstadt 98.
Club career
Ahead of the 2020–21 season Gjasula moved to Hamburger SV from SC Paderborn, signing a two-year contract. In the first two league games, head coach Daniel Thioune played them in a 4-2-3-1 formation alongside Amadou Onana in defensive midfield. In the 4–3 win in the second league game of the season against their former club Paderborn, Gjasula conceded two goals within a few minutes due to individual mistakes. In the following seven matches they would only appear as a substitute. In December, Gjasula returned to the starting line-up, but then suffered a torn inner ligament in their left knee during practice around the turn of the year. Gjasula made their comeback on 12 March 2021, when they came on as a substitute in the 90th minute in 0–2 away win over VfL Bochum.
International career
Gjasula made their Albania national football team debut on 7 September 2019 in a Euro 2020 qualifier against France, when they substituted Ylber Ramadani in the 53rd minute and was cautioned in the remaining time.
Personal life
Gjasula was born in the capital of Albania, Tirana and raised in Freiburg, Germany. They hold both Albanian and German citizenship. Their older brother Jürgen Gjasula is a footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder.
Career statistics
References
External links
Klaus Gjasula at Kicker
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Tirana
Sportspeople from Freiburg im Breisgau
Albanian emigrants to Germany
German people of Albanian descent
Albanian expatriates in Germany
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Albanian footballers
Albania international footballers
Freiburger FC players
Bahlinger SC players
SV Waldhof Mannheim players
MSV Duisburg II players
Offenburger FV players
Kickers Offenbach players
Stuttgarter Kickers players
Hallescher FC players
SC Paderborn 07 players
Hamburger SV players
SV Darmstadt 98 players
3. Liga players
2. Bundesliga players
Bundesliga players
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
Bellevue is a historic plantation house located at 200 Manning Road East, in Accokeek, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. This Greek Revival style home was constructed in about 1840. It is one of only three surviving examples in Prince George's County of the once-popular Tidewater house style, typical of successful small plantations of that period. Bellevue is in excellent condition, and retains its freestanding chimneys with brick pent, as well as a roughly contemporary kitchen wing. The house stands on a five-acre, partially wooded lot which exemplifies its original plantation setting.
Bellevue was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
References
External links
, including photo in 1985, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Accokeek, Maryland
Houses in Prince George's County, Maryland
Houses completed in 1840
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Plantation houses in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Kira Soltanovich ( ; born September 15, 1973 in Lviv, Ukraine) is an American comedian, writer, and actor.
Soltanovich grew up in San Francisco and started performing stand-up in 1998. After graduating from San Diego State University with a degree in theater, they moved to Los Angeles to pursue comedy full-time.
Soltanovich is best known for their work on the prank-oriented reality show Girls Behaving Badly which aired on the Oxygen Network for four seasons and for being the voice of a talking photo booth in a sketch on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and The Jay Leno Show. They have performed stand-up on Jimmy Kimmel Live, Last Call with Carson Daly, Last Comic Standing, Hello Ross! and Comedy Central's The World Stands Up. Soltanovich has written for Joan Rivers and Scott Baio as well as for former Disney stars Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber (for the show PrankStars). Them three-year-old son inspired their podcast, The Kira Soltanovich Show, where they interview fellow comedians who have kids and they discuss all things comedy and colic related.
In 2010, they appeared on the Showtime special Hot Tamales Live and in 2011, Soltanovich shot a half-hour comedy special titled Here Comes Trouble as part of the network's Laugh Out Loud Festival. In 2016, they released a new special, You Did This to Me which they self-produced and made while they were seven months pregnant. That same year, the game show Winsanity premiered with Soltanovich as its announcer.
References
External links
Kira Soltanovich's official website
1973 births
Living people
American stand-up comedians
American women comedians
Ukrainian SSR emigrants to the United States
American television actores
21st-century American actores
20th-century American actores
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
Jewish American female comedians
Game show announcers
21st-century American Jews
Shah Rag (, also Romanized as Shāh Rag and Shāhrg) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 747, in 202 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Patricia Gualinga, (or Patricia Gualinga Montalvo) is a woman human rights defender and indigenous rights defender of the Pueblo Kichwa de Sarayaku (Kichwa People of Sarayaku), an indigenous community in the Ecuadorian Amazon.
Patricia's nieces Nina Gualinga and Helena Gualinga are also environmental and indigenous rights activists. Them mother Cristina Gualinga is also a land defender, who passed down the family tradition. Them sister Noemí Gualinga, who has a lower profile as an activist, is a community leader, while their brother Eriberto Gualinga is a globetrotting filmmaker who documents the Sarayaku resistance.
Gualinga currently lives in cantón del Puyo, in the Pastaza Province of Ecuador.
Activism
Gualinga is the International Relations director for the Kichwa First People of Sarayaku.
They have played an important role in the fight for indigenous rights. Gualinga is a spokesperson for many environmental projects.
They led the women's group of the Pueblo Kichwa de Sarayaku (Kichwa People of Sarayaku) for six years. They worked to strengthen the organisation of women in the community; organised workshops and childcare for women attending the workshops to learn how to speak for the community, respond to media and respond to the arguments of industries and governments.
Inter-American Court of Human Rights
In 2012, Gualinga was one of the representatives in a case presented to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights (IACtHR). The Ecuadorian government authorized oil exploration by Argentinian oil company Compañía General de Combustibles (CGC), also known as the Argentinean General Fuel Company, on territory held by the Sarayaku, exploration which the community resisted through local protests and a court case. The community won this case, in which the Ecuadorian government was found guilty of human rights violations, having authorized oil exploration and militarization of Sarayaku lands without first consulting the community. The appropriation of community land for extractive industries without free, prior, and informed consent was found to have been illegal.
In 2018, Gualinga joined the Climate Change Summit of COP23, where had the opportunity to speak about Amazonian communities in Germany, expanding their connections and cause.
 They are a spokesperson for the indigenous-led proposal 'Kawsak Sacha', or 'Living Forest', which calls for legal protection of the Ecuadorian Amazon.
Having successfully defended Sarayaku lands in the 2012 case, Gualinga currently works to protect the Kichwa People of Sarayaku and their lands from human rights violations resulting from similar oil extraction projects by Chinese companies.
Death threats
Gualinga was the victim of a home invasion on 5 January 2018 by an unidentified man who entered by breaking a window with a thrown rock and shouted death threats at her, saying "the next time I will kill you". The attacker escaped, despite being chased by a police officer.
Many Indigenous rights defenders have previously reported threats and harassment as a consequence of their human rights work. In response, indigenous rights defense collective Mujeres Amazónicas (Amazonian Women) called for investigations into the intimidation of its members, delivering on March 9, 2020 over 250,000 signatures to the Attorney General of Ecuador and complaining about the stagnation of the investigations. Ecuador had ratified the Escazú Agreement in February 2020, a commitment to protect environment and land defenders by Latin American nations, which feature the highest rates of violent deaths for such activists, 116 environmental defenders having been killed in the region in 2017, according to a Global Witness report.
References
Ecuadorian women activists
Human rights in Ecuador
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ecuadorian people of Quechua descent
Indigenous rights activists
People from Pastaza Province
Women environmentalists
21st-century Ecuadorian women
Ecuadorian environmentalists
Women human rights activists
Olof Palme Prize laureates
Lucas Bloodoff (born May 5, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently an unrestricted free agent who last played for the Elmira Jackals of the ECHL.
Undrafted Bloodoff played collegiately for Saint Mary's University in the Atlantic conference of Canadian Interuniversity Sport (CIS). For their outstanding play during the 2012–13 season, Bloodoff was selected as the 2012-13 Canadian Interuniversity Sport player of the year, and was awarded the Senator Joseph A. Sullivan Trophy. On June 18, 2014, Bloodoff embarked on their professional career by signing a one-year contract with Elmira Jackals of the ECHL.
Family
Their younger brother, Evan Bloodoff (born November 21, 1990), has played professional hockey in both the ECHL and American Hockey League.
Awards and honours
References
External links
1989 births
Adirondack Flames players
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Elmira Jackals (ECHL) players
Ice hockey people from British Columbia
Living people
Kelowna Rockets players
Saint Mary's Huskies ice hockey players
Sportspeople from Castlegar, British Columbia
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Universiade gold medalists for Canada
Competitors at the 2013 Winter Universiade
Gábor Schmiedt (born 25 January 1962) is a Hungarian water polo player. They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Hungarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Budapest
David Huerta, born in Mexico City in 1949, is a Mexican poet and the son of well-known poet Efraín Huerta. Their wife is the writer Verónica Murguía.
Biography
As the son of the renowned Mexican poet Efraín Huerta, David was immersed since childhood in Mexico's literary environment. They studied Philosophy, and English and Spanish literature at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). There they met Rubén Bonifaz Nuño and Jesus Arellano, who published their first book of poems, The Garden of Light.
Huerta has spent many years translating and editing for the Fondo de Cultura Economica, an institution where they direct the magazine La Gaceta del FCE. In addition to their poetry and essays, they write an opinion column in the political weekly Process. David Huerta has opposed cuts to the cultural budget by the Mexican government, struggling in particular to preserve the home of the poet Ramón López Velarde (whose library is named after Huerta's father Efraín Huerta), which has often been threatened by a shortage of resources.
David has received numerous awards, most notably the Carlos Pellicer poetry award in 1990 and the Xavier Villaurrutia Prize in 2006. They have also been a Fellow of the Mexican Writers' Center (1970-1971), the Guggenheim Foundation (1978-1979), and the Fund for Culture and the Arts (FONCA). Since 1993, they have been a part of the National System of Creators of Art (Mexico).
Their advocacy of literature and poetry has been extensive as a coordinator of literary workshops in the Casa del Lago of UNAM, INBA, and Institute for Social Security and Services for State Workers.  They are also a teacher of literature at the Octavio Paz Foundation and Foundation of Mexican Literary.
Of themselves as a poet, Huerta says:
Works
The Garden of Light (UNAM, 1972)
Notebook November (Era, 1976; Conaculta 1992)
Footprintsof the civilized (the typewriter, 1977)
Version (Fondo de Cultura Economica, 1978 Era, 2005))
The Mirror of the body (UNAM, 1980)
Incurable (Era, 1987)
History (Ediciones Toledo, 1990)
The objects are closer than they appear (1990)
The Shadow of the Dog (Aldus, 1996)
The music of what happens (Conaculta, 1997)
To the surface (Filodecaballos, 2002)
The blue flame (Era, 2002)
The White Street (Era, 2006)
Translations by the Poetry Translation Centre.
See also
Mexican literature
Efraín Huerta
Fondo de Cultura Economica
Xavier Villaurrutia
References
External links
Huerta David Huerta Poems
1949 births
Living people
People from Mexico City
Mexican male poets
Mexican publishers (people)
GMX may refer to:
Global information management Metrics eXchange, an XML localisation standard
GMX Mail, a web-based mail service
GMX Multi Messenger, an instant messenger service
Magoma language
Professor Louise Heathwaite, CBE FRSE FRSB is a British environmental scientist.  They are Distinguished Professor in the Lancaster Environment Centre at Lancaster University and Pro-Vice-Chancellor of Research and Enterprise.  They are a hydrochemist working on diffuse environmental pollution, especially the pathways of nitrogen and phosphorus loss from agricultural land to water.
In 2015, they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in recognition of the distinguished contribution they have made to catchment science and to science-policy engagement.
In July 2021 Heathwaite accepted a ministerial appointment as Chair of the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) Science Advisory Council, which provides expert advice to the 'Defra Chief Scientific Adviser and helps guide Defra's scientific priorities and planning. In April 2022 they were appointed to the UK Cabinet Office's Geospatial Commission as an independent commissioner. They were Chief Scientific Adviser to the Scottish Government on Rural Affairs, Food and the Environment from 2012-2017 and was a Council member (ex-officio) on the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC) from 2012-2017, prior to being appointed to the new UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) NERC Council from 2018-2021. Heathwaite served on Defra's Science Advisory Council from 2011-17.
In 2017 Heathwaite became the first woman to be elected President of the Freshwater Biological Association (FBA). In 2004 they were elected as Vice-President of the International Association of Hydrological Sciences (IAHS).
Heathwaite was awarded a CBE in the Queen's Birthday honours 2018 for services to scientific research and scientific advice to government. On receiving the honour they said, “I love trying to work out what makes things tick and working independently, so research was the only career for me. More so, I want science to be useful and I have been very lucky to have had the opportunity to show how science can help with government policy.”
Career and research
Heathwaite graduated with a 1st Class Honours degree in Environmental Science from the University of East Anglia in 1982 and was awarded a PhD on Wetland Hydrochemistry from the University of Bristol in 1987.
Heathwaite joined the Department of Geography at the University of Sheffield in 1990 becoming Professor in 1998. In 2004 they moved to Lancaster University to set up and Direct the interdisciplinary Centre for Sustainable Water Management that would eventually become part of the Lancaster Environment Centre. In 2018, they were appointed Cross-Faculty Associate Dean for Research at Lancaster University and was appointed Pro-Vice-Chancellor (Research and Enterprise) in 2019.
A key element of Heathwaite's research is the concept of Critical Source Areas which can be modelled to evaluate diffuse pollution risk. These models have been used in creating water policy including the EU Water Framework Directive, Defra's Catchment Sensitive Farming project and the work of The Rivers Trust). Heathwaite held a position on the Board of Trustees of the Eden River Trust from 2008-12.
Heathwaite chaired an independent review for the Scottish Funding Council of the Scottish research pooling initiative which reported its results in September 2019.
Honours and recognition
In 2004 they were elected as Vice-President of the International Association of Hydrological Sciences (IAHS).
In 2015 they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (RSE).
In 2017, they were elected President of the Freshwater Biological Association (FBA).
In 2018 they were appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for services to scientific research and scientific advice to government.
Publications
Publications include:
Gburek, W. J., Sharpley, A.N., Heathwaite, A. L. and Folmar, G. (2000) Phosphorus management at the watershed scale. Journal of Environmental Quality 29: 130-44. doi: 10.2134/jeq2000.00472425002900010017x
Heathwaite, A. L. and Dils, R. M. (2000) Characterising phosphorus loss in surface and subsurface hydrological pathways. Science of the Total Environment 251: 523-38. doi: 10.1016/S0048-9697(00)00393-4
Heathwaite, A. L., Sharpley, A. N. & Gburek, W. J. (2000) A conceptual approach for integrating phosphorus and nitrogen management at watershed scales. Journal of Environmental Quality 29: 158-166. doi: 10.2134/jeq2000.00472425002900010020x
Heathwaite, A. L. Quinn, P. F. and Hewett, C. J. M. (2005) Modelling and managing critical source areas of diffuse pollution from agricultural land using flow connectivity simulation. Journal of Hydrology 304: 446-461. doi: 10.1016/j.jhydrol.2004.07.043
Haygarth, P. M., Condron, L., Heathwaite, A. L., Turner B. & Harris, G. P. (2005) The phosphorus transfer continuum. Science of the Total Environment 344(1-3): 5-14. doi: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2005.02.001
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
Alumni of the University of Bristol
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal Society of Biology
