William Dell Lindsley (December 25, 1812 – March 11, 1890) was a one-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1853 to 1855.
Biography
Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Lindsley attended the common schools.
They moved to Buffalo, New York, in 1832 and soon after to Erie County, Ohio, settling near Sandusky.
They engaged in agricultural pursuits.
They served as captain in the Ohio Militia from 1840 to 1843 and as brigadier general in 1843.
Congress
Lindsley was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-third Congress (March 4, 1853 – March 3, 1855).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1854 to the Thirty-fourth Congress. They resumed agricultural pursuits.
Death
They died in Perkins Township, Ohio, March 11, 1890. They were interred in Oakland Cemetery, Sandusky, Ohio.
Sources
1812 births
1890 deaths
Politicians from New Haven, Connecticut
People from Sandusky, Ohio
American militia generals
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Sergey Aleksandrovich Popov (Russian: Сергей Александрович Попов; born on 21 July 1949), is a Russian politician, who was a Member of the Federation Council of Omsk Oblast on legislative authority between 29 September 2016 and February 2018.
Popov had also been a member of the State Duma of the IV-VI convocations.
 They are a member of the United Russia party.
Biography
Sergey Popov was born in Moscow on 21 July 1949.
From 1966 to 1971, they were a student of the Moscow Mining Institute.
They graduated from the Moscow Mining Institute in 1971.
From 1971 to 1973, they were an engineer at the Moscow Research Institute of Radio Communications.
From 1973 to 1976, they were an instructor, and the head of the department of the Zhdanovsky Komsomol District Committee in Moscow.
Between 1976 and 1983, they were an instructor, and the deputy head of the Zhdanovsky CPSU District Committee department in Moscow. They graduated from the Moscow Institute of Management named after S. Ordzhonikidze in 1982.
Between 1983 and 1990, they were an instructor, head of the sector, and the deputy head of the department of the CPSU Moscow City Committee.
They graduated from the Moscow Higher Party School in 1987. They have a PhD in Political Science.  They are a professor of the Academy of Military Sciences. While working at the Moscow City Committee of the CPSU, they were responsible for organizing mass events in the capital, with demonstrations and processions, sports and tourism. They were a deputy head of the headquarters for the Goodwill Games in 1984 and the 12th World Festival of Youth and Students in 1985, participated in events related to the 1000th anniversary of the Baptism of Russia.
From 1990 to 1992, they were the Deputy Executive Director of the Council of the General Confederation of Trade Unions of the USSR.
Between 1992 to 1995, Popov was the Deputy General Director of the Creative Association "Russian Directorate" LLP, director of the "Russian Christmas" project. They participated in the organization of concerts, with "Alla Pugacheva's Christmas Meetings", and toured of world music stars together with Stas Namin. In 1992, they arranged in France Russian Christmas in Paris.
In 1995, they were promoted to Executive Director, and was the Senior Manager of Taganka Trade Center OJSC.
Between 1995 and 2001, Popov was the First Deputy Director-Executive Director, Director of the Interregional Public Institution "People's House". They were the Chairman of the Council of the All-Russian Public Movement "All-Russian Union of People's Houses" from 1998 to 2001.
In 1996, Popov was the executive director of the headquarters of the election campaign of Boris Yeltsin in the presidential elections.
In 1999, Popov was appointed deputy head of the headquarters of the Unity electoral bloc in the elections to the State Duma, then was promoted as the chairperson of the Central Executive Committee of the Unity party from 2000 to 2001, and was the chairperson of the commission of the political council of the party on regional policy. Twice they were the financial commissioner of the candidate in the presidential elections, Vladimir Putin.
Between December 2000 to 2003, Popov was the member of the Federation Council from the administration of the Ust-Orda Buryat Autonomous Okrug. They were a member of the Committee on Federation Affairs and Regional Policy; Deputy Chairman of the Commission on Regulations and Organization of Parliamentary Activities; member of the Commission on Rules and Parliamentary Procedures; Member of the Commission on Methodology for the Implementation of the Constitutional Powers of the Federation Council of the Russian Federation.
On 1 December 2001, at the founding congress of the United Russia party, Popov was elected a member of its General Council, later a member of the Presidium of the General Council.
In 2003, Popov became a member of the State Duma, and was a member of the United Russia faction.
Between 2003 to 2011, they were the Chairman of the State Duma Committee on Public Associations and Religious Organizations.
In 2004, they were the President of the Inter-Parliamentary Assembly of Orthodoxy. In 2007, they were the head of the party project "Historical Memory".
From January to December 2012, they were demoted to First Deputy Chairman of the State Duma Committee on Public Associations and Religious Organizations. From 2012 to 2015, they were the Chairman of the State Duma Committee on the regulations and organization of the work of the State Duma. In March 2012, they have been a member of the State Duma Commission for Controlling the Accuracy of Information on Income, Property and Property Liabilities Submitted by State Duma Deputies. In 2015, they were a member of the State Duma Defense Committee. In October 2015, they have been the first deputy head of the United Russia faction in the State Duma.
They were a member of the Presidium of the General Council of the United Russia party.
On 29 September 2016, Popov became a Member of the Federation Council, a representative of the legislative authority of Omsk Oblast. They were the Deputy Chairman of the Federation Council Committee on Regulations and Organization of the Work of Parliamentary Activities. Popov left the Federation Council in February 2018, as they have been Advisor to the General Director of the State Space Corporation Roscosmos.
 They are the author of a number of books, brochures and articles on the development of the political system in Russia, the results of election campaigns, commentaries on the laws "On the Public Chamber of the Russian Federation", "On the Procedure for Appeal of Citizens" and a number of others.
Initiatives
As a member of parliament of the State Duma, Popov from 2004 to 2016, had more than 50 laws adopted, providing for:
ensuring the implementation of the constitutional rights of citizens to participate and hold rallies, demonstrations, pickets, meetings
the procedure for citizens to apply, freedom of conscience and religion
the development of civil society institutions: non-profit organizations, including socially oriented, public and religious associations, public chambers and monitoring commissions for the observance of the rights of citizens in places of detention
the improvement of the activities of political parties, the procedure for their functioning, financing and media coverage
the procedure for the transfer of religious property
the organization of parliamentary and public control
the protection and preservation of monuments of historical and cultural heritage.
Family
 They are married and has a son, Andrey.
References
1949 births
Living people
United Russia politicians
Politicians from Moscow
Recipients of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland", 4th class
Recipients of the Order of Honour (Russia)
Recipients of the Order of Holy Prince Daniel of Moscow
Members of the Federation Council of Russia (after 2000)
Fourth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Fifth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Sixth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Moscow State Mining University alumni
KMJE may refer to:
KVMX-FM, a radio station (92.1 FM) licensed to serve Placerville, California, United States, which held the call sign KMJE or KMJE-FM from 2013 to 2019
KVMX (AM), a radio station (890 AM) licensed to serve Olivehurst, California, which held the call sign KMJE from 2014 to 2017
KCCL, a radio station (101.5 FM) licensed to serve Woodland, California, which held the call sign KMJE from 1996 to 2013
Ōpōtiki College is a state secondary school located in Ōpōtiki, in the Bay of Plenty, North Island, New Zealand.
History
The first secondary schooling available in Ōpōtiki was at the Opotiki District High School, which was established in 1922.
The name was changed in 1953 when Opotiki College opened as a separate secondary school (on its present site).
When Opotiki College came into being in 1953, a new crest was decided on. At the top is a burning lamp. Underneath is a cogged wheel and key. The fern and the mere were added later.
The first motto was in Latin – ; “as the mind is, so is the man”. This was later changed to te reo Māori – ; meaning “The mind is the measure of the man”.
A new logo has recently been developed that has at its centre the Koru.
Kura Ki Uta
The school marae (Maori communal space) was opened in 1981, complete with a dedicated meeting house or wharenui, given the name . The school (Māori Performing Arts team) has taken this name too. The building burned down accidentally in 2014. The reconstructed was rededicated in 2016. The photographs of the House Leaders that had been on display in the original were saved from the fire, but the original tukutuku panels (latticework used to decorate meeting houses) were tragically lost. The carvings on the outside were restored; the original carvings from 1981 had already been replaced. The new {front facing barge boards} represent the local tribes (iwi), Whakatōhea, Tūhoe, Ngāitai and Te Whānau-ā-Apanui. The twelve heavens and ten Atua (gods) are represented on each sidearm and the centre piece, representative of Io, the Supreme being , has representations of the three baskets (kete) of knowledge in Maori tradition (, and ), the influence of the Church and the influence of Maoridom.
School functions are held on the marae ātea, the open space in front of the meeting house, including formal powhiri (Maori welcoming ceremony) for guests, orientation for new students and celebrations of student successes.
School houses
With remarkable inclusivity the traditional school house names cover a diverse range of representatives,
some of New Zealand's foremost representatives in their domains- sports, academic, science, literature, politicians, Ngati Porou, rainbow, Nobel prize winner, Victoria Cross winner.
Freyberg House, named for Lieutenant General Bernard Freyberg
Ngata House, named for Sir Āpirana Ngata
Mansfield House, named for Katherine Mansfield
Rutherford House, named for Lord Ernest Rutherford
Notable people
Dylan "DJ" Collier, Olympian (2021, Sevens), NZ Sevens, 2018 Commonwealth Games Gold Medalist
Luka Connor, Black Fern
Exia Shelford, Black Fern
Sam Henwood, Māori All Black
Murray Ken Hudson recipient of the George Cross
James Rolleston, actor
Frank Shelford, All Black, Māori All Black
Nikki Slade Robinson, author
Leanne Walker, Olympian, (Basketball) and NZ touch
William Walker, Māori All Black
Marilynn Webb, artist
References
Secondary schools in the Bay of Plenty Region
Ōpōtiki
Camille Angela Clare is an American obstetrician and gynecologist.  They are the Chair of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at SUNY Downstate Medical Center and Professor at the College of Medicine and the School of Public Health.
Early life and education
Clare was born to two Jamaican immigrants in New York City, New York. They completed their undergraduate degree in psychobiology from Binghamton University in 1992 and their medical degree from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in 1997. Following this, Clare completed their residency in obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Buffalo in 2001. During their time at Binghamton, they were a member of their Charles Drew Pre-Health Society. Since November 2008, Clare participated in the Charles Drew Alumni Advisory Panel, which is composed of alumni members.
Career
Following their formal education, Clare joined the faculty at the New York Medical College. While working there as an associate professor of Obstetrics and Gynecology, they also directed Resident Research. In 2016, Clare was named the interim associate dean of diversity and inclusion for the School of Medicine. The following year, they were honored by the Harlem Fine Arts Show for their "professional excellence, contributions to the field of medicine, and efforts to groom the next generation of medical professionals." In 2018, Clare was honored with the 2018 Gender Equity Award from the College's chapter of the American Medical Women's Association.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Clare became the Chair of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology and Professor at the College of Medicine and the School of Public Health at the SUNY Downstate Medical Center. Later, they also received the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists's Outstanding District Service Award for "her commitment to addressing health inequity and health care disparities."
References
Living people
American people of Jamaican descent
African-American women physicians
American gynecologists
American obstetricians
Albert Einstein College of Medicine alumni
Binghamton University alumni
New York Medical College alumni
New York Medical College faculty
SUNY Downstate Medical Center faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
Filip Švaříček (born December 30, 1991) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. They played one game in Czech Extraliga with HC Sparta Praha during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga postseason.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Czech ice hockey defencemen
LHK Jestřábi Prostějov players
HC Kobra Praha players
HC Sparta Praha players
Sportspeople from Prague
HC Stadion Litoměřice players
Competitors at the 2017 Winter Universiade
The 2022 Big Ten Baseball Tournament was held at Charles Schwab Field Omaha in Omaha, Nebraska from May 26 through 29. As the tournament champion, Michigan earned the Big Ten Conference's automatic bid to the 2022 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. The tournament aired on the Big Ten Network. This was the first tournament since 2019 after the previous two tournaments were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Format and seeding
The 2022 tournament was an eight team double-elimination tournament. The top eight teams based on conference regular season winning percentage earned invites to the tournament. The teams then played a double-elimination tournament leading to a single championship game.
Bracket
Schedule
References
Tournament
Big Ten Baseball Tournament
Big Ten Baseball Tournament
The Maison Folie Moulins is a public building built for the event Lille 2004, European capital of culture . It is located rue d´Arras in Lille- Moulins, a popular district of Lille.
Description
The Maison Folie is housed in a former brewery of 18th-century, the Corman Vandame brewery, named after its owner from 1881 or the Trois Moulins brewery, closed in 1934. Rehabilitated by the architects Thierry Baron & Philippe Louguet., it reopened its doors in March 2004 to host concerts, shows, exhibitions, screenings, creative residencies and even meetings.
The Folie Moulins house has a total surface area of , divided into several rooms, two outdoor courtyards and two apartments dedicated to artistic creation residences. In 2014, the last building of the brewery, not rehabilitated in 2004, should offer new workspaces at Maison Folie. The buildings of the former Corman Vandame brewery are listed under "Monument historique' in France
Having become a municipal establishment after 2004, the Maison Folie Moulins has since developed an artistic project at the crossroads of disciplines. Thanks to the multiplicity of its spaces and the ambience of its interior courtyard, it creates a mix of proposals, artists and audiences, often in conjunction with many partners from the Lille Eurometropolis.
Bibliography
Page de la maison Folie Moulins sur le site web de Lille
See also
Official site.
References
Buildings and structures in Lille
Tourist attractions in Lille
Packera breweri is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Brewer's ragwort. It is endemic to central California, where it occurs in the woodlands and grasslands of the Central Coast Ranges. They are more frequently found in mid-southern counties of California near the coast, such as Kern or Monterey.
It is a biennial or perennial herb producing one erect stem from a fibrous root and caudex unit. It grows to a maximum height near one meter or slightly taller. It is mostly hairless, but sometimes has tufts of hairs in the leaf axils. The leaves may be up to 30 centimeters long near the base of the plant, their blades so deeply divided into lobes they appear to have leaflets. Each lobe is edged with teeth. Leaves occurring higher on the stem are smaller with narrower lobes.
It tends to flower during its bloom period in April and May. The inflorescence contains many flower heads, each lined with green phyllaries. The head contains many golden yellow disc florets and generally either 8 or 13 narrow yellow ray florets each measuring 1 to 2 centimeters long. The fruit is an achene around a centimeter long, including its pappus of bristles.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Photo gallery
breweri
Endemic flora of California
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Darajani Market (or Bazaar) is the main bazaar in Stone Town, Zanzibar. It is also known as Estella Market (after Countess Estella, sister of Lloyd Mathews, Prime Minister of Zanzibar) and informally as Marikiti Kuu (in swahili, "main market"). The market is located in Darajani Road, in the surroundings of the Anglican Cathedral of Christ.
The main structure of the market was built in 1904 by Bomanjee Maneckjee, for Sultan Ali bin Hamud. It was later extended and restored.
Darajani Bazaar is mainly a food market (seafood, meat, fruits, grains, spices), but there are also shops selling a number of different goods, from consumer electronics to clothing.
See also
Bazaar
Bazaari
Market (place)
Retail
Souq
Notes
Buildings and structures in Zanzibar
Zanzibar City
Retail markets in Tanzania
Tourist attractions in Zanzibar
Maorichiton is a defunct genus of chitons in the family Mopaliidae.
Species
Species within this genus included:
Maorichiton caelatus (Reeve, 1847)
Maorichiton schauinslandi (Thiele, 1909)
These two species are now recognized as a single species Plaxiphora caelata (Reeve, 1847)
References
Mopaliidae
Periplocoideae is a subfamily of the dogbane plant family, Apocynaceae. It was not divided into tribes as of 2014.
Genera
In 2014, the subfamily was circumscribed to contain the following genera:
Atherandra Decne.
Baroniella Costantin & Gallaud
Baseonema Schltr. & Rendle
Batesanthus N.E.Br.
Buckollia Venter & R.L.Verh.
Camptocarpus Decne.
Cryptolepis R.Br.
Cryptostegia R.Br.
Decalepis Wight & Arn.
Ectadium E.Mey.
Epistemma D.V.Field & J.B.Hall
Finlaysonia Wall.
Gymnanthera R.Br.
Hemidesmus R.Br.
Ischnolepis Jum. & H.Perrier
Kappia Venter, A.P.Dold & R.L.Verh.
Maclaudia Venter & R.L.Verh.
Mondia Skeels
Myriopteron Griff.
Parquetina Baill.
Pentopetia Decne.
Periploca L.
Petopentia Bullock
Phyllanthera Blume
Raphionacme Harv.
Sacleuxia Baill. (sometimes included in Cryptolepis)
Sarcorrhiza Bullock
Schlechterella K.Schum.
Stomatostemma N.E. Br. (sometimes included in Cryptolepis)
Streptocaulon Wight & Arn.
Tacazzea Decne.
Telectadium Baill.
Zygostelma Benth.
References
External links
Gentianales subfamilies
Invest in US is an early childhood education initiative and public awareness campaign spearheaded by the bi-partisan, non-profit First Five Years Fund and funded by foundations, corporations, and individuals. The initiative works to expand high quality early childhood programs and research, as well as to offer resources to community leaders working to increase access to early learning.
White House summit on early education
On December 10, 2014, President Obama held the White House Summit on Early Education, attended by officials representing school districts and state and local governments, corporate and community leaders, and other advocates for supporting early education in the U.S.
At the event, the president unveiled to Invest in US initiative, created in partnership with the First Five Years Fund. The initiative's goal is to expand programs, research, and funding for high quality early childhood education. This public-private partnership initially generated $333 million in philanthropic commitments from corporations, foundations, and individuals (total commitments increased to just over $340 million by December 2015). More than $750 million in federal funding for early learning programs through the Preschool Development Grants and Early Head Start-Child Care (EHS-CC) Partnerships were also announced to support early learning for over 63,000 additional children across the country. Of the $750 million total, $250 million was awarded in Education Department grants to these 18 states: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Connecticut, Hawaii, Illinois, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Montana, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Vermont and Virginia. And $500 million in funding from the Health and Human Services Department is going to more than 40 states to expand Early Head Start and child care programs.
To Invest in US and federal funding combined targeted more than $1 billion in funding for early childhood education. Though praised by early learning advocates, the funding was noted by several sources to be far short of the $75 billion, 10-year investment in preschool that President Obama had previously proposed.
ROI of expanded early learning opportunities
The White House made the case that increasing access to high-quality early learning opportunities would not only benefit those children reached but American society generally and that early learning programs actually pay for themselves over time. In a conference call with reporters the day before the White House Summit, Education Secretary Arne Duncan made the case for investing in early education, citing research from Nobel Prize-winning economist James Heckman that showed that every dollar invested in high-quality preschool and other early learning opportunities can generate an $7 ROI.
To Invest in US fact sheet released by the White House on the day of the summit increased that 7-to-1 ROI projection, stating that expanding early learning initiatives should provide benefits to society of around $8.60 for every $1 spent.
Largest corporate and foundation supporters
Corporations and foundations pledging $10 million or more to support to Invest in US initiative included Disney, the J.B. and M.K. Pritzker Family Foundation, the Kresge Foundation, the George Kaiser Family Foundation, PBS and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the Buffett Early Childhood Fund, the Trust for Learning, Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, the David and Laura Merage Foundation, the Greater Cleveland Community Effort, the William Penn Foundation, the Bainum Family Foundation, and Age of Learning, Inc. / ABCmouse.com.
Communities and states
In addition to the organizations and individuals who pledged financial support for Invest in US, 22 communities and states committed to making early childhood programs a policy priority, and over 40 advocacy organizations announced ongoing support of the initiative. Cities supporting the initiative included Boston, Chicago Cleveland, Denver, New York City, San Antonio, San Francisco, Seattle, and Tulsa; states included Alabama, Delaware, Georgia, Nebraska, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia.
Key organizations
The initiative also identified 10 organizations that would continue to help funders with early learning planning grants, technical assistance, communities, and resources: Alliance for Early Success, BUILD, Early Childhood Funders Collaborative, Early Childhood-LINC, National Association of Counties, National Governors Association, National Institute for Early Education Research (NIEER), National League of Cities, The Ounce of Prevention Fund, and the U.S. Conference of Mayors.
Follow-up events and announcements
On March 30, 2015, Invest in US partner Houghton Mifflin Harcourt launched a series of quarterly symposia, called Conversations in Early Learning, to promote collaboration within the early education community. On April 15–16, the 2015 ECEC Invest in US Forum was held in Washington, D.C., “to amplify the voice of high-quality taxpaying and non-profit community early care and education providers” and to hold “discussions of policy issues impacting the provider community.” In September, 2015, Invest in US and other partners announced a new $100 million loan fund to pay for early childhood education providers' classroom renovations and other infrastructure improvements that they project will benefit 36,000 children.
A December 2015 event was held in Washington, D.C. to commemorate the first anniversary of the 2014 White House summit on early childhood education and to announce a related program, the Early Childhood Innovation Network. At the event, Valerie Jarrett, President Obama's senior advisor, spoke about the first year of Invest in US: “Invest in US has continued to press for more children to have this very important access to early education and we've been holding webinars and filming PSAs and meeting with stakeholders from all across the country, and we have just done tremendous work, but we want to keep leading and we want to get everyone engaged.” At the same event, the Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts announced it would become the latest partner in to Invest in US campaign, pledging more than $1 million for early childhood education in 2016.
References
External links
* Invest in US (official website)
Early childhood education in the United States
Education policy in the United States
2014 establishments in the United States
Educational projects
Projects established in 2014
Projects in North America
Mount Heyburn, at is one of the many peaks in the Sawtooth Range of central Idaho. Mount Heyburn is located in Custer County and within the Sawtooth Wilderness portion of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The town of Stanley is located north-northeast of Mount Heyburn. Grand Mogul, , and Mount Heyburn are the two signature peaks that frame the southwest end of Redfish Lake (); all are in the Salmon River watershed.
Redfish Lake and Little Redfish Lake and the visitor services at these locations are only a few miles north of Mount Heyburn. While there are no trails to the top of Mount Heyburn, there are trails around both sides of Redfish Lake, and a boat service that ferries hikers the from Redfish Lake Lodge on the north end of the lake to the south end at regular intervals, for a round trip fee of $19. The drop-off point at the south end is a campground at the base of Mount Heyburn. The best time to climb Mount Heyburn is in the summer (July, August, or September); all routes to up Mount Heyburn are class 5.
Mount Heyburn was named for Weldon Heyburn, a U.S. Senator from Idaho from 1903 until their death in 1912.
Images
See also
List of peaks of the Sawtooth Range (Idaho)
List of mountains of Idaho
List of mountain peaks of Idaho
List of mountain ranges in Idaho
References
External links
Peak Bagger - Mount Heyburn
Summit Post - Mount Heyburn
Sawtooth National Forest - Official Site
Heyburn
Hayburn
Sawtooth National Forest
Richard Stanley is a South African filmmaker, known for their work in the horror genre. They began their career making short films and music videos, and subsequently directed the feature films Hardware (1990) and Dust Devil (1992), both of which are considered cult classics. They were the original director of The Island of Dr. Moreau (1996), but was fired early into principal photography due to creative differences, an episode recounted in the 2014 documentary Lost Soul: The Doomed Journey of Richard Stanley's Island of Dr. Moreau. In 2019, they returned to feature films after more than 20 years, directing the H. P. Lovecraft adaptation Color Out of Space.
Career
Early career (1983–1987)
Stanley's first foray into film making began in high school where they joined the Young Filmmaker's Workshop. Here they created their first film, Rites of Passage. Shot on super-8 stock, the 10-minute short film draws comparisons between modern man and primitive man. The short eventually won Stanley the IAC International Student Film Trophy film award in 1984.
Stanley followed their first success with the ambitious 45-minute 8 mm short Incidents in an Expanding Universe. Set in a future dystopia, the film laid the groundwork for Stanley's cyberpunk feature debut Hardware. It won the IAC Gold Seal Award and was eventually made available on the Severin DVD release of Hardware.
In the mid-1980s, Stanley began work on two more shorts. In a Season of Soft Rains was another futuristic journey, but a majority of the footage has been lost. Dust Devil was their first work on 16 mm. Inspired by a series of unsolved murders in Namibia, this short was unfinished but footage can be viewed on the Subversive Cinema DVD release of the feature Dust Devil.
Music videos (1987–1990)
Following the move to London, England, Stanley began working in music videos in 1987. They directed videos for bands including Fields of the Nephilim, Pop Will Eat Itself, and Renegade Soundwave.
In the late 1980s Stanley traveled to Afghanistan to document the Soviet–Afghan War. Stanley and their crew witnessed the Soviet Army's withdrawal and the country's slide into the civil war that would bring the Taliban to power. The resulting documentary, Voice of the Moon, is a 30-minute look at the daily lives of the Afghan people trying to survive. Stanley was present at the siege of Jalalabad, and the events surrounding their escape from the country, along with their wounded camera man, Immo Horn, later formed the basis of the screenplay Addicted to Danger, by Sebastian Junger. The documentary is available on the Subversive Cinema DVD release of the feature Dust Devil.
Mainstream breakthrough (1990–1996)
Stanley made their feature film directing debut with the post-apocalyptic science fiction film Hardware in 1990. The film included cameos by musicians Iggy Pop, Carl McCoy and Lemmy. Shot for approximately £960,000, it was eventually picked up by the Weinstein brothers and released theatrically in the United States through their early Millimeter Films division.
Stanley returned to their South African roots with the supernatural horror film Dust Devil in 1992. The full director's cut was officially released on DVD by Subversive Cinema in September 2006.
In 1994, Stanley directed a 50-minute length video for Marillion's concept album, Brave, which has since been released on DVD. They would later disown the end result, claiming the material was re-edited to cover the overall running time without their consent.
The Island of Dr. Moreau (1996)
Stanley's next project was the third major movie version of the H.G. Wells novel The Island of Doctor Moreau for New Line Cinema in 1996. An ambitious project attempting to stay true to the source material, the film's production was fraught with problems from the start, with Stanley being undercut by their belligerent lead actors, suspicious studio and a sudden burst of bad weather; they were fired and replaced by John Frankenheimer a week after shooting began. The details of Stanley's involvement in the film, which ultimately veered far from their original vision, are captured in the 2014 documentary Lost Soul: The Doomed Journey of Richard Stanley's Island of Dr. Moreau.
Indie film writing and documentaries (1996–2019)
Stanley completed The Secret Glory – an examination of SS officer Otto Rahn's search for the Holy Grail – in 2001 and The White Darkness – a look at the voodoo practices in Haiti – in 2002. Following several festival screenings, both documentaries appeared in the Dust Devil DVD box-set, released by Subversive Cinema in 2006.
Stanley's cinematic efforts include a number of short films. Children of the Kingdom appeared in the short-film collection Europe - 99euro-films 2 in 2003. The science fiction story The Sea of Perdition premiered in October 2006 at the Festival de Cine de Sitges, and has since been made available online and on the 2009 Severin DVD release of Hardware. The werewolf short Black Tulips premiered online in September 2008.
Stanley was a contributing writer-director to the 2011 omnibus The Theatre Bizarre, with an adaptation of the short story "Mother of Toads" by Clark Ashton Smith.
In addition to directing, Stanley has continued working as a screenwriter. They co-wrote the script for Nacho Cerdà's feature debut The Abandoned (2006) and delivered the screenplay for Cerdà's upcoming comic book adaptation I Am Legion (2012). In addition, Stanley was a script collaborator on the Italian horror-thriller Imago Mortis (2009). Stanley also co-wrote an unmade film adaptation of J. G. Ballard's High Rise with director Vincenzo Natali.
Stanley launched the interactive website Terra Umbra – Empire of Shadows in October 2009, an ongoing inquiry into the invisible world and the hidden history of southern and central Europe. They also released the e-book Shadow of the Grail – Magic and Mystery at Montsegur in December 2010.
In early 2012, it was announced that Stanley would collaborate on the anthology film The Profane Exhibit. Stanley's contribution will be the short Coltan, which is described as "an unflinching look into the darkest Africa."
Return to mainstream (2018–present)
In December 2018, it was announced Stanley was returning to film with an adaptation of The Colour Out of Space with Nicolas Cage set to star. The film, Color Out of Space, was released in 2020 and became a critical success with Stanley being praised for their return.
In a Q&A session upon the release of the film, Stanley revealed it was the first in a trilogy of H.P. Lovecraft adaptations, and that they were currently writing an adaptation of The Dunwich Horror.
Abuse allegation
In March 2021, screenwriter Scarlett Amaris, who previously collaborated with Stanley on several projects, alleged in a blog post that they had been in an abusive relationship with him. Subsequently SpectreVision, which produced Color Out of Space, announced it would no longer work with Stanley and that all future revenue from the film would be donated to anti-domestic violence charities.
On October 25, 2021, entertainment news outlet Deadline reported Stanley has filed criminal complaints for libel and harassment in response to the accusation.
Filmography
Feature film
Short films
Documentary films
References
External links
Interviews
Unfilmable's 2010 interview with Stanley
Richard Stanley & co-directors talk The Theatre Bizarre
Not Coming to a Theater Near You interview with Stanley
The Quietus interview
Sci-Fi Bulletin interview
Hardware, Dust Devil and Vacation interview
"Return to The Island of Dr. Moreau"
Living people
Horror film directors
South African music video directors
South African film directors
White South African people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tracy is an unincorporated community in Union Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
History
Tracy (formerly called Tracy Station) contained a post office from 1879 until 1912. The community was named for a railroad employee. The Tracy station was located on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
Geography
Tracy is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
WOGR-FM (93.3 MHz) is an FM radio station in Salisbury, North Carolina. The station has an urban gospel radio format with some Christian talk and teaching programs. It is owned by Victory Christian Center, Inc.
Programming is simulcast on WOGR (1540 AM) Charlotte, WGAS (1420 AM) in South Gastonia and FM translator W202BW (88.3 MHz) in Harrisburg.
History
The station was originally launched in 1977 as WNDN-FM, the college radio station of Catawba College in Salisbury. It was subsequently acquired by Victory Christian Center in 1996 to expand the broadcast area of 1540 WOGR in Charlotte.
References
External links
OGR-FM
Gospel radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1977
1977 establishments in North Carolina
OGR-FM
Salisbury, North Carolina
For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Turkey.
This is a list of association football clubs in Turkey. Clubs currently in the first three tiers of the Turkish football league system are listed alphabetically.
Alphabetical team listing
TFF Third League
Group 1: 1877 Alemdağspor, Arnavutköy Belediyespor, Artvin Hopaspor, Belediye Derincespor, Bucaspor 1928, Çankaya FK, Diyarbakırspor, Edirnespor, Fatsa Belediyespor, Kemerspor 2003, Kızılcabölükspor, Malatya Yeşilyurt Belediyespor, Manisaspor, Nevşehir Belediyespor, Ofspor, Payasspor
Group 2: Ağrı 1970 SK, Belediye Kütahyaspor, Büyükçekmece Tepecikspor, Çengelköy SK, Ceyhanspor, Darıca Gençlerbirliği, Fethiyespor, Halide Edip Adıvar SK, İskenderun FK, Kahta 02 Spor, Karaman FK, Mardin Fosfatspor, Nazilli Belediyespor, Tekirdağspor, Tokatspor, Yomraspor, Yozgatspor 1959 FK
Group 3: Altındağspor, Arhavispor, Batman Petrolspor, Çarşambaspor, Çatalcaspor, Cizrespor, Elazığ Karakoçan, Erbaaspor, Esenler Erokspor, Gölcükspor, Isparta 32 Spor, İçel İdmanyurdu, Karşıyaka, Osmaniyespor FK, Somaspor, Şile Yıldızspor, Yalovaspor
Group 4: 1954 Kelkit Belediyespor, 52 Orduspor, 68 Aksaray Belediyespor, Adıyaman 1954 SK, Alanya Kestelspor, Bayrampaşa, Bergama Belediyespor, Bursa Yıldırımspor, Düzcespor, Karaköprü Belediyespor, Kırıkkale Büyük Anadoluspor, Kozanspor, Modafen, Muğlaspor, Siirt İl Özel İdaresispor, Silivrispor, Sultanbeyli Belediyespor
Regional and Amateur Clubs
See also
List of women's football clubs in Turkey
References
Turkey
clubs
Football clubs
Anette Helene Delebekk (born 12 February 1992) is a former Norwegian handball player who last played for Fredrikstad BK.
They also represented Norway in the 2012 Women's Junior World Handball Championship, placing 8th.
Achievements
World Youth Championship:
Silver Medalist: 2010
References
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fredrikstad
Norwegian female handball players
Shushabad (, also Romanized as Shūshābād and Sūshābād) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,037, in 223 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Pronoidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda.
Genera:
Eupronoe Claus, 1879
Paralycaea Claus, 1879
Parapronoe Claus, 1879
Pronoe Guérin-Méneville, 1836
References
Amphipoda
Formosa Plastics Corporation () is a Taiwanese plastics company based in Taiwan (formerly called "Formosa") that primarily produces polyvinyl chloride (PVC) resins and other intermediate plastic products. It is the corporation around which influential business person Wang Yung-ching formed the Formosa Plastics Group, and it remains central to the Group's petrochemical operations. The president of Formosa Plastics Corp. (FPC) is Jason Lin (林健男).
In 2019, Chemical & Engineering News ranked Formosa Plastics as the world's sixth largest chemical company by sales in 2018, with US$36.9 billion. That same year, Forbes ranked the company as No. 758 on its Global 2000 list of the world's largest public companies. Formosa has received substantial criticism over widespread pollution and reprisal tactics against environmental activists.
History
The company was founded in 1954, by Wang Yung-ching and Wang Yung-tsai with a US$798,000 loan from United States aid agencies. The first PVC plant was constructed in Kaohsiung and production began in 1957. As of 2005, FPC is the largest producer of PVC resins in Taiwan. When FPC's American operations are also considered, the company's total PVC resin capacity is 2.83 million metric tons per year, the second highest in the world after Shin-Etsu Chemical, which has 3.55 million metric tons per year as of May 2010 (expanding to 3.85 million metric tons per year by the end of 2010).
FPC maintains numerous subsidiaries throughout Taiwan, jointly held with other members of the Formosa Plastics Group. In addition, Formosa Plastics Corporation, USA was founded in 1978 as a wholly owned subsidiary of FPC. That subsidiary has, in turn, created four wholly owned chemical manufacturing subsidiaries in Delaware City, Delaware, Illiopolis, Illinois, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Point Comfort, Texas.
Formosa Plastics Corporation's operations include chemical and petrochemical manufacturing. In 1994, Formosa formed the Formosa Transrail to operate a rail fleet.
Recent updates
St James Parish, Louisiana
In April 2018, Formosa Plastics and sister corporation Formosa Petrochemical Corporation announced a new US$9.4 billion chemical manufacturing complex, set to be located across a 2,400-acre site in St. James Parish, Louisiana. Branded as "The Sunshine Project," the complex, made up of 14 facilities, including 10 plants, would produce ethylene glycol, polyethylene, and polypropylene. Construction was initially set to begin in 2019, with the initial opening date set for 2024 and the final stage of the development being completed by approximately 2029. The Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality (LDEQ) approved the air permits for the project in January 2020.
In February 2020, Earthjustice filed a lawsuit to challenge LDEQ's approval of the air permits. Sharon Lavigne and a number of other community activists also filed suit via their nonprofit, Rise St. James, and helped stall the project as of June 2021. Lavigne won the 2021 Goldman Environmental Prize for their opposition toward Formosa's plans.
On September 14, 2022, District Judge Trudy White cancelled air quality permits for the new facility issued to Formosa by the LDEQ, effectively delaying the start of the project. Formosa announced they would appeal the ruling.
Texas
In May 2018, citing stronger demand in the co-polymer market, Formosa Plastics announced new expansions in polyethylene and polypropylene production plant technologies for its facility in Point Comfort, all licensed from ExxonMobil, Univation Technologies, and Japan Polypropylene Corporation. In August 2019, the first of two new polyethylene plants had begun operating. The second plant and cracker were scheduled to fully operate in December 2019, but their opening was delayed until at least April 2020, pending further updates. The new polypropylene plant is scheduled to begin operating in the third quarter of 2021.
Baton Rouge
In August 2019, Formosa Plastics announced it was planning to invest in a US$332 million expansion at its Baton Rouge facility to expand production of PVC resin. Construction began later in the year and is expected to be completed by the fourth quarter of 2021. The expansion would allow the company to produce an additional 300 million pounds of resin. For the expansion, the company would receive a performance-based grant up to US$500,000 from the state of Louisiana.
Controversies
Pollution and waste violations
In 1999, Formosa Plastics used bribes to dump 3000 tons of mercury-laden waste in Sihanoukville, Cambodia – three local villagers died shortly afterwards, although a report commissioned by the World Health Organization concluded it was unlikely the deaths were due to mercury poisoning. The company later tried to ship the waste to a hazardous waste site in Nevada.
A 2002 survey undertaken by Scorecard, an environmental watch group, rated Formosa Plastics' facilities in the 90% percentile of the worst environmental polluters.
In September 2009, the United States Environmental Protection Agency announced that Formosa Plastics would spend more than US$10 million to address air, water, and hazardous waste violations from two of the company's plants in Point Comfort and Baton Rouge, after inspectors found leak detection and repair and waste violations at the facilities. Formosa Plastics also agreed to pay an additional civil penalty of US$2.8 million for numerous federal law violations.
In April 2012, Formosa Plastics filed a US$1.3 million civil suit for a tort claim and a criminal suit for defamation against Ben-Jei Tsuang, a scientist who works at National Chung Hsing University in Taichung, for presenting evidence of increased cancer risk in the vicinity of the Formosa Plastic Group hydrocarbon-processing facility in Mailiao at a scientific meeting and in a paper. More than 1,000 academics, including chemistry Nobel laureate Yuan T. Lee, signed a letter of support for Tsuang. In September 2013, judges at Taipei District Court ruled against Formosa Plastics.
In April 2016, Formosa Plastics was blamed by numerous protesters and media outlets for mass fish deaths in four provinces of Vietnam since 6 April. On 30 June 2016, the Vietnamese government officially concluded that the local Formosa Plastics affiliate steel plant was responsible for the marine ecological disaster. Formosa Plastics agreed to pay compensation of US$500 million and publicly apologized for the disaster. Controversy grew over rumors that the apology was issued under coercion from the Vietnamese government.
In July 2017, retired shrimper Diane Wilson sued Formosa Plastics in Federal court for up to US$184 million for damages relating to the company's noncompliance with state and federal environmental permits and laws that require companies to report all waste violations, particularly with the discharge of plastic pellets into Lavaca Bay and other waterways from the company's Point Comfort plant.
In March 2019, the trial began and in June 2019, U.S. District Judge Kenneth M. Hoyt ruled against Formosa Plastics, noting the company's consistent violation of state-issued permits and federal laws. In October 2019, Formosa Plastics agreed to pay US$50 million over five years in a settlement to fund projects reversing water pollution damage in Calhoun County and also comply with "zero discharge" of plastic pollutants in the future, making it the largest settlement of a Clean Water Act suit filed by private individuals. This controversy was portrayed in episode 12 ("Point Comfort") of the Netflix series Dirty Money in 2020.
Plastic pollution continued in Lavaca Bay even after the court settlement.
Explosions
Formosa Plastics has been involved in a series of deadly explosions at their facilities. After an explosion in a Formosa Plastics chemical plant in Illiopolis, Illinois, that killed 5 workers in April 2004, OSHA fined the company US$300,000 for violations. In 2005, an explosion at the Point Comfort plant hurt 11 workers.
See also
List of companies of Taiwan
Formosa Plastics Group Museum
2016 Vietnam fish kill
Formosa Ha Tinh Steel
References
External links
Company website
Company website for Formosa Plastics Corp., USA
FPG official chronology
Formosa Plastics Group
Plastics companies of Taiwan
Chemical companies established in 1954
Companies listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange
Taiwanese brands
1954 establishments in Taiwan
The Iron Orchard is a 2018 American historical-drama film co-written, co-produced and directed by Ty Roberts. The movie was first shown on May 5, 2018, at the Dallas International Film Festival and was limited released on February 22, 2019, in the United States. It is based on the 1966 novel by Tom Pendleton.
Plot
In 1939, Jim McNeely works in the West Texas oilfields. They work and becomes a wildcatter.
Cast
Austin Nichols as Dent Paxton
Lane Garrison as Jim McNeely
Ali Cobrin as Lee Montgomery
Donny Boaz as Charlie Dupree
Lew Temple as Ort Cooley
Hassie Harrison as Mazie Wales
Harlan Whatley as Medical Doctor
Release
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, The Iron Orchard has an approval rating of based on reviews. On Metacritic, another review aggregator which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 43 out of 100 based on 9 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews"
Kimber Myers from the Los Angeles Times said that "though there are some well-framed shots from cinematographer Mathieu Plainfossé, the script from Gerry De Leon and director Ty Roberts is lifeless, covered in a layer of dust that the cast can't rouse it from." Jeannette Catsoulis writing for The New York Times stated: "Seemingly nostalgic for a period when West Texas roughnecks settled scores with baseball bats and laid pipe with pickaxes, this lovingly made homage to avarice feels strangely limp. Instead of gushing, it trickles." American film critic and historian Joe Leydon liked the movie and their review for Variety wrote: "Garrison strikes the perfect balance of cocksure swagger and not-so-quiet desperation while offering a credible and creditable portrayal of a man forever on the verge of plunging into the abyss because of the same instincts that initially fuel their ascent. They and supporting players Cobrin and Nichols help to make “The Iron Orchard” an absorbing story, even if you wind up wishing more of that story had been told." Glenn Kenny from the RogerEbert.com gave Beneath the Leaves only 1.5 out of 5 stars and stated: "As competently put together as this movie is, it imparted to me no sense of a higher calling, and thus left me unmoved." Anthony Lane from The New Yorker magazine also disliked the film, stating that "the musical score is overcooked, the cast underpowered, and the dialogue something of a mishmash..."
References
External links
2018 films
American drama films
Films set in 1939
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Milton Isaiah Southard (October 20, 1836 – May 4, 1905) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Hanover, Ohio, Southard completed preparatory studies. They graduated from the Denison University, Granville, Ohio where they studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1863 and commenced practice in Toledo, Ohio. They served as prosecuting attorney for Muskingum County, Ohio, from 1867 to 1871.
Southard was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-third, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1873 – March 3, 1879). They served as chairperson of the Committee on Territories (Forty-fourth Congress). They moved to New York City and practiced law.
Southard died in Zanesville, Ohio, May 4, 1905. They were interred in Woodlawn Cemetery, Zanesville.
References
Sources
External links
1836 births
1905 deaths
People from Licking County, Ohio
Politicians from Zanesville, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
New York (state) lawyers
County district attorneys in Ohio
Denison University alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
The rufous spinetail (Synallaxis unirufa) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
rufous spinetail
Birds of the Northern Andes
rufous spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pinto's spinetail (Synallaxis infuscata) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is also known as the plain spinetail, Alagoas spinetail or tatac.
It is endemic to north-eastern Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and plantations.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Pinto's spinetail
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Pinto's spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Loyalty:
was a 34-gun ship in service between 1650 and 1653.
was a stores hulk purchased in 1694. They foundered in 1701.
was an launched in 1942 as HMS Rattler. They were renamed HMS Loyalty in 1943 and was sunk in 1944.
Royal Navy ship names
Joasaph (; ) is a masculine given name. Joasaph is another name for Josaphat, the legendary martyred prince in the story of Barlaam and Josaphat; according to E. A. Wallis Budge, this name Joasaph ultimately originated as a mistranslation of Bodhisattva. The Ethiopic form of the name is Yewasef. People with this name include:
John VI Kantakouzenos (1292–1382), Byzantine emperor from 1347 to 1354, assumed the name Joasaph Christodoulos after their retirement to a monastery
Joasaph I of Constantinople (), Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople
Joasaphus, Metropolitan of Moscow (died 1556), Metropolitan of Moscow from 1539 to 1542
Joasaph II of Constantinople (), Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople
Patriarch Joasaphus I of Moscow (died 1640), Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia from 1634 to 1640
Joasaph of Belgorod (1705–1754), bishop of Belgorod
Joasaph Bolotov (1760–1799), Russian Orthodox missionary in Alaska
Ioasaf Tikhomirov (1872–1908), Russian actor
Joasaph Leliukhin (1903–1966), Metropolitan of Kiev and Galicia and Exarch of Ukraine
Joasaph (McLellan) (1962–2009), Head of the Russian Ecclesiastical Mission in Jerusalem of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia
See also
Josaphat (disambiguation)
References
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1994 season.
Overview
Civil Aviation won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
The Libra was launched by GTM Cars Ltd on the UK kitcar market in 1998. Three years in development it was a collaboration between GTM Cars directors Peter Beck & Paddy Fitch, designer Richard Oakes and suspension designer Bryn Davies.
Conceived as a lightweight sportscar, it uses no subframes for its suspension with all the mountings being bolted straight to the GRP monocoque tub.
At the front it uses unequal length wishbones of GTM design locating uprights from the Rover Metro/100 range and a forward mounted steering rack for extra legroom. The rear suspension is an unusual double trailing arm design, bolted to the rear bulkhead and using the same uprights as the front.
The engine/transmission unit is held in a frame hanging off the rear bulkhead, a frame which also locates the rear hinging engine cover which incorporates a sizeable boot which can accommodate a full size set of golf clubs.
The front 'clamshell' conceals the radiator, battery, master cylinders etc. and also manages to stow a full size spare wheel (either 16" or 17"). A removable roof panel can be stowed behind the seats for an open top experience.
Initially launched with the 1.4 litre Rover 'K'-Series engine, the Libra has been fitted successfully with 1.6, 1.8, 1.8 VVC and KV6 2.5 litre Rover engines as well as the Toyota 2ZZ-GE, some Honda units and the Audi 1.8T turbo engine.
References
Kit cars
Libra
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 1998
This is a list of United Kingdom members of the European Parliament for the 1999–2004 session. The UK is divided into twelve constituencies, with varying numbers of members: one constituency each for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, and one each for the nine Regions of England.
See MEPs for the UK 1999–2004 for an alphabetical list.
East Midlands
Roger Helmer
Mel Read
Bill Newton Dunn
Phillip Whitehead
Christopher Heaton-Harris
Nicholas Clegg
East of England
Robert Sturdy
Eryl McNally
Christopher Beazley
Bashir Khanbhai
Richard Howitt
Andrew Duff
Geoffrey van Orden
Jeffrey Titford
London
Claude Moraes
Theresa Villiers
Robert Evans
Charles Tannock
Richard Balfe
Sarah Ludford
Ian Twinn
Mary Honeyball (replaced resigned Pauline Green in 2000)
John Bowis
Jean Lambert
Northern Ireland
Ian Paisley
John Hume
Jim Nicholson
North East England
Gordon Adam
Martin Callanan
Alan Donnelly (resigned January 2000)
Stephen Hughes
Barbara O'Toole
North West England
Richard Inglewood
Arlene McCarthy
Robert Atkins
Gary Titley
David Sumberg
Chris Davies
Terry Wynn
Den Dover
Brian Simpson
Jacqueline Foster
Scotland
David Martin
Ian Hudghton
Struan Stevenson
Bill Miller
Neil MacCormick
John Purvis
Elspeth Attwooll
Catherine Stihler
South East England
James Provan
Roy Perry
Peter Skinner
Emma Nicholson
Daniel Hannan
James Elles
Mark Watts
Nigel Farage
Nirj Deva
Chris Huhne
Caroline Lucas
Marta Andreasen
South West England
Caroline Jackson
Giles Chichester
Glyn Ford
Graham Watson
Alexandar Macmillan
Graham Booth (replaced resigned Michael Holmes in 2002)
Neil Parish
Yorkshire and the Humber
Andrew Brons
Edward McMillan Scott
Linda McAvan
Timothy Kirkhope
David Bowe
Diana Wallis
Robert Goodwill
Richard Corbett
Wales
John Bufton
Glenys Kinnock
Jillian Evans
Jonathan Evans
Eluned Morgan
Eurig Wyn
West Midlands
John Corrie
Simon Murphy
Philip Bushill-Matthews
Michael Cashman
Malcolm Harbour
Liz Lynne
Philip Bradbourn
Neena Gill
References
1999
Michael Helliet Management is a London based agency that provides professional boxing management, and currently represents over 40 professional boxers including heavyweight Danny Williams and the undefeated English Champion Ashley Sexton. Michael Helliet Management currently manages more boxers than any other agency within the UK.
Overview
The agency was established by manager, matchmaker, promoter and managing director of the Mayfair Sporting Club, Michael Helliet.
Undefeated flyweight, Ashley Sexton, who has been managed by Michael Helliet Management since turning professional in 2008, won the English flyweight title in January 2010 after knocking out Usman Ahmed in the first round. Later in 2010, after only nine professional fights, Sexton challenged Shinny Bayaar for the British title, but the fight was scored a draw.
In 2010, undefeated lightweight prospect Tony Owen from Carshalton, signed a new three year management contract with Michael Helliet management. As a rangy southpaw with a professional record of eight wins in as many starts, they are a highly anticipated fighter.
In December 2010, it was announced that former England amateur team member Joe Smyth, would be taking part in the light heavyweight prizefighter competition at York Hall in Bethnal Green on 29 January 2011.
See also
Mayfair Sporting Club
Joe Smyth
Tony Owen
References
Sports management companies
Redneck Shit is the debut album by American country music artist Wheeler Walker, Jr., released in 2016. The satirical comedy album debuted at No. 9 on the Billboard Top Country albums chart and No. 1 on the Comedy Albums chart. Originally, the single 'Drop 'em Out' debuted on PornHub.
Track listing
Charts
References
2016 debut albums
Ben Hoffman albums
Albums produced by Dave Cobb
Jacques Goudstikker (30 August 1897 – 16 May 1940) was a Jewish Dutch art dealer who fled the Netherlands when it was invaded by Nazi Germany during World War II, leaving three furnished properties and an extensive and significant art collection including over 1200 paintings, many of which had been previously catalogued as "Old Masters". The entire collection, which had been surveyed by Hermann Goering himself, was subsequently looted by the Nazis. Between the two World Wars, Jacques Goudstikker had been the most important Dutch dealer of Old Master paintings, according to Peter C. Sutton, executive director and CEO of the Bruce Museum of Arts and Science. Despite efforts of Goudstikker's widow after the war to regain possession of the collection, it was not until after their death that the Dutch government finally restituted 202 paintings to the Goudstikker family in 2006. To finance efforts to reclaim more of the stolen art, a large portion of them were sold at auction in 2007 for almost $10 million.
Biography
Goudstikker was born in Amsterdam as the son of the art dealer Eduard Goudstikker. They studied at the commercial school in Amsterdam, and more intensely with Wilhelm Martin and William Vogelsang at Leiden and Utrecht.
In 1919, they joined their father's Amsterdam gallery, restructured it as a public besloten vennootschap with themselves as the director and major shareholder, and introduced a notably more international style; publishing catalogues in French rather than Dutch, and showing for the first time Italian Renaissance paintings, including The Madonna and Child by Francesco Squarcione. This was revolutionary in the Netherlands of the time, where in 1906, Adriaan Pit, the director of the Rijksmuseum, had stated "We have become chauvinistic with regard to the field of art. This worship of our old school of painting, which started thirty years ago is still alive and appears not to let us appreciate any foreign art."
Following World War I, Amsterdam once again became a centre of international commerce, and Goudstikker flourished, along with fellow art dealers, P. de Boer and Henri Douwes; in 1927 they moved to a larger gallery. Goudstikker rose above their contemporaries, presenting works from the Dutch Golden Age alongside panels by 14th century, 15th century and 16th century Dutch, Flemish, German and Italian painters, mixing paintings, sculptures, carpets, and other works of art together, in the sophisticated style of Wilhelm von Bode of Berlin, much emulated in London, Paris, and New York City. Goudstikker's taste extended to the design of their catalogs, which were minor works of art in themselves.
Goudstikker maintained close ties with art historians and collectors. In the introduction to their 1928 catalog, they wrote "[W]e are happy as a logical development in our Italian department in having obtained the assistance of our compatriot Doctor Raimond van Marle", author of the influential The Development of the Italian Schools of Painting. Their clients, including
Jan Herman van Heek, Daniel G. van Beuningen, Heinrich Baron Thyssen-Bornemisza de Kászon, and Otto Lanz, also partook in this mix of connoisseurship and scholarship.
They staged an exhibit of Dutch and Flemish paintings, including five van Goghs, two van Dongens, and a Mondrian, together with a group of 17th century works including a wooded landscape by Philips Koninck, at the Anderson Gallery in New York City in 1923, organized through the Dutch Kamer van Koophandel; the Committee of Patrons included the wives of such upper class notables as T. J. Oakley Rhinelander and Cortland S. Van Rensselaer.
The stock market crash and Great Depression took their toll on the connoisseur art trade, as on other luxury businesses. Goudstikker was forced to economize on production of their catalogs, but they still managed to organize a Rubens exhibition in 1933, as well as what may have been their ultimate achievement, participating in the exhibition of Italian Paintings in Dutch Collections at the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam in 1934, where they personally showed Queen Wilhelmina the exhibits.
While escaping the Nazis in May 1940, Goudstikker fell in the hold of the in the English Channel, fatally breaking their neck.
Goudstikker's artistic taste
Goudstikker's main stock in trade were paintings by the Old Masters; they did not express much interest in Italian Baroque art or art of the 18th century. While their specialty was Dutch 17th-century painting, their specific interest was the more stylized painters such as Cranach, Marco Zoppo, Squarcione and Pesellino, and they were particularly attracted to the unusual. Artists in their collection included Jan Steen, Adriaen van Ostade, Isaac van Ostade, and tonal landscape painters, such as Jan van Goyen and Salomon van Ruysdael. They kept several notable paintings by Jan van der Heyden at Nijenrode Castle, one of their two country homes where they also entertained clients and exhibited great art. Although they did carry some still lifes, such as the Jan van Huysum in the National Gallery, their major interest was in figure painters, whether portraitists such as Jan Antonisz van Ravesteyn or Johannes Cornelisz Verspronck, or subject painters like Hans Bol, Aert de Gelder, or Jan Steen.
Other notable paintings owned by Goudstikker include The entrance to a harbor by Simon de Vlieger, Extensive landscape with trees and a cottage by Philips Koninck, the Ferry Boat with cattle on the River Vecht near Nijenrode by Salomon van Ruysdael, the Saint Lucy by Jacopo del Casentino, The Judgment of Paris by François Boucher, The Fritole Seller by Pietro Longhi, the Madonna and Child by Pacchiarotti, the Christ Carrying the Cross by Hieronymous Bosch which now resides in the Kunsthistorisches Museum of Vienna, and Young Girl with a Flute by Vermeer, which was eventually purchased by Joseph Widener to donate to the National Gallery in Washington, DC in 1942. Other American museum purchases from Goudstikker include a large altarpiece by Luca Signorelli depicting The Assumption of the Virgin with Saints Michael and Benedict, by the Metropolitan Museum in New York in 1929, and Pesellino's King David before the Ark of the Covenant by the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art in Kansas in 1932.
Fate of collection
After Goudstikker fled in 1940 the large (1,113 numbered paintings and an unknown quantity of unnumbered paintings) was left behind to be looted and became the largest claim for restitution of Nazi-looted art.
In a for them typical forced sale, Reichsmarschall Hermann Göring obtained the entire collection over the objections of Goudstikker's widow Dési von Halban: on 3 June 1940, Goudstikker's employee Arie ten Broek was named director of the company, then, on 13 July, ten Broek and another of Goudstikker's employees, Jan Dik were paid 180 thousand guilders each to sell all paintings and works of art to Göring for two million guilders, a fraction of their value, and the art gallery to German banker Alois Miedl, for 550 thousand guilders. Through a series of transactions later deemed illegal, Miedl acquired title to the J. Goudstikker trade name, what little art remained in the collection, and Goudstikker's real estate (Nijenrode castle in Breukelen, the Herengracht 458 building in Amsterdam, and the country estate Oostermeer in Ouderkerk aan de Amstel). Using Goudstikker's internationally renowned trade name as a marketing asset, Miedl went on to make a fortune selling art, particularly to Nazi Germany.
Parts of the Goudstikker collection were also taken over by Gauleiter Erich Koch; one of these paintings, the Cottages by the canal by Jan van Goyen, is on display at the National Museum, Gdańsk, which declined a restitution in 2020.
Following World War II, the Allied forces recovered this art from Germany and gave them to the Dutch government as part of 'amicable restitution of rights', with the intention of returning them to their rightful owners; however, instead of returning them to Goudstikker's wife Desi, who sought their recovery from 1946 to 1952, they were retained as part of the Netherlands' National Collection at the Rijksmuseum. Dutch investigative journalist Pieter den Hollander wrote a 1998 book, De zaak Goudstikker (The Goudstikker Case), on the subject. Subsequently, Goudstikker's heirs sued for possession of these works, but their claim was rejected by the State Secretary of Education, Culture and Science. Official investigations, however, later confirmed the mishandling of postwar restitutions, and as a result, the Dutch government created the Restitutions Committee to review claims to art treasures in the government's possession. On the recommendations of the Herkomst Gezocht Committee chaired by , after eight years of legal battles, in 2006 the Dutch government returned 202 paintings to Goudstikker's sole surviving heir, their daughter-in-law, Marei von Saher (Goudstikker's wife,
Dési, and their only son, Edo, both having died in 1996). In 2007, Von Saher sold many, netting almost $10 million at auction.
Some pieces were not returned to von Saher because the Dutch government no longer had them in 2006. In particular, Adam and Eve by Cranach had been transferred by the government to another person (under a claim later found to be invalid) and in 2006 were in the United States, out of the control of the Dutch government. Von Saher sued unsuccessfully in U.S. court for their return.
See also
Dési von Halban
2006 Goudstikker restitution of 202 paintings
Tobias and Sarah in Prayer with the Angel Raphael and the Demon
River Landscape with Ferry
References
External links
Jacques Goudstikker's notebook at the Amsterdam City Archives, containing records of the works of art in their possession
Goudstikker heirs talk about Jacques and their collection at the opening of the exhibition Reclaimed - Paintings from the Collection of Jacques Goudstikker 2009-2010
Reclaimed: Paintings from the Collection of Jacques Goudstikker
Dutch art dealers
Art and cultural repatriation after World War II
Dutch Jews
Jewish art collectors
1897 births
1940 deaths
Businesspeople from Amsterdam
Subjects of Nazi art appropriations
Dutch civilians killed in World War II
World War II refugees
Aetosauroides (meaning "Aetosaurus-like") is an extinct genus of aetosaur from the Late Triassic of South America. It is one of four aetosaurs known from South America, the others being Neoaetosauroides, Chilenosuchus and Aetobarbakinoides. Three species have been named: the type species A. scagliai, A. subsulcatus and A. inhamandensis. Fossils have been found in the Cancha de Bochas Member of the Ischigualasto Formation in the Ischigualasto-Villa Unión Basin in northwestern Argentina and the Santa Maria Formation in the Paraná Basin in southeastern Brazil. The strata date to the late Carnian and early Norian stages, making Aetosauroides one of the oldest aetosaurs.
Description
Most individuals of Aetosauroides measured around in length, with one large individual reaching (with histology suggesting an age of 23 years). Sexual maturity was probably reached at in length, although these individuals were not yet fully grown. Sexual dimorphism has been suggested for Aetosauroides, with males reaching the size range.
Aetosauroides was proposed to be synonymous with the genus Stagonolepis in 1996 and 2002. Smaller specimens of both species were placed with Stagonolepis robertsoni, and larger specimens were considered to be S. wellesi. This synonymy is not accepted, with several studies identifying unique features that distinguish Aetosauroides from Stagonolepis. Among these are maxillae that do not touch the nostrils, oval-shaped holes on the centra of the vertebrae, and a convex margin of the lower jaw. In a 2011 study, A. subsulcatus and A. inhamandensis were proposed to be synonymous with A. scagliai. Additionally, a contemporary aetosaur named from a juvenile specimen in 2014, Polesinesuchus aurelioi, was found to be similar in its vertebrae and the basioccipital of its braincase to juvenile specimens of Aetosauroides in two 2021 studies, and it was proposed as a junior synonym of the latter.
Classification
A phylogenetic analysis presented by Julia B. Desojo, Martin D. Ezcurra and Edio E. Kischlat in 2012 found that Aetosauroides lies outside Stagonolepididae. If this phylogeny is correct, Stagonolepididae and Aetosauria would not be equivalent groupings, and Aetosauroides would be the first non-stagonolepidid aetosaur.
References
Aetosaurs
Prehistoric pseudosuchian genera
Carnian genera
Norian genera
Late Triassic reptiles of South America
Triassic Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Ischigualasto Formation
Triassic Brazil
Fossils of Brazil
Santa Maria Formation
Fossil taxa described in 1960
Yankho Kamwendo (born 1 November 1978) is a Swedish TV personality and actor.
Kamwendo is best known for their role as Lennart in the TV show Leende guldbruna ögon and hosting popular children's television shows Bolibompa and TV-skeppet. Kamwendo has also been featured in the popular live sing-along television show Allsång på Skansen.
They have toured extensively with national theatre company Riksteatern, performing the play Elddop. Kamwendo has also initiated a documentary about Malawian children who became orphans after losing their parents to HIV.
Personal life
Yankho Kamwendo's father was born in Malawi and their mother hails from Sweden. Kamwendo lives in Hammarbyhöjden, Stockholm.
 They are an alpine skiing enthusiast and has been involved with missionary aid work in Africa.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Swedish television hosts
Swedish Christians
Swedish male television actors
Swedish male stage actors
21st-century Swedish male actors
People from Uppsala
Swedish people of Malawian descent
This is a list of members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly, from the elections of 28 March 1889 to the elections of 20 April 1892. There were 95 seats in the Assembly from 1889, up from 86 in the previous Parliament.
The following districts were created or had new names in 1889: Albert Park, Anglesey, Benalla and Yarrawonga, Bogong, Borung, Carlton South, Clunes and Allandale, Dandenong and Berwick, Daylesford, Donald and Swan Hill, Dunolly, Eaglehawk, Eastern Suburbs, Essendon and Flemington, Gippsland Central, Gippsland East, Gippsland West, Gunbower, Hawthorn, Horsham, Jolimont and West Richmond, Kilmore, Dalhousie and Lancefield, Korong, Kyneton (renamed from Kyneton Boroughs), Lowan, Maryborough, Melbourne, Melbourne South, Numurkah and Nathalia, Polwarth, Port Fairy (renamed from Belfast), Port Melbourne (renamed from Sandridge), Prahran, Sandhurst South, Shepparton and Euroa, South Yarra, Talbot and Avoca, Toorak, Wangaratta and Rutherglen, Warrenheip, Windermere.
These districts were abolished before the 1889 elections: Avoca, Boroondara, Dalhousie, Kilmore and Anglesey, Maryborough and Talbot, Moira, Polwarth and South Grenville, South Bourke, Wimmera.
Victoria was a British self-governing colony in Australia at the time.
Note the "Term in Office" refers to that member's term(s) in the Assembly, not necessarily for that electorate.
Matthew Davies was Speaker, William McLellan was Chairman of Committees.
Cheetham died 28 June 1890; replaced by William Tatchell sworn-in July 1890.
Langridge died 24 March 1891, replaced by John Hancock, sworn-in June 1891.
Russell died 17 October 1889; replaced by John Dunn, sworn-in November 1889.
Stewart died 11 November 1889; replaced by Robert Bowman, sworn-in May 1890.
Taylor is listed as member for Hawthorn in Hansard, but a newspaper report shows T. G. Atkinson won the election over Taylor.
Wilkinson died 6 August 1891; replaced by Robert Harper, sworn-in September 1891.
References
Members of the Parliament of Victoria by term
19th-century Australian politicians
Robert Elie Klapisch (26 December 1932 – 21 March 2020) was a French engineer and physicist.
Biography
Klapisch completed their secondary studies at Lycée Lakanal in Sceaux, before attending Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris and Collège Lavoisier. They obtained an engineering degree from ESPCI Paris in 1952, and a doctorate at Paris-Sud University in 1966.
Klapisch began working at the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) in 1956, after their graduation from ESPCI. They interrupted their research between 1960 and 1962 to perform their military service in the Algerian War. Between 1968 and 1969 Klapisch had a sabbatical leave, which they spent at Princeton University. They also conducted research at the Curie Institute in Paris, employed alongside Jean Teillac and René Bernas. Klapisch was one of the original members of the Institut national de physique nucléaire et de physique des particules (IPN), founded in 1956. After Bernas' premature death at age 50, in 1971, Klapisch directed the laboratories at IPN.
Klapisch held the position as director of research at the European Council for Nuclear Research (CERN) from 1981 to 1986. In this role they supervised the research program for the Super Proton–Antiproton Synchrotron, which resulted in the award of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1984 to Carlo Rubbia and Simon van der Meer "for their decisive contributions to the large project, which led to the discovery of the field particles W and Z, communicators of weak interaction." As a strong supporter of the Low Energy Antiproton Ring, Klapisch went on to be one of the pioneers of the antiproton programme. They also played an instrumental role in the development of the heavy-ion research program at CERN, which opened the possibilities to study quark–gluon plasma. From 1994 to 2000, Klapisch was involved in a group, led by Rubbia, devoted to an innovative approach to nuclear energy.
In 2002, President Jacques Chirac and Prime Minister Roselyne Bachelot assigned Yves Coppens with creating an environment charter. Klapisch accepted Coppens' invitation to join the scientific committee. Klapisch served on a number of scientific committees in Europe, the United States, and Canada. In 1982, Jean-Pierre Chevènement asked them to write a report on the future of nuclear science in France. This report earned them a spot in the Ordre des Palmes académiques.
In 2002, Klapisch organized a series of lectures, called Partage du Savoir en Méditerranée, carried out under the direction of the Association for the Advancement of Sciences. The conferences were finally held on 1 through 3 March 2010 in Jordan, 6 May 2011 in Malta, 17 to 20 May in Tunis, and 7 through 9 May in Rabat. From January 2010 until their death, Klapisch was an elected member of the Institute for Advanced Studies on Sustainability based in Potsdam, of which Klaus Töpfer is the Director.
Honours, decorations, awards and distinctions
Legion of Honour (2007)
Knight of the Order of Academic Palms (1982)
Joliot-Curie Prize of the French Physical Society (1970)
Three Physicists Prize of the École Normale Supérieure (1980)
W. F. Rockwell Medal for Science and Technology de l'International Institute for Technology
Publications
Hyperfine Spectroscopy of radioactive atoms (1979)
Le rayon et la forme des noyaux exotiques (1980)
Laser optical spectroscopy on francium D2 resonance line (1980)
Laser spectroscopy of alkali atoms (1981)
La Charte de l'environnement : enjeux scientifiques et juridique (2003)
Projet Rubbia de réacteur nucléaire sous-critique (2000)
Publications by Robert Klapisch recorded in INSPIRE-HEP.
References
1932 births
2020 deaths
People associated with CERN
20th-century French engineers
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
French physicists
Recipients of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques
The Roman Catholic Church in Malawi is composed of two ecclesiastical provinces and 6 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Malawi
Ecclesiastical Province of Blantyre
Archdiocese of Blantyre
Diocese of Chikwawa
Diocese of Mangochi
Diocese of Zomba
Ecclesiastical Province of Lilongwe
Archdiocese of Lilongwe
Diocese of Dedza
Diocese of Karonga
Diocese of Mzuzu
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Malawi
Catholic dioceses
The 2010 Albirex Niigata season is Albirex Niigata's seventh consecutive season in J.League Division 1. It also includes the 2010 J.League Cup, and the 2010 Emperor's Cup.
Competitions
J.League
League table
Results summary
Results by round
J.League Cup
Group stage
Emperor's Cup
Players
First team squad
Out on loan
Starting XI
Last updated on 3 February 2012.
Player statistics
References
External links
J. League official site
Albirex Niigata
Albirex Niigata seasons
Peter Opsvik is a Norwegian industrial designer best known for their innovative and ergonomic chairs, and the father of Jazz bass player Eivind Opsvik. Opsvik's furniture can be found under the brand names: Rybo (Garden), Nomi High Chair, Håg (Capisco, H04, H05, Conventio Wing), Varier, Stokke (Tripp Trapp) Naturellement (Reflex), Cylindra (Furniture objects) and Moment (Globe).
Their book Rethinking Sitting came out in 2009 giving insight into their thinking about sitting and explaining the philosophy behind their chairs.
Peter Opsvik is also a jazz musician. They have been a member of Christiania Jazz band from 1972 and the band Christiania 12 from 1993.
Essential concepts
Their probably best known work is the adjustable Tripp Trapp (1972) chair for children, the first chair that "grows" with the child from toddler to teenager. It is manufactured by the company Stokke and has sold in more than seven million copies. In 2013, together with Evomove.com, they launched the Nomi high chair concept.
The saddle chair Håg Capisco was launched in the 1980s and inspired by the horseback rider's dynamic posture. The goal, however, was to create a sitting device or work chair that would invite the user to assume the greatest number of sitting postures possible. In 2010 this design classic was made accessible for a wider audience when the Capisco Puls was launched.
A balancing tilt is highly advantageous since the user automatically controls the tilting movements of the chair without having to think about it. The user can concentrate on his/her activities and does not have to bother with mechanical regulation of the chair. The chair follows the natural inclinations of the body and automatically stabilises at the body's selected sitting angles or at the angles that are required by the work task being done. The simplest way of verifying this is to try out one of their chairs in front of a work table during a normal working day. The chair tilts forward when the user want to be active at the table and tilts backwards if the user wants to relax or talk on the telephone. Often such variations occur many times per minute.
Hans Chr. Mengshoel initiated the concept of kneeling chair posture in Norway, and Peter Opsvik was one of three designers who developed chairs based on this principle that all had Balans in their names. The others were Oddvin Rykken, and prof. Svein Gusrud. Peter Opsvik's kneeling chairs were originally manufactured by Stokke (now Varier), Håg and Rybo. This chair has been voted one of 50 designs that changed the world.
As the name Variable indicates, it was of primary importance for Opsvik that the kneeling posture should be one of many different sitting postures.
Product examples are Variable Balans, Gravity Balans, Thatsit Balans, and Wing Balans.
Awards
Peter Opsvik has been awarded a number of prizes for their work, most recently the European Commissions "Product Safety Award 2019" for Nomi Highchair. Red Dot Award 2013 "Best of Best" for Nomi High chair, Red Dot award 2011 (for Capisco Puls), the IF Product Design gold award 2011 (for Capisco Puls) and the Norwegian Design of Excellence award 2011.
Opsvik was awarded The classic award for design excellence in Norway for the chairs Tripp Trapp in 1996 and Håg Capisco. In 2008 they were awarded Anders Jahre's cultural award and the Nordic Design Award (Nordiska Designpriset). Opsvik has also received Torsten & Wanjas Söderbergs design award in Sweden for their pioneering, movable and variable furniture.
In 2013 Norsk Form (The Foundation for Design and Architecture in Norway) awarded Opsvik Jacob-prisen for 2012.
Exhibitions
Peter Opsvik's furniture-objects have been exhibited around the world. Movement Peter Opsvik, a travelling exhibition initiated by the Norwegian Foreign Affairs, was exhibited at the Museum of Decorative Arts and Design (Gent) in 1999, Deutsches Museum (Munich), The Lighthouse (Glasgow) as well as among others Design Museum (London), Museum of Decorative Art and Design (Gothenburg) and the.
Some of their other exhibitions have been shown at:
The West Norway Museum of Applied Art, Bergen 1996
Kunstlerhaus (Artisthouse) mit Galerie, Göttingen 1990
Gallerie V.I.A, Paris 1990
Applied Art Museum, Oslo 1986
New York, Houston, Chicago and Tokyo in 1982
Vienna, Düsseldorf, Den Haag and London in 1981
Copenhagen and London 1979
References
Norwegian designers
Product design
1939 births
Living people
People from Stranda
Compasso d'Oro Award recipients
Learn The Risk is an American anti-vaccine group founded in 2015. It is known for its billboard campaigns asserting vaccines are responsible for a large number of deaths of young children. Arguments against vaccination are contradicted by overwhelming scientific consensus about the safety and effectiveness of vaccines.
Founder Brandy Vaughan died in December of 2020; no replacement executive director has been named. A year before they died they posted a Facebook post stating that they were in fear for their life and that they were not suicidal. The coroner report states they died of a blood clot 6 days later.
Mission
Learn The Risk was founded in 2015 by Brandy Vaughan, as a branch of an organization they also founded, the Council for Vaccine Safety. Vaughan led both groups as executive director. They described themselves as a former employee of pharmaceutical company Merck and an activist for natural health.
The group is widely described as being anti-vaccination.
With an annual budget of less than according to tax filings, Learn The Risk does not have the wide reach of larger anti-vaccination groups such as Informed Consent Action Network and Children's Health Defense. The organization got some funding out of the Amazon Prime program, which allowed consumers to donate a small portion of their purchase to the charity of their choice. The program helped fund several similar groups until Amazon moved to exclude anti-vaccine activists from the program, in the Spring of 2019.
Billboard campaigns
In the Fall of 2018, the organization bought space on more than 30 billboards in West Virginia, New York, Missouri and other states, provoking concerns from health professionals that parents may delay or disregard vaccinations for their children. The message used on the billboards claimed vaccines kill children, portraying specific cases even though there was no evidence supporting the claims.
A similar billboard campaign in the Summer of 2018 in Perth, Australia, met with resistance from health professionals and calls for its removal.
The World Health Organization has identified vaccine hesitancy as one of 2019's ten global health threats to watch. Although a small fraction of vaccine doses provoke serious adverse reactions, health professionals agree the benefits of being protected against a wide range of infectious diseases far outweigh the risks. Among other public health agencies, the Public Health Agency of Canada stated that the science on vaccines is unequivocal, but laments the actions of "a small but vocal anti-vaccination community that spreads false information. They use powerful emotional images and misinformation with their message. This creates confusion and fear for parents who are trying to make the best decisions for the health and wellbeing of their children."
References
Anti-vaccination organizations
Organizations established in 2015
Anti-vaccination in the United States
Wine is a complex mixture of chemical compounds in a hydro-alcoholic solution with a pH around 4.
The chemistry of wine and its resultant quality depend on achieving a balance between three aspects of the berries used to make the wine: their sugar content, acidity and the presence of secondary compounds. Vines store sugar in grapes through photosynthesis, and acids break down as grapes ripen. Secondary compounds are also stored in the course of the season. Anthocyanins give grapes a red color and protection against ultraviolet light. Tannins add bitterness and astringency which acts to defend vines against pests and grazing animals.
Environmental factors such as soil, rainfall and fog affect flavor in ways that can be described collectively as "character" or the French term “terroir”. As climate change disrupts long-established patterns of temperature and precipitation in wine-growing regions and causes more extreme weather events, the rate at which sugars, acids and secondary compounds develop during the growing season can be disrupted. Hotter temperatures and an earlier growing season can push chemistry of berries towards higher sugar content, fewer acids and differences in aromas. Other factors such as smoke taint from fires can negatively impact chemistry and flavor, resulting in flaws and wine faults that can make the wines undrinkable.
Types of natural molecules present in wine
Acids in wine
Phenolic compounds in wine
Proteins in wine
Sugars in wine
Yeast assimilable nitrogen
Minerals
Dissolved gas (CO2)
Monoterpenes and sesquiterpenes such as linalool and α-terpineol
Glutathione (reduced and oxidized)
Volatiles
Methoxypyrazines
Esters: Ethyl acetate is the most common ester in wine, being the product of the most common volatile organic acid — acetic acid, and the ethyl alcohol generated during the fermentation.
Norisoprenoids, such as C13-norisoprenoids found in grape (Vitis vinifera) or wine, can be produced by fungal peroxidases or glycosidases.
Other molecules found in wine
Preservatives
Ascorbic acid is used during wine making
Sulfur dioxide (SO2), a preservative often added to wine
Fining agents
Gum arabic has been used in the past as fining agent.
List of additives permitted for use in the production of wine under European Union law:
Others
Melatonin
Wine lactone
Anthocyanone A, a degradation product of malvidin under acidic conditions
Wine faults
A wine fault or defect is an unpleasant characteristic of a wine often resulting from poor winemaking practices or storage conditions, and leading to wine spoilage. Many of the compounds that cause wine faults are already naturally present in wine but at insufficient concentrations to adversely affect it. However, when the concentration of these compounds greatly exceeds the sensory threshold, they replace or obscure the flavors and aromas that the wine should be expressing (or that the winemaker wants the wine to express). Ultimately the quality of the wine is reduced, making it less appealing and sometimes undrinkable.<ref name="Baldy pg 37-39, et al">M. Baldy "The University Wine Course" Third Edition pgs 37-39, 69-80, 134-140 The Wine Appreciation Guild 2009 </ref>
The yeast Brettanomyces produces an array of metabolites when growing in wine, some of which are volatile phenolic compounds. Brettanomyces converts p-coumaric acid to 4-vinylphenol via the enzyme cinnamate decarboxylase. 4-Vinylphenol is further reduced to 4-ethylphenol by the enzyme vinyl phenol reductase. 4-Ethylphenol causes a wine fault at a concentration of greater than 140 µg/L. Other compounds produced by Brettanomyces that cause wine faults include 4-ethylguaiacol and isovaleric acid.
Coumaric acid is sometimes added to microbiological media, enabling the positive identification of Brettanomyces by smell.
Geraniol is a by-product of the metabolism of sorbate.
Fusel alcohols are a mixture of several alcohols (chiefly amyl alcohol) produced as a by-product of alcoholic fermentation.
See also
Beer chemistry
Food chemistry
Premature oxidation
Congener (alcohol), such as tryptophol
Notes
References
Comprehensive Natural Products II — Chemistry and Biology, chapter 3.26 – Chemistry of Wine, volume 3, pages 1119–1172. Véronique Cheynier, Rémi Schneider, Jean-Michel Salmon and Hélène Fulcrand,
External links
Wine Chemistry and Biochemistry, by M. Victoria Moreno-Arribas, Carmen Polo and María Carmen Polo, on Google books
Mass Spectrometry in Grape and Wine Chemistry, by Riccardo Flamini and Pietro Traldi, on Google books
Antoine de Saporta La Chimie des vins : les vins naturels, les vins manipulés et falsifiés'' (1889). Google Books
Top o'Selside is a hill in the Lake District in Cumbria, England. At , it is the highest point of the group of hills situated between Coniston Water and Windermere. This group also includes the Wainwright of Black Fell and the summits of Black Brows and Rusland Heights. Top o'Selside lies not in the centre of this region, but in the south-western corner, just outside the forestry plantations of Grizedale Forest and only two-thirds of a mile from the eastern shore of Coniston Water. This large separation from any higher ground gives it enough relative height to make it a Marilyn.
Ascents
It is listed in Alfred Wainwright's Pictorial Guide to the Outlying Fells, where the author gives an anticlockwise circuit from High Nibthwaite reaching the summit by way of a nameless summit at (actually one of two cairns visited on the western edge of Brock Barrow), Low Light Haw at , High Light Haw at , and returning to the west. This walk is a little over four miles and involves about a thousand feet of climb. Wainwright's location is not the highest point of the fell, being 100m to the west of the true summit and 1m lower.
The western slopes (named Selside, from which the hill derives its name) are entirely forested, but a path zigzags up the steep fellside from a parking area at grid ref. SD 299927. This provides the shortest route to the summit and is two miles long (there and back).
The view is very impressive, although only a small portion of Coniston Water can be seen from the summit. The Old Man of Coniston, Black Combe, the Helvellyn and High Street groups all feature prominently, as well as Ingleborough in the Yorkshire Dales.
There are extensive views of Coniston Water from the two cairns which Wainwright visits on the ascent, and from the track used for the return journey.
Tarn
There is a small sheet of water to the south of the summit, Arnsbarrow Tarn (pictured above). According to Heaton Cooper, the tarn is held in the moraines left by two glaciers moving down each valley. They also say the area was populated by lawless brigands in the 14th century, who were led by Adam de Beaumont. They held the neighbourhood in terror for seventeen years from 1346 to 1363, when they were finally caught. Arnesbarrow is a Norse name meaning burial place or stronghold of Arne.
References
See also
List of fells in the Lake District
List of Marilyns in England
Fells of the Lake District
Marilyns of England
Colton, Cumbria
The 1961–62 season was Newport County's fourth consecutive season in the Football League Third Division since the end of regionalisation in 1958. It was their 33rd season in the third tier and 34th competitive season overall in the Football League.
Season review
Results summary
Results by round
Fixtures and results
Third Division
FA Cup
Football League Cup
Welsh Cup
League table
External links
Newport County 1961-1962 : Results
Newport County football club match record: 1962
Welsh Cup 1961/62
References
Amber in the Blood: A History of Newport County.
1961-62
English football clubs 1961–62 season
1961–62 in Welsh football
Edwin Noel Auguste Plowden, Lord Plowden, GBE, KCB (6 January 1907 – 15 February 2001) was a British industrialist and public servant in the Treasury.
Career
Before the Second World War, Plowden joined C Tennant Sons & Co, commodity dealers. As they spoke French and German and knew the European mainland well, they were put in charge of selling Palestine potash, in competition with the European potash cartel; they did so to such effect that their firm, as it had hoped, was invited to join the cartel.
During the war, they served in the Ministry of Economic Warfare, and later joined the Ministry of Aircraft Production, in which they remained until 1946. During 1945–46 they were chief executive in succession to Air Chief Marshal Sir Wilfrid Freeman.
They returned after the War to the private sector, but then was appointed Chief Planning Officer to the Cabinet Office in March 1947. The group was called the Central Economic Planning Staff and Plowden headed it for over six years.
Korean War
"I was at this stage put in charge of a working party set up to formulate an official reply to the Americans and, over the next year or so, was to be responsible for the general economic supervision of the rearmament programme."
Conservative Government
Rab Butler, Chancellor of the Exchequer (1951–55) inherited Plowden after the Conservatives took power in 1951. They commented, "But I depended on Edwin Plowden, as head of the economic planning staff, to interpret and give practical edge to the advice generated by the less voluble and extrovert Hall (Robert Hall, Lord Roberthall), to act as vulgarisateur or publicist for their ideas. Plowden was to be my faithful watchdog in chief, and their departure for industry in 1953 undoubtedly weakened my position and that of the British economy".
Personal life
Their wife, Bridget (née Bridget Horatia Richmond; 1910–2000), chaired the group which authored and published the 1967 Plowden Report on primary education. They were created a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE).
Death
Lord Plowden died of hypertension in 2001, aged 94, one year after their wife's death. They predeceased their two sons and one daughter while another daughter predeceased both Sir Edwin and Dame Bridget Plowden.
Arms
Plowden was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in the 1946 Birthday Honours, a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 1951 Birthday Honours and was promoted to a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE) in the 1987 Birthday Honours.
They were created a life peer with the title Baron Plowden, of Plowden in the county of Shropshire on 17 February 1959.
References
External links
The Papers of Lord Plowden held at Churchill Archives Centre
1907 births
2001 deaths
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
Crossbench life peers
Deaths from hypertension
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Marsh Gibbon is a village and civil parish in Buckinghamshire, England. It is close to the A41 and the border with Oxfordshire about east of Bicester.
History
The village name comes from the English word 'marsh', describing the typical state of land in the area due to the high water table of the Aylesbury Vale. The affix 'Gibbon' derives from the family name 'Gibwen', the lords of the manor here in the twelfth century. In manorial rolls of 1292 the village was recorded as Mersh Gibwyne, though earlier (in 1086) it was known simply as Merse.
One of the two entries in the Domesday Book for the village is unique in having the only comment of any kind, namely "Graviter et miserabiliter". In translation the complete entry reads:
Ailric's manor, now named Westbury Manor, was given by King Edward IV to the Company of Cooks in London, though it has since been sold into private hands.
The second manor was the property of the abbey of Grestein in Normandy, France. However, in 1365 this was seized by the Crown because it belonged to a foreign church. In 1437 it was granted to an almshouse trust founded at Ewelme in Oxfordshire. In 1617 James I granted the Mastership of the Ewelme Trust to the Regius Professor of Medicine at the University of Oxford in whose hands it remains today. Its manor house is Elizabethan and situated just south of the thirteenth-century church and about 200 metres from Westbury Manor to the West.
Following a skirmish at Hillesden in 1645, the parliamentarian troops were garrisoned here in Marsh Gibbon before marching on to Boarstall. The ground works of their encampment were visible in the field to northwest of the Ewelme manor house but have since been flattened in the late 1950s.
Geography
To the east of the village is the hamlet of Little Marsh and to the south east is the hamlet of Summerstown.
Amenities
The parish church of Marsh Gibbon is dedicated to St Mary the Virgin. Robert Clavering, who later became the Bishop of Peterborough, was the rector from 1719.
The village has two pubs, the Greyhound and the Plough.
North of the village and just outside Poundon, is Tower Hill Business Park. This was previously Poundon Hill Wireless Station, a FCO/MI6 signals intelligence station.
Marsh Gibbon Church of England School is a mixed, voluntary aided primary school, with approximately 100 pupils. It takes children from the age of four through to the age of eleven.
References
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Robertinho is a Portuguese nickname for the name Roberto. Notable people with the name include:
Robertinho Silva (born 1941), Brazilian jazz drummer
Robertinho do Recife (born 1953), Brazilian guitarist and composer
Robertinho (footballer, born 1960), full name Roberto Oliveira Gonçalves do Carmo, Brazilian football manager and former striker
Robertinho (footballer, born 1988), full name Roberto Soares Anghinetti, Brazilian football winger
See also
Roberto
Bolshoe Podberezye (; , Zur Podbereze or Күлле ил, Külle il) is a village in Kaybitsky District, Republic of Tatarstan, Russia. It is the administrative center of Bolshepodberezinskoe municipal unit.
Geography
Located on the river Birlya (left tributary of Sviyaga), 18 km south-west of the regional center - Bolshiye Kaybitsy.
History
The village is founded in the second half of 16th century.
It was a center of Podberzye district in 1944–56.
Population
1989 – 860
1997 – 878
2010 – 730
Ethic composition
In the year of 2002: Russians – 93%, Tatars – 4%, Chuvash people – 3%
In the year of 2010: Russians – 92%, Tatars – 4%, Chuvash people – 3%, there are also Tajiks and Azerbaijanis.
Infrastructure
Middle school founded in 1836
People connected with the village
In this village Andrey Koshkin, a Hero of the Soviet Union.
References
Rural localities in Kaybitsky District
Sviyazhsky Uyezd
In Greek mythology, Everes or Eueres (Ancient Greek: Εὐήρους or Εὐήρης "well-fitted") may refer to the following characters:
Everes, the Theban father, by the nymph Chariclo, of Tiresias. They may be a descendant of Udaeus, one of the Spartoi.
Everes, an Arcadian son of Heracles and Parthenope, daughter of King Stymphalus of Arcadia.
Everes, a Taphian prince who was the only one to survive among the sons of King Pterelaus of Taphos, who was at war with Mycenae. They were the brother of Chromius, Tyrannus, Antiochus, Chersidamas and Mestor.
Notes
References
Pseudo-Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Arcadian characters in Greek mythology
Theban characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Arcadian mythology
Theban mythology
The Echo Hill Outdoor School was founded in 1972 by Peter P. Rice Jr. and is located near Betterton in Kent County on Maryland's Eastern Shore. The School provides 1 to 5 day programs for children and adults from public and private schools throughout the Mid-Atlantic in experiential education and the ecology of the Chesapeake Bay and its surrounding ecosystems.
The school owns the Chesapeake Bay skipjack Elsworth, the oyster buyboat Annie D. and two work boats, the Spirit and Twilight for use in marine education programs.
Registered in Maryland as Echo Hill Outdoor School, Inc. since October 18, 1972, the school is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. It operates on a 70-acre campus of open fields and forest, at the edge of a 172-acre freshwater marsh, which the school also owns. The school's teachers use the surrounding outdoor environment as a classroom and laboratory for educational programs emphasizing environmental studies.
References
External links
Echo Hill Outdoor School
Schools in Kent County, Maryland
Luigi Basiletti (18 April 1780 – 25 January 1859) was an Italian painter, engraver, architect, and archeologist.
Biography
They were born in Brescia. They were a pupil of Sante Cattaneo, then moved to Bologna, and in 1806 to Rome. They painted sacred subjects, mythology as well as landscapes.
They painted a Cascade at Tivoli for the Brera Academy at Milan.  They are also represented by a Niobe and the landscapes Lago d'Iseo, Tempio di Sibilla, and Pozzuoli at the Galleria Tosio Martinengo in Brescia. Among other works are a Guardian Angel for the Duomo Vecchio of Brescia. They painted the Ferimento di Baiardo (1828) now in the Atheneum of Brescia. They painted frescoes for rooms in the Atheneum, and the Palazzo Martinengo.
They contributed to the architectural decoration of the cupola by Luigi Cagnola for the Duomo Nuovo of Brescia (1820) and with the architect Vita a design for the Mercato del Grano (1820–1823). They designed the entrance staircase to the parish church of Gussago. They formed part of an archeologic commission in 1823 established in Brescia. They became an associate of the Brescian Atheneum (1810) and censor (1816–1844) and was admitted as an associated of the Brera Academy (1828).
External links
Sources
1780 births
1859 deaths
Architects from Brescia
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
19th-century Italian painters
Artists from Brescia
19th-century Italian male artists
Mbatian (died 1890) was a Maasai laibon known for prophesies that they made and consequent victories by Maasai warriors that were attributed to him.
Early life
Mbatian was born to the Maasai laibon Supeet and they succeeded them as laibon.
Maasai - Laikipia war
Berntsen (1979) notes that elders of the Purko-Kisongo Maasai relate that it was warriors of the Il Aimer age-set (c. 1870-1875) who blunted the attack of their northern neighbours the Ilaikipiak and then destroyed them as a social unit. The elders do not attribute the victory of the Maasai warriors to superior military strength but rather to the prophetic-ritual leadership of the famous laibon Mbatian who exploited their influence among several Purko-Kisongo sections to unite all the warriors of the Purko-Kisongo against the Ilaikipiak.
According to Purko informants, the Purko and the Ilaikipiak allied to raid the Uasin Gishu during the warriorhood of the Il Nyankusi age-set (c. 1860s - 1870s). These traditions imply a joint or at least a coordinated attack. More recently, there has been scholarly speculation that some Purko sought charms and medicines from the prophet of the Ilaikipiak - Koikoti ole Tunai - whose kraal was located much closer to the Purko than was Mbatian's.
Following one of the Purko-Ilaikipak raids on the Uasin Gishu, the warriors of the Purko and those of the Ilaikipiak fell out over the distribution of the captured cattle. Details vary but a consistent element of the narrative claims that Kuiyoni, the speaker of the Purko warriors, instructed their warriors to take more than their share of cattle. Incensed, the Ilaikipiak warriors, guided by Koikoti, raided the Purko and the other sections around Naivasha, driving them completely from the region. A number of accounts suggest that the Ilaikipiak allied with the Uasin Gishu to exact revenge on the Purko.
The demoralized warriors and elders of the Purko then turned to Mbatian for aid. They appealed to them using various methods and were eventually successful in drawing them into the conflict. Mbatian directed warriors from other,uninvolved sections of the Purko-Kisongo to join the Purko and the other shattered sections to resist and destroy the Ilaikipiak.
Many accounts of the late 19th century capture the conflict between the Maasai and the Laikipia/Uasin Gishu Kwavi alliance. They all note that this conflict ended in the subsequent annihilation of the latter. Stigand for instance noted that the final extinction of the Laikipia arose due to conflict with the southern Maasai.
Succession
A number of factors determined the selection of a laibon's successor and it would seem that one of the most influential of these factors was the age-set whose time it was at the time of the laibon's death. In that, the sons belonging to the age-set whose time it was usually stood a greater chance of succeeding their father as opposed to those whose time had passed or was yet to come.
The time of Mbatian's death in 1890, was the time of the Il Talala, who had been initiated in 1882. This was the age-set of two of Mbatian's sons, Senteu and their rival half-brother Lenana. Of the two, Mbatian had indicated a preference for the former by having invited Senteu to join them in preparing medicines and prophecies for the age-set ceremony of 1882.
It is noted that when Mbatian was on the point of death, they called the elders of the Matapato, the district where they resided and among other prophesies, told them that they wished their successor to be the son to whom they would give the medicine man's insignia.  They are then reputed to have called their eldest son Sendenyo (also known as Senteu) and said to them "Come tomorrow morning for I wish to give you the medicine man's insignia".
Lenana, who had hidden themselves in the calf-shed, overheard the conversation. They rose early the next morning and went to their father's hut whereupon they said "Father, I have come". Mbatian was very old by this time and had only one good eye. They therefore did not see which of their sons was before them and so they gave to Lenana the medicine man's insignia (the iron club and the medicine horn, the gourd, the stones and the bag) at the same time saying "Thou shalt be great amongst thy brothers and amongst all the people". Lenana took the insignia and went away.
When Sendenyo went to their father, they were told that their brother had already been there and had taken the medicine man's insignia. They were angered and said "I will not be subject to my brother; I will fight them till I kill him".
Mbatian died and was buried near Donyo Erok.
Following Mbatian's death, factions formed around their two sons and civil war broke out. Soon after, disease broke out amongst Sendenyo's people, many of whom died, their cattle all perished and they were defeated by the Germans. Conversely, Lenana's people did not fall ill and they were successful in their raids and thus obtained cattle. Sendenyo eventually came to their brother Lenana in 1902 and begged that they be allowed to live with Lenana and peace was thus concluded between the two parties.
Legacy
Batian Peak, the highest peak of Mount Kenya (5,199 metres or 17,057 feet) and highest point in Kenya
References
Year of birth missing
1890 deaths
Maasai people
The Arizona borderlands are the geographic and cultural region north of the Arizona portion of the US-Mexico border. The area is unique in that it features both an international border and the Tohono O'oham sovereign nation along much of that border. Frequent and persistent topics of interest in the area include the presence of illegal immigration, the confluence of local, state, and national politics surrounding the border, conservation and sustainable living, and the presence of drug traffickers and paramilitary forces in the vicinity.
Background
Arizona's southern border comprises 24% of the entire United States-Mexico Border and contains six of the state's ten Ports of Entry. These ports are of particular importance, however, because significant drug trafficking occurs via drugs hidden in vehicles. Of particular concern are drug trafficking operations in the area: the area is used heavily by the Sinaloa Cartel for smuggling meth, cocaine, heroin and marijuana across the border in the United States.
Tohono O'Odham Nation
The Gadsden Purchase in 1854 divided the Tohono O'odham Nation into two pieces across an international border. Seventy-five miles of the southern border of the Tohono O'odham Nation's border coincide with the United States-Mexico border, making it the second largest reservation in the United States. The Tohono O'odham people have lived in this region for thousands of years and frequently need to cross the border to visit family members and sacred sites, typically in northwestern Mexico.
The existing US border control in the area already presented an obstacle to members of the tribe, and after the passing of the Arizona Borderlands Protection and Preservation Act, giving the Department of Homeland Security access to federal lands for security activities. This coupled with the Trump administration's plan to establish a wall along the border, has produced more tension in the region. In order for such a wall to be built without the approval of the Tohono O'odham government, the relevant piece of the land would first have to be removed from the Tohono O'odham Nation's trust, which requires a Congressional bill.
The rocky geography and remote location of the border contained within the Tohono O'odham nation make it infeasible for law enforcement officers to effectively patrol the border, though mounting efforts in the area have created a militarized atmosphere that is disturbing to members of the Tohono O'odham tribe.
Immigration
One of the ways most commonly used to enter the country by the poorest immigrants is on foot through the Sonoran Desert. The trek takes upwards of three days and immigrants face a host of issues while making it. Near the border, temperatures rise into the triple digits during the daytime in the summer months and fall to near freezing during the nighttime in the winter months. Average annual precipitation varies along the border but can be as low as three inches, while rainfall during the North American Monsoon season can be surprising and deadly (resulting in the passing of the Stupid Motorist Law, for example).
Immigrants attempting to cross the border frequently die making the trek: in 2013, 800 unidentified bodies of attempted immigrants were being held in Tucson, Arizona awaiting identification. Immigrants also leave feces, abandoned vehicles, and trash: in a three-year period, more than a quarter million pounds of trash were removed from the area.
A humanitarian organization called No More Deaths works to reduce the deaths of migrants crossing through the desert.
Drug Trafficking
Huge desolate areas between the six Ports of Entry found along the Arizona border provide stealthy smuggling routes for large drug operations, using national parks and Indian reservations to push methamphetamine, cocaine, and other drugs across the border. This border provides an easy route to Phoenix and Tucson, which house large-scale organizations responsible for distributing the drugs throughout the U.S. We have seen a steady increase in the amount of methamphetamine, heroin, cocaine, and marijuana seized, most notably a 79% in cocaine and a 93% in ice methamphetamine. There has been more than 416,000 kilograms smuggled through the Tohono O'Odham reservation, as the reservation is very open to allow unimpeded travel for residents on the reservation.
The reservations are not the only route they use to push their drugs; Mexican cartels also use tunnels to smuggle drugs into Arizona. The amount of tunnels discovered in Arizona is the most out of all the Southern Border states. Many of these tunnels utilize already created drainage tunnels and irrigation systems. Drug Trafficking Operations also utilize hidden compartments in vehicles to transport drugs across the border. Not only are hidden compartments used, but these operations often create cloned government or commercial vehicles to transport drugs in this region.
References
Politics of Arizona
The 2012 Samsung Mobile 500 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on April 14, 2012, at Texas Motor Speedway in Fort Worth, Texas. Contested over 334 laps, it was the seventh race of the 2012 season. Greg Biffle of RFK Racing took their first win of the season, while Jimmie Johnson finished second and Mark Martin finished third.
Report
Background
Texas Motor Speedway, is one of ten intermediate to hold NASCAR races; the others are Atlanta Motor Speedway, Kansas Speedway, Chicagoland Speedway, Darlington Raceway, Homestead Miami Speedway, New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Kentucky Speedway, Las Vegas Motor Speedway, and Charlotte Motor Speedway. The standard track is a four-turn quad-oval track that is long. The track's turns are banked at twenty-four degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, is five degrees. The backstretch, opposite of the front, also has a five degree banking. The racetrack has seats for 191,122 spectators.
Before the race, Greg Biffle led the Drivers' Championship with 226 points, and Dale Earnhardt Jr. stood in second with 220. Tony Stewart, Matt Kenseth, Kevin Harvick and Martin Truex Jr. followed in the next four positions with 214 points. Denny Hamlin with 210 points, was eight points ahead of Ryan Newman and 18 ahead of Clint Bowyer in eighth and ninth. Jimmie Johnson, with 189, was ten points ahead of Carl Edwards in eleventh. Brad Keselowski completed the first twelve positions with 175 points, 51 points behind Biffle. In the Manufacturers' Championship, Chevrolet was leading with 42 points, nine points ahead of Ford. Toyota, with 30 points, was three points ahead of Dodge in the battle for third. Kenseth was the race's defending race winner after winning it in 2011.
Practice and qualifying
Two practice sessions were held before the race; the first on April 12, 2012 which lasted 120 minutes. The second and final practice session was held on the following day and lasted 90 minutes. Mark Martin was quickest with a time of 28.507 seconds in the first session, less than four-hundredths of a second faster than Biffle. Harvick was just off Biffle's pace, followed by A. J. Allmendinger, Regan Smith, and Marcos Ambrose. Kenseth was seventh, still within two-tenths of a second of Martin's time. In the second and final practice session, Trevor Bayne was quickest with a time of 29.246 seconds. Biffle followed in the second position, ahead of Kenseth, Bowyer, and Allmendinger. Harvick was sixth after posting a time of 29.355 seconds, while Hamlin and Kurt Busch followed in seventh and eighth. Truex Jr. and Joey Logano rounded out the first ten positions.
Forty-six cars were entered for qualifying, but only forty-three raced because of NASCAR's qualifying procedure. Truex Jr. clinched their seventh pole position during their career, with a time of 28.366 seconds. They were joined on the front row of the grid by Kenseth. Biffle qualified third, Martin took fourth, and Kasey Kahne started fifth. Newman, Ambrose, Keselowski, Jamie McMurray, and Johnson rounded out the first ten positions. The drivers who failed to qualify for the race were David Stremme, Joe Nemechek and Stacy Compton. Once the qualifying session concluded, Truex Jr. said, "That's our main goal. This team's good enough. We can get to Victory Lane. We're going to do it soon. I feel good about this team. I'm just having so much fun coming to the race track and driving these cars. We're going to make them proud here pretty quick."
Notes
The last 234 laps went green, setting a NASCAR record for the longest consecutive green flag run on an intermediate track.
References
Samsung Mobile 500
Samsung Mobile 500
Samsung Mobile 500
2010s in Fort Worth, Texas
NASCAR races at Texas Motor Speedway
"Boys and Girls" is a song by the British synthpop group The Human League. It was released as a stand-alone single in the UK in February 1981 and peaked at number 48 in the UK Singles Charts. It was written by lead singer Philip Oakey and the band's visual director / keyboard player Philip Adrian Wright.
It was the first single released by the new Human League line-up of Oakey, Wright together with new teenage dancers Susanne Sulley (now called Susan Ann Sulley) and Joanne Catherall, although the latter two did not perform on the record and only appear on the picture sleeve. The new line-up formed after the acrimonious departure of Martyn Ware and Ian Craig Marsh from the band four months earlier.
Background
By late 1980 Oakey was deeply in debt to Virgin Records so both they and the label were keen that they release a single to start clearing that debt as early in 1981 as possible.
"Boys and Girls" was a song that had been used on the November 1980 European tour. On return from the tour it was recorded quickly and rushed out by Virgin Records in late February 1981.
Release
The single was initially issued in a gatefold picture sleeve although contained a single 7" disc only with the instrumental track "Tom Baker" as the B-side. After a limited gatefold run it was released in a regular picture sleeve.
At the time it was remarked on that Sulley and Catherall were missing from the song, after the mythology that had been started in the media about their recent recruitment to the band from the Crazy Daisy Nightclub four months earlier. This was because they had both returned to school full-time and "Boys and Girls" was originally written without any female vocals. Although both Sulley and Catherall do feature on the record sleeve artwork and publicity material. Reviewing the single in the NME, Stuart Maconie remarked:
{{cquote | "Boys and Girls" is a cold, scary, uncomfortable effort with church bells, an operatic chorus, and, er, minimal contribution by 'Those Girls' (i.e. none)…"}}
Reviewing the single for Smash Hits, critic David Hepworth stated "Sometimes I wonder whether these boys (and nowadays girls) seriously crave a hit or not" and invited the band to "Shape up"
Legacy
With the benefit of hindsight critics now state that 'Boys and Girls' belongs to the earlier pre split Mk 1 Human League experimental electronic sound of Travelogue. It would be the last time that style was produced by the band as they evolved towards the Dare album sound within months. Both "Boys and Girls" and the B side "Tom Baker" were included on the 2003 remastered reissue of the Travelogue'' album in 2003.Although the song was never included on any of the group's hit singles compilation albums, it did feature on the career-spanning "A Very British Synthesiser Group" anthology.
Track listing
7" vinyl (Virgin VS395)
"Boys and Girls" – 3:12
"Tom Baker" – 3:58
References
External links
Unofficial Human League Database
The Human League songs
1981 singles
Songs written by Philip Oakey
Songs written by Philip Adrian Wright
1981 songs
Song recordings produced by John Leckie
Virgin Records singles
Allegheny-Clarion Valley School District (ACVSD) is a small, rural, public school district in western Pennsylvania. It spans portions of four counties and is the only Pennsylvania public school district to do so. The district is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania. The Allegheny-Clarion Valley School District encompasses approximately . In Armstrong County it covers the City of Parker and Hovey Township. In Butler County it serves Allegheny Township. In Clarion County it serves the Boroughs of Emlenton, Foxburg and St. Petersburg and Perry Township and Richland Township. In Venango County it serves the Borough of Emlenton and Richland Township and Scrubgrass Township. According to 2000 federal census data, Allegheny-Clarion Valley School District serves a resident population of 5,944. By 2010, the district's population declined to 5,749 people. In 2009, the district residents' per capita income was $15,525, while the median family income was $36,867. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. By 2013, the median household income in the United States rose to $52,100.
The district operates:
Allegheny-Clarion Valley Elementary School – Grades K-6
Allegheny-Clarion Valley Jr./Sr. High School – Grades 7–12
Extracurriculars
Sports
The district funds:
Varsity
Boys
Baseball - A
Basketball- A
Cross Country - A
Football - A
Golf - AA
Track and Field - AA
Girls
Basketball - A
Cheer - AAAA
Cross Country - A
Golf - AA
Softball - A
Track and Field - AA
Volleyball - A
Junior High School Sports
Boys
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track and Field
Girls
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Track and Field
Volleyball
According to PIAA directory July 2013
References
External links
Allegheny-Clarion Valley School District
PIAA
School districts in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania
School districts in Butler County, Pennsylvania
School districts in Clarion County, Pennsylvania
School districts in Venango County, Pennsylvania
Pacific Reserve Fleet, Olympia was part of the United States Navy reserve fleets in Budd Inlet in Puget Sound off North Olympia, Washington at . The Reserve Fleet was opened in 1946 to store the many surplus ships after World War II. The mothball fleet was mostly cargo ships used in the merchant marine navy. When opend is had 95 ships, mostly cargo ships, but also troop ships and oil tankers. Shore power was wired to the ships to keep them operational. Some ships there were reactivated for Korean War and Vietnam War. After the Korean War 185 ships were mothballed at the fleet. The fleet was also used to store the United States' surplus wheat in 47 ships starting in 1954. Pacific Reserve Fleet, Olympia closed in 1972, the last 29 ships in the fleet were removed, all but 4 were scrapped.
A Marking near the site reads:
In recognition of the Olympia National Defense reserve Fleet here in Budd Inlet from March 1946 to June 1972 lay many gallant ships. When not at rest, they and their brave crews served the commerce and security of America and their friends abroad in the Second World War and in later times of Crises.
See also
Puget Sound Naval Shipyard
Washington State Capitol
External links
youtube.com, The Mothball Fleet
youtube.com The USN Mothball Fleet - Storing up for a rainy day
References
Olympia Reserve Fleet
Olympia, Washington
Olympia, Washington
"Life Is Showtime" (stylized as "Life is Showtime") is the debut solo single of Golden Bomber vocalist Shō Kiryūin (credited as "Shō Kiryūin from Golden Bomber"). It serves as the opening theme song to the 2012 Kamen Rider Series Kamen Rider Wizard. In recording the song, Kiryūin stated that they felt closer to being like their idol Gackt, who performed a previous Kamen Rider Series' theme song in 2009. The single had 4 editions released: a standard CD release, a standard DVD release containing the music video, and two additional limited edition DVD releases subtitled and which include edited versions of the music video.
Overview
"Life Is Showtime" performed well on Japan's various music charts, reaching number 3 on the Oricon's Weekly Chart on the week of its release, a debut at number 1 on the Daily Charts, and an overall 11 on the Monthly Charts for October. On dwango's Ring Tone download charts, it debuted at number 1, with other number 1's on the Billboard Japan Hot 100 and Japan Hot Singles Sales charts. It also reached 20 on the Billboard Japan Hot Top Airplay chart and number 3 on Count Down TVs chart.
Music video
The music video for "Life Is Showtime" features Japanese professional wrestler Hiroshi Tanahashi, professional boxer Daiki Kameda, and judoka Keiji Suzuki battling Ghouls, the low level enemies that Kamen Rider Wizard also battles.
Track listing
References
Japanese-language songs
Japanese television drama theme songs
2012 singles
Avex Group singles
Kamen Rider Wizard
2012 in Japanese music
Billboard Japan Hot 100 number-one singles
Songs with lyrics by Shoko Fujibayashi
2012 songs
Cyrus Edwin Dallin (November 22, 1861 – November 14, 1944) was an American sculptor best known for their depictions of Native Americans. They created more than 260 works, including the Equestrian Statue of Paul Revere in Boston, Massachusetts; the Angel Moroni atop Salt Lake Temple in Salt Lake City, Utah; and Appeal to the Great Spirit (1908), at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston. They were also an accomplished painter and an Olympic archer.
Biography
Dallin was born in Springville, Utah Territory, the son of Thomas and Jane (Hamer) Dallin, both of whom had left The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) before their marriage. At age 19, they moved to Boston to study sculpture with Truman Howe Bartlett. They studied in Paris, with Henri Chapu and at the Académie Julian.
In 1883, they entered a competition to sculpt an equestrian statue of Paul Revere for Boston, Massachusetts. They won the competition and received a contract, but six versions of their model were rejected. The fifth model was not accepted because of fundraising problems. The seventh version was accepted in 1939 and the full-size statue was unveiled in 1940.
Dallin converted to Unitarianism and initially turned down the offer to sculpt the angel Moroni for the spire of the LDS Church's Salt Lake Temple. They later accepted the commission and, after finishing the statue said, "My angel Moroni brought me nearer to God than anything I ever did." Their statue became a symbol for the LDS Church and was the model for other angel Moroni statues on the spires of LDS Church temples.
In Boston, Dallin became a colleague of Augustus St. Gaudens and a close friend of John Singer Sargent. They married Vittoria Colonna Murray in 1891 and returned to Utah to work on The Angel Moroni (1893). They taught for a year at the Drexel Institute in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, while completing their Sir Isaac Newton (1895) for the Library of Congress. In 1897, they traveled to Paris, and studied with Jean Dampt. They entered a Don Quixote statuette in the Salon of 1897, and The Medicine Man in the Salon of 1899 and the Exposition Universelle (1900). The couple moved to Arlington, Massachusetts, in 1900, where they established their residence and raised three sons.
At the 1904 Summer Olympics in St. Louis, Missouri, Dallin competed in archery, winning the bronze medal in the team competition. They finished ninth in the Double American round and 12th in the Double York round.
From 1899 to 1941, they were a member of the faculty of Massachusetts Normal Art School (now the Massachusetts College of Art and Design). In 1912, they were elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate member and became a full Academician in 1930.
When they died in 1944, their life was celebrated in a Unitarian service.
Equestrian sculptures of indigenous peoples: The Epic of the Indian
Dallin created four prominent equestrian sculptures of indigenous people known as The Epic of the Indian: A Signal of Peace, or The Welcome (1890); The Medicine Man, or The Warning (1899); Protest of the Sioux, or The Defiance (1904); and Appeal to the Great Spirit (1908).
A Signal of Peace was exhibited at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition and was installed in Chicago's Lincoln Park in 1894. The Medicine Man was exhibited at the 1899 Paris Salon, and the 1900 Exposition Universelle in Paris, where it won a gold medal. It was installed in Philadelphia's Fairmount Park in 1903.
The full-size staff version of Protest of the Sioux was exhibited at the 1904 Louisiana Purchase Exposition, where it won a gold medal. The mounted brave defiantly shaking their fist at an enemy was never cast as a full-size bronze and survives only in statuette form. A one-third-size bronze version, cast in 1986, is at the Springville Museum of Art in Springville, Utah.
Appeal to the Great Spirit became an icon of American art and is Dallin's most famous work. The full-size version was cast in bronze in Paris and won a gold medal at the 1909 Paris Salon. It was installed outside the main entrance to the Boston Museum of Fine Arts in 1912. Smaller versions of the work are in numerous American museums and in the permanent collection of the White House.
In 1929, a full-sized bronze version of Appeal to the Great Spirit—personally overseen and approved by Dallin— was installed in Muncie, Indiana, at the intersection of Walnut and Granville Streets, and is considered by many residents to be a symbol of their city. A one-third-size plaster version was given to Tulsa, Oklahoma's Central High in 1923. It stood in the school's main hall until 1976, when Central closed its doors. In 1985, that plaster was used to cast a one-third-size bronze version, which is now in Woodward Park (Tulsa), at the intersection of 21st and Peoria Streets. There is also a version at St. John University in Wisconsin.
Legacy
The Cyrus E. Dallin Museum is located in the Jefferson Cutter House in Arlington, Massachusetts, is a museum devoted to their works with a collection of over 60 pieces, and many others of their sculptures are in the vicinity.
An elementary school in Arlington is named for him.
The Taylor-Dallin House in Arlington, Massachusetts, where Dallin and their family lived is a privately owned residence and has not been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
More than 30 of Dallin's works are on display at the Springville Museum of Art in their birthplace of Springville, Utah. The Dallin House at 253 S. 300 East in Springville, Utah, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dallin's papers are at the Smithsonian Archives of American Art.
Selected works
Model for Equestrian Statue of Lafayette (1889), Smithsonian American Art Museum, Washington, D.C.
The Angel Moroni (1893), atop Salt Lake Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah
Brigham Young Monument (1893), Main and South Temple Streets, Salt Lake City, Utah
Sir Isaac Newton (1895), Main Reading Room, Library of Congress, Washington, D.C.
Don Quixote de La Mancha: The Knight of the Windmill (1898), Springville Museum of Art, Springville, Utah
Equestrian statue of Paul Revere (1899, dedicated 1940), Paul Revere Mall, opposite Old North Church, Boston, Massachusetts
View of Hobble Creek (ca 1900), Utah Museum of Fine Arts, Salt Lake City, Utah
Eli Whitney Tablet (1902), Richmond County Courthouse, Augusta, Georgia
The Pickett (1905), Battle of Hanover, Hanover, Pennsylvania
Victory (1909), Pioneer Park, Provo, Utah
General Winfield Scott Hancock (1909–10), Pennsylvania State Memorial, Gettysburg Battlefield, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument (1909–1911), Clinton Square, Syracuse, New York
My Boys (c. 1910), Robbins Memorial Library, Arlington, Massachusetts
Robbins Memorial Flagstaff (1914), Town Hall, Arlington, Massachusetts
Anne Hutchinson (1915, dedicated 1922), Massachusetts Statehouse, Boston, Massachusetts
Governor William Bradford (1920, dedicated 1976), Pilgrim Hall Museum, Plymouth, Massachusetts
Pilgrim Tercentenary half dollar (1920)
Signing the Mayflower Compact (1921), Provincetown, Massachusetts
Boy and Their Dog (1923) Lincoln, Massachusetts
Memory (1924), Sherborn War Memorial, Sherborn, Massachusetts
Spirit of Life (1929). Springville Museum of Art, Springville, Utah
Pioneer Women of Utah (1931), Springville Museum of Art, Springville, Utah
Memorial to The Pioneer Mothers of Springville (1932), Springville City Park, Springville, Utah
Indigenous American works
A Signal of Peace (1890), Lincoln Park, Chicago, Illinois
The Medicine Man (1899), Fairmount Park, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Protest of the Sioux (1904)
A one-third-size bronze version (cast 1986) is in the Springville Museum of Art in Springville, Utah
Appeal to the Great Spirit (1909), Boston Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, Massachusetts
Smaller bronze versions are in Muncie, Indiana and the Museum of the West in Scottsdale, Arizona
A one-third-size plaster version, and a 1985 bronze version (cast from that plaster) are in Tulsa, Oklahoma
The Scout (1910, dedicated 1922), Penn Valley Park, Kansas City, Missouri
A one-third-size bronze version is in Seville, Spain; a 1992 gift from Seville's sister-city, Kansas City, Missouri
Chief Joseph (1911), New York Historical Society, New York City
Menotomy Indian Hunter (1911), Robbins Memorial Gardens, Arlington, Massachusetts
Massasoit (1920), Cole's Hill, opposite Plymouth Rock, Plymouth, Massachusetts
Other casts are at Utah State Capitol, Salt Lake City, Utah; Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah; Springville Museum of Art, Springville, Utah; Mill Creek Park, Kansas City, Missouri; and Dayton Art Institute, Dayton, Ohio.
On the Warpath #28 (c. 1920), Utah Museum of Fine Arts, Salt Lake City, Utah and Brookgreen Garden Museum, Brookgreen, South Carolina
Passing of the Buffalo, also known as The Last Arrow (1929), Muncie, Indiana
Pretty Eagle, Portrait Bust
Robbins Memorial Flagstaff, (1914) Native American woman with infant, Town Hall, Arlington, Massachusetts
Sacagawea (1914), Museum of the West in Scottsdale, Arizona, Plaster version Cyrus Dallin Art Museum, Arlington Massachusetts
Gallery
References
External links
List of sculptures by Cyrus Dallin in Massachusetts
The Cyrus E. Dallin Art Museum, Arlington, Massachusetts
Springville Museum of Art , Springville, Utah
from 1943 Class of Central High
1861 births
1944 deaths
Sculptors from Utah
People from Springville, Utah
Sculptors from Massachusetts
Artists from Boston
People from Arlington, Massachusetts
Académie Julian alumni
Drexel University faculty
Massachusetts College of Art and Design faculty
Angel Moroni
American male archers
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in archery
Archers at the 1904 Summer Olympics
National Academy of Design members
Former Latter Day Saints
American Unitarians
Converts to Unitarianism
20th-century American sculptors
American male sculptors
Medalists at the 1904 Summer Olympics
National Sculpture Society members
American currency designers
Coin designers
19th-century American sculptors
19th-century male artists
The Wallowa River is a tributary of the Grande Ronde River, approximately long, in northeastern Oregon in the United States. It drains a valley on the Columbia Plateau in the northeast corner of the state north of Wallowa Mountains.
The Wallowa Valley was home to Chief Joseph's band of the Nez Perce Tribe. Chief Joseph asked the first white settlers to leave when they arrived in 1871. The U.S. government expelled the tribe and seized their property and livestock in 1877, when non-Indian farmers and ranchers wanted to settle the fertile Wallowa valley. The tribe was barred from returning to their homeland by the government after repeated petitions. The tribal members were shipped in unheated box cars to Indian Territory (now Oklahoma) to be placed in a prisoner-of-war camp never to see their home again.
Course
The river begins at the confluence of its east and west forks, which rise in southern Wallowa County, in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest. It flows generally northwest through the Wallowa Valley, parallel to the McCully Basin which is East of the ridge formed from East Peak, Hidden Peak and Aneroid Mountain. At this point, the West Fork of the Wallowa River drainage basin is connected to the North Fork of the Imnaha River by the Polaris Pass drainage divide.
It then flows past the communities of Joseph, Enterprise, and Wallowa. Further upstream it receives the Minam River from the left at the hamlet of Minam. Continuing north another , it joins the Grande Ronde along the Wallowa–Union county line about north-northeast of Elgin and about from the larger river's confluence with the Snake River.
Fish
The Wallowa River supports populations of steelhead, spring Chinook salmon, and mountain whitefish among other species. Sockeye salmon were extirpated from the Wallowa River when a small dam was constructed at the outlet of Wallowa Lake in the headwaters of the river. The dam was constructed to raise the level of the lake to store water for irrigation.
See also
List of the longest streams of Oregon
List of rivers of Oregon
References
External links
Grande Ronde Model Watershed
National Wild and Scenic Rivers System
Rivers of Oregon
Nez Perce War
Wild and Scenic Rivers of the United States
Rivers of Wallowa County, Oregon
ROKS Choe Museon (SS-063) is the third ship of the Jang Bogo-class submarine of the Republic of Korea Navy, and was the second submarine to serve with the navy.  They are one of Jang Bogo-class submarines to be built in South Korea.
Development
At the end of the 1980s the South Korean navy started to improve its overall capability and began to operate more advanced vessels. South Korea purchased its first submarines, German U-209 class in its Type 1200 subvariant, ordered as the Jang Bogo class. These boats are generally similar to Turkey's six Atilay-class submarines, with German sensors and weapons.
The first order placed late in 1987 covered three boats, one to be completed in Germany and the other two in South Korea from German-supplied kits. There followed by two additional three-boat orders placed in October 1989 and January 1994 for boats of South Korean construction. The boats were commissioned from 1993 to 2001.
The older boats were upgraded, it is believed that the modernization included a hull stretch to the Type 1400 length, provision for tube-launched Harpoon missiles and the addition of a towed-array sonar.
Construction and career
ROKS Choe Museon was built and launched on 7 August 1993 by Daewoo Shipbuilding. They were acquired by the navy on 27 February 1995 and be commissioned 28 February 1995.
Exercise Pacific Reach 2000
The Republic of Singapore Navy played host to navies from Japan, Republic of Korea and the United States in Exercise Pacific Reach 2000, which was the first multilateral submarine rescue exercise held in the Western Pacific region. ROKS Choe Museon was chosen to represent South Korea in the exercise and they arrived on October 2, 2000.
See also
Type 209 submarine
References
External links
Ships built by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering
Attack submarines
Jang Bogo-class submarines
1993 ships
Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Collier Michell, KH (29 March 1793 in Exeter – 28 March 1851 in Eltham, London), later known as Charles Cornwallis Michell, was a British soldier, first surveyor-general in the Cape, road engineer, architect, artist and naturalist.
Early life
They were son to Admiral Sampson Michell and their wife Anne Shears. Their eldst brother was Admiral Frederick Thomas Michell. They were named after Admiral George Collier their father's commanding officer at the time.
Born in Exeter, Devon, and called Charles Cornwallis Michell later in their life because of the proximity to Cornwall of their birthplace, Michell was educated at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich and commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1809. They headed a brigade at the battles of Vittoria and Toulouse, took part in Waterloo and was appointed teacher of military drawing at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst on 24 March 1824 and professor of military fortification at Woolwich on 25 December 1825 and promoted to the brevet rank of major shortly thereafter. They were fluent in Spanish, Portuguese and French.
Cape of Good Hope
Michell was appointed as surveyor-general at the Cape in 1828, (having probably heard of the post through their cousin Rufane Donkin) at the same time holding the positions of superintendent of public works and civil engineer. For performing these functions, they received an annual salary of £800. The surveyor-general's duties included taking charge of the detailed surveys needed to produce a good map of the Colony, improving passes and roads and surveying the Colony's border accurately. They were an outstanding architect, designing various churches such as St. Paul's in Rondebosch and St. John's in Bathurst. They suggested improvements to Table Bay Harbour and designed lighthouses at Mouille Point, Cape Agulhas (supposedly modelled on the Pharos of Alexandria) and Cape Recife.
They acted as assistant quartermaster in the Sixth Frontier War in 1834. Their most active area was in the planning and construction of roads, as well as their improvement, being responsible for the planning of Michell's Pass near Ceres – a vast improvement on the old Mostert's Hoek Pass – and the Houw Hoek Pass near Elgin, both carried out by Andrew Geddes Bain, and Sir Lowry's Pass and the Montagu Pass, the latter constructed over the Outeniqua Mountains by an Australian road-engineer Henry Fancourt White in 1843–47. Besides all their other skills, Michell was an accomplished water-colourist, particularly of landscapes. Their illustrations appeared in Narrative of a voyage of observation among the colonies of Western Africa and of a campaign in Kaffirland (1837), written by their son-in-law, Capt. Sir James Edward Alexander. They were granted a pension in 1848 and returned to England, where they died on 28 March 1851 at Eltham.
Family
While Michell was posted in Toulouse, they married schoolgirl Anne D'Arragon on 10 October 1814, after eloping. They were the only daughter of a retired officer in the army of King Louis XVI of France and their parents disapproved of the marriage. Their first two children were born in Lisbon, Julia Anne in 1815 and Frederica Louisa in June 1817. The third, Lady Eveline Marie Alexander, was born in Nantes on 16 April 1821, and the last Anne in Cape Town on 28 October 1829.
Sampson Michell *1755 Croft West (Admiral in the service of the Portuguese Navy) – 20 January 1809 Rio de Janeiro x Ann Shears from Somerset
Frederick Thomas (later Admiral Sir Frederick Michell KCB) *8 April 1788 Exeter – January 1873 Totnes
Louisa *27 October 1789 Exeter x 1809 Jacob Whitbread (29 January 1782 – 20 January 1809
Jacob William
Charles Frederick
Gordon
Anne Maria *14 September 1791 Exeter x 1815 Benjamin Wood
Charles *29 March 1793 Exeter – 28 March 1851 Eltham, London x Toulouse 10 October 1814 Anne D'Arragon 1799 – 3 January 1853 Eltham, London
Julia Anne *1815 Lisbon x Cape Town 4 September 1833 Joseph Hendy Smith *13 March 1798 Ireland
Frederica Louisa *June 1817 Lisbon x Cape Town 27 July 1833 John Kynaston Luard *6 January 1803 Essex
Eveline Marie *16 April 1821 Nantes x Cape Town 25 October 1837 James Edward Alexander *16 October 1803
Anne *28 October 1829 Cape Town x 1853 Robert Courage (brewery family) – 9 children
Eliza *December 1794 Lisbon – died when a few months old
Emma Caroline *15 January 1802 Lisbon x Rev. John Page Wood (the eldest son of Matthew Wood (Lord Mayor of London 1815–16) the brother of Benjamin Wood). They had 13 children, the most notable being
Evelyn
Katherine
Michell was a cousin of Sir Rufane Donkin, sometime governor of the Cape of Good Hope.
References
The Life and Work of Charles Michell – Gordon Richings (Fernwood Press 2006)
Standard Encyclopaedia of Southern Africa Vol.7 (Nasou, Cape Town 1972)
Engineers from Exeter
Royal Artillery officers
British Army personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
English civil engineers
South African surveyors-general
South African road engineers
Architects from Exeter
19th-century English painters
English male painters
1793 births
1851 deaths
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
19th-century South African architects
19th-century South African painters
South African male painters
19th-century English male artists
Military personnel from Exeter
Ramón Vinay (August 31, 1911 – January 4, 1996) was a famous Chilean operatic tenor with a powerful, dramatic voice.  They are probably best remembered for their appearances in the title role of Giuseppe Verdi's tragic opera Otello.
Biography
They started their operatic career as a baritone in Mexico in 1938. They later switched to tenor, making a second debut in 1943 and forging a successful international career after World War II. Vinay eventually returned to the baritone fold in 1962 and retired from the stage in 1969.
Even as a tenor, however, their vocal timbre retained its dark, baritonal colouration.
They were the son of Jean Vinay Robert and Rosa Sepúlveda. Born in Chillán, Chile, Vinay earned particular renown throughout the operatic world for their interpretation of the role of Otello. For a time, they made the part their own. Perhaps their most significant appearance as Otello occurred in 1947, in a radio broadcast of the opera under the baton of Arturo Toscanini. Their colleagues on this occasion were Herva Nelli, Giuseppe Valdengo and Nan Merriman, together with the NBC Symphony Orchestra and Chorus. This performance was subsequently issued by RCA Victor on both LP and CD. In recent years, it has appeared on CDs issued by other companies, notably on the Guild label. Many critics consider it the best complete Otello ever recorded.
A fine actor, Vinay was also the first tenor to sing the role of Otello on television. That was in 1948, in the initial telecast of an entire opera from the Met. They also sang Otello at La Scala, in Salzburg and at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. In all, they performed it hundreds of times.  They are said to be one of the two opera singers to have sung both Otello and Iago (the baritone villain) in Verdi's tragic masterpiece during the course of a career (the other being Carlos Guichandut).
Vinay's overall tenor repertoire was comparatively ample. It also embraced heavy Wagnerian roles (he sang at the Bayreuth Festival in 1952–57), as well as Canio in Leoncavallo's Pagliacci, Don José in Bizet's Carmen and Samson in Saint-Saëns's Samson et Dalila. Apart from Iago, the baritone parts which they performed included Telramund, Bartolo, Falstaff and Scarpia. In 1971, they also briefly returned from retirement to perform as the Grand Inquisitor in Verdi's Don Carlo, a role originally written for the bass voice.
They were a National Patron of Delta Omicron, an international professional music fraternity.
They died in Mexico, aged 84.
Vinay was married to Oklahoma-born soprano Tessie Mobley.
Selected recordings
Bizet – Carmen (Stokowski/Heidt, Pease, M. Koshetz) – Eklipse
Leoncavallo – Pagliacci (Antonicelli/Quarteraro, Warren, Thompson) – Guild
Saint-Saëns – Samson et Dalila (Cellini/Stevens) – VAI
Verdi – Otello (Toscanini/Nelli, Valdengo) – RCA
Verdi – Otello (Busch/Albanese, Warren) – Preiser Arkadia
Verdi – Otello (Furtwängler/Martinis, Schöffler) – EMI
Verdi – Otello (Cleva 1950/1951/excerpts/Steber, Guarrera) – Preiser
Verdi – Otello (Beecham 1958/Stella, Taddei, Modesti) – Idis
Wagner – Lohengrin (Sawallisch/Thomas, Silja, Varnay, Crass) – Philips
Wagner – Parsifal (Krauss/Mödl, London, Weber, Uhde, Greindl) – Arlecchino
Wagner – Parsifal (Knappertsbusch/Mödl, Fischer-Dieskau, Greindl) – Myto
Wagner – Der Ring des Nibelungen (Keilberth/Mödl, Resnik, Hotter, Windgassen, Uhde, Weber) – Melodram
Wagner – Der Ring des Nibelungen (Krauss/Varnay, Hotter, Resnik, Greindl, Malaniuk) – Gala
Wagner – Tannhäuser (Keilberth/Brouwenstijn, Fischer-Dieskau, Greindl)- Melodram
Wagner – Tristan und Isolde (Jochum/Varnay, Neidlinger, Weber, Malaniuk) – Melodram
Wagner – Tristan und Isolde (Karajan/Mödl, Weber, Hotter, Malaniuk) – Myto
Recital live (Arias by Verdi, Leoncavallo, Saint-Saëns, Wagner, duets with Ljuba Welitsch) – Melodram
Four Famous Met-Tenors of the Past (Peerce, Björling, Tucker) – Preiser – LV
Met – 100 Singers – RCA
Audio examples
Richard Wagner, Walküre 2. Aufzug: "Weh! Weh! Suessestes Weib!"
Dirigent: Clemens Krauss; Festspielhaus Bayreuth, 1953
Richard Wagner, Lohengrin 2. Aufzug: "Erhebe dich, Genossin meiner Schmach!" (as Telramund)
Dirigent: Wolfgang Sawallisch; Festspielhaus Bayreuth, 1962
Richard Wagner, Lohengrin 2. Aufzug: "Du wilde Seherin" (as Telramund)
Dirigent: Wolfgang Sawallisch; Festspielhaus Bayreuth, 1962
References
External links
Ramon Vinay, 1911–1996
Discography (Capon's Lists of Opera Recordings)
To the list of the selected recordings, could be added the Die Walkure production of 1957, with the Orchester der Bayreuth Festspiele conducted by Hans Knappertsbusch. Ramon Vinay sings Siegmund with Birgit Nillson as Sieglinde. This latter became known as the "Legendary 1957 Bayreuth Production".
1911 births
1996 deaths
Heldentenors
Chilean opera singers
20th-century Chilean male singers
Chilean people of French descent
Operatic tenors
People from Chillán
20th-century male opera singers
20th-century Chilean male artists
I Had a Dream That You Were Mine is a collaborative studio album by Hamilton Leithauser, the former frontman of The Walkmen, and Rostam, the multi-instrumentalist and former producer of Vampire Weekend. It was released on September 23, 2016 on Glassnote Records, and preceded by the singles "1000 Times", "In a Black Out" and "When the Truth Is..."
After first meeting in 2008, while performing at the same show, the pair collaborated on two tracks for Leithauser's debut solo album, Black Hours (2014), before deciding to work together on a full-length. It was recorded between February 2014 and July 2016 at Rostam Batmanglij's home studio in Los Angeles, and released under both artists' names as a tribute to the collaborative albums between David Byrne and Brian Eno.
The album cover uses Bill Brandt's photograph titled "Portrait of a Young Girl, Eaton Place" from 1955.
Background
Leithauser and Batmanglij met in 2008, when Vampire Weekend supported The Walkmen at a show. Both originally hailing from Washington D.C., they would meet up while visiting their respective families during the holiday season: "Two years in a row at Thanksgiving and Christmas we would be up in Rostam's high school bedroom. The first time we were out there, I was just wailing away and singing so loud, and then you heard this voice from the bottom of the stairs, and it's Rostam's dad. He's yelling from downstairs, like, 'Rostam, are you OK?' It was like we were teenagers up there."
Prior to working together on I Had a Dream That You Were Mine, Leithauser and Batmanglij collaborated on the tracks, "Alexandra" and "I Retired", from Leithauser's debut solo album, Black Hours, released in 2014: "When we did those two songs that ended up on Black Hours, we both had this mutual feeling like there was some music that we'd always wanted to make and that when we were working together we were able to make that music." Before working on these songs, the duo had begun writing "1959", which would subsequently appear as the closing track on I Had a Dream That You Were Mine.
Recording
I Had a Dream That You Were Mine was recorded between July 2014 and February 2016, with Leithauser staying with Batmanglij in Los Angeles for the recording sessions: "We'd do these week stretches of working together where Hamilton would come stay with me in LA, and we'd go into the studio and have these marathon work sessions." Already a fan of Leithauser's work with The Walkmen, Batmanglij found the recording sessions to be smooth as a result of their familiarity: "I'm a little wary of getting in the studio with people whose music I don't know very well, because I feel it's my duty as the producer to be familiar with pretty much everything they've put out. I think we found a sound pretty quickly that we could expand on."
Batmanglij's production blended contemporary recording techniques with previously established musical genres: "There's a lot of synth and sub-bass, and we have drums that almost sound intentionally programmed in parts. And that shooby doo wop is something that Rostam added in — it's like taking old elements and making new sounds out of it." The album's drum tracks were recorded by White Rabbits' Stephen Patterson in a separate studio. The use of saxophone on "Rough Going (I Won't Let Up)" was inspired by a dream Batmanglij had ten years previously: "I feel like when I was in college I was listening to The Walkmen a lot and I actually have a memory of having a dream and in the dream I saw The Walkmen perform with saxes. [...] So putting sax on the song, with Hamilton singing, was something I wanted to do for 10 years."
Composition
The album features a variety of musical styles and vintage production influences, with Leithauser noting, "We both listen to tonnes of different stuff, but it seemed like we had this mutual interest in trying to capture a lot of sounds from the late 1950s and the early 1960s, like country music, doo-wop music, soul music and early rock n' roll music. It seemed like that was the sound pretty early, that that was becoming our sound." Many of the album's songs were written and recorded simultaneously while in the studio, with several first takes appearing on the finished recordings: "Right when we had the idea, we'd try it and record it right then. That's why the songs have unusual structures, because you'd put the things together right then, and for some reason that allowed us to not come up with the traditional verse-chorus-verse-chorus songs. It seemed to take an unusual turn." The track '1000 Times' is based on the folk song 500 Miles.
An early version of "In a Blackout" was written by Leithauser for The Walkmen's seventh and final studio album, Heaven (2012): "I could never get the part sounding good where I was playing. It sort of didn't make much sense in The Walkmen anyhow." Regarding the album's lyrical content, Leithauser noted that they often tried not to rewrite or overthink their words: "We tried to keep a lot of original takes and a lot of original moments, so it did feel like naturally it did have sort of a narrative, and it was almost like there was a character in it that went all the way through the record. [...] It did seem like there was a consistent voice that went through the whole thing, that's inspired by the music." Batmanglij likened their lyrical contributions to the album to that of an editor: "I would contribute lyrics, but I think a lot of what I brought was sort of focusing a narrative and trying to make sure that there was always a picture being painted."
Critical reception
I Had a Dream That You Were Mine received universal acclaim from music critics, receiving a score of 82 out of 100 on the review aggregator website Metacritic.
Accolades
Track listing
Personnel
Rostam Batmanglij - Art Direction, Backwards Vocals, Banjo, Bass (Electric), Bass Programming, Celeste, Composer, Drum Programming, Drums, Engineer, Guitar (Acoustic), Guitar (Electric), Handwriting, Harpsichord, Horn Arrangements, Inside Photo, Mixing, Organ, Organ (Hammond), Piano, Producer, Programming, Sampling, Slide Guitar, String Arrangements, Synthesizer, Synthesizer Strings, Toms, Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Zal Batmanglij - Back Cover Photo, Inside Photo
Hamilton Berry - Cello
Bill Brandt - Cover Packaging
Jonathan Chu - Violin
John Debold - Engineer
Angel Deradoorian - Featured Artist, Vocals
Kevin Farzad - Drums
Justin Gerrish - Engineer
Michael Harris - Engineer
Greg Leisz - Pedal Steel
Georgiana Leithauser - Inside Photo
Hamilton Leithauser - Art Direction, Bass (Electric), Composer, Engineer, Guitar (Acoustic), Guitar (Electric), Guitar (Nylon String), Guitar (Steel), Horn Arrangements, Inside Photo, Primary Artist, Slide Guitar, Toms, Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Joe Santa Maria - Saxophone
Wes Miles - Vocals (Background)
Steve Patterson - Drums
Nick Rowe - Engineer
Anna Stumpf - Inside Photo
Max Wang - Inside Photo
Charts
References
Glassnote Records albums
2016 albums
Hamilton Leithauser albums
Rostam Batmanglij albums
Collaborative albums
Albums produced by Rostam Batmanglij
Albums recorded at Electro-Vox Recording Studios
Raven Songs 101 is a spoken-word album by Kevin Max and Adrian Belew. It features Max reading several poems from their book The Detritus of Dorian Gray. Belew provides the music and sound effects.
Raven Songs was re-released as a digital download on April 7, 2009 by Max's current label, dPulse Recordings.
Track listing
"One" – 2:34
"Raven Song 101" – 1:45
"Whalers Tales" – 1:58
"Black Leather and a Microphone" – 3:25
"And You Tremble at Their Feet" – 1:18
"Swing" – 1:59
"River" – 5:07
"When the Dawn Comes" – 1:13
"Raising Cain" – 3:37
"Untitled" – 2:26
"Time the Fever to a Boil" – 4:04
References
External links
Kevin Max albums
Adrian Belew albums
2004 albums
Albums produced by Adrian Belew
Spoken word albums by American artists
Mobarakeh (, also Romanized as Mobārakeh) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,268, in 310 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The cruiser Bayan (Russian: Баян) was the name ship of the four armoured cruisers built for the Imperial Russian Navy in the first decade of the 20th century. The ship had to be built in France because there was no available capacity in Russia. Bayan was assigned to the First Pacific Squadron after completion and based at Port Arthur from the end of 1903. They suffered minor damage during the Battle of Port Arthur at the beginning of the Russo-Japanese War of 1904–05 and supported destroyers as they patrolled outside the harbour. After bombarding Japanese positions in July 1904, the ship struck a mine and was out of action for the next several months. Bayan was sunk during the Siege of Port Arthur and was then salvaged by the Japanese after the war.
Renamed Aso by the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) they served as a training ship after extensive repairs. The ship was converted into a minelayer in 1917 and was decommissioned in 1930 to serve as a target ship. They were eventually sunk as a target in 1932.
Design and description
Unlike previous Russian armoured cruisers, the Bayan-class ships were designed as scouts for the fleet. They were long overall and between perpendiculars. They had a maximum beam of , a draft of and displaced . The ships had a crew of 573 officers and men.
The Bayan class had two vertical triple-expansion steam engines, each driving a single propeller shaft using steam provided by 26 Belleville boilers. Designed for a total of intended to propel the cruisers at , the engines actually developed during Bayans sea trials in October 1902 and drove the ship to a maximum speed of . They could carry a maximum of of coal, which gave them a range of at .
Bayans main armament consisted of two 45-calibre guns in single turrets fore and aft of the superstructure. Them eight guns were mounted in casemates on the sides of the ship's hull. Anti-torpedo boat defence was provided by twenty 50-calibre guns; eight of these were mounted in casemates on the side of the hull and in the superstructure. The remaining guns were located above the six-inch gun casemates in pivot mounts with gun shields. Bayan also mounted eight and two Hotchkiss guns. The ship had two submerged torpedo tubes, one on each broadside.
The ship used Harvey armour throughout. Them waterline belt was thick over their machinery spaces. Fore and aft, it reduced to . The upper armour strake and the armour protecting the casemates was thick. The thickness of the armoured deck was ; over the central battery it was a single plate, but elsewhere it consisted of a plate over two plates. The gun turret sides were protected by of armour and their roofs were 1.2 inches thick. The barbettes were protected by armour plates thick. The sides of the conning tower were thick.
Construction and career
Bayan, named after the bard Boyan, had to be ordered in May 1898 from the French shipyard Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée in La Seyne-sur-Mer because there was no capacity available in Russian shipyards. The ship was laid down in February 1899 and launched on 12 June 1900. Bayan was completed in February 1903 and, under the command of Captain 1st Rank Robert Wiren, made port visits in Greece, Italy and North Africa before sailing for Kronstadt. Arriving in April 1903, they were only there for several months before departing for Port Arthur on 7 August. Together with the French-built battleship , Bayan arrived on 2 December and they were both assigned to the First Pacific Squadron.
On the night of 8/9 February 1904, the IJN launched a surprise attack on the Russian fleet at Port Arthur. Bayan was not hit by the initial torpedo-boat incursion and sortied the following morning when the Combined Fleet, commanded by Vice Admiral Tōgō Heihachirō, attacked. Tōgō had expected the surprise night attack by their ships to be much more successful than it was, anticipating that the Russians would be badly disorganized and weakened, but they had recovered from their surprise and were ready for their assault. The Japanese vessels had been spotted by the protected cruiser , which was patrolling offshore, and alerted the Russian defences. Tōgō chose to attack the Russian coastal defences with their main armament and engage the ships with their secondary guns. Splitting their fire proved to be a poor decision as the Japanese and six-inch guns inflicted inconsequential damage on the Russian ships, which concentrated all their fire on their opponents with some effect. Bayan suffered superficial damage from nine hits and numerous splinters; 6 crewmen were killed and 35 injured. The ship fired 28 eight-inch, 100 six-inch and 160 seventy-five-millimetre shells during the battle.
The damage to Bayan was repaired in several days and subsequently the cruiser patrolled off Port Arthur. Together with the protected cruiser , the ship sortied on 11 March 1904 to support the destroyer . Under attack by Japanese destroyers, the ship was sunk before help arrived. Early on the morning of 13 April, the Russian destroyer Strashnii fell in with four Japanese destroyers in the darkness while on patrol. Once their captain realized their mistake, the Russian ship attempted to escape but failed after a Japanese shell struck one of their torpedoes and caused it to detonate. By this time Bayan had sortied to provide support, but was only able to rescue five survivors before a Japanese squadron of protected cruisers attacked. Vice Admiral Stepan Makarov led a force of two battleships and three cruisers out to support Bayan and also ordered the rest of the First Pacific Squadron to follow as soon as they could. In the meantime, the Japanese had reported the Russian sortie to Tōgō and they arrived with all six Japanese battleships. Heavily outnumbered, Makarov ordered their ships to retreat and to join the rest of the squadron that was just exiting the harbour. En route, however, their flagship, , struck a mine and sank almost instantly.
Bayan sailed with the rest of the Pacific Squadron on 23 June in an abortive attempt to reach Vladivostok. The new squadron commander, Rear Admiral Wilgelm Vitgeft, ordered the squadron to return to Port Arthur when it encountered the Japanese fleet shortly before sunset, as they did not wish to engage their numerically superior opponents in a night battle. After bombarding Imperial Japanese Army positions on 27 July, the ship struck a mine and was under repair until September. After the death of Vitgeft during the Battle of the Yellow Sea on 10 August, Wiren was promoted to rear admiral and became the commander of the First Pacific Squadron. Bayan was subsequently trapped in Port Arthur and sunk at their mooring by five howitzer shells on 9 December.
Japanese service
After the war, Bayans wreck was refloated on 24 June and towed to Dairen. There they were given temporary repairs and commissioned as Aso (named after a volcano in Kumamoto Prefecture) on 22 August. The next day they were towed to Maizuru, Japan for permanent repairs that lasted until July 1908. During this time, their boilers were replaced by Miyabara water-tube boilers and the majority of their armament was replaced with Japanese weapons. Aso was armed with two original 8-inch 45 caliber guns, Eight 6-inch 45 caliber Armstrong GG guns and sixteen 3-inch 40 caliber Armstrong N guns.
On 7 September 1908, Aso, together with the ex-Russian protected cruiser , was assigned to the Training Squadron. On 14 March 1909 they began a training cruise that took their naval cadets to the West Coast of the United States and Canada and Hawaii before they returned to Yokosuka on 7 August. The next year the two ships made a cruise to Australia and Southeast Asia that last from 1 February to 3 July 1910. They were briefly relieved of their assignment to the Training Squadron on 25 September before rejoining it on 1 April 1911. The next training cruise lasted from 25 November 1911 to 28 March 1912 and took the cadets to the same destinations as the 1910 cruise. On 20 April 1912, Aso was transferred away from the Training Squadron and they were refitted in March 1913. During this refit, their eight-inch guns were replaced by a pair of six-inch guns 50 caliber guns and their torpedo tubes were removed. Aso and Soya were reassigned to the Training Squadron on 1 December 1914 and they made their last training cruise from 20 April to 23 August 1915, during which they visited Rabaul, New Guinea, and Fremantle, Australia.
In 1917, Aso was converted into a minelayer, with a capacity of 420 mines, although they were not formally reclassified as such until 1 April 1920. Aso was stricken from the navy list on 1 April 1930 and renamed Hai Kan No. 4. They were sunk on 4 August 1932 by two submarine torpedoes after serving as a target for the heavy cruisers and .
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Image gallery of Bayan-class cruisers
Bayan-class cruisers
Ships built in France
1900 ships
Russo-Japanese War cruisers of Russia
Shipwrecks of the Russo-Japanese War
Shipwrecks of China
Captured ships
Cruisers of the Imperial Japanese Navy
World War I cruisers of Japan
Ships sunk as targets
Minelayers of the Imperial Japanese Navy
Maritime incidents in 1932
Naval ships captured by Japan during the Russo-Japanese War
Ships sunk by coastal artillery
This is a timeline of incidents in 2004 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
List guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident, including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
January
Total incidents:
February
Total incidents:
March
Total incidents:
April
Total incidents:
May
Total incidents:
June
Total incidents:
July
Total incidents:
August
Total incidents:
September
Total incidents:
October
Total incidents:
November
Total incidents:
December
Total incidents:
See also
List of non-state terrorist incidents
ETA attacks in 2004
List of Qassam rocket attacks
List of Palestinian suicide attacks
List of Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel, 2001–2006
References
2004
2004
2004
Terr
In geometry, the 25 great circles of the spherical octahedron is an arrangement of 25 great circles in octahedral symmetry. It was first identified by Buckminster Fuller and is used in construction of geodesic domes.
Construction
The 25 great circles can be seen in 3 sets: 12, 9, and 4, each representing edges of a polyhedron projected onto a sphere. Nine great circles represent the edges of a disdyakis dodecahedron, the dual of a truncated cuboctahedron. Four more great circles represent the edges of a cuboctahedron, and the last twelve great circles connect edge-centers of the octahedron to centers of other triangles.
See also
31 great circles of the spherical icosahedron
References
Edward Popko, Divided Spheres: Geodesics and the Orderly Subdivision of the Sphere, 2012, pp 21–22.
Vector Equilibrium and its Transformation Pathways
Geodesic domes
Polyhedra
Circles
The Federal Correctional Institution, Schuylkill (FCI Schuylkill) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Pennsylvania. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility has an adjacent minimum-security satellite prison camp which also houses male offenders.
FCI Schuylkill is located in north-central Schuylkill County, 46 miles north the state capital of Harrisburg, and 175 miles north of Washington, D.C.
History
On April 22, 1987, the Federal Bureau of Prisons announced that a $40 million medium-security federal prison housing 500 to 600 inmates would be built in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania. The project was expected to create 250 new prison jobs and an estimated 144 non-prison jobs. Various politicians, including US Senators Arlen Specter and John Heinz, and economic development groups such as the Schuylkill Economic Development Corporation, had lobbied vigorously for the project for three years.
Notable Inmates
Current
Former
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Buildings and structures in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
Prisons in Pennsylvania
Schuylkill
1980s establishments in Pennsylvania
Indoor Living is the sixth studio album by American indie rock band Superchunk, released by Merge Records in 1997. It was recorded at Echo Park Studios in Bloomington, Indiana, and mixed at Overdub Lane, Durham, North Carolina. It was engineered by John Plymale and produced by Plymale and Superchunk.
A video was released for "Watery Hands" featuring comedians David Cross and Janeane Garofalo.
Track listing
"Unbelievable Things" – 5:21
"Burn Last Sunday" – 4:52
"Marquee" – 4:01
"Watery Hands" – 4:31
"Nu Bruises" – 2:41
"Every Single Instinct" – 4:07
"Song for Marion Brown" – 4:10
"The Popular Music" – 4:04
"Under Our Feet" – 3:37
"European Medicine" – 5:11
"Martinis on the Roof" – 5:57
References
1997 albums
Superchunk albums
Merge Records albums
Joseph Burns (March 11, 1800 – May 12, 1875) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Waynesboro, Virginia, Burns moved to Ohio with their parents in 1815. Where they initially settled in New Philadelphia in 1815. Later moving to Coshocton, Coshocton County, in 1816.
They attended the urban schools.
They were engaged in industrial pursuits.
They were the Auditor of Coshocton County from 1821 to 1838.
They served as member of the State House of Representatives 1838–1840.
County clerk 1843–1851.
They served as a major general in the State militia.
They were a Presidential elector in 1848 for Cass/Butler.
Burns was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1857 – March 3, 1859).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1858 to the Thirty-sixth Congress.
They were engaged in the drug business in Coshocton, Ohio.
Probate judge of Coshocton County.
They died in Coshocton, Ohio, on May 12, 1875.
They were interred in Oak Ridge Cemetery.
References
Sources
1800 births
1876 deaths
People from Coshocton, Ohio
People from Waynesboro, Virginia
1848 United States presidential electors
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
American militia generals
19th-century American politicians
William Henry Enochs (March 29, 1842 – July 13, 1893) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Biography
Born near Middleburg, Ohio, Enochs attended the common schools and Ohio University at Athens. When the American Civil War began they enlisted as a Private in Company B, 2nd Ohio Infantry, April 17, 1861.
Later they served as colonel of the 1st West Virginia Infantry and was brevetted brigadier general of Volunteers March 13, 1865.
After the war ended Enochs studied at the Cincinnati Law School, graduating in 1866. They were admitted to the bar and practiced law in Ironton, Ohio. They also became a member of the State house of representatives in 1870 and 1871.
Enochs was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-second and Fifty-third Congresses and served from March 4, 1891, until their death in Ironton, Ohio, July 13, 1893.
They were interred in Arlington National Cemetery.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1790–1899)
Sources
External links
1842 births
1893 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Noble County, Ohio
Ohio University alumni
Union Army colonels
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio lawyers
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
19th-century American politicians
People from Ironton, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Front Porch Step is the solo acoustic project of Jake McElfresh of Newark, Ohio.
History
Front Porch Step began in 2012. In 2013, Front Porch Step signed to Pure Noise Records and released their debut album Aware. In 2013, they supported Never Shout on four of their tour dates. In the summer of 2014, Front Porch Step played on the Vans Warped Tour. In the fall of 2014, Front Porch Step played on the Pure Noise Records Tour with State Champs, Handguns, Forever Came Calling, Brigades and Heart to Heart. In February and March 2015, Front Porch Step planned to go on their first headlining tour, with support from Have Mercy, Alcoa, Hotel Books, and Head North. Due to sexual harassment allegations, Mcelfresh has suspended their tour until further notice. Front Porch Step was going to partake in the 2015 Vans Warped Tour, which is held annually throughout the summer, but was removed from the tour due to the allegations brought up against him.
On June 2, 2016, after a year-long hiatus due to sexual harassment allegations, Mcelfresh returned with the release of a song called 'Help Me Hurt' to Spotify.
Allegations of sexual misconduct
McElfresh has been accused by several young people of sexual harassment through mobile phones, including sending nude pictures of themselves to underaged girls. This led to a petition demanding they be removed from the 2015 Warped Tour. Their record label, Pure Noise Records, and Kevin Lyman, creator of the Warped Tour, announced they were aware of the allegations.
On 4 January 2015 McElfresh announced via their Facebook page that they had suspended all current tour dates, including Warped Tour, due to the allegations.
On 3 April 2015, McElfresh issued a public statement via Facebook. In it, they explained that when growing up, they had self-esteem issues and "certainly was not a ladies man," and when they finally got their breakthrough with music, they were surprised at how much attention from female fans they received. They admitted that they had corresponded through text messages with women, some of whom were underaged, but claimed that the conversations were "not as one sided as they seem," pointing out that no charges had been brought against him. They also stated that even though some of the conversations were sexual in nature, "(he) only had conversations with willing participants". McElfresh then admitted that [he] "wondered if (he) wanted to be alive anymore" in the few months after the allegations were brought up, and took a break from social media after being dropped by their label and removed from all tours, considering it the "greatest thing (he) could have ever done". They also stated that they intend to return to music in the summer.
On 1 July 2015, McElfresh performed their first show since the allegations were brought, at the Acoustic Basement at the Nashville, Tennessee stop of Warped Tour. Warped Tour founder Kevin Lyman stated that they had spoken with McElfresh's personal counselor, who said that the performance would be a part of their therapy, they would not be paid for the show, and they would not appear at any other stops of the tour. Lyman stated that they allowed McElfresh to perform the show because they have not been charged with a misdemeanor, stating that "If they were a legitimate danger to anyone, they simply wouldn't be here." Many bands tweeted their opinions of the situation, practically all in distaste. McElfresh also dealt with a concertgoer in the crowd who publicly criticized him, saying "The difference between you and me is that I know who I am, and I am very proud of that. So you can go ahead, watch my set. Thank you very much. Thanks for the ticket money, dude."
The controversy was the subject of a song by Stray from the Path entitled "D.I.E.P.I.G.", which attacks musicians who use their fame to abuse young girls.
On June 2, 2016 McElfresh released their first single in over a year, "Help Me Hurt", a Christian song vaguely addressing the allegations and asking God for forgiveness.
Discography
Studio albums
EPs
Singles
References
External links
Musicians from Ohio
1991 births
Living people
Pure Noise Records artists
Emo revival groups
{{Infobox film
| name = Immigrants
| native_name =
| image = Immigrants_Poster.jpg
| caption =
| director = Gabor Csupo
| producer = Arlene KlaskyGabor CsupoGabor KalomistaTamas Rakosi
| writer = Billiam CoronelJosh Lieb
| starring = Hank AzariaEric McCormack
| music = Drew NeumannGregory HindeGabor Csupo
| cinematography =
| editing = Mano CsillagPeter Tomaszewicz
| studio = Klasky CsupoAnivision KoreaSunwoo Digital International
| distributor = Hungaricom20th Century Fox Warner Bros '(Hungary)Grand Allure Entertainment (international)Echo Bridge Home Entertainment (US DVD release)| released =
| runtime = 77 minutes
| country = United StatesHungary
| language = EnglishHungarian
| budget =
}}Immigrants (Hungarian title: Immigrants - Jóska menni Amerika) is a 2008 adult animated comedy film directed by Gábor Csupó. It is also known as L.A. Dolce Vita or Immigrants: L.A. Dolce Vita. It is the fifth feature-length film from the studio Klasky Csupo, and the first and only feature-length animated movie that was directed by Csupo.
The characters and story line in this film were the basis for a new animated series for Spike TV, which was scheduled to debut in August 2004. However, despite scheduling a two-hour marathon for the series premiere and ordering an additional six episodes, the series never aired due to the decline of animation programming on Spike TV. It was later compiled into a film and released on October 30, 2008, in Hungary. The film was also going to be released by Paramount Pictures, but they declined the offer after Viacom's contract with Klasky Csupo expired in 2007.
In America, the film was released on Region 1 DVD in 2009 by Echo Bridge Home Entertainment.
Plot
Joska, a Hungarian immigrant in Los Angeles, shares an apartment with Vladislav, a Russian immigrant. In their quest for the "American Dream," they encounter all kinds of troubles, wild adventures, and comical situations. The pair is routinely saved by their big hearts and loyalty to each other in this unlikely tale of friendship in a foreign country.
Characters
Vladislav is a Russian immigrant who has a teenage daughter, Anya. They desperately seek to land a job to support their daughter and Jóska.
Jóska is a Hungarian immigrant and is a roommate of Vladislav. Unlike their friend, they are somewhat familiar with US culture.
Anya is Vladislav's daughter who tries to fit in as a normal teenager such as getting a tattoo.
Flaco is Vladislav and Jóska's Hispanic friend who lives with their wife.
Nazam is the Pakistani immigrant father of four daughters and their only son who works as a celebrity bus driver for tourists.
Rashid is a Pakistani teenager who lives with their father Nazam, they are also a brother to four sisters and friend of Anya and Min.
Chea is Min's father who owns a Chinese restaurant where everything costs one-dollar.
Min is Chea's Chinese daughter, and Anya's friend, who works in their father's restaurant.
Splits is a black African neighbor of Jóska and Vladislav. They routinely inform anyone who will listen that they had sex with a thousand women.
Greta Night is the old landlady of the foreign occupants.  They are attracted to Vladislav and occasionally offers to marry them to extend their stay in America (while also offering to "jumpstart their sex life"). They also threaten to call immigration whenever their residents do anything of which they disapprove.
Voice cast
Hungarian Original Version
Cast
Ferenc Hujber as Joska Győző Szabó as Vlad Szonja Oroszlán as Anya Titanilla Bogdányi as Min Chea Gábor Reviczky as Splits Jackson Imre Józsa as Mr. Chea Zolee Ganxsta as Flaco József Kerekes as Nazam Kazmi Levente Molnár as Rashid Kazmi Judit Hernádi as Greta KnightSupporting Cast
Sándor Fábry as Businessman
Zsóka Kapocs as Christina Aguilera
Ferenc Rákóczi as Hentes (Butcher)
Aranka Halász as Madame Loo István Szellő as TV Reporter
András Both as Doorman István Kovács as Doorman Trainer
Péter Kálloy-Molnár as Glutco Manager Jozsef Lang as Sam Iván Kamarás as Bar Owner''
English Dubbed Version
Cast
Hank Azaria as Joska
Eric McCormack as Vlad
Milana Vayntrub as Anya
Lauren Tom as Min Chea
Carl Lumbly as Splits Jackson
Freddy Rodriguez as Flaco
Ahmed Ahmed as Nazam Kazmi
Vik Sahay as Rashid Kazmi
Patti Deutsch as Greta Knight
Supporting Cast
Quinton Flynn as TV Reporter, Hermaphrodite, Glutco Manager, Businessman
Karen Maruyama as Madame Loo
Laraine Newman as Lady #2, Nurse
Christina Pickles as Harriet
Freddy Rodriguez as Crutches Guy
Tom Kenny as Craig, Courier
Dan Castellaneta as Bar Owner
Ed O'Ross as Officer Kaufman
Natalija Nogulich as Angry Tenant
Takayo Fischer as Japanese Woman
Ahmed Ahmed as Monk
Jack Angel as Longshoreman
Scott Menville as Diseased Guy, Frat Boy
Vik Sahay as Band Leader, Cheesy Guy
Will Shin as Gangbanger
Erv Immerman as Mr. Witte
Lynne Maclean as Mrs. Richie
Mick Murray as Charlie
Dave Walsh as Mouqard
Stacey Ferguson as Christina Aguilera, Skinny Woman
Bret Csupo as Woman 1-2
Jen Alexander as Gloureus Woman
Nick Dickinson as Tattoo Guy
Jeremy Ratchford as Tattoo Artist
Marc Jordan as Detective
Tema Bonita as Exotic Lady
Mark DeCarlo as Butcher
James Harmon as Mr. Lowham
Diane Michelle as Ms. Lowham, Binkie Lady
Jeff Bennett as Health Inspector
Michael J. Gough as Counter Clerk
Andre Ware as Customer, Bus Rider #2
Rodney Saulsberry as Paramedic
Lauren Tom as Lady #1
Marabina Jaimes as Lady #3
Jim Ward as Doctor, Bus Rider #3
Hope Levy as Bus Rider #1
Courtenay Taylor as Sexy Nurse
Candi Milo as Waitress, Teen Girl #1
Gregg Berger as Sam
Rino Romano as Yoga Teacher
Kimberly Brooks as Teen Girl #2
Kevin Michael Richardson as Doorman
Mikey Kelley as DJ
Dee Bradley Baker as Steve The Pig
Dorie Burton as Ms. Binkie, Redless Club
Vaikette Hoffman as Blind Club
Tasia Valenza as Coffee Cashier
Cristina Pucelli as Valley Girl
Rene Auberjonois as Doorman Trainer
Hank Azaria as Sylvester
Frank Welker as Indian General
Lambardo Boyar as Dishwasher, Alto
Jesse Corti as Bass
References
External links
Official site
2008 films
2008 animated films
2000s American animated films
American adult animated films
American animated comedy films
2000s English-language films
Films directed by Gábor Csupó
Hungarian animated films
2000s Hungarian-language films
Klasky Csupo animated films
The 2011 season was Gyeongnam FC's sixth season in the K-League in South Korea. Chunnam Dragons competed in K-League, League Cup and Korean FA Cup.
Current squad
Match results
K-League
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Korean FA Cup
League Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of match played 30 October 2011
Top scorers
Top assistors
Discipline
Transfer
In
1 July 2011 – Jordán – Monagas Sport Club
21 July 2011 – Jung Dae-Sun – Ulsan Hyundai FC
26 July 2011 – Roni – São Paulo FC
28 July 2011 – Jeon Won-Keun – Daegu FC
28 July 2011 – Kang Seung-Jo – Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
21 September 2011 – Cho Jae-Yong – Sangju Sangmu Phoenix
Out
3 July 2011 – Kim Young-Woo – Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
6 July 2011 – Yoo Ji-Hoon – Busan I'Park
7 July 2011 – Ahn Hyun-Sik – Released (under indictment)
7 July 2011 – Park Chang-Heon – Released (under indictment)
14 July 2011 – Mauricio Mendoza – Released
21 July 2011 – Lúcio – Ulsan Hyundai FC
28 July 2011 – Kim You-Sung – Daegu FC
References
Gyeongnam FC
Gyeongnam FC seasons
G. R. Smith (born June 2, 1981) is an American professional stock car racing driver. They have raced in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series and the ARCA Re/Max Series.
Racing career
They began their career racing on dirt tracks in their home state of New Jersey, winning the track championship at Bridgeport Speedway in 2001 and the track championship at New Egypt Speedway in 2002. They also raced super late models starting in 2006 after graduating from college.
Smith raced part-time in the ARCA Re/Max Series for three years from 2004 through 2006. They made their debut at Lake Erie Speedway in the No. 06 for Bobby Gerhart Racing, using Wayne Peterson's owner points. Three races later, they returned for BGR to race at Toledo in the No. 94. In both of those starts, Smith ran in the top-10 during a portion of the race. In 2005, Smith began the season driving for Bob Schacht Motorsports in their No. 75 Ford at ARCA's Daytona testing, with anticipation that the team would be able to run full-time. They would only end up running the first two races for that team before running the next three for Keith Murt's No. 19 team. After not making any more ARCA starts for the rest of the 2005 season, Smith returned for the Daytona season-opener again the following year, returning to Bobby Gerhart's team in their No. 7 car. This ended up being their last ARCA start.
In 2010, they would go on to made two Truck Series attempts (at Nashville and Kansas) for MAKE Motorsports in their No. 50 Dodge. They were the new team's first driver. When it was first announced that they would join the team, team owners Mark Beaver and Tracy Lowe indicated they hoped they could run the full season in 2011. However, this did not happen, and T. J. Bell became MAKE's driver instead of Smith in the middle of the 2010 season and then in 2011 as well.
They have not made many NASCAR or ARCA starts since then, but was still racing as of 2015, often competing in late model events in the World of Outlaws Late Model Series.
Personal life
 They are from Folsom, New Jersey, and attended West Virginia University where they earned a degree in sports business (communications and athletic coaching). After graduating in 2006, Smith moved to Cornelius, North Carolina (near where most NASCAR teams are located) to go racing. They also own a business called Victory Circle Auto Sales, and shut down their late model team in 2010 to focus on growing their business.
Smith also played ice hockey in college and could have had an NHL career, but was in a better position to have a career in racing, so they stuck with that afterwards.
G. R. is Smith's nickname, and it stands for "Great Racer".
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Camping World Truck Series
ARCA Re/Max Series
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
References
External links
1981 births
NASCAR drivers
ARCA Menards Series drivers
Living people
People from Folsom, New Jersey
Racing drivers from New Jersey
Sportspeople from Atlantic County, New Jersey
Fedor Georgievich Alekseev (, ) is a Russian and Armenian linguist and journalist of Belarusian origin.
 They are the editor-in-chief of Minority Languages, a Russian academic journal dedicated to endangered languages of Russia, and Kamysh, a local online magazine based in the city of Astrakhan in Southern Russia.
Selected works
2010. Tok Pisin. Great books will be written one day (in Russian).
2015. Loan word adaptation in Gilbertese.
2016. Field researches on the Seto language (in Russian).
2017. Bulgar Tatars of Astrakhan and their language (in Russian).
Notes
Living people
Linguists from Russia
Russian journalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Aino-Kaisa Ilona Pekonen (born 24 January 1979 in Riihimäki) is a Finnish politician of the Left Alliance. Pekonen is Finland's incumbent Minister of Social Affairs and Health. They have been a member of the Parliament of Finland since the 2011 election, and represents the Left Alliance in the municipal council of Riihimäki.
Pekonen originally served as a practical nurse. They have represented the constituency of Tavastia in the parliament since April 2011. They have previously served both as the chair of the Left Alliance Parliament Group and as a member of the Parliament's Social Affairs and Health Committee. They have also previously been the first deputy chair of the Left Alliance.
In January 2016, Pekonen announced their candidacy for the leadership of the Left Alliance. They withdrew from the race on 6 June 2016, after losing the advisory membership vote of the party to Li Andersson.
Pekonen's brother is the actor Aku Hirviniemi. Both of the siblings' parents are politicians of the Left Alliance.
References
External links
Information on Aino-Kaisa Pekonen on the website of the Finnish Parliament
1979 births
Living people
People from Riihimäki
Left Alliance (Finland) politicians
Ministers of Social Affairs of Finland
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2011–15)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2015–19)
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2019–23)
21st-century Finnish women politicians
Women government ministers of Finland
WJSG (104.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Hamlet, North Carolina, United States. The station is owned by Jackson Broadcasting Company.
History
The station went on the air as WSJG on May 3, 1991. On July 31, 1991, the station changed its call sign to the current WJSG.
The original format was Christian country music.
References
External links
JSG
Casarabe is a village in the Beni Department of northern Bolivia.
References
Populated places in Beni Department
Rafael Amen-Zadeh - physical and mathematical sciences, professor, the "Honored Teacher" of Azerbaijan (2009).
Their life
Rafael Amen-Zadeh, the son of Joseph, was born in Baku on December 31, 1943. In 1950-1960 they studied at the secondary school number of 49 in Baku. In 1960-1966, they studied at the Mechanics and Mathematics Faculty of Mechanical of BSU. To the development of education and science of the Presidential Decree of 30 October 2009, the "Honored Teacher" was named.  They are married and has three children.
Education, Academic degrees and scientific titles
1960-1966, student of Mechanics and Mathematics Faculty of Baku State University.
1966-1969, MVLomonosov Moscow State University, "the theory of plasticity" department Acad.Under the head of YN Rabotnov, they were graduate student.
1970, "Solving the problems of sass of the thin stickness construction elements by the method of variation."
1980,"Spread of waves on the cover filled with liquid"
Labor activity
1982 - h / h, head of the Department, The department of theoretical mechanics and continuum mechanics, Mechanics and Mathematics Faculty, BSU.
1972-1982, senior lecturer, Theory of functions and functional analysis department, Mechanics and Mathematics Faculty, BSU
1969-1972, assistant, Department of Theoretical Mechanics, Mechanics and Mathematics Faculty, BSU.
Their lessons: Continuum mechanics, mechanics of multiphase systems.
 They are the author of two books and 150 scientific articles.
Research area
Deformable solids mechanics, hydromechanics.
Participation on international seminars, symposiums and conferences
1999 in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia: "The theory of shells and plates" XIX International conference.
2002 in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia: "The theory of shells and plates" XX International conference.
2006 Riga, Latvia: "Mechanics of composite materials" XIV International Conference.
2008, Riga, Latvia: "Mechanics of composite materials" XV International conference.
2008, Kazan, Russia: "The modern problems of nonlinear mechanics of coatings" International scientific seminar.
2008, Moscow, Russia: "The strength of non-structural materials," IV Eurasian scientific and practical conference.
1995 Riga, Latvia: "Mechanics of composite materials" IX international conference.
Their books
Mechanics Laboratory Practice (manual) .- 1973
The whole atmosphere of the basic concepts of mechanics and equations-1987
References
Rafael Əmənzadə
http://mechmath.bsu.edu.az/az/content/rafael_mnzad_368
http://www.imm.az/exp/dissertasiya-surasinin-t%C9%99rkibi/
1943 births
Living people
Baku State University alumni
Moscow State University alumni
Soviet physicists
Azerbaijani physicists
Scientists from Baku
Ramsen is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Palatinate Forest
Donnersbergkreis
Miiesha is an Australian singer-songwriter from the Aboriginal community of Woorabinda, Queensland. They were the recipient of New Talent of the Year at the 2020 National Indigenous Music Awards and won the ARIA Award for Best Soul/R&B Release at the 2020 ARIA Music Awards.
Early life and education
Miiesha is an Aṉangu/Torres Strait Islander woman, and has been singing for their community since the age of 8 and has since been developing their songwriting as a teenager. Miiesha is inspired by the sounds of RnB, gospel and soul, and the power of spoken word poetry.
Career
2019–2020: Nyaaringu
Miiesha made their debut single "Black Privilege" in June 2019. In May 2020, Miiesha released their debut album titled, Nyaaringu; a project of 9 songs tied together through the common themes of their life, their community and their people. Them late Grandmother's interludes provide a thread between the tracks, highlighting the passing down of knowledge from Elders through the generations. the album peaked at number 28 on the ARIA Charts and won the ARIA Award for Best Soul/R&B Release at the 2020 ARIA Music Awards.
2021-present: Smoke & Mirrors
On 14 May 2021, Miiesha released "Damaged", which Miiesha said is their "most personal song yet". It won Song of the Year at the National Indigenous Music Awards 2021.
On 16 July 2021, Miiesha released "Made for Silence".
In September 2021, Miiesha announced a double-EP project titled Smoke & Mirrors, with the first part scheduled for release in November 2021. In a press release, the EPs explore "broken family dynamics, searching for love and healing from two perspectives", with the first centred around "survival" and the second on "looking back and understanding". The single "Still Dream" was released on 4 March 2022 from the forthcoming EP Mirrors. On 3 June 2022, Smoke & Mirrors was released on CD and LP, combining both EPs.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Awards and nominations
APRA Awards
The APRA Awards are several award ceremonies run in Australia by the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA) to recognise composing and song writing skills, sales and airplay performance by its members annually.
!
|-
! scope="row" rowspan="2"| 2021
| Miiesha Young Miiesha
| Breakthrough Songwriter of the Year
| rowspan="2"
| rowspan="2"|
|-
| "Twisting Words"
| Most Performed R&B / Soul Work
|-
! scope="row" rowspan="1"| 2021
| "Made for Silence"
| Most Performed R&B / Soul Work
|
| rowspan="1"|
|-
|}
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. As of 2020, Miiesha has received 5 nominations and Best Soul/R&B Release.
!
|-
! scope="row" rowspan="5"| 2020
| rowspan="3"| Nyaaringu
| Best Female Artist
|
| rowspan="5"|
|-
| Best Soul/R&B Release
|
|-
| Breakthrough Artist
| rowspan="4"
|-
| rowspan="2"| IAMMXO ( Mohamed Komba) for Nyaaringu
| Producer of the Year
|-
| Engineer of the Year
|}
Australian Music Prize
The Australian Music Prize (the AMP) is an annual award of $30,000 given to an Australian band or solo artist in recognition of the merit of an album released during the year of award. They commenced in 2005.
!
|-
! 2020
| Nyaaringu
| Album of the Year
|
|
|}
J Awards
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's youth-focused radio station Triple J. They commenced in 2005.
!
|-
! scope="row"| 2020
| Nyaaringu
| Australian Album of the Year
|
|
|}
National Indigenous Music Awards
The National Indigenous Music Awards recognise excellence, innovation and leadership among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander musicians from throughout Australia. They commenced in 2004.
!
|-
! scope="row" rowspan="3"| 2020
| Herself
| New Talent of the Year
|
| rowspan="3"|
|-
| Nyaaringu
| Album of the Year
| rowspan="2"
|-
| "Drowning"
| Film Clip of the Year
|-
! scope="row" rowspan="2"| 2021
| Herself
| Artist of the Year
|
| rowspan="2"|
|-
| "Damaged"
| Song of the Year
|
|-
| rowspan="1"| 2022
| "Made for Silence"
| Song of the Year
|
|
|-
|}
National Live Music Awards
The National Live Music Awards (NLMAs) are a broad recognition of Australia's diverse live industry, celebrating the success of the Australian live scene. The awards commenced in 2016.
!
|-
! scope="row"| 2020
| Herself
| Queensland Act Voice of the Year
|
|
|}
Queensland Music Awards
The Queensland Music Awards (previously known as Q Song Awards) are annual awards celebrating Queensland, Australia's brightest emerging artists and established legends. They commenced in 2006.
(wins only)
!
|-
! scope="row" rowspan="3" | 2021
| rowspan="3"| "Twisting Words"
| Indigenous Award
|
| rowspan="3"|
|-
| Soul / Funk / R&B Award
|
|-
| Remote Award
|
|-
! scope="row"| 2022
| Made for Silence
| Soul / Funk / R&B Award
|
|
|}
Rolling Stone Australia Awards
The Rolling Stone Australia Awards are awarded annually in January or February by the Australian edition of Rolling Stone magazine for outstanding contributions to popular culture in the previous year.
!
|-
| 2021
| Miiesha
| Best New Artist
|
|
|-
References
21st-century Australian women singers
21st-century Australian singers
ARIA Award winners
Australian contemporary R&B singers
Australian women pop singers
Australian women singer-songwriters
Indigenous Australian musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rey del Ring (2013) (Spanish for "King of the Ring") was an annual professional wrestling major event produced by Mexican professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG), which took place on May 19, 2013 in Arena Naucalpan, Naucalpan, State of Mexico, Mexico. The main event was the Eponymous IWRG Rey del Ring tournament, the eleventh annual version of the tournament, IWRG's version of World Wrestling Entertainment's Royal Rumble event. 30 men competed in the Rey del Ring, which was won by Oficial 911 when they eliminated Eterno to claim the victory as well as the Rey del Ring Championship belt from previous champion Oficial Factor.
Production
Background
The Mexican professional wrestling company International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG; at times referred to as Grupo Internacional Revolución in Mexico) started their annual Rey del Ring ("King of the Ring") event in 2002, creating an annual event around the eponymous Rey del Ring match, a 30-man elimination match similar in concept to the WWE's Royal Rumble match. From 2002 until the 2011 event the "prize" for winning the match itself was simply the prestige of outlasting 29 other competitors, but at the 2011 Rey del Ring IWRG introduced the IWR Rey del Ring Championship complete with a belt to symbolize the championship that would be awarded to the winner each year. At that point in time the Rey del Ring title became a championship that could be defended and lost or won in matches in between the annual tournaments. For the tournament the champion would vacate the Rey del Ring Championship prior to the actual Rey del Ring match itself. All Rey del Ring shows, as well as the majority of the IWRG shows in general are held in "Arena Naucalpan", owned by the promoters of IWRG and their main arena. The 2013 Rey del Ring was the eleventh over all Rey del Ring tournament held by IWRG.
Storylines
The event featured three professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers were portrayed as either heels (referred to as rudos in Mexico, those that portray the "bad guys") or faces (técnicos in Mexico, the "good guy" characters) as they followed a series of tension-building events, which culminated in a wrestling match or series of matches.
Results
2013 Rey del Ring order of eliminations
References
External links
IWRG official website
2013 in professional wrestling
2013 in Mexico
IWRG Rey del Ring
May 2013 events in Mexico
Odo (or Eudes) II was the Count of Troyes in 876. They were a son of Odo I and Wandilmodis.
Little is known of this count. Their father had the county of Troyes confiscated by Charles the Bald in 858, but whether they recovered it (circa 866) is uncertain, as are the circumstances of Odo's appointment. They may have inherited it from their father or been nominated by the king. They inherited some possessions in the region of Châteaudun and some historians have retrospectively called them "Count of Châteaudun."
By a charter dated 25 October 876, Charles the Bald ceded Chaource, in Tonnerre, to Robert and Odo. Robert was probably Odo's brother and successor.
876 deaths
Counts of Champagne
Counts of Troyes
Year of birth unknown
Kazimierz Frelkiewicz (born 20 February 1940) is a Polish former basketball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics, and the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Polish men's basketball players
1967 FIBA World Championship players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Ostrów Wielkopolski County
Sportspeople from Greater Poland Voivodeship
Oculomotor nerve palsy or oculomotor neuropathy is an eye condition resulting from damage to the third cranial nerve or a branch thereof. As the name suggests, the oculomotor nerve supplies the majority of the muscles controlling eye movements (four of the six extraocular muscles, excluding only the lateral rectus and superior oblique). Damage to this nerve will result in an inability to move the eye normally. The nerve also supplies the upper eyelid muscle (levator palpebrae superioris) and is accompanied by parasympathetic fibers innervating the muscles responsible for pupil constriction (sphincter pupillae). The limitations of eye movement resulting from the condition are generally so severe that patients are often unable to maintain normal eye alignment when gazing straight ahead, leading to strabismus and, as a consequence, double vision (diplopia).
Presentation
A complete oculomotor nerve palsy will result in a characteristic displacement outward (exotropia) and downward (hypotropia). The outward displacement occurs because the lateral rectus muscle (innervated by the sixth cranial nerve) maintains muscle tone in comparison to the paralyzed medial rectus. The downward displacement occurs because the superior oblique muscle (innervated by the fourth cranial or trochlear nerve) is unantagonized by the paralyzed superior rectus, inferior rectus and inferior oblique. The affected individual will also have a ptosis, or drooping of the eyelid, and mydriasis (pupil dilation).
Causes
Oculomotor palsy can arise as a result of a number of different conditions. Non traumatic pupil-sparing oculomotor nerve palsies are often referred to as a "medical third," with those affecting the pupil being known as a "surgical third."
Congenital oculomotor palsy
The origins of the vast majority of congenital oculomotor palsies are idiopathic. There is some evidence of a familial tendency to the condition, particularly to a partial palsy involving the superior division of the nerve with an autosomal recessive inheritance. The condition can also result from aplasia or hypoplasia of one or more of the muscles supplied by the oculomotor nerve. It can also occur as a consequence of severe birth trauma.
Acquired oculomotor palsy
Vascular disorders such as diabetes, heart disease, atherosclerosis and aneurysm, particularly of the posterior communicating artery
Space occupying lesions or tumours, both malignant and non-malignant
Inflammation and infection
Trauma
Demyelinating disease (multiple sclerosis)
Autoimmune disorders such as myasthenia gravis
Post-operatively as a complication of neurosurgery
Cavernous sinus thrombosis
Mechanism
As the pair of oculomotor nerves arises from different subnuclei in the midbrain, courses through different structures in the brain and branches into superior and inferior divisions after exiting the cavernous sinuses, any lesions along its path will produce different pathological features of the third nerve palsy. The parasympathetic aspect of the nerve (which constricts pupils and thicken the lens) is located on the nerve surface, supplied by pial blood vessels. The nerve's core contains the main trunk of the oculomotor nerve, supplied by vasa vasorum. Thus pathologies affecting the nerve's core without affecting the superficial part of the nerve (thus sparing the pupillary reflex) are known as "medical" oculomotor nerve palsy. The "surgical" type of oculomotor nerve palsy is caused by external structures compressing on the nerve or trauma, which affects the entire nerve, thus affecting pupillary reflex.
Ischemic stroke selectively affects somatic fibers over parasympathetic fibers, while traumatic stroke affects both types more equally. Ischemic stroke affects the vasoneurium, which starts to supply the nerve from outside to inside. As the somatic fibers are located in the inner part of the nerve, these fibres are affected more in the setting of ischemia. A similar mechanism is also accurate for diabetes. Therefore, while almost all forms cause ptosis and impaired movement of the eye, pupillary abnormalities are more commonly associated with trauma and the "surgical third" rather than with ischemia (the "medical third"). A posterior communicating artery aneurysm will generally cause compression of the entire third nerve and will this prevent any nerve signal conduction, affecting the somatic system as well as the autonomic. The compression of the external autonomic fibres renders the pupil nonreactive and leads to the "surgical third" nerve palsy.
Oculomotor palsy can be of acute onset over hours with symptoms of headache when associated with diabetes mellitus. Diabetic neuropathy of the oculomotor nerve in a majority of cases does not affect the pupil. The sparing of the pupil is thought to be associated with the microfasciculation of the fibers that control the pupillomotor function located on the outmost aspect of the occulomotor nerve fibres; these fibres are spared because they are outermost and therefore less prone to ischemic damage than are the innermost fibres.
References
External links
Disorders of ocular muscles, binocular movement, accommodation and refraction
Oculomotor nerve
National Guardian Life Insurance Company (NGL) is an American insurance company located in Madison, Wisconsin. It was formed in 1910 and is an independent mutual life insurance company and is licensed to do business in 49 states and the District of Columbia.
In 2011 NGL received an A− (Excellent) rating from A.M. Best. NGL provides pre-need (funeral) insurance, final expense life insurance and group market benefits such as vision and dental products.
History
National Guardian Life Insurance Company (NGL) was founded in 1909 under the name The Wisconsin State Life Insurance Company as a stock company in Madison, Wisconsin. In August 1910 the company changed their name to Guardian Life Insurance Company and a month later the first life insurance policy - policy #1 with a face amount of $5,000 - was sold.
In January 1920, "National" added to name in response to Germania Life Insurance Company becoming "The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America" in 1918.
In 1936, NGL became a mutual company based on a decision by the Board of Directors and several years later, in 1948, the company reached their first $100 million of insurance force. In mid-1995, NGL entered into an alliance with Indianapolis Life Insurance Company in order to market individual term life insurance products and organized "NGL Securities Services LLC" as a subsidiary of NGL Financial Services, Inc.
In late 1998, NGL organized Kentucky Home Life Insurance Company as a subsidiary for sales in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. Later that year, NGL merged with Kentucky Home Mutual Life Insurance Company and acquired 19,000 policies and its subsidiaries: Kentucky Home Capital Corporation, Kentucky Home Trust Company, and Southeastern Financial Services, Inc.
In early 1999, NGL purchased Allnation Life Insurance Company from Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Delaware and acquired approximately 3,900 policies. Later that year, NGL also acquired a small block of traditional life policies from United Wisconsin Life, and affiliate of Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Wisconsin. At the end of 1999, NGL purchased Settlers Life Insurance Company of Bristol, Virginia adding more than 350,000 policies and certificates.
Both Allnation and Kentucky Home Capital Corporation merged with NGL in early 2000, bringing NGL's ordinary insurance in force to exceed $4 billion. However, that year NGL also exited the Securities market and sold NGL Securities Services LLC to World Securities, Inc.
In the year of 2001, NGL went on to purchase Milwaukee Life Insurance Company from Clarica Life Insurance Company - U.S. and eventually merged with the company by late 2001. NGL also organized Pre-need Reinsurance Company of America (Pre-need Re) as a subsidiary for reinsurance of pre-need insurance written by select independent marketing organizations. NGL also exited the Trust and Investment Management market, ceasing operations of NGL Investment Management Services, Inc., and Kentucky Home Trust Company. The end of the year, NGl terminated their alliance with Indianapolis Life Insurance Company and discontinued selling National Guardian Life TermGuard policies.
In 2002, NGL entered into a joint venture with Starmount Life Insurance Company to market its Group Dental and Group Vision products. NGL also acquired 35,900 life insurance policies with about $115 million of policy reserves from Trustmark Insurance Company and begin to administer 5,100 annuity contracts. In 2003, Protected Home Mutual Life Insurance Company (Sharon, PA) merged with and into NGL, bringing 65,000 policies and $210 million of assets. In 2004, NGL set a record of $120 million of sales of life products, as measured by premium.
In 2005, NGL withdrew from the Traditional Life market and discontinued selling Universal Life Insurance, Traditional Whole Life Insurance and most annuity products. NGL also sold interest in Kentucky Home Life Insurance Company this year.
In 2006, Settlers Life Insurance Company (Bristol, VA) merged with and into NGL. The combined entity immediately changed its name to Settlers Life Insurance Company and focused sales on primarily final expense insurance. Two years later, in 2008, NGL purchased Key life Insurance Company (Indianapolis, IN), acquiring 8,700 policies. Key Life Insurance Company later merged into Settlers Life Insurance Company under NGL.
Late in that year, NGL acquired 80,000 life insurance policies with $47 million of policy reserves from Central American Life Insurance Company (West Monroe, LA), 20,000 policies with $10 million of reserves from Ashley Life Insurance Company (Hamburg, AR), and 8,100 paid up whole life policies from Western Catholic Union (Quincy, IL), with nearly $20 million of policy reserves.
In mid-2009, NGL acquired 5,700 policies with $20 million of policy reserves from Citizens Security Life Insurance Company. In 2010, NGL entered into a coinsurance transaction with Citizens Security Life Insurance Company (Louisville, KY). Along with $87 million in reserves, this acquisition includes 80,000 policies. In mid-2012, NGL entered into an affiliation with Commercial Travelers Mutual Insurance Company (Utica, NY), permitting NGL access to sell in the state of New York. In mid-2015, Standard Security Life Insurance Company of New York were reinsured into NGL. NGL made another acquisition in 2015: the July acquisition of Madison National Life Insurance Company gained 280,000 policies for NGL, with a value estimated at $260 million of reserves.
As of 2015, NGL held $3.8 billion in total assets and $3.5 billion in liabilities, about twice the level of total assets from 2007. NGL Insurance Group's A.M. Best Rating was upgraded to an A rating in 2021.
References
External links
National Guardian Life website
2017 annual report for NGL
NGL Press Releases
Financial services companies established in 1910
Companies based in Madison, Wisconsin
1910 establishments in Wisconsin
Life insurance companies of the United States
Marko Obradović (, born 30 June 1991) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a forward who plays for Neftchi Fergana.
Club career
Born in Belgrade, SR Serbia, they played in the youth team of FK Zemun before coming to FK Partizan in early 2009. They played with the youth team of Partizan until summer 2009 when they begin their senior career by moving abroad to Belgium and joining K.A.S. Eupen where they played the following 2 years. After playing the first season in the Belgian Second Division they reached promotion and Obradović played with Eupen in the Belgian Pro League in the club's only season in the top tier. However Eupen ended the season relegated and Obradović moved to another Second League club, Boussu Dour Borinage and played with them in the 2011-12 season. During the winter break of the 2012-13 season, Obradović moved to Bosnia and Herzegovina and signed with Premier League side FK Radnik Bijeljina.
On 13 February 2018, Yenisey Krasnoyarsk announced the signing of Obradović. On 16 January 2019, their contract with Yenisey was dissolved by mutual consent. On 24 January 2019, they signed with Belarusian club Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino.
On 6 February 2020, FC Okzhetpes announced the signing of Obradović on a contract until the end of 2020.
International career
Obradović played for Serbia at 2008 Under-17 Euro. In 2010 they played two friendlies for Montenegro U19 team.
Honours
Radnik Bijeljina
Bosnian Cup: 2015–16
References
External links
Marko Obradović at Sofascore
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Belgrade
Association football forwards
Serbian footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Montenegrin footballers
Montenegro youth international footballers
K.A.S. Eupen players
R.F.C. Seraing (1922) players
FK Radnik Bijeljina players
FC Aktobe players
FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino players
FC Okzhetpes players
FK Neftchi Farg'ona players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Russian First League players
Russian Premier League players
Belarusian Premier League players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Montenegrin expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Uzbekistan
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Uzbekistan
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Montenegrin expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
Francs Borains players
"Every Time You Touch Me (I Get High)" is the title track from the 1975 album by Charlie Rich. The song was written by Rich and Billy Sherrill and peaked at number three on the country chart. "Every Time You Touch Me (I Get High)" also peaked at number nineteen on the Billboard Hot 100 and fared better on the Easy Listening chart where it spent one week at number one.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1975 songs
1975 singles
Charlie Rich songs
Songs written by Billy Sherrill
Song recordings produced by Billy Sherrill
Epic Records singles
Songs written by Charlie Rich
The 1975–76 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 37th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Hasle-Loren Idrettslag won the championship.
Final round
Second round
Final round
Relegation round
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1975 in Norwegian sport
1976 in Norwegian sport
Villa Ibáñez is a locality located in the south-central province of San Juan, west of the agricultural oasis of Ullúm, northwest of the city of San Juan, Argentina. It is the seat of the Ullúm Department. Today, the town is the nucleus of an important wine, fruit and olive region par excellence of the asupervisorstioned province.
Geography
Population
In the 2010 census, Villa Ibáñez had a population of 4,421.
Earthquakes
The seismicity of the Cuyo area (west central Argentina) is frequent and of low intensity, and a seismic silence of medium to severe earthquakes every 20 years in different random areas.
1977 San Juan earthquake
On 23 November 1977, the region was devastated by an earthquake, which left some unfortunate victims, and a significant percentage of material damage to buildings.
1861 Mendoza earthquake
Although this catastrophic geological activity has occurred since prehistoric times, the earthquake of 20 March 1861 marked an important milestone in the history of Argentine seismic events since it was the strongest recorded and documented in the country. Since then, the policies of successive Mendoza and municipal governments have been taking extreme care and restricting building codes.
References
Populated places in San Juan Province, Argentina
SketchPad is a coworking space in Chicago for Jewish nonprofits.
References
External links
Coworking space providers
Jewish organizations based in the United States
Organizations based in Chicago
Mack H. Alford Correctional Center (MACC, originally the Stringtown Correctional Center) is an Oklahoma Department of Corrections prison in unincorporated Atoka County, Oklahoma, near Stringtown. The medium security prison, which opened in 1973, is named after Mack H. Alford, who once served as the prison's warden.
Oklahoma Corrections Industry operates a factory for furniture renovation and sign production at the facility. A 150 herd cow/calf operation is also operated by the Department of Corrections Agri-Services.
On May 14, 1988 inmates rioted while preparing to be transported, taking 8 guards hostage. The rioters started fires in 3 buildings, causing extensive damage. One guard and an inmate were wounded.
Notable inmates
Glen Gore - convicted of the murder of Debbie Carter following the exoneration of Ron Williamson and Dennis Fritz
References
Prisons in Oklahoma
Buildings and structures in Atoka County, Oklahoma
1973 establishments in Oklahoma
Chinothele is a monotypic genus of east Asian mygalomorph spiders in the family Euagridae containing the single species, Chinothele jixiang. It was first described by K. Yu, S. Y. Zhang and F. Zhang in 2021, and it has only been found in China.
See also
List of Euagridae species
References
Monotypic Euagridae genera
Spiders of China
Gardiki (), older form Gardikion, is a Greek toponym derived from proto-Slavic Gordьkь, "town, fortified settlement" (cf. Grad (toponymy)), and may refer to the following villages in Greece and Albania:
Greek for Kardhiq, a village in southern Albania
Gardiki Omilaion, a village in Phthiotis, part of Spercheiada
Gardiki, Thesprotia, a village in Thesprotia, part of Souli
Gardiki, Filiates, a village in Thesprotia, part of Filiates
Gardiki, Phthiotis, a village in Phthiotis regional unit, now named Pelasgia
Gardiki, Trikala, a village in the Trikala regional unit
Mega Gardiki, a village in the Ioannina regional unit, part of Pasaronas
Gardiki Castle, Corfu, castle on Corfu island built in the 13th century AD
Gardiki Castle, Arcadia, castle near Chirades, municipality of Megalopoli
An older name for the village of Anavryto, Arcadia
Gardikaki ("Little Gardiki"), an older name for the village of Oiti in Phthiotis
Palaiogardiki ("Old Gardiki"), site of the ancient city of Pelinna, in Thessaly
Scheibenberg is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony in Germany. It is situated in the Ore Mountains, 8 km southwest of Annaberg-Buchholz, and 9 km east of Schwarzenberg.
History
From 1952 to 1990, Scheibenberg was part of the Bezirk Karl-Marx-Stadt of East Germany.
References
Erzgebirgskreis
Loukas Paraskeva is a Cypriot international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Paraskeva was selected as part of the two-man team by Cyprus for the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was held in Avonhead, Christchurch, New Zealand.
They won a triples bronze medal at the 2011 Atlantic Bowls Championships and has won eight titles at the Cypriot National Championships.
References
Living people
Cypriot bowls players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nostalgia for the Soviet Union () or Soviet nostalgia is a social phenomenon of nostalgia for the Soviet era (1922–1991), whether for its politics, its society, its culture, its superpower status, or simply its aesthetics. Such nostalgia occurs among people in Russia and other post-Soviet states, as well as among people born in the Soviet Union but long since living abroad, and even among Communists and Soviet sympathizers from elsewhere in the world. It is associated with Soviet patriotism.
In 2004, the television channel Nostalgiya, its logo featuring stylized hammer-and-sickle imagery, was launched in Russia.
Polling
Ever since the fall of the USSR and the Eastern Bloc, annual polling by the Levada Center has shown that over 50 percent of Russia's population lamented its collapse, with the only exception to this being in the year 2012 when support for the Soviet Union dipped below 50 percent. A 2018 poll showed that 66% of Russians regretted the fall of the Soviet Union, setting a 15-year record, and the majority of these regretting opinions came from people older than 55.
In Armenia, 12% of respondents said the USSR collapse did good, while 66% said it did harm. In Kyrgyzstan, 16% of respondents said the collapse of the USSR did good, while 61% said it did harm. A 2012 survey commissioned by the Carnegie Endowment found 38% of Armenians concurring that their country "will always have need of a leader like Stalin".
A poll conducted in 2019 found that 59% of Russians believe the Soviet government "took care of ordinary people". A poll conducted in 2020 found that 75% of Russians believe the Soviet era was "the greatest time" in the country's history.
Reasons
According to polls, what is missed most about the former Soviet Union was its shared economic system, which provided financial stability. Neoliberal economic reforms after the fall of the USSR and the Eastern Bloc resulted in harsh living standards for the general population. Policies associated with privatization allowed much of the country's economy to fall in the hands of a newly established business oligarchy. The sense of belonging to a great superpower was a secondary reason for the nostalgia; many felt humiliated and betrayed by their experiences throughout the 1990s and blamed the upheaval on advisors from Western powers, especially as NATO moved closer into Russia's sphere of influence.
According to Kristen Ghodsee, a researcher on post-communist Eastern Europe:
According to the Levada Center poll (November 2016), the people mainly miss the Soviet Union because of the destruction of the joint economic system of its 15 republics (53%); people lost the feeling of belonging to a great power (43%); mutual distrust and cruelty have increased (31%); the feeling that you are at home in any part of the USSR was lost (30%); and connection with friends, relatives lost (28%). Levada Center sociologist Karina Pipiya says that economic factors played the most significant part in rising nostalgia for the USSR in the 2018 poll, as opposed to loss of prestige or national identity, noting that a strong majority of Russians "regret that there used to be more social justice and that the government worked for the people and that it was better in terms of care for citizens and paternalistic expectations." A June 2019 Levada Center poll found that 59% of Russians felt that the Soviet government "took care of ordinary people". Joseph Stalin's favorability also hit record highs the spring of that year.
See also
Communist chic
History of communism in the Soviet Union
National Bolshevism
Neo-Sovietism
Neo-Stalinism
Sovietwave, a Russian musical subgenre of synthwave
Soviet patriotism
Communist nostalgia in Europe
Communist nostalgia
Ostalgie, in the former East Germany
PRL nostalgia, in the former Polish People's Republic
Yugo-nostalgia, in the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
References
Further reading
Satter, D. It Was a Long Time Ago and It Never Happened Anyway: Russia and the Communist Past. Yale University Press. New Haven, 2012. .
Boffa, G. "From the USSR to Russia. History of unfinished crisis. 1964—1994"
Mydans, S. 20 Years After Soviet Fall, Some Look Back Longingly. New York Times. August 18, 2011
Weir, F. Why nearly 60 percent of Russians 'deeply regret' the USSR's demise. The Christian Science Monitor. December 23, 2009.
Houslohner, A. Young Russians never knew the Soviet Union, but they hope to recapture days of its empire. Washington Post. June 10, 2014
Weir, F. Maybe the Soviets weren't so bad? Russian nostalgia for USSR on the rise. The Christian Science Monitor. January 29, 2016.
Communist nostalgia in Eastern Europe: longing for the past. openDemocracy. November 10, 2015
Ghodsee, Kristen R. Red Hangover: Legacies of Twentieth-Century Communism. Duke University Press, 2017. .
External links
News
Blundy, A. Nostalgia for the Soviet Era Sweeps the Internet. Newsweek. July 30, 2014.
Pippenger, N. Why Are So Many Russians Nostalgic For The USSR?'' New Republic. August 19, 2011.
In Russia, nostalgia for Soviet Union and positive feelings about Stalin. Pew Research Center. June 29, 2017.
Russian Support for Stalin Surges to Record High, Poll Says. Bloomberg. April 16, 2019.
Internet societies
Project "Encyclopedia of our childhood", Soviet Union through the eyes of contemporaries
Museum "20th century". Recollections about the Soviet epoch
livejournal:
– "For our Soviet Motherland!"
– "USSR (all about the 1922—1991 epoch)"
– "What always is nice to remember..."
– "1922 – 1991: USSR in photos"
Soviet cards and posters
USSR in scale, a website commemorated to a private collection of Soviet technology and vehicles in the scale 1:43
In Barnaul, a store called "Sovietsky" was opened (photo)
Soviet heritage: between zoo, reservation and sanctuary (about "Soviet epoch parks") // Новая Эўропа – DELFI, 11 сентября 2013
Dissolution of the Soviet Union
History of Russia (1991–present)
Neo-Sovietism
The Abbey of Santa María la Real de Las Huelgas is a monastery of Cistercian nuns located approximately 1.5 km west of the city of Burgos in Spain. The word huelgas, which usually refers to "labour strikes" in modern Spanish, refers in this case to land which had been left fallow. Historically, the monastery has been the site of many weddings of royal families, both foreign and Spanish, including that of Edward I of England to Eleanor of Castile in 1254, for example. The defensive tower of the Abbey is also the birthplace of King Peter of Castile.
History
On 2 January 1187, Pope Clement III issued a papal bull authorising the founding of a monastery dedicated to the Virgin Mary. In June of the same year, Alfonso VIII of Castile, at the behest of their wife, Eleanor of England, daughter of Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine granted the foundational charter stipulating that the monastery was to be governed by the Cistercian Order. Until the 16th century, it enjoyed many royal privileges granted to it by the king, including exemption from taxes, the lordship of many villages and territories (governed by the monastery's abbess), and the possession of many of the royal families' valued personal items, most of them religious. It is even claimed that, until the Council of Trent, the abbess was able to hear confession and give absolution, like a priest.
In 1199, the founders formally delivered the monastery to the nuns and added a clause pursuant to which the monastery was to be the burial place of the royal family. Constance, the youngest daughter of Alfonso, joined the Cistercians there. They were the first known as the Lady of Las Huelgas. This position was held as well by other women from the royal family, including their niece Constance and their grand-niece Berengaria, and maintained the close connection between the community and their royal patrons. Queen Eleanor and Queen Berengaria were both documented as supporting and being involved with the abbey. While members of the royal family were secular leaders of the monastery, abbesses such as Sancha Garcia were spiritual authorities.
Alfonso VIII, who was themselves to be buried at Las Huelgas, along with their wife, Eleanor, created the affiliated Royal Hospital, with all its dependencies, subject to the Abbess. The hospital was founded to feed and care for the poor pilgrims along the Camino de Santiago. Donations made to sustain the hospital noted the key role that Eleanor played in its founding and maintenance, and they made many donations in honor of their deceased son Ferdinand.
A community of lay brothers developed to help the nuns in their care of the hospital's patients, who became known as the Brothers Hospitallers of Burgos. There were never more than a dozen of them, but they formed an independent religious Order in 1474. The Brothers survived as an Order until 1587, when their Order was suppressed and they were again placed under the authority of the abbess.
The Abbess of the monastery was, by the favor of the king, invested with almost royal prerogatives, and exercised an unlimited secular authority over more than fifty villages. Like secular lords, they held their own courts, in civil and criminal cases, and, like bishops, they granted Dimissorial Letters for ordination, and issued licenses authorizing priests within the territory of their abbatial jurisdiction to hear confessions, to preach, and to engage in pastoral care. They were privileged also to confirm the Abbesses of other monasteries, to impose censures, and to convoke synods. At a General Chapter of the Cistercians held in 1189, they were made Abbess General of the Order for the Kingdom of León and Castile, with the privilege of convoking annually a general chapter at Burgos.
The Abbess of Las Huelgas retained their ancient prerogatives up to the time of the Council of Trent, in the 16th century.
Currently, the monastic community, which at present numbers 36, is part of the Spanish Congregation of St. Bernard, a reform movement of Cistercian nuns, which arose during the 16th and 17th centuries. Due to this, they are also commonly referred to as "Bernadines". The nuns of this Congregation would follow a more exact observance of the Rule of St. Benedict than other Cistercian houses, with frequent and lengthy fasts, and celebrating the Divine Office about 2:00 A.M. The nuns support themselves through the decoration of porcelain items, making rosaries and providing laundry services for local hotels.
This abbey has founded a daughter house in Peru, the Monastery of the Most Holy Trinity, which is located in the agricultural Lurín District, on the outskirts of the Lima Metropolitan Area. The monastery has about ten professed nuns, and several candidates in various stages of formation. They support themselves by making cakes and jams, for which they use the produce of their own gardens.
Cultural heritage
The monastery is open to the public. Visits are administered not by the monastic community, but by the Spanish heritage organisation Patrimonio Nacional, which maintains the property as a Spanish royal site.
Textiles
The monastery houses the Museo de Ricas Telas, a showcase of medieval textiles taken from the many royal tombs in the convent. Also on display is the tapestry that covered the tent of the Almohad caliph Al Nasir, known to the Christians as Miramamolin. This tapestry was seized by the victorious Christians at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa on July 16, 1212. When Sancho VII of Navarre's men drove through an enchained circle of African slaves guarding Miramamolin's tent, the caliph fled with great haste, leaving this tapestry along with several other prizes of war behind for the exultant Spanish.
Musical heritage
Las Huelgas preserves a 14th-century music manuscript, the Codex Las Huelgas. It contains monophonic and polyphonic music which is assumed to have been performed by the nuns. Some of the music is not found in any other source.
Burials
Henry I of Castile
Eleanor of England, Queen of Castile
Alfonso VIII of Castile
Berengaria of Castile
Blanche of Portugal (1259–1321)
Eleanor of Castile (died 1244)
Philip of Castile, Lord of Cabrera and Ribera
Peter of Castile, Lord of Cameros
Blanche of Castile (1319–75)
Old images
See also
Codex Las Huelgas
References
Bibliography
External links
Monasterio de las Huelgas
Photos of Las Huelgas, its Royal Tombs and Cloisters
Roman Catholic churches in Burgos
Santa Maria la Real de Las Huelgas
Cistercian nunneries in Spain
1187 establishments in Europe
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1187
Roman Catholic monasteries in Spain
Historical Patrimony of Spain
Medieval hospitals in Spain
Organisations based in Spain with royal patronage
Tourist attractions in Burgos
12th-century establishments in the Kingdom of León
Burial sites of the House of Burgundy
Burial sites of the Anscarids
Burial sites of the Castilian House of Burgundy
The 1998 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the fourth recorded season of top-flight football in Bhutan. The league was won by Druk Pol, their third title in a row and the first time a Bhutanese team had achieved a hat-trick of titles.
References
Bhutan A-Division seasons
Bhutan
Bhutan
football
Suzanne Saueressig (February 4, 1925 – February 8, 2013) was the first practicing female veterinarian in Missouri. They were the Humane Society of Missouri's chief of staff for 55 years. They were born in Nuremberg, Germany and graduated from the University of Munich Veterinary College, in 1953. They were the only woman in their class. They came to St. Louis, MO and was hired as a veterinarian for the Humane Society of Missouri. They insisted on raising the standards at their clinic, ensuring surgical instruments were sanitized properly, increasing cleanliness standards for the animals, and insisting on modern x-ray equipment. They were named their chief of staff ten years later in 1965.  They are accredited with playing a major role in the Humane Society of Missouri's success. It is one of the largest operating practices in the Midwest today. They campaigned for spaying and neutering animals and had a column in the local newspaper to help educate and improve the local community. In 1972, they claimed the award of "Woman Veterinarian of the Year" by the national organization American Veterinary Medical Association.
Early life and education
Early life
Saueressig was born in Nuremberg, Germany. They were the first born of four siblings. Them great-grandfather built their family home directly behind their construction building. Them early education was done at a Catholic school, despite their objections with the school dress code. Them love for animals started at a young age as they had cats and dogs as pets growing up. One day after their cat had gone missing, Saueressig suspected the maid as the cause. They placed mice in the maid's dresser and the cat reappeared the next day. At the age of 17, Saueressig enrolled in a typing class. The first session they attended the school was bombed. This moment led them to quit the typing program and instead pursue a career as a nurse. During their first semester in nursing school, they once again was involved in a bombing. This time they suffered a concussion. They and their classmates at the nursing school were drafted into the army. From 1945 to 1946 they were held as a prisoner of war by the United States in Nuremberg Germany. During this time, the Nuremberg Trials were taking place—the most notable being the Trial of Major War Criminals. During Hitler's reign, Nuremberg was a popular site for Nazi propaganda and rallies.
Veterinary education
Saueressig graduated from the University of Munich Veterinary college in 1953. They were the only woman among the 90 students in their graduating class. Despite this, their parents were not pleased at their choice to become a veterinarian. They believed working on animals was unbecoming for a young lady and that handling animals was dirty labor. After graduating, they did a year-long research study in an internship studying salmonella in mollusks. This earned them a master's degree magna cum laude after completing their doctoral dissertation in 1954 at the University of Munich. During their schooling, the opportunity to work on large animals like horses was very limited due to World War II. Most of the horses in Germany belonged to aristocracy and were considered precious at the time.
Career
Saueressig traveled to America to spend a year learning American veterinary methods. They moved to St. Louis and waited five years before being allowed to practice in the United States. First, they had to become a United States citizen and then become licensed by the state. After that, they were hired by the Humane Society of Missouri's clinic in 1955. At that time, the clinic was very small and had only a few other staff members. One of the staff members was a third year veterinary student named Richard Riegel. Riegel and Saueressig were married in 1956, while they were working their way to a higher position at the clinic. Soon after that, Saueressig was placed in charge of the facility. From the start, they insisted on raising the clinic's standards. They also insisted on sterile surgery equipment, using modern day technologies such as x-ray equipment, and clean cages. They would hide small newspaper comics on the bottom of animals' cages overnight and check to make sure they were removed the next morning as a way to ensure the staff was properly cleaning the cages.  They are accredited with being the primary reason the Humane Society of Missouri's clinic is one of the largest in the Midwest today. The facility now annually receives around 80,000 patients and performs 17,00 surgeries. They became chief of staff in 1965 and used their authority to continue to expand the facility and raise the standards.
Other achievements
Saueressig was very involved in improving their community. They were an advocate for the spaying and neutering of pets and had a campaign to raise public awareness for the project. They served on veterinary and community organizations and mentored many successful veterinarians. They had a column in the newspaper St. Louis Globe-Democrat titled Ask the Pet Doctor, which ran weekly from 1979-1985. They answered many community member's questions about their pet's care and helped spread awareness this way.
Awards
They received the national award "Woman Veterinarian of the Year" from the Women's Veterinary Medical Association in 1972. The organization transitioned into a foundation, Association for Women Veterinarians Foundation, and continues its awards and scholarships through the American Veterinary Medicine Association.
Them community recognized their hard work in 1983 by naming them as Leader of Distinction, and they were added to the YWCA Metro St. Louis Academy of Leaders.
Legacy
Saueressig died on February 8, 2013. They did not leave any children behind. Them husband died two months later on April 30, 2013. They were a mentor to many veterinarians and an inspiration to their supporters.
Kathy Warnick, the president of the Humane Society of Missouri at the time of Saueressig's death, accredited Saueressig with providing care to over a million pets in need.
See also
History of Veterinary Medicine
American Veterinary Medical Association
List of Veterinarians
Veterinary Education
References
2013 deaths
1925 births
German veterinarians
German emigrants to the United States
People from Nuremberg
Women in World War II
German Army personnel of World War II
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United States
The 2004–05 New York Knicks season was the 59th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). During the offseason, the Knicks acquired Jamal Crawford from the Chicago Bulls. Early in the season, the team released Shandon Anderson after they had played one game; Anderson later joined the Miami Heat as a free agent. The Knicks played around .500 with a 16–13 start, but then lost 16 of their next 18 games. Head coach Lenny Wilkens resigned after a 17–22 start, and was replaced by assistant Herb Williams for the remainder of the season. The Knicks then lost nine straight games between March and April, finishing fourth place in the Atlantic Division with a 33–49 record, and failing to qualify for the NBA Playoffs.
In their first full season with the Knicks, Stephon Marbury led the team with 21.7 points, 8.1 assists and 1.5 steals per game, and Jamal Crawford finished second on the team in scoring, averaging 17.7 points per game. Following the season, Larry Brown was hired as coach, Kurt Thomas was traded to the Phoenix Suns, Tim Thomas was dealt to the Chicago Bulls, and Allan Houston, who played just 20 games due to injury, retired after 12 seasons in the NBA.
NBA Draft
Roster
Regular season
Record vs. opponents
See also
2004–05 NBA season
References
New York Knicks seasons
New York Knicks
New York Knicks
New York Knick
2000s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
Bright Yellow Bright Orange is the eighth album by Australian indie rock group The Go-Betweens, released in February 2003 on the Trifekta Records label. It was nominated at the 2003 ARIA Music Awards for Best Adult Contemporary Album, but lost to John Farnham for The Last Time.
Track listing
The first pressing of the Jetset version of the CD, that was available in some US stores, included a bonus disk.
Personnel
Robert Forster - vocals, electric and acoustic guitar, slide, Hammond organ, piano
Grant McLennan – vocals, electric and acoustic guitar
Adele Pickvance – electric and upright bass, keyboards, vocals
Glenn Thompson – drums, electric guitar, Farfisa organ, keyboards, vocals
Hope Csutoros – violin
Helen Mountfort – cello
David Chesworth – string arrangement
References
2003 albums
The Go-Betweens albums
Jetset Records albums
Carolina Mendoza Hernández (born 25 April 1997 in Naucalpan, Mexico) is a Mexican diver. At only 15 years of age, they achieved qualification to participate at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the individual 10 metre platform events.
References
dive meets
Mexican female divers
1997 births
Living people
Divers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic divers of Mexico
People from Naucalpan
Sportspeople from the State of Mexico
Universiade medalists in diving
Universiade gold medalists for Mexico
Medalists at the 2019 Summer Universiade
20th-century Mexican women
21st-century Mexican women
This page is an overview of Malaysia at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
List of medalists
This is the list of Malaysian medals won at the UCI Track World Championships. This list does not include the amateur disciplines and defunct disciplines.
Medal table
Medals by discipline
updated after the 2020 UCI Track Cycling World Championships
Medals by championships
updated after the 2020 UCI Track Cycling World Championships
2005
Malaysia competed at the 2005 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Los Angeles, United States from 24 to 27 March. The event consisted of 15 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 1 man and 2 women.
Individual pursuit
Keirin
Scratch
2006
Malaysia competed at the 2006 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Bordeaux, France from 13 to 16 April. The event consisted of 15 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent 1 man.
Sprint
Keirin
2007
Malaysia competed at the 2007 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Palma de Mallorca, Spain from 29 March to 1 April. The event consisted of 17 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 3 men.
Sprint
Time trial
Team sprint
Keirin
2008
Malaysia competed at the 2008 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Manchester, Great Britain from 26 to 30 March. The event consisted of 18 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 5 men.
Sprint
Time trial
Team sprint
Keirin
Scratch
2009
Malaysia competed at the 2009 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Pruszków, Poland from 25 to 29 March. The event consisted of 19 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 3 men.
Sprint
Time trial
Team sprint
Keirin
2010
Malaysia competed at the 2010 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Ballerup, Denmark from 24 to 28 March. The event consisted of 19 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 2 men.
Sprint
Keirin
2011
Malaysia competed at the 2011 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Apeldoorn, Netherlands from 23 to 27 March. The event consisted of 19 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 4 men and 1 woman.
Sprint
Time trial
Team sprint
Keirin
Scratch
2012
Malaysia competed at the 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Melbourne, Australia from 4 to 8 April. The event consisted of 19 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 5 men and 1 woman.
Sprint
Time trial
Team sprint
Keirin
Scratch
Points race
2013
Malaysia competed at the 2013 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Minsk, Belarus from 20 to 24 February. The event consisted of 19 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent 1 man.
Keirin
2014
Malaysia competed at the 2014 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Cali, Colombia from 26 February to 2 March. The event consisted of 19 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 1 man and 2 women.
Sprint
Keirin
Scratch
2015
Malaysia competed at the 2015 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Yvelines, France from 18 to 22 February. The event consisted of 19 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 2 men and 1 woman.
Sprint
Keirin
2016
Malaysia competed at the 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in London, Great Britain from 2 to 6 March. The event consisted of 19 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 1 man and 1 woman.
Sprint
Keirin
2017
Malaysia competed at the 2017 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Hong Kong from 12 to 16 April. The event consisted of 20 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 2 men.
Sprint
Keirin
2018
Malaysia competed at the 2018 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Apeldoorn, Netherlands from 28 February to 4 March. The event consisted of 20 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 2 men.
Sprint
Keirin
2019
Malaysia competed at the 2019 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Pruszków, Poland from 27 February to 3 March. The event consisted of 20 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 3 men.
Sprint
Team sprint
Keirin
2020
Malaysia competed at the 2020 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Berlin, Germany from 26 February to 1 March. The event consisted of 20 disciplines for men and women. Malaysia sent a team of 3 men.
Sprint
Time trial
Keirin
References
Nations at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships
Malaysia at cycling events
Venus in Fur is a two-person play by David Ives set in modern New York City. The play had its premiere off-Broadway at the Classic Stage Company in 2010 and on Broadway in 2011.
Productions
Venus in Fur opened off-Broadway at the Classic Stage Company on January 13, 2010. The play was originally set to close on February 21, 2010, and was extended to March 7, 2010. The cast featured Nina Arianda and Wes Bentley with direction by Walter Bobbie. The play relaunched the career of Wes Bentley.
Venus in Fur then opened on Broadway on November 8, 2011. It was produced by the Manhattan Theatre Club at the Samuel J. Friedman Theatre. Previews began on October 13, 2011. Nina Arianda reprised their role as Vanda and Hugh Dancy played Thomas Novachek, the writer-director. Walter Bobbie directed. The production ended its limited engagement at the Friedman on December 18 and resumed performances at the Lyceum Theatre on February 7, 2012, in a limited engagement through June 17, 2012. Arianda won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for their performance in the Broadway production, which also received a nomination for Best Play.
In 2013, the play saw its Australian premiere in a production by the Queensland Theatre Company in Brisbane with Libby Munro as Vanda and Todd MacDonald as Thomas. Dana Brooke as Vanda was declared one of the "Performances of the Year" by The Sacramento Bee in B Street Theatre's production in 2013.
The play received its Canadian Premiere in Toronto in a 2013 production by the Canadian Stage Company. The show was so successful that it returned for an additional run later in the 2013–2014 season, and returned once more in the company's 2014–2015 season. Carly Street won a Dora Award for their portrayal of Vanda. Rick Miller co-stars as Thomas. The production was directed by Jennifer Tarver.
In 2017, the play had its London West End Premiere at the Theatre Royal Haymarket. This production was directed by Patrick Marber and starred Natalie Dormer and David Oakes as Vanda and Thomas respectively.
Plot
Thomas Novachek is the writer-director of a new play opening in New York City; this play-within-the-play is an adaptation of the 1870 novel Venus in Furs by the Austrian author Leopold von Sacher-Masoch and happens to be the novel that inspired the term "masochism". The play begins with Novachek on the telephone lamenting the inadequacies of the actores who have showed up that day to audition for the lead character, Vanda von Dunayev. Suddenly, at the last minute, a new actor called Vanda (Wanda) Jordan bursts in. At first it's hard to imagine that they will please this very particular and exasperated writer/director: She's brash, vulgar and unschooled. But they convince them to let their audition for the part of Vanda von Dunayev, with the director/writer reading the part of Severin von Kushemski. Much happens during this dynamic reading, as lightning flashes and thunder crashes outside. Vanda shows astonishing insights into the novel and their character, and they perform what is in effect a terrific audition. They both become caught up in the characters they are reading. The balance of power is reversed, and the actor establishes dominance over the director, which is similar to what occurs in the novel.
Awards and nominations
Nina Arianda won a Tony Award, the Clarence Derwent Award, Clive Barnes Award, and the Theatre World Award. They also received nominations for the 2010 Outer Critics Circle Award for Outstanding Actress in a Play, the 2010 Lucille Lortel Award, Outstanding Lead Actress, and the Drama League Award, Distinguished Performance. They won the 2011/12 Tony Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Play.
Other nominations were the Lucille Lortel Award for Outstanding Director and Outstanding Costume Design (Anita Yavich), the Drama League Award for Distinguished Production of a Play, and the Tony Award for Best Play.
For the West End production, Natalie Dormer was nominated for WhatsOnStage.com Audience Award for Best Actress in a Play.
Film version
Director Roman Polanski shot a film version of the play, in French, in late 2012. The film stars Polanski's wife Emmanuelle Seigner and Mathieu Amalric.
References
External links
(archive)
About Roman Polański's adaptation of David Ives' comedy
2010 plays
Plays by David Ives
Off-Broadway plays
Broadway plays
Plays based on novels
Two-handers
American plays adapted into films
Land of Legends () is a 2022 Russian epic historical fantasy action film directed by Anton Megerdichev. It is an adaptation of the historical novel Heart of Parma (ru) written by Alexei Ivanov and published in 2003. The book is based on the events of the 15th century and talks about the conquest of Great Perm by Moscow. The film stars Aleksandr Kuznetsov, Yevgeny Mironov, Fyodor Bondarchuk, Elena Erbakova, Sergei Puskepalis, and Aleksey Rozin joining the cast.
Principal photography began in August 2019 and ended in February 2020, the film was shot on the territory of the Perm Krai, and the Moscow Oblast were selected. Unique scenery were built on the banks of the Usva and Kosva rivers: wooden and stone cities, fortresses, stilt houses.
It will be released in wide release on October 6, 2022, by Central Partnership.
Plot
The film takes place in the 15th century in the Ural, which Moscow troops want to capture. Mikhail, Prince of Great Perm with the help of local residents and old gods will try to fight back.
According to the authors, the epic drama Heart of Parma is the history of the confrontation between two worlds: the Grand Duchy of Moscow and the Ural Parma, the ancient Perm lands inhabited by pagans. Here heroes and ghosts, princes and shamans, Voguls and Muscovites will clash. At the center of the conflict of civilizations is the fate of the Russian prince Mikhail, who fell in love with the young Tiche, a witch-lamia capable of taking on the form of a lynx. Passion for the pagan and fidelity to forbidden love, a campaign against the Voguls, bloody battles and a short peace, the battle between Muscovy and Parma, the hero will face trials in which it is not so terrible to part with life as to commit treason.
Cast
Aleksandr Kuznetsov as Perm prince Mikhail Ermolaevich, a centurion of the Komi-Permian, ruler of the Grand Duchy of Great Perm principality.
Yevgeny Mironov as Baptist Jonah
Fyodor Bondarchuk as Grand prince Ivan III Vasilyevich of Russia, Grand Duke of Moscow
Elena Erbakova as Tiche, lamia the sorceress, Prince Mikhail's wife
Valentin Tszin as Asyka is a Khakan (prince), the Vogul city of Pelym.
Sergei Puskepalis as Cherdyn voivode Polyud could have ended up in the city of Cherdyn.
Vladimir Lyubimtsev as Perm prince Burmot - voivode, Prince Mikhail's friend
Islam Zafesov as Shiban Isur - voivode, the Tatar city of Afkul, Prince Mikhail's friend
Aleksey Rozin
Yelena Panova
Aleksandr Gorbatov
Roza Khayrullina
Ilya Malanin
Ivan Porodnov as Moscow warrior
Vera Tarasova as Evdokiya
Arseniy Sergeev as Syomka
Miroslava Mikhailova as Masha
Production
Development
In 2005, the rights to the film adaptation were bought by the Central Partnership company, the director of the TV series Brigada by Aleksey Sidorov, was supposed to be the director.
In July 2008, it became known that the company did not intend to make the film. In 2014, Star Media Company acquired the rights to film adaptation of the novel from Alexei Ivanov. The film was originally directed by Sergei Bodrov. They later withdrew from the production due to being busy, but remained as screenwriter.
On March 21, 2019, at the pitching of the film companies leading the Cinema Foundation of Russia, producer Igor Tolstunov announced the cast of the film adaptation of Alexei Ivanov's novel Heart of Parma, which will be directed by Anton Megerdichev, responsible for the film Going Vertical (2017).
Casting
So, the main role - Prince Mikhail - will be played by Aleksandr Kuznetsov, known for the films The Scythian. Their wife - Tiche - will be played by Elena Erbakova, an actor from Ulan-Ude, for them this will be a film debut. The role of Bishop Jonah went to Yevgeny Mironov, and the role of Grand Prince Ivan III will be played by Fyodor Bondarchuk.
Filming
According to the film group, the filming will soon be completed on the territory of the Perm Krai.
In the village of Schegolevo, Ramensky District, Moscow Oblast, and in the vicinity of Gubakha, Perm Krai, unique decorations were built on the banks of the Usva and Vishera River: wooden and stone cities, fortresses, and houses on stilts. Heart of Parma is already considered one of the most difficult staged projects of Russian cinema.
In total, more than 2,000 people took part in the project during the entire filming period, including a film crew of 150 people. The extras, recruited in the area of the town of Gubakha, where the filming took place, deliberately did not shave their beards for several months in order to appear in both the summer and winter blocks.
The costumes of the inhabitants of the fictional water city of Uros were made to order from real fish skin.
At the end of filming in Gubakha, the producers of the project decided not to disassemble the scenery, but to use the built city as a historical and tourist site. The large-scale decoration "Cherdyn" was donated to the city administration. It is planned to make an observation deck on the site of the city's scenery and install information boards with QR codes that will direct you to a site that tells about the sights of Gubakha and the filming of the project.
Post-production
The film includes large-scale battle scenes, special effects, and carefully designed costume details, props, and weapons.
Release
On August 26, 2022, the film opened the screening program of the 44th Moscow International Film Festival.
Land of Legends will premiere at the "Karo 11 October" cinema in Moscow on September 28, and in Perm on October 5, 2022. It is scheduled to be theatrically released in the Russian Federation from October 6, 2022.
References
External links
2020s Russian-language films
2020s historical films
2020s historical action films
2020s historical fantasy films
2020s historical drama films
2022 fantasy films
2020s fantasy action films
2020s fantasy drama films
2020s action war films
2022 action drama films
Historical epic films
Epic fantasy films
Fantasy war films
War epic films
Russian epic films
Russian historical action films
Russian historical drama films
Russian fantasy action films
Russian fantasy drama films
Russian action war films
Russian action drama films
Biographical films about Russian royalty
Kievan Rus in fiction
Monarchy in fiction
Siege films
Films based on short fiction
War films based on actual events
Films based on European myths and legends
Films set in Ural
Films shot in Moscow Oblast
Films shot in Perm Krai
Mexico Public Schools # 59 is a public school system serving Mexico, Missouri, United States. Students in the district are eligible to attend the Davis H. Hart Career Center.
Schools
Secondary schools
Mexico Senior High School
Mexico Middle School
Elementary schools
Eugene Field Elementary School
Hawthorne Elementary School
Early childhood schools
McMillan Early Learning Center
Alternative school
Mexico Education Center
References
External links
School districts in Missouri
Education in Audrain County, Missouri
Betka Union is a union parishad under Tongibari Upazila of Munshiganj District in the Dhaka Division of central Bangladesh. It covers an area of .
Demographics
The population includes 11,459 males and 9,376 females.
Infrastructure
The area hosts a post office, two banks and an ATM booth along with a market.
Health
Two community health centers are located there.
Agriculture
The area hosts 37 Arat of Potatoes, 5 Arat of Betel Nut and 4 Potatoes Cold Storages
Roads
Roads cover 32400 km of roads. 5,400 km are paved, 1,000 km are brick and the remaining 26,002 km are dirt.
Villages and population
Chotfotiya - 226
Uttor Rayapura - 852
Sundalpura - 805
Gorkula - 127
Pirate Mahamudatpur - 546
North Betka - 4,487
Khilpara - 3,172
South Betka - 2,304
Changuri - 2,091
Randhonibari - 1,295
Kandapara -
Dwipara -
South Raypur - 605
Education
Government primary schools
| 09 ||Dokkhin Betka Government primary school
Secondary And Higher Secondary Schools
Betka Union High School
Paik Para Union High School
Madrasas
Betka Darulalom Kawmia Madrasah
Uttor Raipur Siddikia Abdul Islamia Dakhil Madrasah
Uttar Sunarong Darul Ulum Madrasa
Dakshin Betka D Muhammed Hossain Islamia Hafijiya Madrasa And Etim Khana
Religion
The area supports 31 mosques, including:
Khilpara Baitul Aman Jame Mosque
Betka Bazar Jame Mosque
Big Chatfatia Jame Mosque
Chatfatia Jame Mosque
Char MahamudatPur Jame Mosque
Uttar Raipur Jame Mosque
Uttar Sunarong Jame Masjid
Natun Bazar Jame Masjid
Hawlader Bari Baitun Noor Jame Masjid
Orphan
Dakshin Betka D Muhammed Hossain Islamia Hafijiya Madrasa And Etim Khana
See also
Upazilas of Bangladesh
Districts of Bangladesh
Divisions of Bangladesh
References
Munshiganj District
Unions of Tongibari Upazila
Anna Rüh (born 17 June 1993 in Greifswald) is a German athlete who specialises in the discus throw.
Rüh represented Germany at the 2012 European Athletics Championships where they finished 4th in the discus event with a throw of 62.65 metres.
Achievements
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Greifswald
German female discus throwers
German female shot putters
Olympic athletes of Germany
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Dielkirchen is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Dielkirchen has an area of 8.10 km² and a population of 453 (as of December 31, 2020).
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Latah County ( ) is a county located in the north central region of the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 39,517. The county seat and largest city is Moscow, the home of the University of Idaho, the state's flagship until 2012 and land-grant university.
The county was created in 1888 and named for Latah Creek in its northwest corner. The name in the Nez Perce language means "the place of pine trees and pestle." The tribe found shade under the white pine trees for doing their work and stones suitable for use in pulverizing camas roots to process as one of their food staples.
Latah County comprises the Moscow, ID Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Pullman-Moscow, WA-ID Combined Statistical Area.
The county comprises the majority of the eastern portion of the Palouse, famous for its rolling hills and rich agriculture. Latah County is the only county in the U.S. established by an act of Congress; it was originally part of Nez Perce County, which was reluctant to lose its most populated area.
History
Settlement
Settlement of the Palouse commenced in 1871. Development of population centers at Genesee and Moscow are the earliest followed by Juliaetta and Kendrick in the 1880s. The railroad's arrival in Moscow in 1885 led to its development as the primary population center of the county. The establishment of the University of Idaho at Moscow in 1889 also was significant in the city's continued growth. Settlement of Troy commenced in 1895 with Bovill being first settled by Lord Hugh Bovill in 1899. Construction of a railroad from Moscow to Bovill was completed in 1907 with the town of Deary developing in that year on the railroad. Potlatch was settled as a company town in 1905.
Development of cities
Moscow first shows in the 1880 census with a population of 76. It was incorporated as a village in 1887. Genesee was established as a town in 1889. Julieatta, Kendrick, and Troy were established as towns by the 1900 Census, with each incorporating as a village prior to 1910. Bovill and Deary were incorporated as villages prior to 1920. Potlatch and Onaway remained unincorporated as late as 1960. They were returned at the 1950 Census as a single unincorporated area.
County boundary history
The Idaho Territorial Legislature established the counties of Lah-Toh and Kootenai on December 22, 1864. Lah-Toh contained all northern Idaho west of Shoshone County between the Clearwater River and 48° north latitude. Coeur d'Alene was named the county seat of Lah-Toh County. The legislature was well aware that settlement was lacking in the area to support a county government and established that the Governor could organize the county commission upon receipt of a petition from fifty residents. On January 9, 1867, the Fourth Idaho Legislature repealed the act creating the two counties, established the northern line of Nez Perce County to coincide with the present northern line of Latah County, and placed the remaining portion of Lah-Toh within the boundary of Kootenai County. Unaware of Lah-Toh's abolishment, residents of Moscow attempted to organize the county of Lah-Toh in 1878. Initially, the Governor granted the request, but later informed the residents that they were actually located within the boundary of Nez Perce County. The Idaho Territorial Legislature failed to address creation of a county for the residents of Moscow. As a result, Fred T. Dubois successfully petitioned on their behalf for the United States Congress to create the county. On May 14, 1888, Latah County with its seat at Moscow came into existence as the first and only U.S. county created by the United States Congress.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.09%) is water. It is part of the Palouse, a wide and rolling portion of the middle Columbia basin.
Adjacent counties
Benewah County – north
Shoshone County – northeast
Clearwater County – east
Nez Perce County – south
Whitman County, Washington – west
Major highways
US 95
SH-3
SH-6
SH-8
SH-9
SH-99
National protected area
St. Joe National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 34,935 people, 13,059 households, and 7,770 families residing in the county. The population density was 32 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 13,838 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.94% White, 0.59% Black or African American, 0.75% Native American, 2.10% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 0.77% from other races, and 1.76% from two or more races. 2.12% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 20.4% were of German, 13.5% English, 8.7% Irish, 7.8% American and 5.9% Norwegian ancestry.
There were 13,059 households, out of which 27.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.50% were married couples living together, 6.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.50% were non-families. 26.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.93.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 20.30% under the age of 18, 24.50% from 18 to 24, 26.90% from 25 to 44, 18.90% from 45 to 64, and 9.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females there were 107.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,524, and the median income for a family was $46,303. Males had a median income of $34,734 versus $24,886 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,690. About 7.90% of families and 16.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.20% of those under age 18 and 5.40% of those age 65 or over. Forty percent of all workers in Latah County work for the University of Idaho or Washington State University in nearby Pullman.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 37,244 people, 14,708 households, and 8,241 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 15,988 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.8% white, 2.1% Asian, 0.8% black or African American, 0.6% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.0% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 31.0% were German, 16.8% were English, 15.3% were Irish, 6.9% were Norwegian, 5.5% were Swedish, and 3.0% were American.
Of the 14,708 households, 25.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.3% were married couples living together, 6.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 44.0% were non-families, and 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.89. The median age was 28.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,974 and the median income for a family was $54,172. Males had a median income of $40,510 versus $31,223 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,218. About 10.4% of families and 21.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.7% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.
Government and politics
Latah County has long been one of the most politically competitive counties in Idaho, while the state as a whole is strongly Republican.
On January 3, 2017, the county had 21,723 registered voters; 10,629 (47%) are not registered by party, 6,965 (32%) are Republicans, 4,116 (19%) are Democrats, 290 are Libertarians, and 83 belong to the Constitution Party. Latah is one of seven Idaho counties where non-affiliated voters do outnumber Republicans. Like every Idaho county, Democrats rank third in terms of registered voter strength. In the state, Latah ranks fourth in percentage of non-affiliated voters, second in the lowest percentage of Republicans, and third in percentage of Democrats.
From January 2014 to January 2016, Republicans increased their share of Latah voters by 9.88% while Democrats increased their share of voters by 7.23%. This trend is consistent with the three-year statewide trend where Republicans increased their overall share of voters by 15.6%, compared to 3.23% for Democrats. The county ranks ninth for total number of registered voters and fifth within the 1st Congressional District.
Latah was one of two Idaho counties to vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016 with 8,093 votes (44.5%), compared to 7,265 (40.0%) for Donald Trump and 2,798 (15.5%) for various
Similar to statewide results, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas carried Latah County in the Republican primary of 2016, and Donald Trump trailed by 1,208 votes. of Vermont won the Democratic county caucus with 84% of the vote.
County residents voted Republican in the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections, but at a lower rate than the rest of the state. George W. Bush carried Latah County in 2000 with 53.3% of the vote, but fell to 49.5% in 2004 as the Democratic share increased from 37.0% to 48.0%. Ralph Nader received 6.5% of the vote in 2000, but was not on the ballot in 2004. Barack Obama carried the county 51.9% to 45.1% in 2008 over John McCain, and won 49.6% to 45.3% in 2012 over Mitt Romney.
In 2006, Latah County voted 55.05% against HJR 2, which amended the Idaho Constitution to outlaw same-sex marriage; the measure passed with 63.35% of the statewide vote. Blaine County, with the resort area of Sun Valley and the state's sole Democratic stronghold (since 1992), was the only other county to reject HJR 2.
On the precinct level, Democrats generally carry the university city of Moscow by moderate margins, and the rural remainder of the county is strongly Republican.
The county is part of the first congressional district and is joined with Benewah County (to the north) in the fifth legislative district at the state level.
Flora and fauna
There are numerous species of plants and animals within Latah County. There are a variety of tree species within the county including Western White Pine. Faunal species include the Clay-colored sparrow and Rough-Skinned Newt.
Communities
Cities
Census-designated place
Princeton
Unincorporated communities
Ghost towns
Source:
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Latah County, Idaho
Footnotes
Further reading
John M. Henderson and William S. Shiach, with Harry B. Averill, An Illustrated History of North Idaho: Embracing Nez Perces, Idaho, Latah, Kootenai and Shoshone Counties, State of Idaho. n.c. [Chicago]: Western Historical Publishing Co., 1903.
External links
State of Idaho – Latah County
Latah County Historical Society
Latah Trail Foundation
National Register of Historic Places – Latah County
Idaho counties
Idaho placenames of Native American origin
1888 establishments in Idaho Territory
Populated places established in 1888
Jasper County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 9,698. Its county seat is Newton.
History
Jasper County was formed in 1831 out of Clay and Crawford Counties. It was named for Sgt. William Jasper, a Revolutionary War hero from South Carolina. During the defense of Fort Moultrie in 1776, the staff of the American flag was shot away. Sgt. Jasper attached the flag to a pole and stood on the wall waving the flag at the British until a new staff was erected.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Newton have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Adjacent counties
Cumberland County – north
Clark County – northeast
Crawford County – east
Richland County – south
Clay County – southwest
Effingham County – west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 9,698 people, 3,940 households, and 2,800 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,345 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.6% white, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.1% black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 39.5% were German, 12.5% were American, 11.0% were Irish, and 9.1% were English.
Of the 3,940 households, 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.1% were married couples living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.9% were non-families, and 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 42.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $46,546 and the median income for a family was $53,034. Males had a median income of $39,167 versus $24,856 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,467. About 6.3% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.6% of those under age 18 and 5.1% of those aged 65 or over.
Education
Jasper County is largely served by Jasper County Community Unit School District 1, which is based in its county seat, Newton. Five of the district's six schools are located in Jasper County. Saint Thomas Catholic School is a private elementary school, also in Newton.
Communities
City
Newton (seat)
Villages
Hidalgo
Rose Hill
Ste. Marie
Wheeler
Willow Hill
Yale
Unincorporated communities
Bogota
Boos
Hunt City
Island Grove
Latona
West Liberty
Townships
Jasper County is divided into eleven townships:
Crooked Creek
Fox
Grandville
Grove
Hunt City
North Muddy
Sainte Marie
Smallwood
South Muddy
Wade
Willow Hill
Notable residents
Glenn Brummer, baseball catcher for the Major League Baseball St. Louis Cardinals and Texas Rangers; member of the 1982 World Champion Cardinals
Irene Hunt, author of the classic Across Five Aprils
Albert Isley, Illinois judge, lawyer, and state senator
Burl Ives, folk singer, author, and actor
Ross Wolf, baseball pitcher; plays for the SK Wyverns of the Korea Baseball Championship; formerly played for several Major League Baseball teams
Politics
Jasper is politically a fairly typical "anti-Yankee" Southern Illinois county. Opposition to the "Yankee" Republican Party and that party's Civil War meant that Jasper County voted solidly Democratic until isolationist sentiment drove its voters to Warren G. Harding in 1920.
Since the New Deal, the county has shown a steady trend away from the Democratic Party due to major shifts in that party's views – initially on economic policies, and since the 1990s on social issues. Only one Democrat – Lyndon Johnson in their 1964 landslide – has won a majority since 1940, and as is typical of the Upland South, Barack Obama in 2012 and Hillary Clinton did far worse than any previous Democrat.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jasper County, Illinois
References
External links
Jasper County Genealogy Trails
Jasper County Genweb
http://www.southeastillinois.com
Illinois counties
1831 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1831
Anthony Quinn Pullard (born June 23, 1966) is an American retired professional basketball player born in DeQuincy, Louisiana. They were a 6'10" (2.08 cm) 235 lb (111 kg) forward and played collegiately at McNeese State University from 1985 to 1990. They also attended Odessa Junior College but did not play competitive basketball. They were named Sports Illustrated Player of the Week for March 5, 1990, after averaging 27.7 points and 13.3 rebounds in three wins, highlighted by a 35-point, 18-rebound performance in a 60–54 victory over North Texas on March 3, 1990.
Pullard signed with the Philadelphia 76ers of the NBA but was waived in July 1990. They signed with the Milwaukee Bucks in August, 1992, and played 8 games with them in the 1992-93 season, averaging 2.1 points and 1.0 rebound per contest. They were waived in January, 1993. Days later, they were signed by the Rockford Lightning of the CBA. According to the Canadian-based Latinbasket website, Pullard last played professionally in Ciudad Victoria, Mexico, in 1999.
References
External links
Anthony Pullard NBA stats, basketballreference.com
Anthony Pullard college stats, sportsstats.com
1966 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in Mexico
American expatriate basketball people in Portugal
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American expatriate basketball people in Uruguay
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Louisiana
CB Girona players
Leuven Bears players
Liga ACB players
McNeese State Cowboys basketball players
Milwaukee Bucks players
People from DeQuincy, Louisiana
Power forwards (basketball)
Rockford Lightning players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
"Girls' School" is a song by Wings released in 1977.
Recording and release
Written and produced by Paul McCartney during the first sessions for London Town (before recording was stopped due to Linda McCartney's pregnancy), it was released as a double A-side single with "Mull of Kintyre". Accordingly, it was part of the band's sole UK number one, spending nine weeks at the top in December 1977 and January 1978.
Although "Mull of Kintyre" was initially the more air-played song, the AA side was latterly supported by broadcasters including Radio Luxembourg which helped the single sustain its reign at the top of the charts until the beginning of February 1978. "Girls' School" was in complete contrast to its flip side, being an uptempo rock song.
In the United States, "Girls' School" was the more prominently played side, but it only reached #33 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #34 in Canada.
Personnel
Paul McCartney – bass, lead vocals, percussion, guitar, piano, keyboards
Linda McCartney – piano, percussion, vocals
Denny Laine – guitar, percussion, vocals
Jimmy McCulloch – guitar, backing vocals
Joe English – drums, percussion
References
Guinness Book of British Hit Singles - 14th Edition -
Paul McCartney songs
1977 singles
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Paul McCartney and Wings songs
Songs written by Paul McCartney
Song recordings produced by Paul McCartney
Music published by MPL Music Publishing
1977 songs
Christmas number-one singles in the United Kingdom
"It's a Beautiful Thing", also known as "Love Is a Beautiful Thing", is a country music song co-written by American songwriters Jeffrey Steele and Craig Wiseman. The first version of this song was released on September 14, 1999, by Canadian singer Paul Brandt from their 1999 album That's the Truth, from which it was released as a single in both Canada and the United States. Eight years later, American singer Phil Vassar covered the song under the title "Love Is a Beautiful Thing" on their album Prayer of a Common Man. Vassar's version reached its peak of #2 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in mid-2008.
Content
The song is a moderate up-tempo detailing the various events of a wedding. The verses primarily list actions by the various relatives who have gathered for the event, such as young children horseplaying in the pews, and an aunt who arrived because their "sister's girl" is getting married. In the chorus, the narrator observes that "love is a beautiful thing".
Paul Brandt version
The first version of this song was released as by Canadian singer Paul Brandt under the title "It's a Beautiful Thing". It was included on Brandt's 1999 album That's the Truth, and was their last Top 40 country hit in the United States. It was also a #13 hit for them on the Canadian country charts.
Chart performance
Year-end charts
Phil Vassar version
Phil Vassar covered the song in 2007 under the title of "Love Is a Beautiful Thing". Their rendition was the second single released from their 2008 album Prayer of a Common Man. Their version includes a few minor lyrical changes, such as "Uncle Joe and Uncle Jake / Haven't spoken since '98", instead of "…haven't spoken since '88." Also, while Brandt's version ends in a fade-out, with them still singing, Vassar's version ends with a cold piano outro.
Chart performance
Year-end charts
Music video
The music video for Vassar's version features scenes of them playing a piano in front of various wedding pictures. This video was directed by Peter Zavadil.
External links
Phil Vassar music video at YouTube
References
1999 singles
2007 singles
Country ballads
2000s ballads
Phil Vassar songs
Songs written by Jeffrey Steele
Songs written by Craig Wiseman
Music videos directed by Peter Zavadil
Paul Brandt songs
Show Dog-Universal Music singles
Reprise Records singles
Song recordings produced by Mark Wright (record producer)
Song recordings produced by Chris Farren (country musician)
1999 songs
Songs about marriage
Henrik Harlev Petersen (or Henrik Petersen, Henrik Harlev) is a Danish wheelchair curler.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
Danish male curlers
Danish wheelchair curlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Chiasmia emersaria is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Francis Walker in 1861. It is found in India, Nepal, northern Thailand, China, Sri Lanka, Japan and the Ryukyu Islands.
Description
The wingspan is about 32 mm in the male and 40 mm in the female. Outer margin of forewing prominently angled at vein 4. Hind tibia of male dilated. Body grey irrorated (sprinkled) with pale and dark brown. Abdomen with dark spots on dorsum. Forewings with subbasal dark speck. Indistinct oblique antemedial, medial, and postmedial lines angled below costa and arising from rufous patches or short bands on costa. There is a dark speck found at the end of the cell. The postmedial line with a costal rufous patch beyond it and disintegrated dark patch at vein 4. Outer area slightly darker and margin rufous below apex. Hindwing with indistinct antemedial line. Dark spot found at the end of the cell. There is a dark waved postmedial line, with rufous and grey suffusion beyond it. A marginal dark line is present. Both wings with the veins of pale outer area. Ventral side with broad rufous postmedial band with crenulate outer edge.
References
Macariini
Moths of Japan
Pokrovka () is a rural locality (a village) in Starosharashlinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 17 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Pokrovka is located 5 km north of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Verkhnetroitskoye is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
2010 Roasso Kumamoto season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Roasso Kumamoto
Roasso Kumamoto seasons
Playground is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani, which features their generally acoustic-based approach being transformed by the addition of synthesizers and electric bass guitar in the ensemble, as well as a more funk-rhythm driven approach to the music.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating, "Actually, all 11 of Michel Petrucciani's originals are worth hearing and, despite the brief playing time of this CD, it is recommended."
Track listing
All tracks composed by Michel Petrucciani, except as noted
"September Second" - 4:42
"Home" - 5:26
"P'Tit Louis" - 4:42
"Miles Davis' Licks" - 4:27
"Rachid" - 3:25
"Brazilian Suite #3" - 2:33
"Play School" - 3:03
"Contradictions" - 2:57
"Laws of Physics" (Adam Holzman) - 4:44
"Piango, Pay The Man" - 1:52
"Like That" - 1:37
Personnel
Michel Petrucciani - piano and synthesizers; arrangements
Adam Holzman - synthesizer and synthesizer programming; co-arranger
Omar Hakim - drums (all tracks except tracks 5 and 10)
Steve Thornton - percussion
Anthony Jackson - bass guitar
Aldo Romano - drums (track 5 only)
References
1991 albums
Michel Petrucciani albums
Blue Note Records albums
Andrea Tummiolo (born 20 March 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays for Igea Virtus.
External links
http://www.tuttocalciatori.net/Tummiolo_Andrea
1984 births
Living people
People from Sciacca
Italian footballers
A.C.R. Messina players
Valenzana Mado players
Serie A players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Sicily
Sportspeople from the Province of Agrigento
William H. Hunter (died 1842) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1837 to 1839.
Biography
Born in Frankfort, Kentucky, Hunter completed preparatory studies and later studied law. They were admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Tiffin, Ohio. They moved to Norwalk, Ohio, about 1825 and continued the practice of their profession for several years. They subsequently moved to Sandusky, Ohio, and was appointed collector of customs there in 1835.
Hunter was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1837 – March 3, 1839).
Hunter died under mysterious circumstances near Sandusky in 1842. They were interred in the Cholera Cemetery.
Sources
1842 deaths
Politicians from Frankfort, Kentucky
Politicians from Sandusky, Ohio
People from Norwalk, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Year of birth unknown
Zatrephes cruciata is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana, Venezuela and Brazil.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
FC Vahonobudivnyk Kremenchuk is a Ukrainian amateur football club from Kremenchuk. It is a factory team of the Kryukiv Railway Car Building Works based at the right-bank neighborhood of Kremenchuk.
Previously the team (club) was known as Dzerzhynets and Avanhard.
League and cup history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|}
Honours
Poltava Oblast
Winners (4): 1948, 1952, 1955, 1965, 1970
References
Football clubs in Kremenchuk
Amateur football clubs in Ukraine
Association football clubs established in 1949
1949 establishments in Ukraine
The Renault Sport Spider is a roadster produced by the French automaker Renault Sport (a subsidiary of Renault) between 1996 and 1999.
Project
The idea for the Renault Spider was formulated in the early 1990s: in the midst of a revival after a difficult second half of the 1980s, Renault wanted a car to promote it as a sporting brand (similar to the Renault 5 Turbo from a decade earlier). The Spider was intended to both serve as a racing car, in a one-make series organized by Renault, and as a road car. The first prototypes for Project W94, as it was known at the time, were completed in mid-1994 and a concept version was presented to the public at the Geneva Motor Show a year later. The car went on sale in early 1996, assembled at the Alpine factory in Dieppe. Left hand drive versions were first produced with an aeroscreen device the same as the race cars. In 1997, a version with a full glass windscreen and wiper was made available.
Approximately 1800 cars were produced through 1999. The UK market only imported the windscreen version and 100 right hand drive cars were produced. The naturally aspirated 2-litre F7R engine produces .
The Spider was the first ever road car badged as a Renault Sport and the Brand name has subsequently been used for all high performance Renault cars that are developed by the Renault Sport division which is a separate company with the Renault-Nissan Alliance.
Features
Designed from the outset as a driver's car, the chassis was made of aluminium for its combination of low weight and substantial strength, while the actual bodywork is a plastic composite. Unusually, the Spider did not have a roof, either folding or hard-top. The gearbox and the engine were one unit transversally fixed in an oscillating hinge (an arrangement inspired by aeronautical design), which all but eradicated the interference of engine vibration with the chassis, and the pedals of the Spider were adjustable as well as the seat so the driver could achieve a better driving position. Power for the Spider came from a version of the 2-litre F7R engine from the Clio Williams and Mégane Coupe, producing . Either a windscreen or a small wind deflector was fitted, with the driver wearing a helmet in vehicles without a windscreen.
Spider in motorsport
From the outset the Spider was intended to be the basis for a new one-car racing series. Renault had been running these championships since the early 80s with the 5 Turbo, 21 Turbos, and Clio models. A special Spider Trophy edition was designed and built for the purpose, with the engine tuned to produce . The Spider championships ran for several years as support series to larger championships such as the British Touring Car Championship (in which it is remembered for having produced one of that series' top drivers of recent years, Jason Plato, who won 11 out of 14 races in the inaugural year of the UK Spider Cup). In 1999 Andy Priaulx beat Plato's record of eight successive race wins in the Spiders by taking a clean sweep of 13 wins in all 13 races. They also qualified for each one on pole position and took the fastest laps in all but two of the events.
Motorsport specification
Power: 143.9 kW (210 bhp) @ 6000 rpm, torque 184.4 Nm (136.0 lb·ft) @ 4500 rpm
Redline: 6800 rpm
Weight:
Front brakes: 300 mm (11.8 in), front wheels 40.6 × 20.3 cm (16.0 × 8.0 in), tire size 205/50VR-16
Rear brakes: 310 mm (12.2 in), rear wheels 40.6 × 22.9 cm (16.0 × 9.0 in), tire size 225/50VR-16
Transmission: 6-speed Sadev sequential
Top speed: ~, 0– ~5.8 seconds, mile ~14.1 seconds
References
External links
Renault Sport Spider German Website—Offering photos and videos. International Spider Register
RenaultSportClub - Anything from R5 Alpine to R.S. Clio 220T Trophy
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Spider
Roadsters
Sports racing cars
Cars introduced in 1996
Sergei Vladimirovich Borovsky (; ) (born 29 January 1956) is a football coach and former player.
Career
During their club career they played for FC Dinamo Minsk. They earned 21 caps for the USSR national football team, and participated in the 1982 FIFA World Cup. They won the Soviet Union premier league in 1982.
Managerial career
They managed the Belarus national football team from 1994 to 1996 and from 1999 to 2000.
From 2016 till May 2017 they managed Dinamo Minsk.
Honours
As player
Dinamo Minsk
Soviet Top League champion: 1982
As coach
Metallurg Molodechno
Belarusian SSR League champion: 1991
Soviet Amateur Cup winner: 1991
Sheriff Tiraspol
Moldovan Cup winner: 1998–99
FBK Kaunas
A Lyga champion: 2003
Shakhtyor Soligorsk
Belarusian Cup winner: 2013–14
References
External links
Profile (in Russian)
1956 births
Living people
Footballers from Minsk
Soviet footballers
Belarusian footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
1982 FIFA World Cup players
FC Dinamo Minsk players
Soviet Top League players
Soviet football managers
Belarusian football managers
Belarusian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Latvia
Expatriate football managers in Moldova
Expatriate football managers in Lithuania
Expatriate football managers in Ukraine
Expatriate football managers in Kazakhstan
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Latvia
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Moldova
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Lithuania
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
FC Molodechno managers
Belarus national football team managers
FK Ventspils managers
FC Sheriff Tiraspol managers
FC Torpedo Minsk managers
FBK Kaunas managers
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia managers
FC Belshina Bobruisk managers
FC Vėtra managers
FC Dynamo Brest managers
FC SKVICH Minsk managers
FC Vitebsk managers
Kazakhstan national under-21 football team managers
FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk managers
FC Dinamo Minsk managers
Association football defenders
Moldovan Super Liga managers
is a free manga and light novel web magazine published by Mag Garden and formerly distributed by Yahoo! Comics Japan (Now MAGCOMI). It was launched on September 18, 2009, under the name , about a year after on October 8, 2010, the name was changed to EDEN. EDEN (short for Everybody Delightful Entertainment Network) distributes original manga and light novel content, while Blade Comic Archive redistributes selected works published from Monthly Comic Blade to be viewed online for a limited time. The development of the web magazine also led Mag Garden to collaborate on a joint project with Toei Animation.
Currently it is distributed on Mag Gardens free manga site called MAGCOMI, and functions as a label.
Serialized media
Manga
Ashi Tsuma Monogatari (Julie Okamoto)
Captain Yamada (Kenji Sonishi)
Cha no Namida ~Larmes de the'~ (Kaeru Minamo)
Chiku-Chiku Nui-Nui (Yamato Hazaki)
Domino (Note Tono)
Dounimo Kounimo (Naoko Kusaka)
Fukinshin-chan (Yuu Nagashima)
Gokuraku Nagaya (Tetuzoh Okadaya)
Jockey (Takeshi Matsuki; art by Yoshimi Kurata)
High-Leg Panda (UrumaDelvi, Kanko Amanatsu)
Hon no Koi Nado (Koma Kawakami)
Irochigai (Izumi Okaya)
Kanbi Danshi (Yū Shimizu)
Kētai Sōsakan 7 ~rare metal hearts~ Sonna Anata ga Suki Dakara (Miyako Tachikawa)
Ketsu-Inu (LifeStyleTSUNODA)
Kikumon Koukou Mote Bu (Zecchou)
Kinakomochi (Iko Kimura)
Kohi Ikaga Deshou (Misato Konari)
Mayple-san no Koucha Jikan (Kuuta Aoi)
Metro (Chika Ishikawa)
Mousou no Aki (Tarako)
Musunde Hiraite (Mayu Minase)
Nantoka Yattemasu. (LifeStyleTSUNODA)
Neko Ramen Monogatari: Koneko no Thomas (Kenji Sonishi)
Nigakute Amai (Yumio Kobayashi)
Nōgyō Musume! (Minori Kagura)
Nōgyō Musume! ~Ibuki no Farmer's Life~ (Tooru Makari)
One Off (Junichi Sato, art by Mahito Ōta)
Remake (Ikumi Rotta)
Shin Bukatsudou (Rie Nishida)
Suki Mameshi (Izumi Okaya)
Tamayura (Junichi Sato; art by momo)
Tamayura: Hitotose (Junichi Sato; art by momo)
Taranome Koukou Suisou Gaku-Bu (Seiji Takanashi)
Tokyo Yoga Girls (Reinina)
Tsubakisou 101 Goushitsu (Yūko Uramoto)
Uchi to Okan. (Yu Yabuuchi)
Yome-san wa Moe Mangaka (Koge-Donbo*)
"Production I.G×Mag Garden" Comic Award
Japanese Family (Fumitake Shiraishi)
Rojiura Neon (Yumio Kobayashi)
Kuon no Higashi (Masatoru Yokoya)
Light Novels
Akuma no Fukuin (Shion Asakawa)
Kyouka no Youkai Senki (Goru Koganei)
Meidonoana: Hagoromo wa Kaeri Kitariki! (Miruka Sakamoto)
Blade Comic Archive
Elemental Gelade (Mayumi Azuma)
Naki Shōjo no Tame no Pavane (Koge-Donbo)
The Mythical Detective Loki (Sakura Kinoshita)
Shinsengumi Imon Peacemaker'' (Nanae Chrono)
See also
pixiv
Web Comic
Monthly Comic Blade
Monthly Comic Avarus
References
External links
Official EDEN website
Yahoo! Book Store EDEN Page
Yahoo! Book Store SMILE EDEN Page
MG×TA (Mag Garden×Toei Animation) Joint Project Web Page
2009 establishments in Japan
Anime and manga magazines
Magazines established in 2009
Mag Garden magazines
Free magazines
Magazines published in Tokyo
Online magazines
In enzymology, a 2-chloro-4-carboxymethylenebut-2-en-1,4-olide isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
cis-2-chloro-4-carboxymethylenebut-2-en-1,4-olide trans-2-chloro-4-carboxymethylenebut-2-en-1,4-olide
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, cis-2-chloro-4-carboxymethylenebut-2-en-1,4-olide, and one product, trans-2-chloro-4-carboxymethylenebut-2-en-1,4-olide.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically cis-trans isomerases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-chloro-4-carboxymethylenebut-2-en-1,4-olide cis-trans-isomerase. Other names in common use include 2-chlorocarboxymethylenebutenolide isomerase, and chlorodienelactone isomerase. This enzyme participates in 1,4-dichlorobenzene degradation.
References
EC 5.2.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Edward Lyons (1926–2010) was a British politician.
Edward Lyons may also refer to:
Edward F. Lyons Jr. (1899–1990), World War II veteran who supported the prosecution of German war criminals
Edward H. Lyons (1855–1920), American business person, farmer, and politician
Eddie Lyons (1886–1926), film actor, director and screenwriter
Eddie Lyons (footballer) (1920–1996), English footballer
Ed Lyons (1923–2009), American baseball player
Ned Lyons (c. 1839–1906), Irish-American gangster
See also
Ed Lyon, British tenor
Edward E. Lyon (1871–1931), Medal of Honor recipient
Edmund Lyons (disambiguation)
Lyons (surname)
The Queendom of Sol is a science fiction book series by Wil McCarthy. It includes:
The Collapsium (2000) — Sturgeon Award finalist as a short story and nominated for 2002 Nebula Award for Best Novel.
The Wellstone (2003)
Lost in Transmission (2004)
To Crush the Moon (2005) — Nominated for 2007 Nebula Award for Best Novel
The first two novels of the series was also printed together as The Monarchs of Sol by Science Fiction Book Club ().
The Queendom referred to is actually the present-day Kingdom of Tonga. In the Queendom of Sol, humanity has returned to monarchism as a stabilizing force in the face of accelerating technological change.
References
Science fiction book series
Stockholder of record is the name of an individual or entity shareholder that an issuer carries in its shareholder register as the registered holder (not necessarily the beneficial owner) of the issuer's securities. Dividends and other distributions are paid only to shareholders of record. Stockholder of record may be also called shareholder of record or holder of record or owner of record.
References
Securities (finance)
İncili Çavuş or Mustafa Çavuş was a figure of comic wisdom during the Ottoman era. They may possibly have been a real person.
Their birth date is not known. There are several theories about their birthplace. According to Kayseri Ansiklopedisi, they were born in the village of Tırafşın, now called İncili of Tomarza District in Kayseri Province.
Their fıkras (jokes) were collected by Süleyman Tevfik (Zorluoğlu) at the first time in the early Republican period, 1923. According to Abdülbaki Gölpınarlı, Çavuş's treatise, that had been addressed to Sheikh ul-Islam at the time and written in both Arabic and Turkish languages, was found in Kayseri in 1933–1934. In two small treatises in a volume, it was mentioned that the name of Muhammad were passed in the Bible (Turkish: İncil). In this way, they gave them the nickname "İncili" (with Bible).
As to another tale, Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent (reigned 1520–1566) was very pleased with Mustafa's showing extraordinary proficiency in an archery contest that was participated by their princes, and said to Mustafa, "I'm giving you the rank of a Çavuş (a high rank in the palace). And to be able to distinguish you from other çavuşes and to show your superiority over others, I'm attaching a pearl to your turban." After this affair, their name Mustafa was forgotten and they began to be called "İncili".
According to Mustafa Enhoş, they were referred in the History of Naima as a member of the Dergâhı Âlî in 1615. According to Sennur Sezer and Adnan Özyalçıner, they were one of Musahibs of Sultan Ahmed I (reignrd 1603–1617) and was sent to Safavid Persia as part of the Ottoman delegation (elçi). According to Kayseri Ansiklopedisi, some sources recorded that they accompanied İbrahim Çavuş, who was sent to Iran as ambassador, as "selam çavuşu" in 1626.
According to Cemil Asena's book Diyarbekir Tarihi ve Meşâhiri, they died in 1632–33. However, sources were unclear on the exact date.
See also
Nasreddin Hoca
Footnotes
References
Further reading
Dursun Yıldırım, Türk Edebiyatında Bektaşi Tipine Bağlı Fıkralar: İnceleme-Metin, Kültür Bakanlığı, 1976.
İncili Çavuş, İncili Çavuş'un Güzel Resimli Lâtifeleri, Bozkurt Kitap ve Basımevi, 1945.
Tahir Galip Serʼatlı, Mizahımızın Üç Ustası: Nasreddin Hoca, İncili Çavuş, Bekri Mustafa, Selis, 2004, .
1630s deaths
17th-century people of the Ottoman Empire
Humor and wit characters
Janissaries
People from Tomarza
People whose existence is disputed
Turkish folklore
Year of birth unknown
Knuckleball is a 2018 Canadian thriller film written, directed and co-produced by Michael Peterson. The movie was released on March 3, 2018, at the Cinequest Film & VR Festival.
Plot
Henry, a 12-year-old boy, finds out their family's dark legacy when their mysterious grandfather suddenly dies leaving them alone on an isolated farm.
Cast
Michael Ironside as Jacob
Munro Chambers as Dixon
Luca Villacis as Henry
Kathleen Munroe as Mary
Chenier Hundal as Paul
Release
Reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, Knuckleball has an approval rating of based on reviews. On Metacritic, another review aggregator which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 55 out of 100 based on 5 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Brad Wheeler from The Globe and Mail gave the movie 3 out of 4 starts, writing: "The Canadian-made creep-fest begins laboriously as co-writer/director Michael Peterson figures out how to rid the plot of any phones. (Every thrill-maker filmmaker has to deal with that pesky issue, but Peterson's methods are slower than a Macaulay Culkin growth-spurt.) Otherwise, Knuckleball does not flutter" Dennis Harvey writing for Variety stated: "Michael Peterson effectively earns suspension of disbelief with stark atmospherics, solid performances and a persuasive escalation of panic." Noel Murray from the Los Angeles Times called "Knuckleball"" "effective" and said: "This is a tautly constructed exercise in suspense, set among striking-looking snowbound fields and farmhouses. It's a vivid slice-of-life, even before the literal slicing begins."
Accolades
"Knuckleball" won the 2019 AMPIA Awards in the category of "Best Screenwriter (Drama over 30 minutes)" and was nominated for the same award in the categories of "Best Dramatic Feature" and "Best Director(Drama over 30 minutes)"
References
External links
Canadian thriller films
English-language Canadian films
2018 thriller films
2010s English-language films
2010s Canadian films
Crowd Media, previously Crowd Mobile, is an Australian and European-based artificial intelligence business with a focus on media technology for mobile and smart device applications centred around conversational commerce. The company is publicly listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
Domenic Carosa launched the company in 2009 with a mobile app that focused on providing crowd sourced expert answers to customer questions.
Crowd Mobile was listed on the Australian Securities Exchange in 2015 and raised AU$3.8 million in pre-IPO funding in the same year.
Service
Crowd Media's artificial intelligence (AI) leverages its databank which has been accumulating data on human-to-human conversations since 2009. These human interactions provide the underlying data that delivers Crowd Media's conversational AI services which enable computer-to-human conversations in real time.
Having accumulated the bank of conversations, Crowd Media's conversational AI is a B2B service where Crowd delivers conversational AI capabilities to its clients, enabling them to automate customer service, marketing and education with interactive capability that corresponds with audio and visual elements.
Crowd Media also owns and operates several crowdsourced Q&A mobile apps and SMS-based services in its portfolio under the Crowd Mobile division. It provides customers with answers from experts for around AU$2 or more depending on the complexity of the question and/or the answer.
The fee to the customer is split depending on which app store it was downloaded from. A percentage will go to either Apple or Google and the telecommunications service. After the initial deductions, Crowd Mobile retains between 35% and 75% of the fee paid.
Crowd Media's artificial intelligence platform is further supported by its partners that specialise in different elements of media technology, including a 10% equity stake in Spain-based synthetic audio company, Aflorithmic Labs.
History
Domenic Carosa founded Crowd Mobile in 2009 after leaving their previous role with the Destra Corporation. The mobile app was created so users could pay to ask experts to answer their questions, with each question billed at a set amount. In 2014, the company's financials showed that Crowd Mobile had processed more than 3.4 million questions. The total questions generated AU$9.8 million in revenue, which gave the company a gross income of AU$2.2 million for the financial year.
According to an article in ZDNet, the company had expanded to operate in 13 countries by 2015. During the same year, Q Limited acquired the Australian company in a reverse-takeover. Shortly after the takeover, the company raised AU$3.8 million in pre-IPO funding prior to its IPO listing. It was reported that Artesian Venture Partners' crowdfunding platform VentureCrowd was responsible for AU$363,000 of the pre-IPO funding.
During the same year, plans were announced for Crowd Mobile to diversify into the micro job market. Following the IPO their 2015 market capitalisation was set at AU$15 million, after originally being listed at 20c a share.
Crowd Mobile announced shortly after the IPO that it would be acquiring the Dutch firm, Track Holdings, for a reported AU$35 million. Additional funding was also raised during the same year, with AU$2 million raised from a round of funding. Any Questions Answered (AQA Mobile) was also acquired for $165,000.
In March 2016, Crowd Mobile announced a partnership deal with Newzulu. The partnership service will allow citizen journalists, photographers and videographers to submit news content via an app that has been developed in partnership with Newzulu.
In December 2018, Crowd Mobile changed its name to Crowd Media while retaining its corporate structure as a public listed company.
In August 2019, Crowd Media secured a AU $3.7 million investment from a European Consortium led by South African business person Steven Schapera, a co-founder of BECCA Cosmetics. After expanding BECCA to more than 35 countries around the world, they exited when the business was sold to Estee Lauder for a reported US $200 million. Following the investment in Crowd Media, Schapera was appointed Chairman of the company.
In January 2021, Domenic Carosa resigned from their role as CEO of Crowd Media to concentrate on other blockchain-related ventures which included Banxa, a cryptocurrency on-boarding platform that they co-founded and held the role of Chairman. Other blockchain businesses with links to Carosa include Earnity, Apollo Capital, Blockmate Ventures, Hivello and Midpoint.
During Schapera's tenure, Crowd Media underwent a transformational change to leverage its database of human-to-human conversations into artificial intelligence capable of engaging in human-to-computer conversations. This transformation was announced by Schapera following their appointment as Chairman as a 3-year-plan that would culminate in commercialisation of the new conversational AI platform by 2022.
In September 2021, Crowd Media confirmed the appointment of Idan Schmorak as CEO. This was followed by the Company announcing its first revenue-generating client for its conversational AI platform when contracted by South African healthcare company PangeaMed for a telehealth solution to assist medical professionals address patient queries using artificial intelligence.
References
Companies listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
Joseph Marcel Belliveau (January 29, 1895 – May 29, 1964) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. In 1913-14, they played with the Halifax Crescents of the Maritime Professional Hockey Association, scoring 21 goals in 24 games.
They played left wing for one game with the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey Association in 1914-15. After being released by the Canadiens they returned east and played with the Sydney Millionaires of the Eastern Professional Hockey League.
In 1915, they joined the Canadian army in Europe and was severely wounded in the battle of the Somme. After the war they settled in Dorchester, New Brunswick. They coached the Dorchester college team to provincial championships in 1927 and 1928.
References
1895 births
1964 deaths
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Ice hockey people from New Brunswick
Montreal Canadiens (NHA) players
Sportspeople from Moncton
Chaetodon argentatus, the Asian butterflyfish, three band butterflyfish or black pearlscaled butterflyfish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish a butterflyfish belonging to the family Chaetodontidae. It is native to the western Pacific Ocean.
Description
Chaetodon argentatus has a silver coloured body which is marked by a mesh of diagonal black lines creating a net like pattern. There are also two black saddle marks with a black vertical band at the rear of the body running from the soft rayed part of the dorsal fin to the equivalent part of the anal fin. There are 13-14 spines and 21-22 soft rays in the dorsal fin while the anal fin contains 3 spines and 15-16 soft rays. This species attains a maximum total length of .
Distribution
Chaetodon argentatus is found in the Western Pacific where it is distributed from the Ryukyu and Izu Islands of southern Japan south to the northern Philippines and east to Taiwan.
Habitat and biology
Chaetodon argentatus can be found over the outer slopes of coral or rocky reefs and drop-offs. Off southern Japan it lives over rocky areas, but in the more southerly parts of its distribution it has an association with coral reefs. They are typically observed in pairs or small schools. It is an oviparous species which forms pairs to breed. These fish are omnivorous and feed on filamentous algae, crustaceans, worms, sponges, bivalves, soft and stony corals, hydroids and other invertebrates.
Taxonomy
Chaetodon argentatus was first formally described in 1911 by the American ichthyologists Hugh McCormick Smith (1865-1941) and Lewis Radcliffe (1880-1950) with the type locality given as Agojo Point on the Catanduanes Islands off southern Luzon Island in the Philippines. It has hybridised in the wild, off southern Japan, with to crosshatch butterflyfish (Chaetodon xanthurus).
Utilisation
Chaetodon argentatus is uncommon in the aquarium trade outside Japan, although relatively easy to maintain in an aquarium its comparatively muted colouration means it is not as popular as its congeners.
References
External links
argentatus
Fish described in 1911
Kev Hopgood (born 25 August 1961) is a British comic artist who has been drawing comic books since 1984. They specialise in artwork for science fiction and fantasy comics.
Biography
Hopgood started their career in British comics getting work at 2000 AD and Marvel UK from the mid-1980s onwards on titles like Tharg's Future Shocks, Spider-Man and Zoids, and Action Force.
At Marvel Comics in the early-1990s, they were the main artist on Iron Man where, with writer Len Kaminski, they created War Machine (James Rhodes had appeared earlier, but the alias "War Machine" and the armour were created by Hopgood/Kaminski). War Machine later received their own eponymous series and appeared in the feature films Iron Man and Iron Man 2.
Hopgood took a break from comics following their Iron Man run, working in computer games for three years. Their most notable credit during this time is on the space shooter Blast Radius published by Psygnosis. Hopgood returned to British comics in the mid-late 1990s with a run on the rebooted Harlem Heroes story at 2000 AD and the Warhammer Fantasy series Darkblade for Games Workshop with writer Dan Abnett. They worked again with Abnett on the Warhammer 40,000 comic Exterminatus at Boom! Studios, where they also worked on Defenders of Ultramar with Graham McNeill.
Their most recent comics work includes the Roman monster hunter story Legion Zero for Aces Weekly, a Doctor Who is a story for IDW and The Man from the Ministry written by Gordon Rennie and appearing in the Judge Dredd Megazine. They revisited War Machine recently with a "cutaway" style illustration for the Marvel Fact Files published by Eaglemoss. Hopgood continues to work as a freelance illustrator working primarily for children's and educational publishers.
Bibliography
Comics work includes:
"Dragon" (script and art, in The Mighty World of Marvel vol. 2 No. 13, Marvel UK, June 1984)
Tharg's Future Shocks:
"Grainger in Paradise" (with Peter Milligan, in 2000 AD No. 426, July 1985, collected in The Best of Tharg's Future Shocks, 160 pages, Rebellion, 2008, )
"Wrong Number " (with G. Bell, in 2000 AD No. 512, March 1987)
"Zap!" (with Alex Stewart, in 2000 AD No. 518, April 1987)
"Marksman" (with Westley Smith, in 2000 AD No. 729, May 1991)
Spider-Man and Zoids (Marvel UK):
Spider-Man and Zoids(#1–4, 8–10, 15–17, 20, 23–25, 29, 32, March–October 1986)
"The Black Zoid" (with Grant Morrison, in #40–49, 1986–1987)
Action Force No. 2, 10, 13, 17, 19–20, 22 (pencils with writers Simon Furman (#2, 10), Mike Collins (#13, 17) and Ian Rimmer (#19–20, 22), Marvel UK, March–August 1987)
Doctor Who (pencils, collected in A Cold Day in Hell, 180 pages, Panini Comics, May 2009, ):
"Redemption" (with writer Simon Furman, and inks by Tim Perkins, in Doctor Who is a Magazine No. 134, March 1988)
"Claws of the Klathi" (with writer Mike Collins, and inks by David Hine, in Doctor Who is a Magazine #136–138, May–July 1988)
"Follow that TARDIS!" (with John Freeman, in Doctor Who is a Magazine No. 147, April 1989)
Night Zero (with John Brosnan):
"Night Zero" (in 2000 AD #607–616, December 1988 – March 1989)
"Beyond Zero" (in 2000 AD #630–634, 645–649 and 665–666, June 1989 – February 1990)
"Lost in Zero" (in 2000 AD Annual 1991, September 1990)
"Below Zero" (in 2000 AD #731–745, May–August 1991)
Judge Dredd:
"A Night at the Basho" (with John Wagner, in Judge Dredd Mega Special 1989, June 1989)
"Headbanger" (with Alan Grant, in 2000AD Annual 1990, October 1989)
"Roboblock" (with Simon Furman, in Judge Dredd Yearbook 1992, September 1991)
Dry Run (with Tise Vahimagi, in 2000 AD #688–699, July–October 1990)
Harlem Heroes (with Michael Fleisher):
"Harlem Heroes" (in 2000 AD No. 705, November 1990)
"Cyborg Death Trip" (pencils, with inks by Stewart Johnson (931–932) and Siku (933–939), in 2000 AD #928–939, February–May 1995)
Knights of Pendragon vol. 1 #7–8 (pencils, with Dan Abnett/Gary Erskine, Marvel UK, January–February 1991)
Strange Cases: "Demonspawn" (with Dave Stone, in Judge Dredd Yearbook 1992, September 1991)
Iron Man #280–288, 290–297, 299–306 (pencils, with Len Kaminski, Marvel Comics, May 1992 – July 1994)
Darkblade: Reign of Blood (with Dan Abnett, Black Library, 256 pages, 2005, ) includes:
Darkblade, Book One: Born of Blood (in Warhammer Monthly #5–6, July–September 1998, 64 pages, 2000, )
Darkblade, Book Two: World of Blood (in Warhammer Monthly #15–19, 20, May–September 1999, 96 pages, 2001, )
Darkblade, Book Three: Throne of Blood (96 pages, 2003, )
"War With Monster Isle" (with Al Ewing, in Marvel Heroes No. 2, Panini Comics, 2008)
Warhammer 40,000:
Exterminatus #1–2 (with writers Dan Abnett/Ian Edginton and co-artist Daniel Lapham, 5-issue mini-series, Boom! Studios, June–August 2008)
Defenders of Ultramar (with Graham McNeill, 4-issue mini-series, Boom Studios, November 2008 – February 2009)
Legion Zero (with Ferg Handley, in Aces Weekly, October 2012)
Doctor Who: Prisoners of Time 7 (with Scott & David Tipton, IDW ', July 2013)
Covers
2000 AD ##610, 616, 631, 642, 645, 657, 689, 697, 705, 938, 957 (1989–1995)
Warheads No. 3 (Marvel UK, 1992)
Iron Man #280–306 (Marvel, 1992–1994)
War Machine No. 9, 10, 12–13 (Marvel, 1994–1995)
Notes
References
Kev Hopgood at Lambiek's Comiclopedia
Kev Hopgood at Barney
External links
Kev Hopgood at the Beehive Illustration Agency
Kev Hopgood YouTube interview
1961 births
English comics artists
Games Workshop artists
Living people
Houstonne Radcliffe, D.D. (b Liverpool 1739 – d Canterbury 1822) was Archdeacon of Canterbury from 19 May 1803 until their death on 8 April 1822.
Radcliffe was educated at Brasenose College, Oxford, where they matriculated in 1758, graduating B.A. in 1761 and becoming a Fellow. They held livings at Gillingham, Kent, Mersham and Ickham.
References
1739 births
1822 deaths
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Fellows of Brasenose College, Oxford
Archdeacons of Canterbury
Clergy from Liverpool
Dario de Urra Torriente (born July 19, 1939) is a retired Cuban ambassador.
Career
From to they were Third Secretary and Attache Commercial in Algeria.
From to they were 1st Secretary then Chargé d'affaires in Brazzaville (People's Republic of the Congo).
From to they were Director of Africa and Middle East Department at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Cuba).
From to they were Vice-Consul in Kingston (Jamaica).
From to they were Adviser at the Embassy in Conakry (Guinea).
From to they were Head of the Middle East and North Africa Department at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Cuba).
From to they were Ambassador in Brazzaville (People's Republic of the Congo).
From to they were Vice-president of the Directorate "Afrique Noire".
In they were Ambassador in Victoria, Seychelles Seychelles Republic.
From to they were Ambassador in Kingston (Jamaica).
From to they were Vice-president of the Directorate "Afrique Noire".
In they were Ambassador in Guinea.
From to they were Ambassador in Tehran (Iran).
In they were Responsible of the Middle East and North Africa Departmrnt.
From to they were Ambassador in Beirut (Lebanon).
References
1939 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Cuba to the Republic of the Congo
Ambassadors of Cuba to Lebanon
Ambassadors of Cuba to Iran
Ambassadors of Cuba to Guinea
Ambassadors of Cuba to Jamaica
Ambassadors of Cuba to Seychelles
Border ruffians were proslavery raiders, crossing from the slave state of Missouri into the Kansas Territory, to help ensure Kansas entered the Union as a slave state. They were a key part of the violent period called Bleeding Kansas, that peaked from 1854 to 1858. Their crimes included fraudulent voting (falsely saying they were residents of Kansas), interference with elections, and raiding, intimidating, and destroying property of "Free-State" (anti-slavery) settlers. Some took pride in their criminal reputation. Many became pro-Confederate guerrillas, or bushwhackers.
Origin
The 1913 edition of Webster's Dictionary reflects the 19th century understanding of the word wikt:ruffian as a "scoundrel, rascal, or unprincipled, deceitful, brutal and unreliable person".
Among the first to use the term border ruffian in connection with the slavery issue in Kansas was the Herald of Freedom, a newspaper published in Lawrence, Kansas. On October 8, 1857, it reported the following:
Armed with revolvers and Bowie knives, border ruffians forcefully interfered in the Kansas row over slavery. A correspondent for the London Times while visiting Kansas in 1856 reported many occurrences of the so-called bowie-knife voting in Kansas when voters were heckled and harassed by border ruffians. In response, the New England Emigrant Aid Company shipped Sharps rifles to the Kansas Territory, in crates said to have been labeled "Bibles".
At that time, many Kansas settlers opposed slavery. However, slavery advocates were determined to have their way regardless. When elections were held, bands of armed border ruffians seized polling places, prevented Free-State men from voting, and cast votes illegally, falsely stating they were Kansas residents.
Border ruffians operated from Missouri. It was said that they voted and shot in Kansas, but slept in Missouri. They not only interfered in territorial elections, but also committed outrages on Free-State settlers and destroyed their property. This violence gave the origin of the phrase "Bleeding Kansas". However, political killings and violence were exercised by both warring sides.
The federal government did not interfere to stop the violence. Hence, such ignominious episodes as the sacking of Lawrence, Kansas, in May 1856 became possible. U.S. Senator David Rice Atchison (D-Missouri) personally incited the assembling mob:
Border ruffians contributed to the increasingly violent sectional tensions, culminating in the American Civil War.
Leaders and followers
Border ruffians did not constitute an organized group. They never had meetings, had no designated leaders, and no one ever directed any message to them as a body.
Border ruffians were driven by the rhetoric of politicians such as David Rice Atchison, Benjamin Franklin Stringfellow, John H. Stringfellow, editor of the pro-slavery newspaper Squatter Sovereign (Atchison, Kansas), and Speaker of the House in the First Kansas Territorial Legislature, the so-called Bogus Legislature. and Rev. Thomas Johnson, a Methodist preacher. Samuel J. Jones, and Daniel Woodson, a proslavery newspaper editor, In particular, Atchison called Northerners "negro thieves" and "abolitionist tyrants". They encouraged Missourians to defend their institution "with the bayonet and with blood" and, if necessary, "to kill every God-damned abolitionist in the district".
Few of the ordinary border ruffians actually owned slaves because most were too poor. Their motivation was hatred of Yankees and abolitionists, and fear of free Blacks living nearby. Kansas slavery was small-scale and operated mainly at the household level. Most of the Kansans, according to historian David M. Potter, were concerned primarily about land titles. They pointed out that, "the great anomaly of 'Bleeding Kansas' is that the slavery issue reached a condition of intolerable tension and violence ... in an area where a majority of the inhabitants apparently did not care very much one way or the other about slavery."
Frank W. Blackmar's encyclopedia of Kansas history summarizes how the rank-and-file among border ruffians took pride in both how they were called and what they were doing:
The presence of violent bands of both Kansan and Missourian combatants made it difficult for settlers on the Kansas–Missouri border to remain neutral.
History
The history of border ruffians is woven into the historical context of Bleeding Kansas, or the border war, a series of violent civil confrontations in Kansas in 1854–1859. Kansas Territory was created by the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854. The Act repealed the previous Federal prohibition on slavery in that area. Instead, the locally elected territorial legislature was to decide on the slavery issue.
The first territorial census, taken in January–February 1855, counted 8601 people; 2905 were deemed eligible to vote; there were 192 enslaved in the Territory.
After the Kansas–Nebraska Act repealed the Missouri Compromise of 1820 and allowed Kansans to vote on slavery, the opponents from both sides of the slavery debate started to recruit settlers to increase support of their causes.
Immigration to Kansas
Proslavery immigrants aided by the Lafayette Emigration Society, and anti-slavery settlers, established their own territorial enclave (such as Atchison and Leavenworth), and Free-State immigrants aided by the New England Emigrant Aid Company established theirs (such as Lawrence, Topeka). This circumstance resulted in a deep partisan divide in regard to the slavery question among settlers and their civic and business leaders. Then extremists on both side resorted to arms. On the pro-slavery side violence was committed by the border ruffians and on the free-state side by the jayhawkers.
On November 29, 1854, border ruffians elected a pro-slavery territorial representative to Congress, John W. Whitfield. It was determined after a Congressional investigation that 60% of the votes were illegal.
On March 30, 1855, border ruffians elected a pro-slavery Territorial Legislature, which introduced harsh penalties for speaking against slavery. It was called the Bogus Legislature by Free-Staters due to the fact that border ruffians arrived en masse and there were twice as many votes cast than there were eligible voters in the Territory. Failure to ensure fair elections led to establishment of two territorial governments in Kansas, one pro-slavery and another Free State, each claiming to be the only legitimate government of the entire Territory.
Despite all border ruffians' attempts to push anti-slavery settlers out of the Territory, far more Free-State immigrants moved to Kansas than pro-slavery. In 1857, the pro-slavery faction in Kansas proposed the Lecompton Constitution for the future state of Kansas. It tried to get the Lecompton Constitution adopted with additional fraud and violence, but by then there were too many Free-Staters there and the U.S. Congress refused to confirm it.
Border ruffians also engaged in general violence against Free-State settlements. They burned farms and sometimes murdered Free-State men. Most notoriously, border ruffians twice attacked Lawrence, the Free-State capital of the Kansas Territory. On December 1, 1855, a small army of border ruffians laid siege to Lawrence, but were driven off. This became the nearly bloodless climax to the "Wakarusa War".
On May 21, 1856, an even larger force of border ruffians and pro-slavery Kansans captured Lawrence, which they sacked.
Free-State settlers struck back. Anti-slavery Kansan irregulars, led by Charles R. Jennison, James Montgomery, and James H. Lane, among others, and known as jayhawkers, attacked proslavery settlers and suspected border ruffian sympathizers. Most notoriously, abolitionist John Brown killed five proslavery men at Pottawatomie. In revenge, a band of border ruffians, led by John W. Reid, sacked the village of Osawatomie, Kansas after the Battle of Osawatomie.
Aid to the Free-State cause
T. W. Higginson, a minister, was instrumental in turning the Massachusetts State Kansas Aid Committee, a former subsidiary of the New England Emigrant Aid Company, into a nationally known organization. It worked to recruit abolitionist settlers, raised funds for them to migrate to Kansas, and equipped them with rifles to use against border ruffians. In 1856 it acquired 200 Sharps rifles for $4,947.88 that were shipped to Kansas via Iowa and ended in John Brown's hands. In September 1858, it invested $3,800 in 190 Sharps rifles for Kansas. Abolitionist Henry W. Beecher pronounced that, It was documented that in 1855-1856 various aid organizations from free states spent at least $43,074.26 on rifles, muskets, revolvers, and ammunition, including one cannon, destined for Kansas.
On July 9, 1856, the Massachusetts State Kansas Committee and the New England Emigrant Aid Company initiated the establishment of the Kansas National Aid Committee headquartered in Chicago. Thaddeus Hyatt, head of the national committee, began collecting money, arms, provisions, clothing, and agricultural supplies to aid the Free-State cause in Kansas. The goal was to transport five thousand settlers to Kansas Territory giving them a year's worth of supplies.
A distribution depot was set up at Mt. Pleasant, Iowa, where immigrants were furnished not only with horses and wagons and other supplies, but also with arms; they were organized into companies and drilled. The National Kansas Committee spent in 1856-1857 around on the Free State cause.
Outcomes
On August 2, 1858, the pro-slavery Lecompton Constitution of 1857 was rejected at the polls, signifying the defeat of border ruffians' cause. On January 29, 1861, President James Buchanan signed the bill that approved the Wyandotte Constitution and Kansas came to the Union as a Free State.
During the Civil War
During the American Civil War, the violence on the Kansas-Missouri border not only continued, but escalated tremendously. Many of the former border ruffians became pro-Confederate guerrillas, or bushwhackers. They operated in western Missouri, sometimes raiding into Kansas, and Union forces campaigned to suppress them. Farms on the Missouri-Kansas state line were looted and burned. Suspected guerrillas were killed; in retaliation, bushwhackers murdered Union sympathizers and suspected informers. Confederate guerrilla leaders, such as "Bloody Bill" Anderson and William Quantrill, were feared in Kansas during the war.
Many of the Union troops fighting bushwackers were former jayhawkers who held deep grudges against border ruffians. Charles R. Jennison recruited the 7th Kansas Cavalry Regiment, which became known as the Jennison's Jayhawkers. In the fall and winter of 1861 and 1862, Jennison's Jayhawkers became infamous for looting and destroying the property of Missourians.
Some of the jayhawkers joined a paramilitary group called the Red Legs. Wearing red gaiters and numbered around 100, Red Legs served as scouts during the punitive expedition of the Union troops in Missouri. Jayhawkers and Red Legs pillaged and burned multiple towns in 1861–1863 in Missouri. The destruction of Osceola, Missouri, is depicted in the movie The Outlaw Josey Wales.
See also
Sacking of Lawrence
Wakarusa War
Pottawatomie massacre
Battle of Osawatomie
Marais des Cygnes massacre
References
Further reading
Williams, Robert Hamilton. With the border ruffians; memories of the Far West, 1852-1868. New York: John Murray, 1907.
Cutler, William G. History of the State of Kansas: Containing a Full Account of Its Growth from an Uninhabited Territory to a Wealthy and Important State; of Its Early Settlements; Its Rapid Increase in Population ; and the Marvelous Development of Its Great Natural Resources. Chicago: A. T. Andreas, 1883.
Gladstone, Thomas H. The Englishman In Kansas: Or, Squatter Life and Border Warfare. New York: Miller & Company, 1857.
Greeley, Horace. A History of the Struggle for Slavery Extension or Restriction in the United States. New York: Dix, Edwards and Company, 1856.
Phillips, William Addison. The conquest of Kansas, by Missouri and their allies. A history of the troubles in Kansas, from the passage of the organic act until the close of July 1856. Boston: Philips, Sampson and company, 1856.
External links
Bad Blood, the Border War that Triggered the Civil War, DVD documentary. Kansas City MO: Kansas City Public Television (KCPT) and Wide Awake Films, 2007.
timeline: Bleeding Kansas, Center for Great Plains Studies, Emporia State University
Bleeding Kansas
Irregular forces of the American Civil War
Politically motivated migrations
Kansas Territory
American proslavery activists
Expansion of slavery in the United States
The Japanese Era Rangoon General Hospital: Memoir of A Wartime Physician () is a memoir written by Myint Swe, first published in 1967. It chronicles the events at the only hospital in Yangon (Rangoon) open to non-Japanese during the Japanese occupation of Burma. The book includes the author's eyewitness accounts of hardship and struggles at the makeshift hospital as well as several key people of the era that were treated there, including: Aung San, Ne Win, Bo Letya, Bo Setkya, Thakin Than Tun, Thakin Mya, Ba Cho, Kyaw Nyein, Thakin Po Hla Gyi, Lanmadaw Po Tok, S. C. Bose, and J. R. Bhonsle.
The first edition won the Burma National Literature Award, 2nd Prize for 1967. The second edition of the book was published in 1968, and includes a few more sections. The second edition has been reprinted two times (2010 and 2015), and translated into English (2014).
Publishing history
Myint Swe recounted in the book how they came to write the book. They wrote that they had always recounted the stories at the wartime hospital to countless friends and colleagues over the years, and that upon the repeated urging of Myint Oo, editor of Shaytho Magazine, they finally began writing their first ever book in 1966.
In Burmese
1st edition (1967)
2nd edition (1968)
2nd edition, 2nd printing (2010)
2nd edition, 3rd printing (2015)
Translations
1st edition, in English, as weekly serials in The Working People's Daily (1967–68?), not completed
2nd edition, in English, (2014)
Notes
References
Bibliography
Burmese literature
Burmese-language books
Books about Myanmar
1967 non-fiction books
Memoirs
Marcello Dudovich (21 March 1878 – 31 March 1962) was an Italian painter, illustrator, and poster designer. Together with Leonetto Cappiello, Adolfo Hohenstein, Giovanni Maria Mataloni and Leopoldo Metlicovitz they are considered one of the progenitors of Italian poster design.
Biography
Marcello Dudovich was born in 1878 in Trieste to an Italian mother and a Dalmatian father. Their father, Antonio Dudovich, born in Traù (Trogir), Dalmatia, was a fervent Italian irredentist who fought alongside Giuseppe Garibaldi during the Third Italian War of Independence, and worked for the insurance company Assicurazioni Generali. Marcello attended the prestigious Royal School in Trieste. Upon completing their studies, they began working with their father as a lithographer and illustrator for advertising art, prints and posters.
They relocated from Trieste to Milan in 1897 after attending a professional art school. They were recruited as a lithographer by Ricordi, a music publisher, thanks to their father's friendship with the illustrator and cartoonist Leopoldo Metlicovitz, and was given charge over advertisement design.
In 1899 they transferred to Bologna, working here for the publisher Edmondo Chappuis, designing billboards, book covers and illustrations for publications such as Italia Ride in 1900 e Fantasio in 1902. Here they met Elisa Bucchi, their future wife.
In 1900 they won the "Gold Medal" at the Paris World Fair.
In 1905 Dudovich returned to Milan to rejoin Ricordi. Here, in the next few years, they designed some of their well-known posters, including "Mele di Napoli" (Apples from Naples) and "Borsalino". In the 1920s they made several posters for the Milan department store, La Rinascente, and in 1922 they were appointed artistic director of "Igap".
In 1930 they designed a prominent poster for Pirelli. After the Second World War they moved away from the world of commercial art, concentrating instead on their painting.
Marcello Dudovich died in Milan from a cerebral hemorrhage on 31 March 1962.
Dudovich is celebrated as one of Italy's greatest poster artists. They were inspired by Edward Penfield, by their friend and teacher Adolfo Hohenstein and by Alphonse Mucha. But ultimately their reputation comes from theirs having developed their own very distinctive and richly coloured style.
Gallery
References
External links
Marcello Dudovich
1878 births
1962 deaths
19th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
20th-century Italian painters
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian poster artists
Art Nouveau painters
Art Nouveau illustrators
Italian illustrators
Artists from Trieste
19th-century Italian male artists
The term federalist describes any of several political beliefs around the world, or the concept various parties; its members or supporters calling themselves "Federalists".
Federalist may also refer to:
Federalist architecture, the name for the classicizing architecture built in the newly founded United States between c. 1780 and 1830, and particularly from 1785 to 1815
Maryland Federalist, a replica of the 18th-century miniature ship Federalist
The Federalist Papers, or The Federalist, a collection of articles or essays promoting the ratification of the United States Constitution
The Federalist (website), a conservative U.S. political website
The Federalists, SFBA-based U.S. indie rock band
Political parties
Federalist Party in the United States
Federalist Party (Philippines)
Federalist Alliance of Italy
Federalist Unity Party of Argentina
Democratic Party of Federalists of Bosnia
Union of Federalists and Independent Republicans of Congo
Breton Federalist League
Union of Federalist Nationalists of Congo
Hungarian Federalist Party
Federalist Italian League
Turkic Federalist Party
Tuscan Federalist Alliance
The Federalist Party of the Yale Political Union
See also
Federalist Society for Law and Public Policy Studies, U.S. society seeking legal reform in the U.S.
Federalist Era (1789–1801), U.S. political era
:Category:Federalism
Federalism
Anti-Federalist of the U.S.
Anti-Federalist League of Britain
Federalist revolts of 1793 in France
Federal (disambiguation)
Federation (disambiguation)
Federalism (disambiguation)
Federal Union (disambiguation)
National Socialist Party ( , or ) was a short-lived pro-military political party in Thailand. It was founded on 21 December 1957 by Field Marshal Sarit Thanarat.
History
After Sarit's first coup d'état on 16 September 1957, they tried to hold onto power by constitutional democratic means, holding a general election on 12 December 1957. Before the coup, Sarit's supporters had founded the Sahaphum Party ("Unionist Party"). This party performed rather disappointingly, obtaining just 44 of 160 seats in the House of Representatives. Most seats were won by independents, including many former members of the Seri Manangkhasila Party of Sarit's disempowered predecessor Plaek Phibunsongkhram, who had deserted their party but were not allowed to join the Sahaphum Party.
Aiming for a more comfortable control of parliament, Sarit initiated the National Socialist Party, merging their Sahaphum Party with the group of ex-Seri Manangkhasila MPs. They made themselves head of the party, their right-hand man Lieutenant General Thanom Kittikachorn and civilian official Sukich Nimmanheminda deputy leaders and Lt Gen Praphas Charusathien secretary-general of the party. The party took the motto "Nation, Religion, King, Democracy, Society" ( ).
A large portion of the former Sahaphum Party was dissatisfied with this move as they did not want to be associated with the group of former Seri Manangkhasila MPs. A group of 36 former Sahaphum MPs signed a letter of protest to Sarit, but pledged to support them anyway. The civilian interim prime minister Pote Sarasin resigned, likely because they did not agree with the new party either and did not want to be a puppet of the military coup group. Thanom took office as prime minister on 1 January 1958 at the request of their mentor Sarit who stayed at the health spa of Bang Saen to cure their liver affection. Thanom's cabinet included eleven members of the military group, six former Sahaphum members, three former Seri Manangkhasila MPs and a number of independents.
During the first months of Thanom's government, the National Socialist Party was afflicted with internal strife. Some Sahaphum Party members were still unwilling to co-operate with their rivals from the Seri Manangkhasila Party and refused to dissolve their old party, instead keeping it as an internal faction within the bigger National Socialist Party. On the other hand, the group of former independents and ex-Seri Manangkhasila members envied the Sahaphum group as the latter had received a larger share of cabinet posts. Strongman Sarit left the country to undergo surgery in the United States, while their less charismatic deputy Thanom had a hard time holding together the governing party. Twenty-six Sahaphum MPs resigned in February 1958, protesting a cut in educational expenditure, while military spending was increased. To replace them, by-elections were held in the provinces of Bangkok, Thonburi, Kalasin, Roi Et and Ubon Ratchathani. Of 26 available seats, thirteen were won by the oppositional Democrat Party and only nine by the National Socialist Party. This was a major setback to the ruling party.
The National Socialist Party—like all political parties—was dissolved on 20 October 1958 due to Sarit's second coup d'état, which they dubbed a "revolution".
References
Defunct political parties in Thailand
1957 establishments in Thailand
Political parties established in 1957
Political parties disestablished in 1958
No More Travelling Chess is an album created by Guy Manning and Andy Tillison whilst in band Gold Frankincense & Disk-drive. The album consisted of cover versions of pieces by Peter Hammill plus a couple of original pieces. The subsequent album was released as a Cassette version on private mail order before eventually being remastered and released in an extended CD format by Cyclops Records under the band name Parallel or 90 Degrees.
Track listing
Van der Graaf Generator/Peter Hammill covers
Arrow
Roncevaux
Flight
Modern
In The Black Room (Track added to original Cassette version)
P090/GF&DD Compositions
Advance (Tillison)
Evolutionary Status Quo (Manning)
Personnel
Andy Tillison: drums, keyboards, vocals
Guy Manning: guitars, keyboards, vocals
2001 albums
Halid Bešlić (; born 20 November 1953) is a Bosnian folk singer and musician who has been performing professionally since 1979. Bešlić's singing career was one of the most successful in Yugoslavia, and continues today throughout the entire Balkan region.
Early life
Bešlić was born in the Knežina village near Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina, while it was part of FPR Yugoslavia.
Their father Mujo Bešlić, a military man, died on 1 April 2016 at the age of 83 in a Sarajevo hospital. Halid, who was on tour in the United States at the time, managed to arrive to the funeral held in a village by Olovo, where Mujo had lived since the start of the Bosnian War in 1992.
Career
After serving a mandatory stint in the Yugoslav National Army, Bešlić moved from Knežina to Sarajevo and began performing at local restaurants. After several years, their first musical releases were eight singles between 1979 and 1982, with their first studio album, entitled Sijedi starac (White Haired Old Man), being released in 1981.
By 1984, they started becoming more and more well known, with popular songs such as "Neću, neću dijamante" (I Don't Want, I Don't Want Diamonds) and "Budi budi uvijek srećna" (Always, Always Be a Happy Woman) being heard all over Yugoslavia.
Since then, Bešlić has recorded 17 albums and staged countless concerts.
Bešlić released eight albums during the 1980s, with hit songs including "Vraćam se majci u Bosnu" (I Am Returning to my Mother in Bosnia), "Sjećam se" (I Remember), "Hej, zoro, ne svani" (Hey, Morning, Don't Rise) and "Eh, kad bi ti" (If Only You Would).
They also had several hit songs in the 2000s and 2010s. The 2003 album Prvi poljubac featured the hit song of the same name. The song "Miljacka", named after the Bosnian river, was featured on their 2007 album Halid 08 and the songs "Štiklom o kamen" (High Heels on Stone) and "Kad zaigra srce od meraka" (When the Heart Dances with Joy) were featured on Romanija (2013). The album Trebević, named after the Bosnian mountain, was released in February 2020.
Personal life
Bešlić married their wife Sejda in November 1977.
In the 1990s, during the breakup of Yugoslavia, Bosnia went into war and Bešlić staged more than 500 humanitarian concerts across Europe for the victims in their home country.
Bešlić has earned many awards and much financial success from their singing. Among their business interests is a gas station and hotel in the outskirts of Sarajevo.
In 2015, Bešlić acquired Croatian citizenship.
2009 car wreck
On 10 March 2009, Bešlić left their gas station at around 4 in the morning, and ran their Škoda Superb off the road, due to icy conditions, and crashed. Bešlić who was not wearing their seat belt had had serious injuries to their face and right eye, initially being in a coma. All of Bosnia and Herzegovina showed concern after Halid's wreck, as they awaited any news regarding their condition. They would eventually make a full recovery. Attempts to save their eye were undertaken at hospitals in Bosnia, Turkey and Belgium however they were all ultimately unsuccessful. After their recovery, Halid slowly made their way back onto the music scene. Notably, they held a major concert in Zagreb at the end of October 2009.
They had earlier survived a car wreck in 1986 with the singer Suzana Mančić.
Discography
Singles
Grešnica (1979)
Sijedi starac (1980)
Mirela (1981)
Pjesma samo o njoj (1982)
Studio albums
Sijedi starac (1981)
Pjesma samo o njoj (1982)
Dijamanti... (1984)
Zbogom noći, zbogom zore (1985)
Otrov (1986)
Zajedno smo jači (1986)
Eh, kad bi ti rekla mi, volim te (1987)
Mostovi tuge (1988)
Opet sam se zaljubio (1990)
Ljiljani (1991)
Grade moj (1993)
Ne zovi me, ne traži me (1996)
Robinja (1998)
U ime ljubavi (2000)
Prvi poljubac (2003)
Halid 08 (2007)
Romanija (2013)
Trebević (2020)
As featured artist
Ne zna juče da je sad (Yesterday Does Not Know That It's Today, 2011) with Viki Miljković
Concerts
Hala "Pionir" Beograd (uživo) (1988)
Koncert Skenderija (2001)
Halid Bešlić i gosti: Zetra Live (2004)
Halid Bešlić i Crvena Jabuka: Melbourne, Australia (2012)
Filmography
References
External links
Halid Beslic 15 Godina Estrade - 1 Nimfa Sound Album
1953 births
Living people
People from Sokolac
Naturalized citizens of Croatia
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosniaks of Croatia
20th-century Bosnia and Herzegovina male singers
21st-century Bosnia and Herzegovina male singers
Yugoslav male singers
Bosnia and Herzegovina folk-pop singers
Sevdalinka
Hayat Production artists
Musicians with disabilities
The Kúðafljót () is a river in the south of Iceland. It is one of the largest glacier rivers in the country.
Name
The Landnámabók reports that the name is from the ship of Vilbald, one of the first settlers in Skaftátunga. The name of the ships was Kúði.
Location and tributaries
It flows east of the Mýrdalsjökull through the Skaftátunga district and flows into the Atlantic Ocean through the Mýrdalssandur from numerous tributaries, the most important of which are Hólmsá, Tungufljót and Eldvatn. An arm of the Skaftá also flows into the Kúðafljót.
Water quantity
The mean water volume is 230 m³/s. The lowest measured value was 110 m³/s and the maximum measured value 2000 m³/s.
The Kúðafljót is one of the rivers whose water level may indicate volcanic activity of Katla under the Mýrdalsjökull. Therefore, it is monitored closely. The Icelandic Meteorological Office monitors the Hólmsá, Eldvatn and Skálm tributaries.
Eruptions of Katla cause jökulhlaups of the Kúðafljót.
Transport connection
In former times, horses were pulled across the river in shallow places. A real ford did not exist, so travellers needed local leaders and risked their lives again and again. However, it was always regarded as quite dangerous, with deep and drifting quicksand.
Today the Icelandic Ring Road crosses it at a narrower place on a bridge.
The Kúðafljót was a navigable fjord in the Middle Ages. There are also reports of a trading station on an island in this fjord. It was obviously buried by the sediments of the Katla jökulhlaups.
Ship cemetery south coast
Numerous French fishing boats were found in the 19th century on Icelandic coasts. They had their main base in Fáskrúðsfjörður. Between 1850 and 1914, there were up to 5,000 men from Brittany during the seasons, so that at the end of the nineteenth century, the French government had also sent some of the hospital ships to support them. The first of these, the Saint-Paul, was stranded at the mouth of the Kúðafljót on 4 April 1899. The crew members were rescued, but the contents of the ship had to be auctioned to the delight of the local population. The cheap purchase of food and 900 bottles of wine were particularly valued.
The southeast coast of Iceland was notorious until the 1950s as a regular ship cemetery.
See also
List of rivers of Iceland
Geography of Iceland
References
External links
Rivers of Iceland
Drainage basins of the Atlantic Ocean
Southern Region (Iceland)
Killarney Legion are a Gaelic Athletic Association club from Killarney in County Kerry, Ireland. The club was founded on a March evening in 1929 when a group of eleven men held a meeting in the then Temperance Hall in High Street, Killarney.
History
In the Kerry Senior Football Championship, Legion reached the 3rd round by beating John Mitchels of Tralee 0-16 to 1-6, then losing to rival Dr. Crokes 1-16 to 0-9. Legion now have a new state of the art clubhouse and have just commenced the development of a stand aligning the southern side of the main pitch. The stature of the juvenile section of the club is at an all-time high at present. Legion's U14 team represented Kerry in the Feile competition of 2006 held in Wicklow and again in 2009 held in Kildare. Also the minor teams (U18) have reached three county finals in a row since 2007, winning two. The club won the Under 21 Club Chamoionship in 2011 and 2012. Legion's senior team was relegated to Division 2 for the 2014 season, but won that straight away. Killarney Legion GAA came so close to winning the County Championship 2015 after beating Mid Kerry, Feale Rangers, Kerins O' Rahillys and Rathmore. Legion met South Kerry in the County Final but lost in extra time of a replay.
As of October 2020, the club acquired a new floodlighting system, and upgraded the gym.
Current players
Donal Lucey (Retired) - Kerry Minor 2018
Brian Kelly - Kerry GAA Goalkeeper
Jonathan Lyne - Kerry GAA Wing-Back
James O'Donoghue - Kerry GAA Senior Centre Forward
All-Ireland medal winners from the Legion include:
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship
Ml. Coffey 1926
D. O'Connor 1929-32
Timmy O'Leary 1937-39
Ml. Lyne 1937-41
Jackie Lyne 1946-53
Denny Lyne 1946
Donie Murphy 1953
Mixie Palmer 1953-55
Gerald O'Sullivan 1953-55
J. J. Sheehan 1953-55
Johnny Culloty 1955-59-62-69(c)-70
Diarmuid O'Donoghue 1980-84
Peter O'Leary 1997, 2000
John Cronin 2004
Brian Kelly 2014
Jonathan Lyne 2014
James O'Donoghue 2014
All-Ireland Junior Football Championship
Ml. Coffey 1924
Ml. Lyne 1941
Denny Lyne 1941
Teddy Lyne 1941
John Murphy 1941
J. C. Cooper 1949
Mixie Palmer 1949
om Spillane 1954
Johnny Culloty 1954
Weeshie Fogarty 1967
Diarmuid O'Donoghue 1983
Padraig Brosnan 1983
Sean Hegarty 2006 (Captain)
Pádraig O'Connor 2019
All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship
Denny Murphy 1975
Padraig Brosnan 1976
Peter O'Leary 1990
Sean Hegarty 1998
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Timmy O'Leary 1931-32-33
Ml. Lyne 1933
Johnny Brien 1946
Donie Murphy 1946
J. J. Sheehan 1946
Marcus O'Neill 1950
Tim Kelliher 1963
Padraig Brosnan 1975
Paudie Sheehan 1975
Richard O'Brien 1980
Peter O'Leary 1988
Cian Gammell 2017
Darragh Lyne 2018
Kieran O'Donoghue 2018
All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship
(with East Kerry)Ml. Lyne (Faugh) 1971
Noel Power 1971
Weeshie Fogarty 1971
Johnny Culloty 1971
National Football League
D. O'Connor 1928-29-30
Johnny Culloty 1958-60-61-63-69-71
Peter O'Leary 1997
Diarmuid O'Donoghue 1984
John Cronin 2004
Railway Cup Football
D. O'Connor 1931
Jackie Lyne 1946-48-49
Tom Spillane 1949
All-Ireland Junior Hurling Championship
Johnny Culloty 1961
All-Ireland Colleges Hogan Cup
Donie Murphy
J. J. Sheahan
Pat Lucey with Munster 1947
Tommy Leahy with St. Brendan's 1969
Denis Doodey, Donal O'Leary, Darren Counihan, Ted Bowler
Universities Sigerson Cup
Jackie Lyne U.C.C. 1943
John Trant U.C.G. 1948-50
Donie Murphy U.C.G. 1948
John Keane U.C.C. 1988 (Captain)
Sean Hegarty Tralee IT 1999
Brian Kelly University College Cork 2014
Shaun Keane University College Cork 2014
Roll of Honour
Kerry Senior Football Championship: (1) 1946 Runners-Up 2015
County Club Championship: (1) 1994 Runners-Up 2013, 2014
Kerry Intermediate Football Championship: (1) 2005
Kerry County Football League - Division 1: (1) 1993
Kerry County Football League - Division 2: East Kerry Senior Football Championship O'Donoghue Cup: (5) 1954, 1955, 1967, 1976, 2019 Runners-Up 1958, 1959, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1984, 2013, 2014, 2015
East Kerry Senior League Title: (7) 1933, 1936, 1943, 1944, 1947, 1950, 1953
East Kerry Junior Football Championship: (2) 1980, 2014
East Kerry Junior League Titles:'''(6) 1932, 1934, 1946, 1954, 1974, 1976.
References
External links
Official Legion Club GAA Website
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Kerry
Gaelic football clubs in County Kerry
Sport in Killarney
Anne Rikala (born February 20, 1977 in Kangasala) is a Finnish sprint canoer who has competed since 2005. They won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two silvers (K-1 200 m and K-1 500 m: both 2007) and two bronzes (K-1 5000 m: 2010, K-2 200 m: 2006).
Rikala also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, finishing seventh in the K-2 500 m event while being eliminated in the semifinals of the K-1 500 m event. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, they competed in the K-1 500 m again, finishing in eighth.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1977 births
Living people
People from Kangasala
Canoeists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Finnish female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Finland
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in kayak
Sportspeople from Pirkanmaa
David Stratton (born 1939) is an English-Australian film critic and television personality.
David Stratton may also refer to:
David Straton (martyr), 16th century Scottish nobleman
David Michael Stratton or Mike Stratton (1941–2020), American football player
David Vincent Stratton (1884–1968), American industrial engineer
Cherokee Inc., also known as Apex Global Brands, is an American based global apparel and footwear company, headquartered in Sherman Oaks, California. The company was established in 1973 and its brands are available in 110 countries in 12,000 retail locations and on digital commerce.
Cherokee owns a number of fashion and lifestyle brands, including: Cherokee, Cherokee Workwear, Carole Little, Tony Hawk Signature Apparel and Hawk Brands, 900 Tony Hawk, Liz Lange, Sideout, Hi-Tec, Magnum, 50 Peaks, Interceptor, Everyday California, Point Cove, Saint-Tropez, Chorus Line, All That Jazz, Ale by Allesandra, Teen Hearts and Flip Flop Shops.
History
Founding
In 1973, James Argyropoulos, the son of a Greek immigrant, launched custom-made footwear designs and began to sell them from their Venice Beach, California home. Soon it was stocked by department stores, including Macy's and Bloomingdale's.
In the early 1980s, the brand expanded to selling women's and children's apparel. During this time, it became available worldwide.
In the 1990s, Cherokee established a partnership with Target.
The headquarters at Sherman Oaks, California employs 51-200 employees.
In 2021, Apex Global Brands was acquired by Galaxy Universal.
Filing for bankruptcy protection
It filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in both 1993 and 1994, but continued to trade.
Expansion
In 1997, it acquired Sideout.
From 2002, Cherokee was sold at Tesco in the United Kingdom until 2015, when Argos took over the rights to sell the brand. However, following the 2016 acquisition of Argos by the UK retailer Sainsbury's, the Cherokee brand was quietly dropped and replaced by Sainsbury's own Tu brand of clothing in 2017.
In December 2002, the company further expanded by acquiring the Carole Little, Saint-Tropez, All That Jazz and Chorus Line brands and CL Fashion trademarks.
From 2011 to 2015 Cherokee was sold at Target Canada stores and now acquired by Sears Canada. Prior to Target, the label was sold by Zellers in Canada since 1998.
In January 2014, Cherokee acquired the worldwide Tony Hawk and Hawk signature apparel brands. In May 2015, Cherokee acquired casual lifestyle brand Everyday California.
On September 10, 2015, Cherokee announced Target would cease carrying the brand when its license expires on January 31, 2017. As of 2022 some Target shops do carry Cherokee products but on a non exclusive basis.
In October 2015, Cherokee acquired Flip Flop Shops, a franchise retail chain offering flip flops, casual footwear and accessories.
In November 2016, Cherokee acquired the Hi-Tec and Magnum brands.
Operations
Cherokee comprises a number of fashion and lifestyle brands:
Cherokee
Cherokee is the core eponymous brand, licensed in over 50 countries.
Cherokee Workwear
Cherokee Workwear is a brand that was introduced in 2004, which manufactures medical scrubs.
Carole Little
The Carole Little collection comprises items for work, travel and leisure.
Tony Hawk Signature Apparel and Hawk Brands
Tony Hawk is an "action lifestyle" range.
900 Tony Hawk
900 Tony Hawk is a skateboard brand.
Liz Lange
Liz Lange is a maternity wear brand.
Sideout
Sideout was founded in 1983 and comprises athletic wear, sportswear and active wear.
Hi-Tec
Hi-Tec is a privately held producer and distributor of sportswear and accessories, headquartered in the Netherlands.
Magnum
Magnum is a footwear brand.
50 Peaks
50 Peaks is a brand which creates outdoor footwear, equipment and apparel.
Interceptor
Interceptor is a tactical boots brand.
Everyday California
Everyday California is a "casual style outfit" brand.
Point Cove
Point Cove is a Californian brand which sells clothing, footwear and accessories.
Saint-Tropez
Saint-Tropez is designed for younger women.
Chorus Line
Founded in 1975 by three men in southern California, Chorus Line is a moderately priced apparel company which initially begun as a retail company focusing exclusively on juniors collections. Chorus Line has branched out to include designs specifically aimed towards women in their 20s and 30s as well as petite and plus size divisions.
All That Jazz
All That Jazz appeals to a teenage female customer base and with low prices.
Flip Flop Shops
Flip Flop Shops was founded in 2004 and is a retail chain retailing popular brands and flip flops and casual footwear.
See also
Hi-Tec
Tony Hawk
Liz Lange
References
Clothing brands of the United States
Clothing companies established in 1973
1990s fashion
2000s fashion
2010s fashion
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Companies based in Los Angeles
1973 establishments in California
The Lola B03/51 is an open-wheel formula racing car, designed, developed and built by Lola for the Japanese Formula Nippon championship series, in 2003. It was powered by a naturally aspirated Mugen MF308 engine that produced around @ 13,500 rpm.
References
Open wheel racing cars
Super Formula cars
Lola racing cars
In Polynesian mythology, Hine-Tu-Whenua is a kind and beneficent wind goddess. They were very helpful toward sailors and helped them reach their destinations safely. Hineitapapauta is considered their mother.
References
Polynesian goddesses
Wind goddesses
Omar Fonstad el Ghaouti (born 15 February 1990) is a Norwegian futsal player and football striker who plays for Hønefoss.
Hailing from Stovner in Oslo, they are of Norwegian and Moroccan descent. After playing for Stabæk U20 they played for four clubs in and around Oslo before making their way to Malta in 2012. A journeyman footballer, they also won 17 caps for the Norwegian national futsal team in 2014 and 2015.
References
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from Oslo
Norwegian people of Moroccan descent
Norwegian footballers
Lørenskog IF players
Sliema Wanderers F.C. players
Żejtun Corinthians F.C. players
Ullensaker/Kisa IL players
Moss FK players
IF Fram Larvik players
Bryne FK players
Arendal Fotball players
Alta IF players
Hønefoss BK players
Norwegian Second Division players
Association football forwards
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Malta
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Malta
Norwegian futsal players
The women's 400 metres event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 and 13 March in San Sebastián.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
400 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
400
Euro
Pa' quererte is a Colombian telenovela produced and distributed by RCN Televisión that premiered on RCN Televisión on 7 January 2020. The series is an adaptation of the Mexican telenovela Papá a toda madre broadcast on Las Estrellas in 2018. It stars an ensemble cast headed by Sebastián Martínez, Laura de León, Luis Eduardo Arango, and Diana Wiswell. The plot revolves around 4 friends of different ages football fans who have a small team, in addition to this the 4 are non-conventional parents who will have to assume their role as parents. It will air Monday to Friday at 8:00 p.m., replacing El man es Germán.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Colombia, RCN Televisión temporarily suspended the telenovela, broadcasting the last episode on 20 March 2020. This, because production has not ended, and quarantine has been decreed. New episodes resumed on 12 January 2021.
Cast
Main
Sebastián Martínez as Mauricio Reina
Juliette Pardau as Daniela "Dany" Daza
Hanny Viscaíno as Isabel Reina Trujillo
Carlos Camacho as Antonio "Toño" José Perdomo
Cecilia Navia as Verónica Valencia
Luis Eduardo Arango as Octavio Victoria
Laura de León as Azucena Tinoco
Manuel Sarmiento as Jorge Morales
Diana Wiswell as Catalina Vengoechea
Juliana Velásquez as Tatiana Perdomo Valencia
Carlos Andrés Ramírez as Jerónimo Perdomo Valencia
Camila Jurado as Juliana Morales Vengoechea
Alejandra Ávila as Milagros Victoria Mora
Variel Sánchez as Lorenzo Ríos
Juliana Galvis as Lola
Alina Lozano as Elvira Mora
Recurring
Mónica Pardo as María Trujillo
Juan Manuel Lenis as Fabián Vélez
Luces Velásquez as Consuelo Daza
Patrick Delmas as Alberto Sotillo
Ana María Medina as Miranda
Television rating
| link2 = List of Pa' quererte episodes#Season 2 (2021)
| timeslot2 = MonFri 8:00pm
| episodes2 = 81
| start2 =
| startrating2 = 8.6
| end2 =
| endrating2 = 10.1
| viewers2 = |2}}
}}
Web series
Pa' quererte en casa is a web series that premiered its first season on 30 April 2020 and ended on 2 July 2020. The season features a special for Father's Day, and it tells stories in parallel to the original story of how several of the characters and protagonists of the telenovela live during the COVID-19 pandemic. It was created for the reason of suspension of the filming of the telenovela, due to the pandemic.
Episodes
Season 1 (2020)
Season 2 (2020–21)
Notes
References
Colombian telenovelas
RCN Televisión telenovelas
Spanish-language television shows
Spanish-language telenovelas
2020 telenovelas
2020 Colombian television series debuts
Television productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
2021 Colombian television series endings
2021 telenovelas
Lateral to either olfactory groove are the internal openings of the anterior and posterior ethmoidal foramina (or canals).
The posterior ethmoidal foramen opens at the back part of this margin under cover of the projecting lamina of the sphenoid, and transmits the posterior ethmoidal vessels and nerve.
External links
() (#4)
Foramina of the skull
Hero of Byzantium (or Heron of Byzantium or sometimes Hero the Younger) () is a name used to refer to the anonymous Byzantine author of two treatises, commonly known as Parangelmata Poliorcetica and Geodesia, composed in the mid-10th century and found in an 11th-century manuscript in the Vatican Library (Vaticanus graecus 1605). The first is a poliorketikon, an illustrated manual of siegecraft; the second is a work in practical geometry and ballistics, which makes use of locations around Constantinople to illustrate its points. The manuscript consists of 58 folios and 38 colored illustrations.
Following a seventh-century defeat by the Arabs in the east and the barbarian powers in the west, the Byzantine Empire found itself gutted of much of its territory and needed to re-establish its military excellence. "Recent research has suggested that the empire first survived, and later expanded, by retaining and adapting military theories and practices from late antiquity." Hero's treatises were part of this process of recovery and adaptation.
Name
There is no mention of the author's name in the treatises, and the numerous Byzantine references throughout the work indicate that the author cannot be Hero of Alexandria (). Perhaps the name "Hero" came to be applied to them because of their use of Hero of Alexandria's work, which like their own deals principally with technology.
Parangelmata Poliorcetica
The Parangelmata Poliorcetica was an adaptation of an earlier () poliorcetic manual of Apollodorus of Damascus, but in place of the static, two-dimensional diagrams of that work, the Byzantine author used a three-dimensional perspective and scaled human figures to clarify the passages. As artillery had not yet become a factor in siegecraft, the machines themselves tend to be those useful for advancing a force up to fortifications and mining them once situated. Hero includes tortoises (—mobile sheds used to protect troops from attack while approaching fortifications); a new Slavic style of tortoise called the laisa (), created from interwoven branches and vines; palisades; rams; ladders; nets; towers; bridges; and tools such as augers and bores. In addition to the work of Apollodorus, the author also draws on the work of Athenaeus Mechanicus, Philo of Byzantium, and Biton.
Geodesia
Geodesia or geodesy comes from the Greek word γεωδαισία (from γή, "earth", and δαΐζω, "divide"), literally meaning "division of the earth". When Hero of Byzantium wrote their Geodesia, they drew on an earlier manual by Hero of Alexandria—specifically on the Alexandrian's knowledge of applied geometry and use of the surveying instrument called the dioptra. Hero of Alexandria's manuscripts suggest that the dioptra could be used as a level and for measuring elevations, distances, and angles. Heron of Byzantium spoke about its use in siege warfare, showing that it could estimate distances and the required sizes of siege engines.
Edition
Sullivan, Dennis F., ed. (2000). Siegecraft: Two Tenth-Century Instructional Manuals by "Heron of Byzantium". Dumbarton Oaks Studies XXXVI. Washington, DC: Dumbarton Oaks Research Library and Collection. .
Sources
10th-century Byzantine writers
Medieval Greek military writers
10th-century Byzantine people
Unidentified people
David Suter (born 1978 in Switzerland) is a Swiss physician and molecular and cell biologist. Their research focuses on quantitative approaches to study gene expression and developmental cell fate decisions.  They are currently a professor at EPFL (École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne), where they head the Suter Lab at the Institute of Bioengineering of the School of Life Sciences.
Career
Suter studied medicine at the University of Geneva and obtained their medical diploma in 2004. They graduated in 2007 with a PhD on embryonic stem cell differentiation and transgenesis, and in 2008, they received their Doctor of Medicine (MD) also from the University of Geneva.
In 2008, they joined the Laboratory of Ueli Schibler at the Department of Molecular Biology at the University of Geneva for a postdoctoral training. Here, they developed a new technology allowing ultra-sensitive monitoring of transcriptional kinetics in single living cells by luminescence microscopy. It allowed to demonstrate that mammalian genes are transcribed during short time windows, called transcriptional bursts, which have widely different kinetics properties for different genes. The key finding was that most mammalian genes have to transit through a refractory period when they are inactive before they can be activated again. Suter and colleges employed this approach to disentangle the effect of physiological stimuli on different bursting parameters. They also demonstrated the dynamic interactions of circadian transcription factors and their regulation by the proteasome.
In 2011, they became a post-doctoral fellow in the Laboratory of Xiaoliang Sunney Xie at Harvard University. Together with Christof Gebhardt, Suter developed a new technology allowing to visualize and measure the residence time of single molecules of transcription factors binding to DNA. Using this technology, they were able to determine the residence time of various transcription factors on DNA and allowed for the measurement of the fraction of DNA-bound molecules in the transcription factor population. Thereby they were able to distinguish three different modes of DNA binding (dimeric, monomeric, and indirect), and to simultaneously record DNA binding events of two heterodimeric partners. By extending the technology to determine the localization of single molecules of RNA polymerase II in mammalian nuclei, they showed that polymerases are mostly homogenously distributed throughout the nucleus, hence, arguing against a static model of clustering in transcription factories.
Since 2013 they have been an professor at EPFL, where they head the Suter Lab at the Institute of Bioengineering of the School of Life Sciences.
Research
The Suter laboratory is developing quantitative approaches to study gene expression in single living cells, and applying those to understand the molecular bases of cell fate decisions.
Quantitative analysis of gene expression in single living cells
Using luminescence microscopy for ultrasensitive monitoring of transcription in single embryonic stem (ES) cells, they studied the transmission of transcriptional activity through cell division. They discovered that the time scales of transcriptional memory varied over a range of two to ten cell cycles for different mammalian genes. They developed a novel approach based on a fluorescent timer to simultaneously monitor protein synthesis and degradation rates in live cells. In combination with pulse-chase protein labeling, they were able to determine how changes in synthesis and degradation rates shape fluctuations of proteins levels during the cell cycle. They also found that protein degradation rates varied broadly between individual cells, but were correlated to synthesis rates at the single cell level. This discovery suggests that cells are able to coordinate protein synthesis and degradation to buffer protein level variability and thereby to ensure robust control of protein homeostasis.
Master transcription factors and cell fate decisions
The Suter Lab is also interested in the impact of transcription factor fluctuations on cell fate decisions. They investigated whether fluctuations in the expression levels of OCT4 and SOX2, two master regulators of pluripotency, impact the differentiation potential of ES cells. They found that small endogenous fluctuations of OCT4 and to a lesser extent SOX2 significantly impact the potential of ES cells to commit to different germ layers. They also dissected the dynamic regulation of chromatin accessibility by the pioneer transcription factor OCT4 and demonstrated its activity on a time scale of minutes to maintain nucleosome-depleted regions in DNA regions regulating the identity of ES cells.
Distinctions
Suter is a member of several institutions such as Board Member of the Swiss Stem Cell Network, International Society for Stem Cell Research (ISSCR) and European Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ESGCT). Formerly, they held a Swiss National Science Foundation Professorship (2013-2019).
Private life
Suter was born and grew up in Geneva, Switzerland. They have also earned a degree in classical piano from the Haute école de musique de Genève.
Selected publications
References
External links
.
Website of the Suter Lab
Cell biologists
École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne faculty
Living people
1978 births
21st-century Swiss physicians
Henry Peters may refer to:
Henry Peters (British politician) (c. 1763–1827)
Henry Peters (Australian politician) (1881–1918), member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Henry M. Peters (1889–1987), American politician
Henry Peters (baseball) (Hank Peters, 1924–2015), American baseball executive
See also
Henry Peter (born 1957), French-Swiss business lawyer
Henry Peters House, a historic home built around 1910 in DeKalb County, Indiana
Harry Peters (c. 1788–1870), Canadian politician
Harry Peters (mountaineer) (1852–1941), German-born New Zealand mountaineer
The Château de Lutzelhardt is a 13th-century castle in the commune of Obersteinbach in the Bas-Rhin département, France. It is remarkable in that parts of it are actually built into the rock (semi-troglodytic).
History
According to studies by B. Metz and T. Biller, the first mention of the castle goes back to 1250. This date certainly corresponds with the approximate date of its construction by the Lutzelhardt family, after whom the castle is named. The Lutzelhardts, who were Vögte of Wasselonne, sold the castle in 1363 to the Fleckensteins. It was burnt in 1397 by the troops of the city of Strasbourg, taken by assault in 1462 by the troops of Wissembourg and was certainly repaired by 1469.
The exact date of its abandonment is not known, but it was recorded as a ruin in 1538.
Description
The castle is built on an outcrop of sandstone, twenty metres (~65 ft) high and sixty metres (~195 ft) long. At its feet, on the south-east, is the lower courtyard. On the highest part of the rock are the remains of a small square keep, with dressed stones, and the remains of a residence along the eastern edge of the rock. The north wall still stands to the height of the ground floor. The other parts of the castle are slightly lower. They consist of a cistern, a well or second cistern, and traces of various buildings. In the lower courtyard there are remnants of sections of the curtain wall with the doorway on one side and mounds on the other, two massive cellars cut into rock (one having been vaulted) and a staircase in the rock giving access to the castle proper. On the opposite side of the castle to the lower courtyard, a ditch has been dug the length of the rock. Further west are remains of walls.
The Château de Lutzelhardt has been listed since 1898 as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
See also
Château du Petit-Arnsberg
Château du Fleckenstein
List of castles in France
References
External links
Ruined castles in Bas-Rhin
Monuments historiques of Bas-Rhin
Rock castles
Welty's General Store is a store in Dubois, Wyoming.
Welty's was first established in 1889 in a log cabin just outside of the town, by Frank A. Welty. The store was placed next to the homestead cabin of their father, Dr. Francis Welty. In 1897 George Hays and Huey Yeomans built a general store in Dubois. Welty purchased the store in 1898 and moved their operation into town, dismantling the first building and appending it to the new store. Both buildings were of log construction with an earth roof.
An addition was built in 1915 out to the street. In 1922 more frontage was added, with a log portico at the entrance. Further additions in the 1950s expanded the wings to provide more sales space. A steeply-pitched log-framed roof was added to the front at this time, while the sod-roofed portions remained.
Welty's was a general mercantile store, providing a broad range of merchandise to an isolated community. It also provided other services, functioning as the post office and Dr. Welty's medical office until Dr. Welty's death in 1919. Welty's was a John Deere dealer and stocked farm and ranch supplies. After their passing, the store was operated by their son, Frank A. Welty Jr.
The store was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is operated by the founder's grandson, Frank A. Welty III.
After being closed and boarded up for a couple of years, the store is set to be re-opened in July 2022.
References
External links
Welty's General Store at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Commercial buildings completed in 1889
Buildings and structures in Fremont County, Wyoming
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Dubois, Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Fremont County, Wyoming
1889 establishments in Wyoming Territory
General stores in the United States
Harry Paterson is a Scottish rugby union player for Edinburgh in the Pro14. Paterson's primary position is wing or fullback.
Rugby Union career
Professional career
Paterson signed for Edinburgh academy in June 2020. They made their Pro14 debut in Round 4 of the Pro14 Rainbow Cup against .
Paterson made their international debut for Scotland 7s at the Singapore International 7s competition in April 2022, making 1 appearance. They made their second appearance at the Vancouver International 7s the following week.
External links
itsrugby Profile
References
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Edinburgh Rugby players
Rugby union wings
Rugby union fullbacks
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2013 Houston Texans season was the franchise's 12th season in the National Football League. The Texans failed to improve upon their 12–4 record from 2012, suffering through a season-ending 14-game losing streak following a 2–0 start and missing the playoffs for the first time since 2010. Head coach Gary Kubiak was fired after eight seasons following their eleventh loss (Week 14 vs. the Jacksonville Jaguars). Defensive coordinator Wade Phillips was named the interim head coach for the final three games of the season. Their 14-game losing streak is the worst in team history. Coming off a franchise-best 12–4 record just the year before, the Texans tie a league record with the Houston Oilers (who, coincidentally, also went 12–4 in 1993 and 2–14 in 1994) for the biggest season-to-season decline in win total. On January 3, 2014, claiming that "I'm ready to kick 2013 the hell out the door", Texans owner Robert McNair announced that former Penn State head coach Bill O'Brien would be the Texans' third head coach.
2013 draft class
Draft trades
The Texans traded their fifth-round selection (No. 160 overall) to the St. Louis Rams in exchange for two sixth-round selections from the Rams – Nos. 184 and 198 overall. The Texans later traded the No. 184 selection along with their seventh-round selection (No. 233 overall) to the Oakland Raiders in exchange for the Raiders' sixth-round selection (No. 176 overall).
Staff
Final roster
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Week 1: at San Diego Chargers
The Texans won their fourth straight regular season opener and picked up their first franchise victory against the San Diego Chargers, improving to 1–4 against them on the late game of ESPN's Week 1 Monday Night Football doubleheader. San Diego scored 4 times compared to Houston's 1 to take a 28-7 3rd quarter lead before Houston scored 24 straight points to win 31-28.
Week 2: vs. Tennessee Titans
With the OT win, the Texans improved to 2-0 for the 4th straight year. In a hard fought defensive battle, Tennessee built up a lead as big as 24-16 before Houston sent it to overtime behind Arian Foster's TD run and 2-point conversion with 1:53 to go in regulation. DeAndre Hopkins caught their first career touchdown, which was the game-winning touchdown to give the Texans the 30-24 win. If not for this overtime victory, the 2013 Texans would've became the first team since the 2001 Carolina Panthers to win their opener and lose the remainder of their games.
Week 3: at Baltimore Ravens
The Texans' 14-game losing streak started in Baltimore, where the Ravens pummeled Houston, 30-9. The Texans fell to 2-1. After Houston grabbed a 6-3 lead, the Ravens got a pick-six and a punt return for a touchdown to make it 17-6. Baltimore outscored Houston in the second half 13-3 en route to a 30-9 win.
Week 4: vs. Seattle Seahawks
After falling behind 3-0 at the end of the first quarter, the Texans scored 20 unanswered to build up a 20-3 halftime lead. But with a 20-6 fourth quarter lead, Houston gave up two touchdowns, including a pick-six by Richard Sherman to tie the game at 20. The Seahawks won in overtime 23-20 on Steven Hauschka's 45-yard field goal with 3:23 to go in OT. With the surprising loss, the Texans fell to 2-2.
Week 5: at San Francisco 49ers
Matt Schaub threw another pick-six in a blowout loss to the 49ers. The final was 34-3 and the Texans fell to 2-3.
Week 6: vs. St. Louis Rams
St. Louis had 2 straight defensive touchdowns and they dominated Houston 38-13. Houston dropped to 2-4.
Week 7: at Kansas City Chiefs
Case Keenum got the start in a game that ended with Houston losing 17-16 to Kansas City. They would drop to 2-5.
Week 9: vs. Indianapolis Colts
Battle Red Day
Houston got off to a 21-3 lead, but Indy outscored them 24-3 to win 27-24. Houston dropped to 2-6. At halftime, head coach Gary Kubiak collapsed on the field on their way to the locker room with a Transient Ischemic Attack. Defensive coordinator Wade Phillips took over head coaching duties for the remainder of the game.
Week 10: at Arizona Cardinals
Arizona dominated the second half in a 27-24 win. Houston dropped to 2-7
Week 11: vs. Oakland Raiders
Week 12: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars
Week 13: vs. New England Patriots
The Texans had a lead as much as 17-7 at the half, but fell 34-31 to the Patriots to match their combined number of losses from the previous two seasons (10).
Week 14: at Jacksonville Jaguars
With the Texans dropping to 2-11, Houston was swept by the Jaguars for the first time since 2009.
Week 15: at Indianapolis Colts
Week 16: vs. Denver Broncos
Week 17: at Tennessee Titans
With the loss to Tennessee, Houston lost 14 straight games to close out a disappointing season.
The Texans 14 game losing streak has matched the 1980 Saints and the 1976 Buccaneers.
Standings
Division
Conference
Statistics
Team
Individual
Source:
References
External links
2013 Houston Texans season at ESPN
Houston
Houston Texans seasons
The WikiWikiWeb is the first wiki, or user-editable website. It was launched on 25 March 1995 by programmer Ward Cunningham to accompany the Portland Pattern Repository website discussing software design patterns. The name WikiWikiWeb originally also applied to the wiki software that operated the website, written in the Perl programming language and later renamed to "WikiBase". The site is frequently referred to by its users as simply "Wiki", and a convention established among users of the early network of wiki sites that followed was that using the word with a capitalized W referred exclusively to the original site.
History
The software and website were developed in 1994 by Cunningham in order to make the exchange of ideas between programmers easier. The concept was based on the ideas developed in HyperCard stacks that Cunningham built in the late 1980s. On March 25, 1995, they installed the software on their company's (Cunningham & Cunningham) website, c2.com. Cunningham came up with the name WikiWikiWeb because they remembered a Honolulu International Airport counter employee who told them to take the Wiki Wiki Shuttle, a shuttle bus line that runs between the airport's terminals. "Wiki Wiki" is a reduplication of "wiki", a Hawaiian language word for "quick". Cunningham's idea was to make WikiWikiWeb's pages quickly editable by its users, so they initially thought about calling it "QuickWeb", but later changed their mind and dubbed it "WikiWikiWeb".
, the WikiWikiWeb's WelcomeVisitors page contained the following description in the first two paragraphs:
Hyperlinks between pages on WikiWikiWeb are created by joining capitalized words together, a technique referred to as camel case. This convention of wiki markup formatting is still followed by some more recent wiki software, whereas others, such as the MediaWiki software that powers Wikipedia, allow links without camel case.
In December 2014, WikiWikiWeb came under the attack of vandals, and was put into a read-only state. On February 1, 2015 Cunningham announced that the Wiki had been rewritten as a single-page application and migrated to the new Federated Wiki.
See also
History of wikis
References
External links
WikiWikiWeb ()
The WikiBase software ()
Wiki design principles ()
The history of WikiWikiWeb, including comments by Ward Cunningham ()
Correspondence on the Etymology of Wiki ()
Wiki communities
Perl software
Free wiki software
Internet properties established in 1995
American websites
1995 in computing
The Society for the Study of Christian Ethics (SSCE) is an academic society in the United Kingdom for scholars and practitioners whose work relates to theological ethics and the fields of ethics, politics, religion, philosophy, theology, and public life. It is a not-for-profit member association, serving as a professional and learned society for scholars involved in the academic study of Christian ethics. It draws members principally from across the UK but also Europe, Asia, and the Americas.
The SSCE hosts an annual conference every September and a postgraduate conference every April. The 2020-21 president is Esther Reed. The 2020-21 postgraduate co-conveners are Ann Gillian Chu, David Bennett, and James Hooks. The SSCE has its own journal, Studies in Christian Ethics, published by SAGE Publications.
References
External links
Official Website
Studies in Christian Ethics
Christian ethics
Ethics organizations
Learned societies of the United Kingdom
Study of Christian Ethics
Theological societies
Steve Duke (born 1954) is an American classical and jazz saxophonist noted for their performance of contemporary classical music, particularly computer music.
Education and teaching career
Steve Duke earned both B.M. and M.M. degrees in performance at the University of North Texas. There they studied saxophone performance with Jim Riggs and Dennis F. Diemond. They studied flute with Ralph Johnson and Clare Johnson, oboe with Charles Veazey, and clarinet with Lee Gibson. They studied jazz with Joe Henderson and Joe Daley. While at North Texas, they were awarded the Phi Kappa Lambda Outstanding Soloist Award, the highest award given for classical music performance. Duke also performed in the One O'Clock Lab Band playing lead alto saxophone.
Duke joined the faculty of Northern Illinois University (NIU) in 1980 until their recent retirement in 2011. They were awarded the Presidential Research Professorship at NIU in 1999. In addition to teaching contemporary saxophone repertoire, techniques and performance, Duke also teaches using the Feldenkrais Method.
Repertoire
As a jazz saxophonist, Duke has worked with Joe Williams (jazz singer), Ella Fitzgerald, Zoot Sims, Nelson Riddle, Rosemary Clooney, and Louis Bellson among others. Their first solo album "Monk by 2" featured saxophone and piano duo improvisations with Joe Pinzarrone on the music of Thelonious Monk and was released by Columbia Records in 1994.
Beginning in 1993, they focused on solo contemporary classical music and computer music works. They have premiered and/or recorded more than 20 solo works. Composers who have written solo works for Duke include Larry Austin, William O. Smith, Jan Bach, Cort Lippe, James Phelps, Luigi Ceccarelli, Elainie Lillios, Les Thimmig, Rodney Waschka II, Robert Fleisher, and David Maki.
Of particular importance are BluesAx for alto and soprano saxophones and computer music, by Larry Austin, (for which Austin was the first American composer to receive the Magistere (Magisterium) Award in the 23rd International Electroacoustic Music Competition at Bourges in 1996) and "Veiled Resonance" for soprano saxophone and live interactive electronics, by Elainie Lillios (for which Lillios received a first prize in the 36e Concours Internationale de Bourges in 2009). Saint Ambrose, an opera for soprano saxophonist/actor based on the life of Ambrose Bierce. Saint Ambrose has been widely praised and excerpts have been performed by Duke and John Sampen throughout the United States. Duke recorded Saint Ambrose for Capstone Records.
In 2005, they formed the Steve Duke Trio, which performs new jazz works.
Partial discography
"Monk by 2", New York: Sony/Columbia Records, 1994.
Works by Thelonious Monk
"The Computer in the Computer Age – VI", CDCM Computer Music Series, Volume 23, Baton Rouge: Centaur Records, 1994.
Sax Houses by James Phelps
"Cultures Electroniques/9”, Bourges, France: Serie GMEB/UNESCO/CIME, 1996.
BluesAx by Larry Austin
“Dexter Morrill: Three Concertos”, Baton Rouge: Centaur Records, 1997.
Concerto for Saxophone & Orchestra by Dexter Morrill
"Saint Ambrose", Brooklyn, NY: Capstone Records, 2002.
Saint Ambrose by Rodney Waschka II
References
External links
Steve Duke official site
1954 births
American classical saxophonists
American male saxophonists
American jazz musicians
American jazz saxophonists
Contemporary classical music performers
University of North Texas College of Music alumni
Living people
21st-century saxophonists
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Jay Leitch-Smith (born 6 March 1990), known as A-Jay Leitch-Smith, is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for club Nantwich Town.
A graduate of the Academy at Crewe Alexandra, they played on loan for Halifax Town, Newcastle Town, ÍBV (Iceland), and Curzon Ashton. They spent six years with Crewe, winning the League Two play-offs in 2012 and the League Trophy in 2013. They signed with Yeovil Town in June 2014, but moved on to Port Vale in July 2015 after a poor season with Yeovil. They finished as Port Vale's top-scorer, before moving on to Shrewsbury Town in June 2016. They joined Scottish Premiership club Dundee on loan for the 2017–18 season. They signed with Morecambe in August 2018 and remained with the club for three seasons. They joined National League side Altrincham in August 2021 and moved on to Nantwich Town in July 2022.
Career
Crewe Alexandra
Whilst on the books at Crewe Alexandra as a youth player, Leitch-Smith was loaned out to non-League clubs Halifax Town in November 2008 and Newcastle Town in March 2009. They signed their first professional contract in April 2009, before joining Icelandic club ÍBV on loan. They were recalled from their loan, along with Chris Clements, in early September due to injury problems at Crewe.
They made their League Two debuts for Crewe at Gresty Road in a 3–2 defeat to Bury on 29 September 2009, replacing Joel Grant as a substitute in the 80th minute. This was their only appearance of the 2009–10 season. They joined Curzon Ashton on loan in March 2010. They scored seven goals in ten Northern Premier League appearances, which was enough to win them a new contract at Crewe.
They scored their first goal in the English Football League on 21 August 2010, adding the final goal of the "Railwaymen's" 7–0 win over Barnet. However, they were limited to only 18 appearances in the 2010–11 season as they struggled to step up to first team football, and manager Dario Gradi devised a special pre-season fitness programme in the summer to help them to adapt to senior football.
Leitch-Smith scored nine goals in 44 games in the 2011–12 campaign. They signed a new one-year contract in April 2012, and manager Steve Davis stated "I'd like to think that they can become the 15 to 20 goal a season man we need." On 27 May, they played the first 85 minutes of the League Two play-off Final victory over Cheltenham Town at Wembley Stadium, providing the assist for Byron Moore's goal which secured the 2–0 victory and Crewe's promotion into League One.
They scored six goals in 35 matches in the 2012–13 season. On 7 April they made another appearance at Wembley, as the Alex beat Southend United 2–0 in the Football League Trophy Final; they were an 83rd-minute substitute for Max Clayton. The next month they signed a one-year extension to their existing contract. However, they played just 24 games in the 2013–14 season, scoring two goals. They left Crewe after an eleven-year association with their hometown club, saying they felt like a "part of the furniture" of the club.
Yeovil Town
In June 2014, Leitch-Smith signed for Gary Johnson's League One club Yeovil Town on a two-year contract. They struggled in their first season for the "Glovers", as they were played mostly in a wide position. They only scored twice in 38 appearances and was one of four players offered a contract termination by new manager Paul Sturrock following Yeovil's relegation into League Two at the end of the season.
Port Vale
In July 2015, Leitch-Smith signed a 12-month deal with League One side Port Vale after agreeing to leave Yeovil. They earned the contract after impressing manager Rob Page during pre-season training. They scored their first goal for the "Valiants" on 14 November, with a header that opened the scoring in a 2–1 win at Barnsley. This was to start a sequence of five goals in four games, which was the best scoring run of their career to that point. For their performances they were short-listed for the League One player of the month award. After scoring their sixth goal of the season in a 1–1 draw with Scunthorpe United at Vale Park on 12 December they were named in the Football League Paper's team of the day. They scored four goals in four games in January to go into double figures for the season to earn themselves a nomination for the PFA fans' player of the month award for League One. Chairman Norman Smurthwaite confirmed that Leitch-Smith had rejected the offer of a new contract from the club in May 2016.
Shrewsbury Town
Leitch-Smith signed with League One side Shrewsbury Town in June 2016, along with former Port Vale teammates Ryan McGivern and Louis Dodds. They scored their first goal for the club in the first minute of a first-round League Cup tie against Championship side Huddersfield Town, with Shrewsbury going on to win 2–1. After an indifferent run of form in Micky Mellon's last weeks as manager, they were recalled to the starting eleven by new manager Paul Hurst for an FA Cup first round tie on 5 November, and scored the second goal in a 3–0 victory over Barnet. They were limited to five goals in 12 starts and nine substitute appearances throughout the 2016–17 campaign, and was not allocated a squad number ahead of the following season as they were not in the club's future plans.
On 31 August 2017, they joined Scottish Premiership club Dundee on a five-month loan deal. They made their debut for the "Dee" on 9 September, coming on as a 38th-minute substitute for Scott Allan in a 4–1 defeat at Rangers. They were given their first start at Dens Park seven days later, scoring twice in a 3–2 win over St Johnstone. In January 2018, the loan agreement was extended to the end of the 2017–18 season after "Dee" manager Neil McCann was impressed by the link-up play they made with striker Sofien Moussa despite them being unable to secure a regular place in the starting eleven. They were released by Shrewsbury at the end of the 2017–18 season.
Morecambe
On 8 August 2018, Leitch-Smith signed a one-year contract with League Two side Morecambe; manager Jim Bentley stated that they had "tried to sign them a couple of years ago." They scored six goals in 29 appearances for the "Shrimps" in the 2018–19 season, having missed the second half of the campaign with a hamstring tear. Despite only scoring six goals and missing half the season they ended the campaign as the club's top-scorer and went on to sign a new two-year contract at the Globe Arena. However they were restricted to just eight leagues starts in the 2019–20 season before football was suspended in March due to the COVID-19 pandemic in England. They played just seven times in the 2020–21 promotion season, scoring one goal, and was released at the end of their contract.
Altrincham
On 7 August 2021, Leitch-Smith joined National League side Altrincham. They said that the attractive football played at Moss Lane reminded them of their time at Crewe. They made just four starts during the 2021–22 season, though made a further 15 substitute appearances and scored four goals, claiming one assist.
Nantwich Town
In July 2022, Leitch-Smith returned to their native Cheshire to join Northern Premier League Premier Division side Nantwich Town.
Style of play
Though Leitch-Smith lacks natural athleticism and pace, they are an intelligent and creative attacker with good technical skills and a high work rate. Former teammate Tom Pope stated that Leitch-Smith was "one of the most intelligent strikers... in League One".
Career statistics
Honours
Crewe Alexandra
League Two play-offs: 2012
League Trophy: 2013
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football forwards
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
FC Halifax Town players
Newcastle Town F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja players
Curzon Ashton F.C. players
Yeovil Town F.C. players
Port Vale F.C. players
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
Dundee F.C. players
Morecambe F.C. players
Altrincham F.C. players
Nantwich Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Northern Premier League players
Úrvalsdeild karla (football) players
Scottish Professional Football League players
National League (English football) players
Aleck Ellison "Alex" Irvin (April 5, 1890 – April 25, 1971) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. They played with the Vancouver Millionaires and the Victoria Aristocrats of the Pacific Coast Hockey Association.
Alex Irvin was an older brother of Hockey Hall of Fame member Dick Irvin and although the brothers were born in Hamilton, Ontario they both came up through the hockey ranks in Winnipeg where they played for the Winnipeg Monarchs. On March 10, 1915 the Monarchs captured the Allan Cup as Canadian amateur champions by defeating the Melville Millionaires 4 goals to 2, with Alex Irvin captaining the team.
References
Notes
1890 births
1971 deaths
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Hamilton, Ontario
Vancouver Millionaires players
Victoria Aristocrats players
Winnipeg Monarchs players
First Protestant Reformed Church is Reformed congregation in Grand Rapids, Michigan. This was the first and founding congregation of the Protestant Reformed Churches in America.
History
It was organised in 1879 as East Street Christian Reformed Church. The congregation followed Herman Hoeksema to pull out of the CRCNA and form the Protestant Reformed Churches in America. The congregation adopted the name First Protestant Reformed Church, Grand Rapids in January 1926. A minority remained as East Avenue Christian Reformed Church.
Under Rev. Hoeksemas leadership the congregation thrived in the 1940s. In 1944 Rev. Hubert DeWolf become the second pastor of First Protestant Reformed. Rev J. Hanko joined the staff in 1948. In early 1950s DeWolf begun to preach covenant theology, to appeal to congregants that had come from the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands (Liberated). Rev. Hoeksema opposed this, and believed that the offer of salvation is for only the elected.
After a further schism in 1953, the congregation divided again, one group led by Hoeksema and Hanko, the other by Rev. Hubert De Wolf. This resulted in two denominations called Protestant Reformed Church until the group led by De Wolf reunited with the CRCNA in 1961.
Theology
The church adheres to the Apostles Creed, Heidelberg Catechism, Canons of Dort and Belgic Confession.
Location
The church building is located in southeastern Grand Rapids at the corner of Fuller Avenue and Franklin Street. In 1985 the church relocated to Michigan Street in Grand Rapids.
Pastors
J. Post, 1881–87
S. B. Sevensma, 1887-1900
Johannes Groen, 1900–19
Herman Hoeksema, 1920–53, 1955–64
R. Veldman, 1939–44
Hubert De Wolf, 1944–53, deposed, formed Orthodox Protestant Reformed Churches
Cornelius Hanko, 1948–63
George M. Ophoff, 1953–55
Gise J. Van Baren, 1965–77
Meindert W. Joostens, 1987–95
James Slopsema, 1995–2014
Cory Griess, 2018–present
External links
First Protestant Reformed Church
References
First Protestant Reformed Church in Grand Rapids, Michigan
Reformed churches in Michigan
Religious organizations established in 1879
Churches in Kent County, Michigan
Protestant Reformed Churches in America
Vijay Kumar Patodi (12 March 1945 – 21 December 1976) was an Indian mathematician who made fundamental contributions to differential geometry and topology. They were the first mathematician to apply heat equation methods to the proof of the index theorem for elliptic operators. They were a professor at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai (Bombay).
Education
Patodi was a graduate of Government High School, Guna, Madhya Pradesh. They received their bachelor's degree from Vikram University, Ujjain, their master's degree from the Benaras Hindu University, and their Ph.D. from the University of Bombay under the guidance of M. S. Narasimhan and S. Ramanan at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
In the two papers based on their Ph.D. thesis, "Curvature and Eigenforms of the Laplace Operator" (Journal of Differential Geometry), and "An Analytical Proof of the Riemann-Roch-Hirzebruch Formula for Kaehler Manifolds" (also Journal of Differential Geometry), Patodi made their fundamental breakthroughs.
Research career
They were invited to spend 1971–1973 at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, where they collaborated with Michael Atiyah, Isadore Singer, and Raoul Bott. The joint work led to a series of papers, "Spectral Asymmetry and Riemannian Geometry" (Math. Proc. Cambridge. Phil. Soc.) with Atiyah and Singer, in which the η-invariant was defined. This invariant was to play a major role in subsequent advances in the area in the 1980s.
Patodi was promoted to full professor at Tata Institute at age 30, however, they died at age 31, as a result of complications prior to surgery for a kidney transplant.
References
External links
Concise Biography
20th-century Indian mathematicians
Differential geometers
Indian topologists
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research alumni
Institute for Advanced Study visiting scholars
Vikram University alumni
Banaras Hindu University alumni
University of Mumbai alumni
1945 births
1976 deaths
Scientists from Madhya Pradesh
Mari Edland (born 13 October 1969) is an Australian handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Australian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Stavanger
The 1937 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 13th season in the Victorian Football League and 36th overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
In enzymology, a 3-carboxy-cis,cis-muconate cycloisomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
2-carboxy-2,5-dihydro-5-oxofuran-2-acetate cis,cis-butadiene-1,2,4-tricarboxylate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 2-carboxy-2,5-dihydro-5-oxofuran-2-acetate, and one product, cis,cis-butadiene-1,2,4-tricarboxylate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically intramolecular lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-carboxy-2,5-dihydro-5-oxofuran-2-acetate lyase (decyclizing). Other names in common use include beta-carboxymuconate lactonizing enzyme, and 3-carboxymuconolactone hydrolase. This enzyme participates in benzoate degradation via hydroxylation.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes, with the PDB accession code .
References
EC 5.5.1
Enzymes of known structure
The Federal Correctional Institution, Big Spring (FCI Big Spring) is a low-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Texas. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has a satellite prison camp which houses minimum-security male offenders.
FCI Big Spring is located in the city of Big Spring, Texas, midway between Dallas and El Paso. The town is also the location of the privately owned and operated Big Spring Correctional Center, which contracts with the FBOP to house federal detainees at four physical locations. Both FCI Big Spring and the BSCC occupy buildings and facilities repurposed from the closed Webb Air Force Base.
Notable incidents
While they occur less frequently than at high-security prisons, serious acts of violence also occur at low-security institutions such as FCI Big Spring. On March 6, 2008, FCI Big Spring Correction Officer Terry Lloyd was conducting a search of inmate lockers when inmate Ray Ramirez-Bueno, 45, pushed their locker door shut on Officer Lloyd's right hand, causing Lloyd to suffer a minor injury. When additional correction officers responded to the incident, Ramirez-Bueno refused to submit to hand restraints, assumed a fighting stance, and threatened to kill the officers if they touched him. After a period of negotiation, Ramirez-Bueno agreed to be escorted to a lieutenant's office, where they submitted to hand restraints and sent to the facility's Special Housing Unit, where inmates who pose security risks are held. Ramirez-Bueno was subsequently convicted of assaulting a federal officer on March 11, 2009 and had several years added to their original sentence. They were transferred to the Federal Correctional Institution, Forrest City Low, a low-security prison in Arkansas, and is scheduled for release in 2024.
Notable inmates (current and former)
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Buildings of the United States government in Texas
Prisons in Texas
Buildings and structures in Howard County, Texas
Big Spring
1979 establishments in Texas
was a Japanese samurai who lived during the Azuchi–Momoyama and early Edo periods. They were the daimyō of Fukui Domain in Echizen.
Early life
Hideyasu was born as in 1574, the second son of Tokugawa Ieyasu, by Lady Oman (also known as Lady Kogō), a handmaiden to their wife, Lady Tsukiyama. When Oman became pregnant, Ieyasu feared their wife's wrath, so they sheltered the girl in the home of their retainer Honda Shigetsugu, in Ofumi Village near Hamamatsu Castle, and it was there that Ogimaru and their brother were born.
Oman is said to have given birth to twins, and that Ogimaru's brother succeeded Oman's father as priest of Chiryū Shrine in Mikawa Province.
The young Ogimaru was, for some reason, disliked by their father Ieyasu. It was not until age three that they met Ieyasu, and even that meeting, cold as it was, was not arranged by the father, but instead by Ogimaru's elder half-brother, Matsudaira Nobuyasu. After Oda Nobunaga demanded that Ieyasu order Nobuyasu's seppuku, Ogimaru would have been the next in line to inherit the Tokugawa headship by birth; however, as part of the peace negotiations following the Battle of Komaki-Nagakute, they were given in adoption (in reality as a hostage) to the childless Hashiba Hideyoshi in 1584. Coming of age while living with Hideyoshi, Ogimaru was given the name Hashiba Hideyasu, which combined the names of their adoptive father and biological father. They were also granted courtesy title of Mikawa-no-kami, and their Court rank was Senior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade, raised to Ukonoue-gon-shōshō and Senior Fourth Rank, Lower Grade in 1585
Mature years
Hideyasu took part in their first campaign during the Kyūshū Campaign of 1587, leading the assault on Buzen-Iwaishi Castle. They also received honors for their distinction in the pacification of Hyūga Province. Hideyasu also took part in the Siege of Odawara (1590) and the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–98). Their successes in these campaigns earned them respect as an able field commander, despite their youth.
However, in 1589, a natural son was born to Toyotomi Hideyoshi. Hideyoshi had adopted several promising candidates as heir over the years, and began to give these men in adoption to other great houses to avoid a potential conflict over the succession. Hideyasu was given in adoption in 1590 to Yūki Harutomo of Shimōsa Province, and married Harutomo's niece, becoming Yūki Hideyasu and succeeded to the Yūki headship and its 101,000 koku holding.
Later years
During the Battle of Sekigahara, Yūki Hideyasu was ordered by Ieyasu to remain in their holdings in Shimōsa, possibly because of their pro-Toyotomi sympathies, and possibility because their emergence as a strong military leader might threaten the prestige and position of their younger half-brother, Tokugawa Hidetada. Following the Battle of Sekigahara and the establishment of the Tokugawa shogunate, they were given all of Echizen Province (670,000 koku) as their fief. In 1604, they were allowed to take the surname Matsudaira. In 1605, their court rank was elevated to Senior Third Rank, and their courtesy title to Gon-Chūnagon.
Hideyasu died, possibly from syphilis in 1607, at the age of 34, seven years after the Battle of Sekigahara, eight years before Tokugawa Ieyasu completed the destruction of the Toyotomi clan at the Siege of Osaka. They left a will to their heir urging support for Toyotomi Hideyori even if the Tokugawa decided to attack. Their son and heir, Matsudaira Tadanao ignored their father's will and thus the Echizen-Matsudaira clan survived to the Meiji restoration of 1868.
Family
Father: Tokugawa Ieyasu
Mother: Lady Oman (1548–1620) later Chōshō-in
Wife, concubines, children:
Wife: Tsuruhime, daughter of Yūki Harutomo
Concubine: Nakagawa no Tsubone later Seiryō-in
Matsudaira Tadanao
Matsudaira Tadamasa
Concubine: ???
Kisahime (1598–1655) married Mōri Hidenari
Concubine: Gesshoōin
Matsudaira Naomasa (1601–1666) inherited Matsue Domain
Concubine: Shinryō-in
Matsudaira Naomoto (1604–1648) inherited Himeji Domain
Concubine: Nao no Tsubone later Nagaju-in
Matsudaira Naoyoshi (1605–1678) inherited Ōno Domain
References
External links
Fukui City Museum (in Japanese)
"Fukui" at Edo 300
越前松平氏 (Echizen Matsudaira) at ReichsArchiv.jp
|-
|-
1574 births
1607 deaths
Echizen-Matsudaira clan
Shinpan daimyo
Tokugawa clan
Toyotomi clan
Yūki clan
Alexander Blair was a Scottish rugby union player. They were the 36th President of the Scottish Rugby Union. They became a Colonel in the army and then became President of the British Legion and Chairman of the Earl Haig Fund. An advocate to trade they were a Writer to the Signet. They received a CBE in the New Years Honours List of 1933.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
After attending Loretto School, Blair went to Brasenose College in Oxford. They played for Oxford University, and was in the 1st XV. They were secretary of both the rugby and athletics club of the university.
Administrative career
They were Secretary of the Scottish Rugby Union for 4 years from 1886.
Blair was on the International Rugby Board in 1889.
They became the 36th President of the Scottish Rugby Union. They served one year from 1909 to 1910.
Military career
First as Lieutenant Colonel, then Colonel, Blair commanded the 'Dandy Ninth', the Lothian Regiment of the Royal Scots, in the First World War. In 1916 they were awarded a CMG.
After the war they joined the British Legion where they became treasurer in Scotland.
Law career
Blair's firm, Strathearn and Blair, acted as solicitors for the Scottish Rugby Union. Blair was a Writer to the Signet.
Death
 They are buried in Dean Cemetery in Edinburgh.
References
1865 births
1936 deaths
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Scottish rugby union players
Oxford University RFC players
Rugby union three-quarters
Alessandro Romeo Bragato (1859–1913) played a significant role in the development of the wine industry in Australia and New Zealand.
Early life and career
Romeo Bragato was born fourth in a family of ten children to Giuseppe and Paolina Bragato on 26 February 1859 in the harbor town of Lussinpiccolo now Mali Losinj on the Adriatic island of Lussin (now Losinj). At that time it was part of the Austrian Empire but is now part of Croatia. Their mother Paolina (née Depangher) was Austrian from Vienna. Bragato's early education was at Pirano (Piran) south of Trieste on Istria and at a technical school there. According to their family, Bragato then trained as an architect in Vienna and from 1879-1883 attended the Regia Scuola di Viticoltura ed Enelogia in Conegliano in the heart of the Veneto wine region. Bragato graduated in 1883 and returned to Lussinpiccolo where for a year they were an oenologist at the Provincial Association of Agriculture and later from 1 January 1885 until 1888 viticulturist and cellar master for the Jerolimic brothers.
Time in Australia
Bragato arrived in Melbourne in Victoria, Australia on the Hohenzollen on 31 August 1888. On 19 September before the Royal Commission on Vegetable Products they outlined a scheme of education and development for the Victorian wine industry. They visited the Rutherglen district and met with the vine growers there. They worked the 1889 vintage voluntarily with Hans Irvine at Great Western where they made 10,000 gallons of wine. In November, 1889, they were appointed the Colonial Government's Viticultural Expert and began to tour vineyards, publishing reports in the Board of Viticulture's Journal. For ten years the affable and popular Bragato was Victoria's wine expert providing support for the emerging industry along with protective tariffs, planting bonuses and other incentives. But with fellow junior experts Giovanni Federli and Francois de Castella dismissed in retrenchments following economic downturn in 1892 only Bragato remained to advise the legion of newcomer vignerons brought in on a wave of enthusiasm for the industry and with the promise of bonuses for new plantings.
Bragato's advocacy was conducted in situ and accompanied by field demonstrations of planting and pruning. They typically recommended growers plant Shiraz (Syrah) mixed with Cabernet Sauvignon, perhaps also Malbec or Mataro (Mouvedre). The mainly British derived population of the Australian colonies were not yet wine drinkers in the European manner, so Bragato anticipated the produce of these vines would be mainly for export. Fortunately, the rich, soft dry red wine produced by the warmer Australian areas and known as Australian Burgundy suited the English market. Its competitors were not the fine red wines of Burgundy but equivalent hot and warmer climate styles from South of France, Algeria and other New World locations. Domestic consumers would later enjoy the fruits of Bragato's advice. Bragato was also sensitive to differences of climate and terroir and brought their Italian derived tastes into play. At southerly and similarly cool Geelong recommending Shiraz, Cabernet, Dolcetto and Pinot Noir in the reds with White Hermitage (Marsanne], Riesling and Pineau Blanc (Chardonnay) in the whites. Bragato championed new regions, assisting vignerons in the Avoca and Moonambel district now known as the Pyrenees (Victoria). Other vineyards that Bragato encouraged, such as Dawson's Glenlinton at Whittlesea continued producing fine wines for a generation or more afterwards, the taste and memory of which helped to seed revival of the wine industry in Victoria in the post 1945-era.
Bragato was an early advocate of a viticultural and wine making college for Victoria. The idea languished in the economically depressed years of the early 1890s. But was pushed to a conclusion at Rutherglen after 1894 when the rival Bendigo vineyards were discovered to be infested with phylloxera. They were subsequently destroyed under the Victorian government's draconian eradicationist policies enacted with agreement from the other wine growing colonies of South Australia and New South Wales. Working with the Victorian Public Works Department, Bragato designed a model winery and cellars attached to the Rutherglen Viticultural College, which opened in 1897 on 1,000 acres of land to the south of Rutherglen.
Bragato was bitterly disappointed when passed over as principal of the College. They then considered their situation intolerable when placed subordinate to a new choice of expert imported to tackle Phylloxera, the 26-year old Montpellier-trained Frenchman Raymond Dubois. By 1897 Bragato was openly claiming that “Phylloxera will never be eradicated from Victoria and that our experience will very likely be like that of France, Spain, Italy and other vine growing countries in Europe.” By this stage they had joined forces with international opinion and was an advocating the importation of Phylloxera-resistant American vines and planting on the rootstocks. Considerable resistance remained from established vignerons to American vines and official policy still favoured the eradication of affected vineyards. When Phylloxera was discovered in Rutherglen vineyards in 1899 the Minister for Agriculture, J.W Taverner, forced Bragato's resignation. It was widely accepted that Bragato was made the scapegoat for Phylloxera. Eradicationist policy was effectively abandoned after the Rutherglen outbreak. It was seen subsequently as a factor in the destruction of Victoria's nineteenth century wine industry, which had been the most extensive of the Australian colonies.
Time in New Zealand
In New Zealand the 1894 Flax and Other Industries Committee recommended the establishment of a Department of Agriculture. The committee received considerable lobbying from the developing wine industry. As a consequence of this lobbying, Premier Richard Seddon requested the loan of the services of Romeo Bragato from the Victorian Government in 1895. Bragato arrived in Bluff, and was escorted by government officials to assess prospects for viticulture and wine making in New Zealand.
Their resulting report ‘Prospects of Viticulture in New Zealand' submitted to the Premier on 10th Sept, was very positive and became important in promoting the development of the young wine industry. Their report recommended:
regions suitable for viticulture
formation of district associations
importation of phylloxera resistant vines for grafting
In 1897, Mr. W.J. Palmer, Government Pomologist, planted grapes at the Waerenga (Te Kauwhata) Experimental Station, including: Cabernet Sauvignon, Pinot noir, Pinot Meunier, Chardonnay, Syrah, Riesling, Pinot blanc and Malbec
In 1898, Bragato returned to New Zealand and identifies phylloxera in the Auckland vineyards of Mr Dridgman and Mr Harding of Mt Eden Road, Auckland. They recommended importation of phylloxera resistant cuttings from Europe to counter phylloxera
In 1901, Bragato returned to report on the presence of phylloxera, persuading the Government to import phylloxera resistant vines and rootstocks from California and France. They also visit Waerenga Experimental Station
In 1902, Bragato accepts the post offered the previous year as Government Viticulturist for the New Zealand Department of Agriculture. In this role Bragato:
imports disease resistant stocks distributing them for grafting
begins experimental winemaking at the expanded Waerenga Station
takes control of government vineyards in Hawkes Bay and Tauranga
organises field days for growers and prospective growers at Waerenga
In 1906, Bragato published ‘Viticulture in New Zealand'
In 1908, five wines from the Te Kauwhata Experimental Station won gold medals at the Franco-British wine exhibition. Despite this success official support for the Division of Viticulture began to wither due to the growth of the Temperance Movement
The Viticultural Division of the Department of Agriculture was disbanded in 1909 and Romeo Bragato, frustrated and disillusioned, leaves New Zealand.
Later life
In 1912 they and their family, wife Laura and daughter Miriam, left New Zealand for Canada.
Bragato died in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on 13 December 1913, from natural causes.
See also
Australian Wine
New Zealand wine
Phylloxera
List of wine personalities
References
External links
Viticulturists
New Zealand winemakers
Australian winemakers
1913 deaths
1859 births
Miriam-Rose Ungunmerr-Baumann AM (born 1950) is an Australian Aboriginal activist, educator and artist of the Ngan'gityemerri language group. Ungunmerr-Baumann is the first Indigenous teacher to work in the Northern Territory.  They are the founder of the Merrepen Arts Centre, and the owner of Rak Malfiyin Homeland.  They are also the first Indigenous Australian woman to visit Antarctica. Ungunmerr-Baumann is a "devout Christian" and much of their artwork reflects religious themes. In 2021, they were named Senior Australian of the Year.
Biography
Ungunmerr-Baumann was born in 1950 in Daly River. They were baptized as a Catholic when they were fifteen. As a teenager, they worked as a domestic servant to a teacher who eventually employed them as an assistant teacher. They attended Kormilda College to become a teacher. Ungunmerr-Baumann became the first Indigenous teacher in the Northern Territory in 1975. They used art in their classroom, encouraging children to express themselves. They attended Deakin University and in 1988, received a Bachelor of Arts. In 1993, they became the principal of St. Francis Xavier Catholic School.
Ungunmerr-Baumann became a Member of the Order of Australia in 1998 for their "role in promoting Aboriginal education and art." They were also awarded an honorary doctorate from the Northern Territory University in 2002.
Work
Ungunmerr-Baumann's work uses both Indigenous techniques and "western acrylics." They have worked to encourage elders in Aboriginal communities to pass along artistic techniques to the younger generation.
References
External links
Miriam Rose Foundation
Aboriginal Education
1950 births
Indigenous Australian artists
Members of the Order of Australia
Deakin University alumni
Living people
Australian of the Year Award winners
Joseph R. Fornieri (born June 27, 1965) is an American political historian and Professor of Political Science at the Rochester Institute of Technology.  They are an expert on the political ideology of Abraham Lincoln.
Although Fornieri is primarily professionally focused on Lincoln, their works often contain echoes of ancient Greek society, Christian values, and allusions to significant Rochester figures (such as Susan B. Anthony and Frederick Douglass).
Life and career
Education
 They are a 1987 graduate of SUNY Geneseo.
 They are a member of Alpha Chi Rho fraternity
Academic career
 They are the author/editor of numerous articles and four books on the 16th President, including "Abraham Lincoln, Philosopher Statseman" (2014), "The Language of Liberty: The Political Speeches and Writings of Abraham Lincoln" (2008), and "Abraham Lincoln's Political Faith" (2005). They have also co-edited, with Dr. Kenneth Deutsch, "An Invitation to Political Thought" (2007), an introductory college text on western political thought.
In 2004, they were awarded the Eisenhart Award for Outstanding Teaching for Junior Faculty
In 2005, they were presented the Eisenhart Provost's Award for Excellence in Teaching.
In 2009, they were awarded a Fulbright Fellowship to teach "First Amendment and American Political Thought" in Prague, Czech Republic
In 2010, they were presented the Eisenhart Award for Outstanding Teaching for Tenured Faculty.
1619 Project Criticism
Dr. Fornieri is a critic of the New New York Times 1619 Project, described by the National Association of Scholars as part of "the brigade of historical luminaries who have rallied the opposition to The 1619 Project."
Personal life
They reside in Fairport, New York. Dr. Fornieri is a member of the classic rock and blues band, "The Fornieri Brother's Band."
Books
Fornieri, J. R. (2014). Abraham Lincoln: Philosopher Statesman. 248 pages. Southern Illinois University Press. {https://quod.lib.umich.edu/j/jala/2629860.0036.106/--abraham-lincoln-philosopher-statesman?rgn=main;view=fulltext]
Fornieri, J. R. (2003). Abraham Lincoln's Political Faith. 218 pages. Northern Illinois University Press.
Deutsch, K. L. and Fornieri, J. R. (2005). Lincoln's American Dream: Clashing Political Perspectives. Potomac Books.
Fornieri, J.R. (2003). The Language of Liberty: the Political Speeches and Writings of Abraham Lincoln / Edited by Joseph R. Fornieri. 824 pages. Regnery Publishing, Inc.
References
1965 births
Living people
21st-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
Rochester Institute of Technology faculty
State University of New York at Geneseo alumni
21st-century American male writers
KRGN may refer to:
KRGN-LP, a low-power radio station (98.5 FM) licensed to serve Killeen, Texas, United States
KVWE (FM), a radio station (102.9 FM) licensed to serve Amarillo, Texas, which held the call sign KRGN from 1986 to 2014
A bootable business card (BBC) is a CD-ROM that has been cut, pressed, or molded to the size and shape of a business card (designed to fit in a wallet or pocket). Alternative names for this form factor include "credit card," "hockey rink," and "wallet-size". The cards are designed to hold about 50 MB. The CD-ROM business cards are generally used for commercial product demos, are mailed to prospective customers, and are given away at trade shows.
Although the term "bootable business card" could be applied to any bootable CD-ROM in the business card form factor, it almost always refers one which contains a compact Linux distribution generally containing a suite of system diagnostic and rescue tools and/or demos of specific packages.
History
In 1999 Linuxcare employee Duncan MacKinnon proposed the idea of producing and distributing such a card for an upcoming tradeshow. They and their team of volunteers (fellow employees) coined the phrase "bootable business card".
The premiere version was available at the first LinuxWorld Expo in San Jose, California. The initial press run produced 10,000 copies. Most of those were given away at the show and shipped to Linux users groups in the ensuing months.
Since the project consisted of open source and free software, and the idea was compelling and simple, a number of other Linux BBCs rapidly became available.
The first derivative was produced by the Irish Linux Users Group. Over the years, most of the creators of the original Linuxcare BBC left the company, but have continued to work on the project which is now called the LNX-BBC.
At least one of the boxed Red Hat Linux packages included a system rescue CD in business card form factor.
Many derivatives and clones of the BBC have proliferated. Almost all of these run on PCs. Limited success has been achieved on BBCs and Live CDs on other computing platforms.
The early versions of the Linuxcare BBC were collections of packages that had been precompiled for other distributions (such as Debian and Red Hat Linux from which subsets of files were copied into the directory from which the BBC was "mastered" (the ISO 9660 CD images were built).
Building the entire mini-distribution from source code was the major undertaking of the LNX-BBC project (which formed of the original Linuxcare members with other contributors and volunteers). The first version of the LNX-BBC that was independent from Linuxcare was 1.618 (a number suggested by team member Seth Schoen, an approximation of the golden ratio, or phi (φ), and a tribute to Donald Knuth who uses successively more precise approximations of π for versioning their TeX typesetting system).
Beginning with version 2.0, all LNX-BBC discs are built entirely from source code using the GAR system.
This version was used by the Free Software Foundation as their membership card (given sponsoring members for their donations).
More recently, the 50 MB Damn Small Linux can be put on BBCs. There have also been "BBC" releases of other free operating systems such as FreeBSD.
Operation
The key of the bootable business card is that it runs completely from the CD and the system's memory (RAM), as several "Live" CD versions of Linux have been doing for years. One simply puts the CD into the drive, powers up the computer and ensures that the CD drive is selected for boot before the hard drive.
Once booted, the operating system runs from the CD and out of the system's RAM. Because the business card form factor has such a small capacity the Linuxcare developers typically choose to use a compressed filesystem. This allows the typical BBC to contain about 100 megabytes of software in only about 50 megabytes of disc space.
The original BBC and most of its clones and derivatives will scan the system for recognized filesystems, automatically "mounting" these up in read-only mode. This makes filesystems on any local hard disks accessible while minimizing the risk of inadvertent corruption, deletion or other damage to files on local drives.
A typical BBC contains a suite of networking, back-up and data recovery utilities, which is why they are valued by Linux system administrators as rescue tools.
Many BBCs use the cloop (compressed loopback) driver which provided a compressed read-only filesystem for Linux. Of course they typically have some of the system's memory (RAM) configured as a ramdisk (or perhaps several RAM disks). This typically leaves the CD-ROM drive dedicated for the duration of the system usage. However, some BBCs create a larger ramdisk and copy the entire system off the CD, thus making the drive available for other CDs or DVDs. This is useful because some PCs have only a single CD or DVD drive.
Once booted, these systems provide a UNIX/Linux command line prompt (generally as the root user). Some also provide some very compact graphical user interface (GUI) tools. The LNX-BBC includes a small X (X Window System) server and a web browser called BrowseX (among other tools).
At their core most BBCs are rescue and diagnostics tools for expert professionals, and normal user-operations are catered for better by Live CD distributions.
Alternatives
A number of Linux distributions run from Live CDs, operating in a similar manner to a bootable business card, notably including the Knoppix and Ubuntu distributions. Similarly, Linux distributions can often be configured to run from a USB flash drive, or a similar medium, such as a floppy disk. Some can be booted over a network.
Risks
Bootable business cards may hold malware as bootable media is an easy way for malware to infect a system and unsuspecting users are easily tempted by their novelty. It is also difficult for the average user to determine their contents before booting.
See also
Shaped CD
Live CD
DVD card
References
Compact disc
Zohar Zisapel (born February 15, 1949; ), is an Israeli entrepreneur. They co-founded the RAD Group of companies with their brother, Yehuda.
Life
Early life
Zisapel was born in Tel Aviv, one of three children of immigrant parents from Poland who owned and ran a shoe store on Herzl Street, then one of the city's main arteries. They received public education and upon graduation from high school they enrolled as a student at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology in Haifa. They received their B.Sc. and M.Sc. in electrical engineering from the Technion and later earned an MBA from Tel Aviv University. To help finance their education, they worked in their spare time supplying lighting to Tel Aviv discos.
Following their undergraduate education at the Technion, Zisapel completed their compulsory service in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), after which they were hired by the Electronic Research Department of the Ministry of Defense in Tel Aviv, ultimately serving as its head. They received the Israel Defense Prize in 1979 for their work.
Family
 They are the father of two children: a daughter, Klil, an accomplished artist and Hebrew writer whose books have been translated into German, Dutch and Chinese; and Michael, a physician.
Career
Founding Bynet
In the mid 1970s, Yehuda Zisapel, Zohar's elder brother, founded a small private company that marketed data communications products. The data communications products Bynet distributed in Israel in the later half of the 1970s were all manufactured abroad.
Founding RAD Data Communications
In 1981 Zohar Zisapel resigned from their position at the Ministry of Defense and, together with Yehuda, founded RAD Data Communications Ltd. Operating from small, cramped quarters in the back of Bynet's offices, Zohar oversaw the development of RAD's first product, a miniature modem that would revolutionize the industry. The modems that were then on the market were the size of pizza boxes. RAD's modem, however, could fit into one's hand, and, remarkably, it did not require an independent power source, having been designed to operate instead by utilizing power flowing over the telephone line. One version of this modem, SRM-3, would be recognized by the Guinness Book of Records as the smallest ever manufactured. Within two years of its founding, RAD had become a profitable international manufacturer of access solutions for data communications and telecommunications applications. In 1987 the company had reached $10 million in annual sales. RAD won the Israel Export Prize in 1993, the year in which its sales first exceeded $50 million. It surpassed the $100 million mark in global sales in 1996.
Creating the RAD Group
The Zisapel brothers had expanded their focus beyond miniature modems. While RAD would go on to release its first fiber optic product in 1986 and its first multiplexer one year later, the Zisapels were developing new ideas for communications products for enterprise applications - adapters for servers and security appliances; integrated network management solutions; video conferencing infrastructure and development tools; wireless devices, and other industry niches. But rather than follow the traditional industry paradigm by having their one existing company branch out into new areas beyond its original mandate, the Zisapels decided to found a new company that would focus on each specific industry niche they targeted. This approach grew into the RAD Group, a family of independent companies that develop, manufacture and market solutions for diverse segments of the networking and telecommunications industries.
Business philosophy and corporate values
Business philosophy
What was unique about the Zisapels' business philosophy was that each company would operate independently, without a holding company, but all of the companies would be guided by them under a collective strategic umbrella. Companies may cooperate in the development of their solutions, engage in joint marketing activities and benefit from a common management structure. This decentralized business philosophy was designed to maximize the advantages inherent in smaller business units, such as flexibility, entrepreneurial spirit and management focus. As a result, since 1984, when the RAD Group came into being, it has spawned more than 185 companies, 8 IPOs and 19 mergers and acquisitions.
Charitable work
One of Zisapel's charitable contributions is to donate fully equipped computer rooms to educational institutions that serve children at risk and children from disadvantaged backgrounds. More than ten such projects are undertaken each year by RAD at a cost of approximately $500,000 annually. Zohar and Yehuda Zisapel have also donated $4.5 million to establish the Sara and Moshe Zisapel Nanoelectronics Center at their alma mater, the Technion, named in memory of their parents.
Awards and honors
1994 – Israel Export Award and Entrepreneur of the Year Award
1996 – Hugo Raminceanu Award for Economics
1998 – Named by the Technion as a Distinguished Fellow of its Faculty of Electrical Engineering
1998-2000 – Chairman of the Israel Association of Electronic Industries (IAEI)
1999 – Israeli Industry Life Award
1999-2002 – Member of the planning and budgeting committee of the Council for Higher Education in Israel
2001 – Doctor Honoris Causa from the Technion
2004 – Israel Communications Award
2011 – Lifetime Achievement Award of the Israel Association of Electrical and Electronic Engineers
2013 – Named an Honorary Colleague by the Academic College of Tel Aviv-Yafo
2014 – Life Achievement Award of the Association of Engineers, Architects and Graduates in Technological Sciences in Israel
On its Web site, the Technion lists Zohar Zisapel as one of its most illustrious alumni.
See also
RAD Data Communications
The RAD Group
Technion – Israel Institute of Technology
Adallom
References
External links
VON Magazine - Front cover story, May 2007
25 Years of RAD Group: A Conversation with Zohar Zisapel - by Mae Kowalke, TMCnet, May 22, 2006.
Zisapel Zings Innovating Incumbents - by Light Reading, including a video interview, May 15, 2006.
RAD Group Chairman Zohar Zisapel to Speak at VITAL Summit - by Fred Diamond, September 22, 2002
Video Conference Now or Never? - a recorded lecture of Zohar Zisapel on Blip TV
Living people
Israeli chief executives
Israeli corporate directors
1949 births
Israel Defense Prize recipients
Israeli electrical engineers
Israeli people of Polish-Jewish descent
Israeli philanthropists
Aguaje is a Spanish word with several meanings related to water. When used for its meaning as a watering place, aguaje is a geographic locale which can be a spring, a stream, arroyo or other natural water feature or a well that reliably provides water for people and their livestock. When used for a natural watering place, the word "abrevadero," (which also means a water trough), is sometimes used instead.
Aguaje in this context, are seen particularly in unpopulated, dry or desert locations within the bounds of the old Spanish Empire in North and South America. There Aguaje may also become part of the name of populated places. In the United States they are found in Arizona, California, Colorado, New Mexico and Texas were most have received new English names often translations of the original Spanish name.
Some examples of these are:
Aguaje Canyon a canyon with a stream in Las Animas County, Colorado.
Arroyo Aguaje de la Petaca an arroyo in Taos County, New Mexico.
Aguaje Draw a valley with a stream in Apache County, Arizona.
Aguajes Windmill a locale (well) in Jim Hogg County, Texas
Rancho Aguaje de la Centinela a land grant rancho named for the Aguaje de la Centinela, that is now Inglewood and Westchester a neighborhood in Los Angeles in Los Angeles County, California.
Mud Spring formerly Aguaje Lodoso (Muddy Watering Place), an aguaje, in Los Angeles County, California, one of many along the route of the El Camino Viejo.
References
Locale (geographic)
Tourette Canada (formerly Tourette Syndrome Foundation of Canada) is a Canadian voluntary organization based in Mississauga, Ontario. It was formed in 1976, and is dedicated to improving the quality of life for those with or affected by Tourette syndrome through programs of education, advocacy, self-help and support. It has affiliates in eight Canadian provinces.
Tourette Canada is notable for its publications, including an educator's handbook and the 2004 film Circle of Support, which had its premiere at the National Film Board of Canada and programming, including the Virtual Community for Tourette.
References
External links
Health charities in Canada
Tourette syndrome organizations
Organizations established in 1976
The Ngondo is an annual water-centered festival held by the Sawa (coastal peoples) in Douala, Cameroon. The highlight of the festival is a ceremony of the jengu. The ceremony is held at a beach on Wouri Bay, during which a devotee enters the water to visit the underwater kingdom of the miengu (plural for jengu). The miengu are believed to be similar to mermaids, and will grant good luck to their worshippers. According to tradition, the devotee can remain underwater for hours, and emerge with their clothing appearing completely dry. Children are not allowed to attend the ceremony. Ngondo was banned by the government of Cameroon in 1981, but reinstated in 1991. The ceremony is held during the first two weeks of December every year.
Gallery
References
External links
Festivals in Cameroon
Religious festivals in Cameroon
Cultural festivals in Cameroon
Willie Williams, Jr. (born September 19, 1984) is a former American football defensive tackle. They were signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2008. They played college football at Louisville.
Williams has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles, Florida Tuskers, and Omaha Nighthawks.
Early years
Williams played high school football at Thomson High School, in Thomson, Georgia.
College career
Williams played two seasons at Louisville after transferring from Georgia Military College in Milledgeville, GA. In 2007, they played in 12 games with eight starts and had 31 tackles with 8 sacks. In 2006, they played in 11 games with one start as a junior and recorded 10 tackles with 3 sacks They were part of a Georgia Military College team that posted a 9-2 record . While at Junior College they registered 35 tackles with 3.0 sacks at Georgia Military. Williams also had a stint at Hutchinson Community College in Hutchinson, Kan.
Professional career
St. Louis Rams
Williams was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent. They were waived on July 29, 2009.
Philadelphia Eagles
Williams was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles on August 1, 2009. They were waived on September 4, 2009.
External links
Just Sports Stats
Louisville Cardinals bio
1984 births
Living people
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
American football defensive tackles
Louisville Cardinals football players
St. Louis Rams players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Florida Tuskers players
Omaha Nighthawks players
People from Milledgeville, Georgia
Sacramento Mountain Lions players
The white-breasted babbler (Stachyris grammiceps) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae. It is endemic to the island of Java in Indonesia. Most records are from West Java.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
white-breasted babbler
Birds of Java
white-breasted babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Identity management theory (also frequently referred to as IMT) is an intercultural communication theory from the 1990s. It was developed by William R. Cupach and Tadasu Todd Imahori on the basis of Erving Goffman's Interaction ritual: Essays on face-to-face behavior (1967). Cupach and Imahori distinguish between intercultural communication (speakers from different cultures) and intracultural communication (speakers sharing the same culture).
To understand IMT, it is important to be familiar with Cupach and Imahori's view of identities. Among the multiple identities which an individual possesses, cultural and relational identities are regarded as essential to IMT.
There are two ways of IMT. Cupach and Imahori claim that presenting one's face shows facets of an individual's identity. Whether an interlocuter is able to maintain face or not, reveals their or their interpersonal communication competence. The use of stereotypes in intercultural conversations often results from the ignorance of each other's culture; the application of stereotypes, however, is face threatening. Being able to manage the resulting tensions, is part of intercultural communication competence. For becoming competent in developing intercultural relationships, the following three phases have to be passed:
"trial and error": act of looking for similar aspects in certain identities.
"mixing up" the communicators' identities to achieve a relational identity acceptable for both participants
renegotiating the distinctive cultural identities with the help of the relational identity that was created in phase 2
Cupach and Imahori call these phases "cyclical" as they are gone through by intercultural communicators for each aspect of their identities.
Erving Goffman is an author off of which the originators of IMT based their theory. Goffman was a well-known sociologist and writer and the most cited sociologist from their writings because of what they studied in communication. Among the six essays that make up Goffman's book, the first essay shows an individual's self-image while engaging in communicating with another individual. The author explained that the self-image that is obtained during interacting is not permanent and has a large social influence. The image someone gets in a social setting is than expected for the future. The risk of changing self-image in a social context will alter how the individual feels about oneself. The author was implying that oftentimes the defense mechanism is to retract from showing your self to much in a social setting so others do not see them in a displeasing way. The idea of the identity management theory uses the ideas of Goffman to help establish what the idea behind the theory is trying to get at.
Intercultural verse intracultural communication varies significantly. Intercultural communication is based on a much greater scheme of things. This type of communication refers to a group of people that differ in backgrounds, whether that is religion, ethnic, education, or social backgrounds. Intercultural communication looks at how the world is viewed, how messages are interpreted, and how differing cultures react to situations [Communication ]. On the contrary, intracultural communication discusses how people of the same background interact with one another. I thought it was interesting that there was not a Wikipedia page discussing this concept. It is very important to compare and contrast intercultural communication to understand the similarities and differences. With little research conducted on intracultural communication, I am unable to correlate the two types of communication.
The last concept to expand on is identity. Identity is directly connected with the identity management theory since it helps define what this theory is trying to explain. Even though identity is a very broad topic, I will discuss personal identity through the lens of the individual, which will than effect its social identity. Identity is said to be the "distinct personality of an individual" identity. Identity can be the view that people hold about themselves. Also, identity is the perception that people hold about themselves in a social setting. Identity has many subtopics that distinguish why this theory is specific and different from other identity theories. Specific characteristics explain how people feel about themselves as an individual and in a social setting.
Identity management strategies
Social identity theory suggests that individuals and groups use different identity management strategies to cope with threatened identities.
In a study conducted in Northern Ireland five identity management strategies were tested to see the effects of the person's identity in light of other people.
The five strategies included
Individualization
Social competition
Change of comparison dimensions
Temporal comparisons
Subordinate re-categorization
The five strategies previously listed can further be separated into two subgroups depending on the style of how they are manifested. These two subgroups are:
Individual strategies
Individualization
Subordinate re-categorization
Collective strategies
Social competition
Change of comparison dimensions
Temporal comparisons
See also
cf. Identity management
References
Cupach, William R. and Tadasu Todd Imahori. (1993), "Identity management theory: Communication competence in intercultural episodes and relationships", in R. L. Wiseman and J. Koester (eds.), Intercultural communication competence, 112-131, Newbury Park, CA: Sage.
Goffman, Erving. (1967), Interaction ritual: Essays on face-to-face behavior. Garden City, NY: Anchor.
Gudykunst, William B. (2003), "Intercultural Communication Theories", in: Gudykunst, William B (ed.), Cross-Cultural and Intercultural Communication, 167-189, Thousand Oaks: Sage.
Identity management
Interpersonal communication
The 1997–98 NBA season was the 30th season for the Seattle SuperSonics in the National Basketball Association. In the off-season, the Sonics acquired All-Star forward Vin Baker from the Milwaukee Bucks in a three-team trade. The team also re-acquired former Sonics star and sharp shooter Dale Ellis from the Denver Nuggets, and signed free agents Jerome Kersey, and Greg Anthony. The Sonics got off to a fast start with a 13–3 record after a 7-game winning streak in November, despite losing Kersey to a stress fracture in their left foot as they only played just 37 games. The team posted an 8-game winning streak between December and January winning 29 of their first 35 games, then later on holding the league's best record before the All-Star break with a 37–10 record. as they finished first place in the Pacific Division tied with the Los Angeles Lakers with a 61–21 record.
Baker and Gary Payton both led the team in scoring with 19.2 points per game each, and were both selected for the 1998 NBA All-Star Game, with head coach George Karl coaching the Western Conference. Payton was also named to the All-NBA First Team, and the NBA All-Defensive First Team, as they led the Sonics with 8.3 assists and 2.3 steals per game, while Baker also contributed 8.0 rebounds per game, and Detlef Schrempf provided the team with 15.8 points and 7.1 rebounds per game. In addition, Ellis played a sixth man role, averaging 11.8 points per game off the bench, while shooting .464 in three-point field goal percentage, and Hersey Hawkins contributed 10.5 points and 1.8 steals per game. Payton finished in third place in Most Valuable Player voting, while Baker finished in eighth place. Payton also finished in second place in Defensive Player of the Year voting, and Ellis finished in third place in Sixth Man of the Year voting.
In the Western Conference First Round of the playoffs, the Sonics struggled as they trailed 2–1 to the 7th-seeded Minnesota Timberwolves, but managed to win the series in five games. In the Western Conference Semi-finals, the Sonics faced the 3rd-seeded Lakers, winning Game 1 at home, 106–92. However, they would lose the next four games to the Lakers, thus the series.
Two weeks after their elimination, Karl was fired as head coach in late May, then was hired three months later by the Milwaukee Bucks, while long-time Sonics guard Nate McMillan retired after only playing just 18 games this season due to knee surgery. Also following the season, Sam Perkins signed as a free agent with the Indiana Pacers, while Kersey signed with the San Antonio Spurs, Anthony signed with the Portland Trail Blazers, Jim McIlvaine was traded to the New Jersey Nets, and David Wingate signed with the New York Knicks.
Draft picks
Roster
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Game log
Playoffs
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1
| April 24
| Minnesota
| W 108–83
| Vin Baker (25)
| Vin Baker (12)
| Gary Payton (7)
| KeyArena17,072
| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 2
| April 26
| Minnesota
| L 93–98
| Gary Payton (32)
| Detlef Schrempf (10)
| Nate McMillan (6)
| KeyArena17,072
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 3
| April 28
| @ Minnesota
| L 90–98
| Gary Payton (26)
| Vin Baker (12)
| three players tied (5)
| Target Center19,006
| 1–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 4
| April 30
| @ Minnesota
| W 92–88
| Payton, Hawkins (24)
| Vin Baker (12)
| Gary Payton (8)
| Target Center19,006
| 2–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 5
| May 2
| Minnesota
| W 97–84
| Gary Payton (29)
| Detlef Schrempf (11)
| three players tied (4)
| KeyArena17,072
| 3–2
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1
| May 4
| L.A. Lakers
| W 106–92
| Gary Payton (25)
| Hawkins, Baker (8)
| Gary Payton (6)
| KeyArena17,072
| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 2
| May 6
| L.A. Lakers
| L 68–92
| Vin Baker (13)
| Detlef Schrempf (8)
| Gary Payton (5)
| KeyArena17,072
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 3
| May 8
| @ L.A. Lakers
| L 103–119
| Detlef Schrempf (26)
| Vin Baker (12)
| Gary Payton (13)
| Great Western Forum17,505
| 1–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 4
| May 10
| @ L.A. Lakers
| L 100–112
| Gary Payton (31)
| Gary Payton (8)
| Gary Payton (13)
| Great Western Forum17,505
| 1–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 5
| May 12
| L.A. Lakers
| L 95–110
| Vin Baker (28)
| Vin Baker (9)
| Hersey Hawkins (6)
| KeyArena17,072
| 1–4
|-
Player statistics
NOTE: Please write the players statistics in alphabetical order by last name.
Season
Playoffs
Awards and records
Awards
Gary Payton, All-NBA First Team
Gary Payton, NBA All-Defensive First Team
Records
Transactions
Trades
Free agents
Additions
Subtractions
See also
1997–98 NBA season
References
Seattle SuperSonics seasons
Giacomo Maria Brignole Sale (1724 – 1801) was the 176th and 184th Doge of the Republic of Genoa, respectively from 1779 to 1781 and from 1795 to 1797. They were the last doge in the history of the Republic, and the only one elected twice, a unique case in the history of that Republic for the biennial election doges. After Brignole's dogeship the Genoese state and the office were abolished.
Life as the Doge of the Republic
First term
The coronation ceremony was held on 13 September 1779 inside the Church of Santi Ambrogio and Andrea, since the Palazzo Ducale's hall of the Grand Council was not accessible due to the fire of 1777, and subsequent reconstruction work. The first term of Doge Brignole was marked by a virulent smallpox epidemic which quickly spread throughout the Republic and by the numerous incursions of the Barbary pirates along the coasts of Liguria. A fortunate expedition against the raiders, mounted by Gerolamo Durazzo, Brignole's brother-in-law, allowed Captain Giovanni De Marchi to kidnap several Xebecs off Bordighera. taking more than fifty.
Brignole left office on 4 March 1781, entering the junta of the Borders and then that of the Jurisdiction; from 1788 to 1796 they were the principal state inquisitor and in this capacity they managed to approve, at the end of 1790, a new stricter regulation of censorship.
Second term
In a climate now surreal and close to decline, Giacomo Maria Brignole was elected on 17 November 1796 once again a Genoese doge, a unique fact in the secular history of the Republic of Genoa. For the difficult moment they refused any kind of celebration and the consequent coronation ceremony.
With Napoleon increasingly at the western gates of the Republic of Genoa, the policy of Doge Brignole was based entirely on the neutrality of the Genoese state which did not want and should not join the Austro-Sardinia coalition against France. The situation began to precipitate for the customs government with the increasingly victorious Napoleonic battles and which inevitably sparked the first "followers" among the noble representatives and among the Genoese people. The same representative of France residing in Genoa, Guillaume-Charles Faipoult, had direct orders from Napoleon to follow events in the capital of the republic. In May 1797, arrests of some Jacobin rioters followed, which caused unrest in the city and in fact now divided the minds of the Genoese in favor or against the ever-growing Napoleonic power.
The doge's son Gian Carlo Brignole also participated in the clashes with the Genoese Jacobins.
Now pressured by troops from across the Alps, they agreed with the senators to send an embassy to Bonaparte, who negotiated the establishment of a provisional government headed by the same doge Giacomo Maria Brignole on 14 June 1797, with the aim to draft a democratic constitution.
Under Napoleon's rule
In a Republic of Genoa almost canceled by the Napoleonic events, the figure of the ex doge Brignole was chosen as the representative of a provisional government of the newly constituted Ligurian Republic, whose power was concentrated in the role of the doge and twelve senators, as well as various representatives pro-French and pro-Bonapartist nobility.
However, the title of doge was abolished on 17 June that year - after the observations made by the lawyer Gaetano Marré of Borzonasca to the Municipality and to the doge himself. it was replaced with the title "President of the provisional government of the Ligurian Republic", descriptive of Brignole's effective role. They maintained in this precarious role, absenting themselves whenever possible, until 17 January 1798, when a Directory took over.
Later years
In August 1798 some important people of the former Republic of Genoa, defined "dangerous individuals", were expelled from the state, among them Brignole, Stefano Rivarola, the brothers Girolamo, Giovanni Battista Serra and the Jacobean marquis Gaspare Sauli. Of the group, the two Serra brothers went to Milan, Giacomo Maria Brignole and Gaspare Sauli to Florence and Stefano Rivarola to their Chiavariese lands.
Brignole took up residence at the convent of San Paolino in Florence where they died on 21 December 1801.
Personal life
Brignole married Barbara Durazzo, with whom they had six children. The eldest son Gian Carlo was finance minister of the Kingdom of Sardinia from 1816 to 1824.
The Palazzo Gio Carlo Brignole in Genoa was their property until 1798.
References
See also
Doge of Genoa
Republic of Genoa
Giacomo Maria
1724 births
1801 deaths
18th-century Doges of Genoa
Avanzino Nucci (c. 1552–1629) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance period.
Biography
They were born in Gubbio and died in Rome. They trained with Niccolò Circignani (il Pomarancio). Bernardino Gagliardi was one of their pupils. Their paintings can be found in the Roman churches of San Rocco all'Augusteo, San Silvestro al Quirinale, and San Paolo fuora le Mura. Some more paintings dated 1596 are in the portico of the former Carthusian Monastery and now museum of San Martino in Naples. They depict the Foundation of the Carthusian order by St Bruno of Cologne, the Approval of the order by the Pope Urban II and the Meeting of the Saint with the Norman king Roger I of Sicily.
 They are said to have painted in the church of the Annunziata (1627) and in the church of San Benedetto (1620) in Gualdo Tadino.
References
1550s births
1629 deaths
People from Gubbio
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Pichi Richi may refer to the following items in South Australia:
Pichi Richi Pass, a pass - refer List of mountain passes
Pichi Richi Railway, a heritage railway
A Hundred of Pichi Richi, a cadastral unit
Jan Albertus Jacobus Pickard (25 December 1927 – 30 May 1998) was a South African rugby union international who played as a lock. Born in Paarl and a product of Stellenbosch University, Pickard made their provincial debut for Western Province in 1951. They were the grandfather of Francois Louw, who also played for Western Province and South Africa. Pickard was selected to represent South Africa on the 1951–52 tour of Great Britain and France, although they were not selected for any of the Test matches. Their first appearance in a Test match came in September 1953, against Australia in Durban. South Africa won the game 18–8, this was followed by a further victory over Australia a week later—a 22–9 victory in Port Elizabeth, which Pickard also took part in. The next time Pickard was selected for South Africa was for the 1956 tour of Australia and New Zealand. They were selected to play in the second Test of the four match series against New Zealand and played as a number eight in an 8–3 South Africa victory. Pickard made their final appearance for South Africa in August 1958 against France at Ellis Park in Johannesburg. France won the game 9–5, with Pickard playing in their usual position at Lock. Pickard died in Cape Town in May 1998 at the age of 70.
References
Afrikaner people
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
1927 births
1998 deaths
Sportspeople from Paarl
Rugby union players from the Western Cape
Rugby union locks
Western Province (rugby union) players
The Deputy President of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom is the second most senior judge of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom, after the President of the Supreme Court. The office is equivalent to the now-defunct position of Second Senior Lord of Appeal in Ordinary, also known previously as the Second Senior Law Lord, who was the second highest-ranking Lord of Appeal in Ordinary.
By Royal Warrant of Queen Elizabeth II published on 1 October 2009, a place for the Deputy President of the Supreme Court in the order of precedence was established: the Deputy President of the Supreme Court ranks after the Master of the Rolls and before the other Justices of the Supreme Court.
List of Second Senior Lords of Appeal in Ordinary
The Lord Goff of Chieveley (1994 – 1996)
The Lord Slynn of Hadley (2000 – 2002)
The Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead (2002 – 2007)
The Lord Hoffman (2007 – 2009)
The Lord Hope of Craighead (20 April 2009 – 1 October 2009)
List of Deputy Presidents of the Supreme Court
References
External links
The Supreme Court
Law lords
Lists of judges in the United Kingdom
Judiciaries of the United Kingdom
Deputy President
Emily Overend Lorimer OBE (10 August 1881-June 1949), also published as E. O. Lorimer, was an Anglo-Irish journalist, linguist, political analyst, and writer.
Life
Emily Martha Overend was born in Dublin on 10 August 1881, the daughter of Thomas George Overend, barrister and county court judge, and their wife Hannah (née Kingsbury). They had a sister and two brothers. They were an Anglo-Irish family and Lorimer was educated in Trinity College Dublin where they studied Modern Languages and finished there in 1904. They went on to finish their education at Somerville College, Oxford in 1906. Lorimer spend 1907 in Munich at the University. They married David Lockhart Robertson Lorimer in 1910 in Christ Church, Leeson Park, Dublin.
They worked as a tutor in Germanic Philology for Somerville College, Oxford where, in their spare time, they learned Sanskrit. David's sister, Hilda took the position of vice-principal of Somerville College during the second world war. In fact it was through their friendship with Hilda that Lorimer met their husband. Lorimer tended to go along with their husband's work and when they moved they traveled with him. They worked as their private secretary when they were in the Middle east. They also worked as editor of 'Basrah Times' during World War I and they were connected with the Red Cross. Lorimer was a resident of Cairo during the Arab Revolt. During the 20s and 30s they were one of Britain's leading commentators on Adolf Hitler and Nazism. Working for Faber and Faber they translated their works along with other German language authors including Gustav Krist. Lorimer took up their scholarship when their husband retired in 1927. They had continued to learn new languages and study. They loved when their husband had overseas postings. Lorimer was not in favour of Arab independence nor of Irish home rule. They didn't believe in women's suffrage. However they described themselves as passionate about Arab language and literature even if they aren't able to understand the culture. They and their husband were awarded the Burton Memorial Medal by the Royal Asiatic Society in 1948. They had also been awarded an OBE.
The Lorimers adopted a daughter who later became Mrs. Munro.
Bibliography
Author
What Hitler Wants, 1939
Language Hunting in the Karakoram, 1939
Germany's Third Empire, 1934
Translator
Persian Tales, 1919
Frederick the Second, 1194–1250, 1931: Translated from German
Their Excellency the Spectre: the life of Fritz von Holstein, 1933: Translated from German
Prisoner in the forbidden land, 1938: Translated from German
Twilight in Vienna, 1938: Translated from German
Christian the Ninth, 1939: Translated from German and Danish
A scientist in Tartary: from the Hoang-ho to the Indus, 1939
The sociology of the colonies, 1949
Daily life in ancient Rome, 1941: Translated from French
Alone through the forbidden land:journeys in disguise through soviet Central Asia, 1938
Men of letters and the English public in the eighteenth century, 1660-1744, 1948
Via Dolorosa, 1948: Translated from Dutch
Cicero: the secrets of their correspondence, 1951: Translated from French
Editor
The Arab of the desert: a glimpse into Badawin life in Kuwait and Sau'di Arabia by H.R.P. Dickson, 1949
Chapters
Never again! (The fight against the lie), 1942
References and sources
1881 births
1949 deaths
Anglo-Irish writers
Journalists from Dublin (city)
Alumni of Somerville College, Oxford
Fellows of Somerville College, Oxford
20th-century Irish translators
"Flower" is the sixth single by L'Arc-en-Ciel, released on October 17, 1996 it reached number 5 on the Oricon chart. The single was re-released on August 30, 2006.
Track listing
Chart positions
References
1996 singles
L'Arc-en-Ciel songs
Songs written by Hyde (musician)
1996 songs
Ki/oon Music singles
Christopher Drummond Hay (born 28 August 1974) is a Scottish former professional footballer. They played as a striker for Celtic, Swindon Town, Huddersfield Town, St Johnstone and Stirling Albion.
Hay began their professional career at Celtic in 1993, but only managed to make 26 league appearances in four years. They joined English club Swindon Town in 1997, and in just under a century of league appearances they scored 32 goals. In 2000, Hay moved to Huddersfield Town and spent two less successful seasons at the McAlpine Stadium.
Hay returned to Scotland in 2002 with Billy Stark's St Johnstone. They were Saints' top scorer in their first season, notching nine league goals. They went on to make 70 league appearances for the Perth club before joining Stirling Albion in 2005. They scored a hat-trick against Forfar Athletic on 3 December 2005.
External links
Notes
1974 births
Living people
Footballers from Glasgow
Scottish footballers
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Celtic F.C. players
Swindon Town F.C. players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
St Johnstone F.C. players
Stirling Albion F.C. players
Association football forwards
Abigail is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión between 1988 and 1989. It was written by Elizabeth Alezard, Alberto Gómez, Mariana Luján, Amparo Montalva, and María Helena Portas and directed by Tito Rojas. This telenovela lasted 257 episodes and was distributed internationally by RCTV International. Starring Catherine Fulop and Fernando Carrillo. The antagonist is Hilda Abrahamz.
Synopsis
It tells the story of the capricious Abigail Guzmán (Catherine Fulop) the only daughter of a wealthy business person, beautiful and troubled, who falls in love with Professor Carlos Alfredo Ruiz Aponte (Fernando Carrillo) who teaches their literature classes at the San Lázaro school. Abigail manages to conquer professor Carlos Alfredo and they immediately have a son, whom they give to an unknown taxi driver in a moment of mental delirium. Abigail will fight for many years to get their son back and to regain the love of Carlos Alfredo, whom they blame for the loss of their child. Their son, Cheíto, will reappear years later one day when, out of necessity, they break into Abigaíl's mansion. Abigail will also have to deal with the twin sisters, María Clara (Hilda Abrahamz) and María Begoña (Hilda Abrahamz) who try to take away their love. The story will be an odyssey of a love that will overcome a wrong marriage, a crisis of madness, a son, some strange parents, until the happy union of Abigail and Carlos Alfredo.
Cast
Catherine Fulop as Abigail Guzmán de Ruiz
Fernando Carrillo as Prof. Carlos Alfredo Ruiz Aponte
Hilda Abrahamz as María Clara Martínez/María Begoña Martínez
Roberto Moll as Álvaro dos Santos Ortiz
Astrid Carolina Herrera as Amanda Riquelme
Adolfo Cubas as Leonel Santana
Inés María Calero as Bárbara Urdaneta
Crisol Carabal as Rosario "Charito" Santana
Ileana Jacket as Estrella Monsalve
Karl Hoffman as Daniel Morales
Gledys Ibarra as Pastora
América Barrios as Madre Teresa
Rosita Vásquez as Berta Aponte Vda. de Ruiz
Guillermo Ferrán as Guillermo Guzmán
Carmen Alicia Mora as Ana Leónidas Guzmán
Omaira Coromoto Rivero as Susana Pérez
Sandra Juhasz as Matilde Izaguirre
Estrella Castellanos as Rita Monsalve
Zulay García as Lucía Martínez
Virginia Urdaneta as Carlota Martínez
Manuel Carrillo as Carlos Alfredo "Cheíto" Martínez/Carlos Alfredo "Cheíto" Ruiz Guzmán
Hylene Rodríguez as Mariana Ruiz Guzmán
Dalila Colombo as Rosalba Maldonado
Romelia Agüero as Blanca Cabrera
Marisela Buitrago as Viviana López
Helianta Cruz as Mónica Salvatierra
Antonio Machuca as Jean Louis René Goduón
Aidita Artigas as Balbina López
Gabriela Gerbes as Silvia Oropeza
Rita De Gois as Prof. Ninoska Sepúlveda
Domingo del Castillo as Joaquín Martínez
Manuel Gassol as Prof. José Rafael Pereira
Alejandro Delgado as Dr. Freddy Avellaneda
Laura Brey as Sonia "La Malvaloca" Ibarra
Ricardo García as Marcos "El Látigo" Rodríguez
Marcial Coronado as Joao
Elio Pietrini as Rubén
Katherina Sperka as Tatiana
Vicky Franco as Leandra
Dolores Beltrán as Javiera
Zuleima González as Pamela
Alexander Montilla as Fernando
Lolymar Sánchez as Zulayta
Ileana Alomá as Elizabeth
Bonnie Morín as Julia
Carmen Landaeta as Ruperta
Roberto Luque as León Felipe
Vanessa as Sandra
Ignacio Navarro as Gaitán
Lourdes Medrano as Maruca
Evelyn Berroterán as Chela
Dante Carlé as Father Agustín
Felipe Mundarain as Commissar Bressanutti
Nelson Segre as Insp. Camacho
Leonardo Oliva as Prof. Oropeza
María del Pilar as Dir. Arismendi
Theme song
The theme songs to Abigail were:
1. De carne y hueso - Pedro Pardo.
2. Selva - Elisa Rego (author: Jose Ignasio Martin).
3. Blanco y Negro Elisa Rego (author: Jose Ignasio Martin).
4. Ya no hay más que hablar María Jimena Pereira (author: Carlos Nilsson, Argentina Broadcast Telefe)
References
External links
1988 telenovelas
1988 Venezuelan television series debuts
1989 Venezuelan television series endings
RCTV telenovelas
Venezuelan telenovelas
Spanish-language telenovelas
Television shows set in Venezuela
Sorelle Lumière is an album by Italian singer Mina, issued in 1992. This is a double album issued as "CD. 1" and "CD. 2 ".
The Album
The album draws inspiration and pays homage to the Lumière brothers. The cover image sees the singer transformed into "a film projector with two coils instead of hair, the gears in the brain and the images that arise from the eyes". The images on the inside of the disc sleeve sees Mina become "dark" and, looking in the mirror, notice a "M" drawn on their back, quote of the movie M - Il mostro di Düsseldorf (M - The Monster of Düsseldorf) by Fritz Lang.The whole disc becomes "a film that unfolds in their head, a long movie twenty songs maybe an old melodrama, strong colors, a sentimental story without a happy end ". "If the first volume is elegant, intense" - "more diverse and suffused atmospheres velvety", in the album of unreleased "the broad melodies are full of sadness, moans of desperate women and love" , "a firework of unpredictable invention, of complex stories, twisted, men who do not understand, of women who suffer, they get bored, they dream".
The Tracks
In Anima near, in which Mina good counselor and also a man gives way to a Mina angry and disappointed.
In Se Poi, Carlo Marrale writes the lyric “soffro, bevo e mi rovino, lo so”, perché “le eroine subiscono sempre” which means "I suffer, I drink and I ruined, I know," because "the heros suffer forever".
In Uomo ferito, Mina becomes more comprehensive and becomes a comforter and says (uomo ferito come un passero che non vola più) - " a wounded man as a bird that does not fly anymore” regains the light thanks to the love of their woman.
The song Neve, which opens with a Gregorian chant, sees the beginning of a long and fruitful collaboration between Mina and Audio2. The song was also produced a short promotional video which featured Platinette in the role of Rita Hayworth, version Lady of Shanghai, repeating the famous scene of the shooting in the mirror.
In La follia, Mina sings of the final madness that “sfocia nel fogliettone di un torbido delitto” - "flows into a serial story, a murky crime" (Ormai non sento più la voce sua da vile incantatore... Il mio pugnale è lì, piantato lì, al centro del suo cuore... ) - "I no longer feel the voice from their vile charmer ... My dagger is there, planted there, at the center of their heart. .. " - and represents the final act of this new chapter where Mina retracts like a monster, marked by the sign M, and the subject of fetishism from cinema".
The album also covers three songs, Come stai, Non avere te and Robinson, originally released on Massimiliano Pani's debut album, L'occasione (1991). Come stai was re-recorded as a duet with Pani for this album.
Track listing
CD. 1
CD. 2
Other VersionsE poi...''
Original version released on the album Frutta e verdura.
Live version released on the album Mina Live '78.
Spanish version, titled "Y que?", released on the album Colección Latina.
German version, titled "Und dann", released on the album Heisser Sand.
English version, titled "Runaway", released as a dual single titled Runaway/I Still Love You.
French version, titled "Et puis ça sert à quoi" from the album Mina (French version '76)
References
1990 albums
Mina (Italian singer) albums
Mangaroa is a rural settlement just outside of Upper Hutt, situated in the lower North Island of New Zealand. It includes lifestyle blocks and farms surrounded by hills, which are usually covered by a dusting of snow during the winter.
The former Mangaroa Railway Station is located at Mangaroa.
Mangaroa has its own indie rock radio station, andHow.FM.
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "long stream" for Mangaroa.
Demographics
Mangaroa statistical area covers . It had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Mangaroa had a population of 2,034 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 156 people (8.3%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 423 people (26.3%) since the 2006 census. There were 681 households. There were 1,035 males and 999 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.04 males per female. The median age was 43.7 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 384 people (18.9%) aged under 15 years, 342 (16.8%) aged 15 to 29, 1,104 (54.3%) aged 30 to 64, and 204 (10.0%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 94.7% European/Pākehā, 6.8% Māori, 0.9% Pacific peoples, 1.9% Asian, and 2.5% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 21.2%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 52.5% had no religion, 34.8% were Christian, 0.1% were Hindu, 0.4% were Buddhist and 2.7% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 408 (24.7%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 183 (11.1%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $47,100, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 993 (60.2%) people were employed full-time, 267 (16.2%) were part-time, and 48 (2.9%) were unemployed.
Education
Mangaroa School is a co-educational state primary school for Year 1 to 6 students, with a roll of as of .
References
External links
Mangaroa River
Suburbs of Upper Hutt
The 1902 Northwestern Purple football team was an American football team that represented Northwestern University during the 1902 Western Conference football season. In its fourth season under head coach Charles M. Hollister, the team compiled a 6–6 record (0–4 against Western Conference opponents), won its first five-game before losing six of seven games, and finished in a tie for last place in the Western Conference.
Schedule
References
Northwestern
Northwestern Wildcats football seasons
Northwestern Purple football
Los Abuelos de la Nada (the Grandparents of Nothingness) is the first studio album of Argentine rock group Los Abuelos de la Nada. It was published in 1982, after 12 years of inactivity grouping Miguel Abuelo, and produced by Charly Garcia. Among the songs stand out successes "Sin Gamulán", "No te enamores nunca de aquel marinero bengalí", "Tristeza de la ciudad", "Ir a mas", "Guindilla ardiente", "Te vas rica" and "Creo que es un sueño mas".
Track listing
No te enamores nunca de aquel marinero bengalí [Don't Ever Fall In Love With That Bengali Sailor] (Miguel Abuelo, Cachorro López, Gustavo Bazterrica, Andrés Calamaro) (5:48)
Sin Gamulán [Without A Coat] (Calamaro) (3:15)
En la cama o en el suelo [In Bed Or On The Floor] (Abuelo) (4:03)
Como debo andar [How Shall I Walk] (Gustavo Bazterrica) (3:25)
Ir a más [Go Further] (Abuelo, Charly López) (3:28)
Tristeza de la ciudad [City Sadness] (Gringui Herrera]) (3:37)
Creo que es un sueño más [I Think It's Another Dream] (Abuelo, López) (3:46)
Levantando temperatura [Rising Temperature] (Calamaro) (2:29)
Guindilla ardiente [Burning Chili] (Abuelo, López) (3:58)
Te vas rica [You Go Hot] (Bazterrica) (4:51)
Se me olvidó que te olvidé [I Forgot That I Forgot You] (Ismael Molá) (2:03)
Personnel
Miguel Abuelo: lead vocals, percussion
Andrés Calamaro: keyboards, vocals
Cachorro López: bass, backing vocals
Gustavo Bazterrica: guitar, vocals
Daniel Melingo: saxophone, clarinet, backing vocals
Polo Corbella: drums
1982 debut albums
The 1984 UCLA Bruins softball team represented the University of California, Los Angeles in the 1984 NCAA Division I softball season. The Bruins were coached by Sharron Backus, who led their tenth season. The Bruins played their home games at Sunset Field and finished with a record of 45–6–1. They competed in the Western Collegiate Athletic Association, where they finished first with a 7–3 record.
The Bruins were invited to the 1984 NCAA Division I Softball Tournament, where they swept the West Regional and then completed a run through the Women's College World Series to claim their second NCAA Women's College World Series Championship. The Bruins had earlier claimed an AIAW title in 1978 and the first NCAA event in 1982.
Personnel
Roster
Coaches
Schedule
References
UCLA
UCLA Bruins softball seasons
1984 in sports in California
Women's College World Series seasons
NCAA Division I Softball Tournament seasons
Shanna Annette Zolman (born September 7, 1983) is an American professional basketball player, most recently for the Tulsa Shock of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They attended college at the University of Tennessee and graduated in 2006 with a degree in Broadcasting. Following their collegiate career, they were selected 16th overall in the 2006 WNBA Draft by the San Antonio Silver Stars.
Early life
Zolman is the daughter of Kem and Lynnette Zolman, and has one brother, Joshua. They were also married to former Tennessee running back Andrew Crossley on October 14, 2006. Shanna played at Wawasee High School in Syracuse, Indiana. In their high school career they scored a record 3,085 points, passing former Purdue Guard Stephanie White-McCarty (2,869) as most in Indiana basketball history. They led the state in scoring each of their 4 years at Wawasee High School, while posting a career scoring average of 33.2 points per game. They hold the national record in three categories: all-time consecutive free throws (70), career free-throw percentage (93.5%), and season free-throw percentage (95.4%). Them career totals for high school include 3,085 points, 730 rebounds, 453 steals and 430 assists in 93 games. Zolman was named a WBCA All-American. They participated in the 2002 WBCA High School All-America Game, where they scored fifteen points. They also participated in the 2002 McDonald's All-American Game, the first ever held for high school girls. Zolman scored 21 points and handed out 5 assists in the game, and they were named co-MVP for their efforts.
Zolman holds the NCAA single season (.957 in 2003–04) and career (.916) free throw percentage records. They broke several Lady Volunteer records during their 4 years, including Single Game 3-pointers (7), Single Season 3-Pointers (103), Career 3-Point Percentage (.425), Single Season Free Throw Percentage (.957), and Career Free Throw Percentage (.916). Previously, Zolman was the sole holder for most 3-Pointers made with 266 before Angie Bjorklund became the 3-pointers record holder with 300.  They are the 9th highest scorer in Tennessee Volunteers women's basketball history (1,806). Shanna wore a No. 1 jersey during most of their junior year in honor of their teammate and best friend, Sidney Spencer, who missed the majority of the season after tearing their ACL.
Tennessee statistics
Source
WNBA career
San Antonio Silver Stars
On April 5, 2006, Zolman was drafted by the San Antonio Silver Stars in the second round (No. 16 overall) of the 2006 WNBA Draft. In their rookie season, Zolman played in all 34 regular season games finishing a solid rookie season averaging 6.6 points per game while playing 16.1 minutes per game. They ranked 13th in the WNBA in 3 Point Percentage (.378). They scored a career-high 18 points against the Phoenix Mercury on August 12, 2006. The San Antonio Silver Stars finished 13–21 on the season, missing the playoffs.
During the 2007 WNBA season, Zolman played in all 34 regular season games, starting one, making them the only Silver Stars player to have appeared in every game for the last two seasons. They averaged 9.2 points, 1.4 rebounds, 0.8 steals and 0.41 steals per game. Zolman also tied a franchise record for 3-pointers made in a game after hitting 7 of 11 3-pt field goal attempts on Aug 2 against the Phoenix Mercury (also ties for second in WNBA history).
On August 30, 2007, Zolman played a key role in the waning moments of the Phoenix Mercury's controversial victory over the Silver Stars in Game 1 of the WNBA Western Conference Finals. After Becky Hammon hit a three-point shot to tie the game with approximately three seconds left in regulation, Phoenix attempted to drive for a final basket. Phoenix guard Cappie Pondexter fell to the floor in the backcourt under defensive pressure from Zolman. Zolman was called for a reach-in foul with 2.1 seconds remaining, and in turn Pondexter made two free throws and Phoenix won the game, 102–100. ESPN announcers and many fans questioned the call, because video footage arguably indicated that Pondexter had merely slipped and Zolman had committed no foul. Additionally, the replay also showed that Shanna's jab step toward Pondexter is what caused Cappie to falter, and since there wasn't any contact made, the correct call should have been a traveling violation on Phoenix; in effect, a great defensive play by Shanna Zolman. Mercury fans, however, felt the call was appropriate. While most objective fans consider it to be one of the worst calls in WNBA history. The head official reviewed the call to determine how much time remained on the clock, but WNBA rules do not permit instant replay review of whether a foul was committed. At the post game press conference, Hammon stated that Zolman did nothing wrong and that the officials made a mistake. Lost in all this, is that Zolman came within an eyelash of sinking a 75-foot shot at the buzzer to make the issue moot. But, it bounced off the rim. Determined to make good, Shanna came out of the gate sizzling hot in Game 2, scoring 17 first-half points, including 5 three-pointers. They finished the game with 20 points, including 6 three-pointers, as the Silver Stars were defeated 98–92.
During the 2008 WNBA Preseason, Zolman tore the Anterior Cruciate Ligament in their left knee during May 12, 2008, contest with the Detroit Shock. Zolman injured their knee during San Antonio's second offensive possession of the game. After the season-ending injury, Zolman had a successful surgery to repair the torn ligament. They made their return from injury on May 30, 2009 in a preseason game against the Detroit Shock.
Tulsa Shock
Zolman was traded to the Tulsa Shock on April 14, 2010. After playing for Tulsa in 2010, they suffered a torn ACL while playing in Turkey and underwent successful surgery on January 26, 2011. After rehabbing their knee Zolman was in the 2012 Shock training camp but was cut from the team after playing 10 minutes in one preseason game. Zolman then retired from basketball.
Personal life
On October 14, 2006, Shanna married their college sweetheart, former University of Tennessee fullback Andrew David Crossley (b. August 4, 1980), whom they met at a Fellowship of Christian Athletes meeting. However and since they have been divorced, Shanna has decided to go back to their maiden name of Zolman.
Zolman is a strong believer in community service, they have volunteered their time with Race for the Cure, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, the Dogwood Arts Parade, the Toyota Literacy program and singing Christmas carols at area nursing homes.
Shanna is an active member of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes. They have served as the spokesperson for the 2006 Silver Stars 5K Run/Walk.
Beginning in 2008, Zolman created the Things Basketball Camp, an annual event for 5th–12th grade girls in the San Antonio area. During the offseason, they reside in Seattle, Washington.
While announcing that they had retired from basketball, Zolman said that they would work with the Fellowship of Christian Athletes doing ministry and mentoring, and that the work had made the transition from playing basketball much easier than they had anticipated. "I love ministry and I love mentoring. It's a huge passion of mine. I prayed that I would find something that I had a passion greater than basketball for and God had a plan for me."
WNBA career statistics
Notes
External links
Shanna Zolman Official Website
WNBA Player Profile
UT Lady Vols Profile
Pat Summitt and The Tennessee Lady Vols
1983 births
Living people
American Christians
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Indiana
People from Syracuse, Indiana
Point guards
San Antonio Silver Stars draft picks
San Antonio Stars players
Tennessee Lady Volunteers basketball players
Tulsa Shock players
The University of Azzaytuna (AZU) (Arabic: جامعة الزيتونة), previously known as Al-Naser University, is the one of public universities in Libya. It is located in Bani Walid city – Libya. It was founded in 2001, and it was renamed back in 2011 after the 17 of February Revolution, to become what is now known as the Azzaytuna University.
Degrees
The university provides undergraduate levels of study and awards the following degrees:
Intermediate Certificate (Diploma).
Bachelor's degree.
Licentiate's degree
Master's degree
Faculties
Faculty of Engineering
The Faculty of Engineering has a leading role in its scientific career. In response to this development, the Faculty of Engineering made changes in its academic courses and academic structure. The Faculty of Engineering changed from four departments to fourteen departments to meet the needs and requirements of Libyan society and to achieve its aims and visions.
Departments
Department of Computer Engineering.
Department of Civil Engineering.
Department of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering.
Division of Power
Division of Industrial
Division of Applied
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering.
Division of Power
Division of Control
Division of Telecommunication
Faculty of Sciences
Departments
Department of Agricultural Science.
Department of Computer science.
Department of Environmental Sciences.
Department of Technical Biology.
Faculty of Education
The Faculty of Education is a continuation of high institution of teachers with its scientific educational departments to meet the needs of society from scientific and educational qualified teachers in accordance with integrated academic program as follows:
Study at faculty is by year system (four years) to academic year 2007/2008; then the study changed to academic class from 2008/2009; as the study period depends on what the student has fulfilled of courses as requirements for graduation, then the student grants the bachelor's degree of science and education or bachelor's degree of arts and education. All branches of specialized high schools are accepted in the faculty.
Departments
Department of Arabic Language.
Department of Classroom Teacher.
Department of English Language.
Department of Kindergarten.
Department of Physics.
Department of Chemistry.
Department of Biology.
Department of Math.
Department of Art and Music Education.
Faculty Of Economics and Political Sciences
Departments
Department of Economics.
Department of Management.
Department of Accountancy.
Department of Political Science.
Department of Banking and Finance.
Department of Financial Planning
Faculty of Languages
Departments
Department of Arabic Language.
Department of English Language.
Faculty of Law
Departments
Department of Public Law.
Department of Private Law.
Department of General Subjects.
References
Universities in Libya
Educational institutions established in 2001
2001 establishments in Libya
Mina Nguyen is an executive at Jane Street Capital. In October 2017, they were appointed as a member of the SEC's Investor Advisory Committee. Prior to Jane Street, they were a Managing Director at AQR Capital Management and senior adviser to its founder Cliff Asness. Nguyen was deputy assistant secretary of Business Affairs at the US Treasury Department from 2006 to 2007, appointed by then-Secretary Hank Paulson. Them career in business and government has revolved around regulations for private pools of capital (hedge funds), retirement security, leverage and derivative use at investment funds and ESG investing. In the 2004 US Presidential Campaign they served as National Business Director for the Bush-Cheney ticket.
Career
Nguyen started their career in government as a special assistant to then-United States Secretary of Labor Elaine L. Chao. In 2001, Chao appointed Nguyen as Director of Public Liaison, making them one of the youngest government employees ever to be appointed to the Senior Executive Service.
After the reelection, Nguyen continued to serve in the administration, eventually as deputy assistant secretary of Business Affairs at the U.S. Treasury Department from 2006 to 2007. As deputy assistant secretary, Nguyen was a principal advisor to the Secretary on capital markets regulations and served as a member of the team that developed Treasury's capital markets competitiveness plan which set the framework for a modernized regulatory structure and investor protections. Nguyen was the lead advisor between the Treasury department and asset managers and investors to advance the President's Working Group on Financial Markets' mandate to define best practices that address investor protection, enhance market discipline, and mitigate systemic risk.
Prior to their government career, Nguyen worked as a technology and financial services management consultant at Accenture.
Background
Nguyen holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BS from the Haas School of Business, UC Berkeley.
Nguyen's father was in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam, and fled to the United States in 1975 after the fall of Saigon with their wife and four children. The family settled in Fort Smith, Arkansas where Mina Nguyen was born. The family eventually relocated to Orange County, California. Nguyen currently resides in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Political
While serving on the 2004 George W. Bush Presidential Campaign, Nguyen also headed the "W. Stands for Women" effort, which was credited with significantly increasing Republican support among women. While at the Republican National Committee, Nguyen was Director of Congressional Affairs and senior adviser to its then-chairperson, Ken Mehlman.
Philanthropic and policy activity
Nguyen is an adviser to a number of charitable organizations that focus on governance, civil society, and human rights.  They are a national board member of Girl Scouts of the USA and a founding board member of the global health organization, World Health Ambassador. Nguyen was a founding member of the Center for Retirement Initiatives at Georgetown University's McCourt School of Public Policy.  They are also the chair of AQR Capital's Philanthropic Committee.
Press and publications
Harvard Business School, Harbus on Education and Health Care
Harvard University AA Policy Review
ABC News Chairman Mehlman announces leadership team
The War on Terror
Asian American Policy Review
President's Working Group Releases Common Approach to Private Pools of Capital Guidance on hedge fund issues focuses on systemic risk, investor protection
From East to West, Then Up and to the Right
Georgetown University Center for Retirement Initiatives
Reports Warn of Unintended Consequences of Proposed SEC Rule
Proposed Rule: Use of Derivatives by Registered Investment Companies and Business Development Companies
Harvard Asian American Alumni Summit
References
External links
GOP Donors
The Best Outcome of Vietnam War Prominent Vietnamese Americans
Living people
American politicians of Vietnamese descent
American women of Vietnamese descent in politics
Haas School of Business alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
California Republicans
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Aleksandr Nikolayevich Lebedev (; born 1 April 1981) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Russian Premier League in 1999 for PFC CSKA Moscow.
Honours
Russian Premier League bronze: 1999.
References
1981 births
Living people
Russian footballers
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
Association football midfielders
FC Sever Murmansk players
Al-Rashid Islamic Institute, is an Islamic institute and seminary in Cornwall, Ontario, Canada. Under the instructions and guidance of Shaikhul-Hadith Moulana Muhammad Zakariya, the institute was founded in 1980 at a temporary location in Montreal. The institute moved to Cornwall in 1985. The institute is now an Islamic university offering higher Islamic studies.
See also
Darul Uloom
Darul Uloom Deoband
References
1980 establishments in Quebec
Deobandi Islamic universities and colleges
was a professional 7 dans Go player.
Biography
Takabe was a pupil of Honinbo Shuei, the 17th and 19th head of the Honinbō house. In the 1920s, they joined the Kiseisha, a splinter group of the Nihon Ki-in, Japan's main administrative body for Go. The Kiseisha was succeeded by the Keiinsha, of which Takabe was also a member, until 1991 when the last of its members died. In addition, they were one of the five Hiseikai, a group formed in 1922 and devoted to tournament play. The other members of the Hiseikai were Chiyotaro Onoda, Segoe Kensaku, Tamejiro Suzuki and Karigane Junichi.
Nakano Kiichiro was Takabe's only pupil.
Notes
Japanese Go players
1881 births
1951 deaths
The finals and the qualifying heats of the women's 100 metre breaststroke event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Tuesday 1998-01-13 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
See also
1996 Women's Olympic Games 100m Breaststroke (Atlanta)
1997 Women's World SC Championships 100m Breaststroke (Gothenburg)
1997 Women's European LC Championships 100m Breaststroke (Seville)
2000 Women's Olympic Games 100m Breaststroke (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
1998 in women's swimming
William Mitchell Morgan (August 1, 1870 – September 17, 1935) was an American politician who served five terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1921 to 1931.
Early life and career
Born in Brownsville, Ohio, Morgan attended the public schools.
They pursued various occupations until 1898, when they moved to Newark, Ohio.
They were employed as a laborer and later as a musician.
They studied literature and science.
They engaged in agriculture, merchandising, and the wool-buying business.
They were active in organized labor movements, serving as president of the Newark (Ohio) Musicians' Union.
Congress
Morgan was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-seventh and to the four succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1921 – March 3, 1931).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1930 to the Seventy-second Congress and for election in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress.
Later career and death
They resumed their former business pursuits.
They served as president of the Ohio State Federation of Labor in 1935, resigning the same year to become a member of the state industrial commission, in which they served until their death in Columbus, Ohio, on September 17, 1935.
They were interred in Cedar Hill Cemetery, Newark, Ohio.
Sources
1870 births
1935 deaths
American Federation of Labor people
Musicians from Ohio
Politicians from Newark, Ohio
Burials at Cedar Hill Cemetery, Newark, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
WWP may refer to:
West Windsor-Plainsboro Regional School District, a New Jersey school district
Wizards of Waverly Place
Women Writers Project
Workers World Party
World Wrestling Professionals, a South African wrestling promotion
World Wide Pictures
Worms World Party
Wounded Warrior Project, an American veteran's service organization
World Waterpark, a waterpark at West Edmonton Mall
North Whale Seaplane Base, airport code WWP
Thomas James De la Hunt, Jr. (November 9, 1866 – July 3, 1933) was an American newspaper columnist, writer, and historian. They served as president and secretary of the Southwestern Indiana Historical Society for a number of years. They were well known for their writings concerning the area of Indiana known as "the Pocket" and was considered an authority on the history of southern Indiana.
Background
De la Hunt was born in Cannelton, Perry County, Indiana to Major Thomas James De la Hunt, Sr. (1835–1872) and their wife, Isabelle (Huckeby) De la Hunt (1845–1909). They had one other sibling, Charles Mason De la Hunt, who died in 1869. Their father was an immigrant from County Tipperary, Ireland. Their mother was the daughter of J. B. Huckeby, an Indiana legislator and prominent Cannelton lawyer. They never married.
Career
De la Hunt received their early education from their mother and in the Cannelton public schools. Afterwards, they attended Sewanee University (now University of the South) at Sewanee, Tennessee, and studied architecture at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. Upon leaving college, they taught for seven years in the Cannelton public schools and gave private music lessons to students.
They were involved in the insurance business for several years. During their later years, they devoted their time entirely to writing and historical research. In 1916 De la Hunt wrote a script and produced the pageant given at Cannelton to celebrate the one hundredth anniversary of Indiana's admission to the Union. In connection with the same celebration, they also wrote a history of Perry County, Indiana, recognized by authorities as unexcelled in that particular field.
De la Hunt achieved further distinction in southern Indiana with their column, "The Pocket Periscope", featured over a number of years in the Evansville Courier and Journal. In this column they presented a series of historical sketches of particular interest to the "Pocket Section" of Indiana. They were also correspondent of the Indianapolis News, the Louisville Courier Journal, and the Owensboro, Kentucky Messenger. They edited the Cannelton column in the Tell City News over a period of about eight years. At various times they did special research and catalogue work for a number of libraries in southern Indiana. Many of their writings were published in the Indiana History Bulletin and the Indiana Magazine of History.
Later life
Until incapacitated by ill health, De la Hunt was active in patriotic and historical organizations and took great pride in their membership in the same. In the Sons of the American Revolution they served as vice president and treasurer for Indiana over a period of years. In the Society of Indiana Pioneers they served on various committees. They were president and secretary of the Southwestern Indiana Historical Society for several years. In 1931 and 1932 they were president of the Perry County Historical Society. They also served as president of the Indiana Authors Club and was a charter member of the Men's Community Bible Class of Cannelton.
De la Hunt died at their home, the Virginia Place, in Cannelton on July 3, 1933, at the age 66. Their house is still standing and is rumoured by local citizens to be haunted. Jill Harris Newton wrote a book about this house, Ghosts of the Virginia Place, which was published in 2007.
Works
The Pageant of Perry County, 1814–1916. (1916)
Perry County: A History. (1916)
History of the New Harmony Working Men's Institute, New Harmony, Indiana: founded by William Maclure, 1838–1927. (1927)
See also
History of Indiana
New Harmony, Indiana
Perry County, Indiana
Southern Indiana
Southwestern Indiana
Notes
References
Tell City News, July 7, 1933, "Thomas De la Hunt, Noted Writer and Historian Passes".
External links
1866 births
1933 deaths
American people of Irish descent
American male writers
Historians of Indiana
People from Cannelton, Indiana
Purdue University alumni
Sewanee: The University of the South alumni
Sons of the American Revolution
Writers from Indiana
Historians from Indiana
Reinold (also known as Reinhold of Koln, in German as Reinhold von Köln) was a Benedictine monk who lived in the 10th century. Supposedly a direct descendant of Charlemagne, and the fourth son mentioned in the romantic poem Duke Aymon, by William Caxton. The poem is Caxton's translation of the long French Chanson de Geste, Les Quatre Fils Aymon (The Four Sons of Aymon), where Renaud de Montauban dies in an almost identical manner. They began their religious life by entering the Benedictine monastery of Pantaleon in Cologne, Germany, where they were appointed head of a building project occurring in the abbey. They often joined the stonemasons in their work, at times surpassing them. This led to the unsavoury event of their murder at the hands of the same stonemasons they worked with. Reinold was beaten to death with hammers and their body deposited into a pool near the Rhine. Their body was later found through divine means, leading to the attribution of Reinold as the Patron of Stonemasons.
Notes
Benedictine monks
10th-century Christian saints
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
SMS Meteor was an aviso of the German Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy) built in the late 1880s and early 1890s, the lead ship of their class that include one other vessel, . Intended to screen the main fleet against attacking torpedo boats, Meteor was armed with a battery of four guns. Them design suffered from several defects, including excessive vibration and poor handling in heavy seas, both of which could not be corrected. These problems limited the ship's career. They served briefly as a guard ship in Kiel in 1892, as an aviso with the main fleet in 1893–1894, and as a fishery protection ship in 1895–1896. Out of service by the end of 1896, Meteor was later used as a harbor defense vessel in 1904 and then as a barracks ship from 1911 to 1919, when they were sold to ship breakers and dismantled.
Design
With previous avisos built for the German fleet, the designers had attempted to build vessels that could serve as scouts for the main fleet as well as defend it against hostile torpedo boats that threatened the larger ironclad warships. The naval command decided in 1888 that the next class of avisos—the Meteor design—should focus solely on anti-torpedo boat duties. Smaller and faster than the preceding s, the Meteors were also badly unstable and poor sea boats, and they suffered from severe vibration at high speed. These defects could not be remedied, and as a result, they had short careers.
Meteor was long overall and had a beam of and a maximum draft of forward. They displaced as designed and up to at full combat load. Them propulsion system consisted of two vertical 3-cylinder triple expansion engines. Steam for the engines was provided by four coal-fired locomotive boilers. The ship's propulsion system was rated for and provided a top speed of and a range of approximately at . Meteor had a crew of 7 officers and 108 enlisted men.
As built, the ship was armed with four SK L/30 guns placed in single pivot mounts, two side-by-side forward, and two side-by-side aft. The guns were supplied with between 462 and 680 rounds of ammunition. Meteor also carried three torpedo tubes, one mounted submerged in the bow and the other two in deck-mounted launchers on the broadside. They were protected with a thick deck, along with of steel armor plating for the conning tower.
Service history
Work on Meteor began in December 1888 with their keel laying at the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel. They were launched on 20 January 1890; after completing fitting-out, dockyard workers conducted builder's trials before delivery. After these were finished, they were commissioned into the fleet on 15 May 1891. They were initially used as the flagship of the commander of the Marinestation der Ostsee (Baltic Sea Naval Station) and was stationed as a guard ship in Kiel, replacing the screw corvette in the roles. The navy had not yet conducted its own trials of the ship, however, and they were transferred to I Reserve on 30 July, their role as flagship being taken over by the torpedo training ship . Meteor returned to guard duties from 28 August to 3 October, at which point they were decommissioned to correct some defects that had been discovered during their trials, including increasing the height of their funnels by to reduce smoke interference with the aft gun crews.
Meteor was recommissioned on 20 May 1892 for another round of trials after the modifications completed the previous year. They were also assigned as the guard ship for Kiel during this period. In mid-August, they took part in the annual fleet training exercises that lasted until 26 September. During the maneuvers, they served as the flotilla leader for II Torpedo-boat Flotilla; the flotilla commander, Korvettenkapitän (KK—corvette captain) Karl Rosendahl, flew their flag aboard the ship for the duration of the exercises. Kaiser Wilhelm II boarded the ship for a short cruise in early November, and they were decommissioned again on 6 December, by which time the navy pronounced the ship's trials to be officially completed.
They were recommissioned on 5 April 1893 to serve as the aviso for I Division of the Maneuver Fleet from 1 May to 29 September, including during the annual maneuvers. KK Henning von Holtzendorff served as the ship's commander during this period. Beginning on 30 June 1894, they escorted the Kaiser's yacht Hohenzollern on their annual summer cruise, which went to Norway that year. While in Stavanger, Meteor suffered from machinery problems, though their crew was able to repair their engines there. The problems nevertheless led to them being replaced as the Kaiser's escort by the protected cruiser . Meteor returned to Kiel for repairs, after which they served as a scout during the fleet maneuvers. They were decommissioned again on 30 September.
Meteor returned to active service on 19 March 1895 for fishery protection duties along Germany's North Sea coast. These operations were interrupted from 14 to 22 June, when they attended the ceremonial opening of the Kaiser Wilhelm Canal. On 27 August, they were transferred to the Maneuver Fleet for the annual exercises. Decommissioned again on 24 September for the winter months, Meteor was recommissioned on 18 March 1896 for fishery protection. They waited in Dover, Great Britain, from 17 to 24 April for Prince Heinrich to arrive to take their new sailing yacht back to Germany. They then returned to the fisheries patrol, where British fishers were repeatedly violating German territorial waters off Norderney, forcing Meteor to intervene and drive them off. At the end of May, Meteor began to serve as a training ship for engine and boiler room crews in addition to their patrol duties. They met British and Dutch fishery patrol vessels in Lowestoft, Great Britain, from 3 to 6 July. Beginning on 9 August, Meteor took part in fleet maneuvers for the last time; these lasted until early September, when they returned to fishery patrols. Decommissioned on 4 October, the ship's active career was now over.
The ship's poor seaworthiness militated against further use with the fleet. And they were not particularly suited to the fishery protection duties that had occupied much of their active career, since their small size prevented them from carrying sufficient coal to remain at sea for long periods; they were replaced in that role by the old aviso of 1876 vintage. Meteor was reclassified as a light cruiser in 1899 and was transferred to the list of harbor ships on 3 May 1903. Beginning on 3 May 1904, they were assigned as a harbor guard ship. Struck from the naval register on 24 June 1911, they were reduced to a barracks ship based in Kiel, where they remained for the next eight years, including during World War I, when they were occupied by U-boat crews. After the German defeat, the ship was sold for scrapping in 1919. Meteor thereafter was broken up in Rendsburg.
Notes
References
Meteor-class avisos
The International Association for Vegetation Science (IAVS) promotes contact between scientists and others interested in the study of vegetation ecology, promotes research and publication of research results. In 1939 the International Phytosociological Society (IPS) was founded, with its headquarters in Montpellier, France. After the Second World War it was reconstituted as the Internationale Vereinigung für Vegetationskunde (IVV), which adopted a constitution at the International Botanical Congress of 1954. The current name was adopted in 1981–82.
Publications
The society publishes:
IAVS Bulletin
Journal of Vegetation Science
Applied Vegetation Science
Resolutions
Awards
The Alexander von Humboldt Medal is a prize awarded biennially from 2011 onwards by the association. The award is intended to honor scientists who have contributed greatly to the intellectual development and advancement of vegetation science and plant community ecology. Honorary membership is also bestowed by the society.
Medal recipients
2011 J. Philip Grime
2013 David Tilman
2015 Sandra Lavorel
2017 F. Stuart Chapin III
2019 Pierre Legendre
References
Further reading
published by IAVS
External links
Botanical societies
International scientific organizations
Juho Kusti Paasikivi's first senate was the second Senate and de facto Government of independent Finland. Its time period was May 27, 1918 – November 27, 1918.
Two members of the Finnish Party and the Swedish Party's Alexander Frey resigned from the Government in June 1918. The Agrarian League's two senators resigned in August 1918 because of Young Finnish Party's campaign of monarchy was very active. In November 1918, following the surrender of Germany and the end of World War I, the Parliament of Finland adopted the republican form of state and the Senate of Finland was abolished and substituted officially by the new Finnish Government.
Assembly
The following table displays the Senate's composition:
References
Political history of Finland
1918 establishments in Finland
1918 disestablishments in Finland
Edward Ashton may refer to:
Edward Ashton (colonel) (died 1658), English royalist colonel
Teddy Ashton (1906–1978), English footballer
Edward L. Ashton House, Iowa City
See also
Ned Ashton (disambiguation)
Edward Ashton Gaskin Stuart (1918–2001), educator and labor leader
Vincent Cave was Archdeacon of Elphin from 1669 until 1670.
References
Archdeacons of Elphin
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
Sexmission () is a 1984 Polish cult comedy science fiction action film. It also contains a hidden political satire layer specific to the time and place of its production (the socialist-feminist system as proposed by the Communist Party), but with relevance still today.
Plot
On 9 August 1991 Maksymilian "Max" Paradys (Jerzy Stuhr), looking for adventure, and Albert Starski (Olgierd Łukaszewicz), biologist, volunteer themselves for the first human hibernation experiment, created by professor Wiktor Kuppelweiser, a Nobel Prize laureate, who previously successfully hibernated a chimpanzee for half a year. The experiment is considered as an epochal event and is broadcast on television. The hibernation is scheduled to last for 3 years.
Instead of being awakened 3 years later in 1994 as planned, they wake up in the year 2044, in a post-nuclear world. Both are 86 years old, but haven't aged a day outwardly. They are being taken care of by women, which they enjoy at the beginning, especially Max, who becomes attracted to Lamia Reno. After explicitly asking to meet professor Kuppelweiser, they are informed by Lamia and Dr. Berna that they "doesn't exist". They explain that there was a war long ago, that all males have long been extinct, and that it is actually the 8th of March 2044 (Women's Day).The men are under constant surveillance after this. Lamia informs them their society reproduces without males through parthenogenesis. During a briefing, Max kisses Lamia, for which they knock them down and threatens both men with euthanasia if there is another attempt at sexual assault. However, the kiss causes Lamia's drug-inhibited passions to resurface, making them both confused and fascinated. Due to their internal feelings they go on a search for the oldest living woman to find out anything they can about the men before the war. They find 74-year old Julia Novack, who fondly remembers their fiancé and tells Lamia that the old world with two sexes should be restored. They also guess that Lamia fell in love with one of the men.
After several days, Max and Albert are permitted to go out to meet with Them Excellency, the supreme ruler of women. Waiting for them in the bio-sanctuary, they spot a tree with two tiny apples and eat them, having had enough of synthetic food. At the meeting they ask what womankind did to humankind. The women reply the extinction of men is not their fault, but Kuppelweiser's, who, during the war, invented an agent - the so-called M bomb - which was supposed to temporarily paralyze male genes, but, due to an oversight, instead destroyed male genes permanently. Max offers a proposal: they and Albert will serve as reproducers to restore the male population. However, the women do not wish the old order to return; Them Excellency gestures to the "sacred apple tree" and says it was planted by Arch Mother, and from which, when once in paradise, a male took an apple and seduced a woman with it, by which act paradise was lost to all forever. After noticing the missing sacred apples, Them Excellency becomes desperate and enraged and demands the men be taken back to their previous confinement and not be released anywhere.
Once again confined, the men grow distressed and plan to escape by damaging the electric power grid. They succeed, but are caught during a course organized by the special section on how to interact with men, should they ever return to the world, and are locked up again. The women provide them with their last chance: to submit themselves for "naturalization" - undergoing a sex reassignment surgery. When they refuse, the ceiling above the room opens, showing a huge assembly of women, who are to determine their fate. Albert and Max now face a humiliating trial, while the women blame males for oppression, virtually all evil and vices, and praise their new society. They engage in historical revisionism by claiming that the greatest scientists - such as Copernicus, Einstein and Pincus (one of the pioneers of parthenogenesis) - were, in fact, women. When Max and Albert are taken away, the assembly votes on whether the men should undergo forced 'naturalization' (proposed by group "Archeo") or be 'liquidated' (proposed by group "Genetix"). Naturalization is passed by a margin of only one vote. In the meantime, the men escape again. Wandering through what Albert calls "a nightmarish skyscraper", they encounter other women, who have never seen a man, and therefore view Max and Albert as their "sisters", provoking humorous encounters. After that the men discover a boot lying on the floor, with a bottle of Jabol (a cheap wine popular in Poland in the late 20th century) and a sheet of newspaper from 1993 with stories from the beginning of the world war. They are cornered by the security team and escape down a waste chute. They discover the nest of "decadency" - one of the anarchist, "hippie" women's groups, who do not wish to be part of the oppressive regime, playing loud music, and some engaging in lesbian relations. They mistake Max and Albert for government spies and, in the meantime, the pursuing regime forces attack, and subsequent chaos provides the men with an opportunity to escape. During their escape, the men stumble upon Lamia, who provides them with a way to see the outside - a periscope - and reveals that they live deep underground in expanded old mines. The periscope shows a dark, rocky landscape above ground, and sensors indicate high levels of "Kuppelweiser radiation", a side effect of the M bomb. However, it transpires that Lamia is loyal to "Archeo" group and their "help" was a ruse to capture the men and force them into surgery. Lamia is congratulated by Tekla and Emma Dax (members of "Genetix") for their ingenious plan, but they also inform them that their section will now be in charge of the males, which devastates Lamia.
In the hands of Tekla, the fate of the males is to be different. Their organs will be extracted for transplantation, and their remains will be tested for possible use as a food source, due to a growing protein shortage. The chief surgeon, Dr Yanda, an old lady, is revealed to be Max's daughter, who now delights in taking revenge for their abandonment of their wife and child in favor of hibernation for their own profit. Lamia sabotages the surgery and helps the men escape as revenge for Tekla and Dax taking the men and their research. Shortly after escaping, Albert passes out in the lift from the anaesthetic given to them in theatre, and dreams that he's in 1994, when process of hibernation has successfully finished. In the periscope room Lamia threatens the guards by telling them that they will blast the whole block if they do not give them the code activating a capsule reaching the surface, while Max and Albert find and change into protective suits. The guards claim that only Them Excellency knows the password required; enraged, Max shouts "kurwa mać!" (a common strong Polish profanity, lit. "[your] mother's a whore"), and to the surprise of all present, the capsule is activated. Lamia changes into another protective suit and joins the men. While they explore the barren surface, Max suddenly bumps against an invisible barrier and is unable to go further. They take a knife and cuts the fabric of the barrier, revealing a dazzling light. They all go through the hole and find themselves on a beach, with the periscope area being surrounded by a small, circular tent-like structure with the barren landscape panorama painted on the inside of the canvas. They explore their surroundings and reach a forest, but the suits are running out of oxygen. Suddenly Max shouts with joy and throws away their suit, pointing skyward to a flying stork and declares "if it can live, it means we can live too". After removing the suits, they come across a cosy villa full of fresh food. While eating in the garden, they are found by Emma, who has been following them and, armed with a harpoon, demands their surrender, but they faint due to the lack of oxygen. Albert removes their helmet and performs CPR on them They carry them inside the villa and starts to remove their suit. When they regain consciousness, Emma begins to fight with Albert; during their struggle, they accidentally turn on the TV and see an official government broadcast of events, stating that Lamia and Emma are dead and including an interview with "naturalized" Max and Albert, who claim to be feeling very well and thankful. Emma is shocked, unable to understand such lies and all the strange environment "with too much air". Max goes with Lamia to a bedroom and tries to explain to them what mating is, while Albert tries their luck with Emma.
Later, while resting in the living room, Max and Albert suddenly hear the familiar sound of an arriving elevator and hide. It is Them Excellency who emerges from the elevator (which is hidden within a closet) to feed their caged birds. When they open the wardrobe, they are attacked by Max who was hiding inside. During the ensuing fight, Them Excellency's breasts and hair are stripped, revealing that 'she' is a male in disguise, much to 'her' panic and Max's disgust and rage. Max also removes an electronic necklace, which was converting 'Her' Excellency's voice into one that sounds like a woman's. 'Her' Excellency tells the men their life story - just after the war, when the League of Women took power, they were 4 years old; the few boys remaining were naturalized into girls, but they were hidden by their mother. Growing up in a female disguise, they joined the League and finally was elected 'Her Excellency'. They were too afraid of women to form a relationship with any and, by revealing himself, to try to restore the old order. The government has been exaggerating the radiation level in order to keep the inhabitants underground, making them easier to control; likewise, the inhabitants are medicated to remove sexual desire. The three make a deal: Max and Albert will not compromise 'Her' Excellency's true identity, but they will stay in their home with Lamia and Emma. Later, Max and Albert, disguised as laboratory workers, add male gametes to flasks in the incubation centre. Flashing forward to several months later, a nurse, routinely wrapping newborns in blankets, is horrified to see a penis.
Political and social satire
The film contains numerous subtle allusions to the realities of the communist-bloc society, particularly to that of the People's Republic of Poland just before the fall of communism, perhaps in the anticipation of the major events to come; the fall of communism and the rise of political liberty. When Max and Albert escape, they jump through the wall, which then starts to shake (often associated with later Lech Wałęsa's jumping over the wall of the Gdańsk shipyard, and also with the subsequent fall of the Berlin wall). The secret meeting of the Women's League apparatchiks and their lies to the women parallels the communist government of Poland. This dimension of the movie appears to typically escape the viewer more removed from the context. Some sections of this kind were left out from the version shown in Polish theaters by the government censors, but many passed through.
The movie can also be viewed as a satire directed at intergender conflict (wrong-headed feminism or wrong-headed masculism), prudery, or totalitarianism.
Reception
In a contemporary review, Variety stated that the film was "not up to the standards of those quality Polish pics of the late 1970s [...] nonetheless the best pic to emerge from the Warsaw studios over the past season."
The film has been very popular in Poland. It was proclaimed to be the best Polish film of the last 30 years in a 2005 joint poll by readers of three popular film magazines. However, this assessment by the audience was considered to be a surprise as it disagreed with the historical rankings of Polish movies by the professional film critics. They obvioulsy did not like the openly anti-feminist notions and its connection to totalitarianism. It received the Złota Kaczka award for the best Polish movie of 1984. The movie was also fairly popular in Hungary when shown a couple of years later.
Two cites from this film, Uważaj, tu mogą być promile! ("Be careful, here can be promiles!") and Dlaczego tu nie ma klamek? ("Why there's not handles here?") were used in Polish dubbing of Shrek 2 and were part of Donkey's role, who was dubbed by Jerzy Stuhr (Max Paradys in Sexmission).
Cast
Olgierd Łukaszewicz as Albert Starski
Jerzy Stuhr as Maximilian 'Max' Paradys
Bożena Stryjkówna as Lamia Reno
Bogusława Pawelec as Emma Dax
Hanna Stankówna as dr Tekla
Beata Tyszkiewicz as dr Berna
Ryszarda Hanin as dr Jadwiga Yanda
Barbara Ludwiżanka as Julia Novack
Mirosława Marcheluk as Secretary
Hanna Mikuć as Linda
Elżbieta Zającówna as Zająconna
Dorota Stalińska as TV Reporter (1991)
Ewa Szykulska as Instructor
Janusz Michałowski as Professor Wiktor Kuppelweiser
Wiesław Michnikowski as Them Excellency
See also
A.D. 2044, a video game based on the film
Herland
Idiocracy, an American film about hibernees who wake up 500 years in the future
Y: The Last Man
Assemblywomen, ancient Greek comedy by Aristophanes describing a society ruled entirely by women
The Gate to Women's Country, a novel about a city-state of women whom a male garrison plots to take over and subjugate
The Female Man, a multiple universe spanning novel including a world where men have died out in a plague.
"Lithia", an episode of The Outer Limits with a similar premise
"Worlds End Harem", a Japanese anime based on the manga of the same name, about a world where men are extinct from a virus and a few male survivors are to repopulate the world.
References
Footnotes
Sources
External links
Knee-Slappers: Poland's Most Beloved Comedies
1984 films
1980s feminist films
1980s sex comedy films
1980s science fiction comedy films
1984 LGBT-related films
1980s Polish-language films
Polish LGBT-related films
Polish science fiction comedy films
Cryonics in fiction
1980s dystopian films
Polish post-apocalyptic films
LGBT-related satirical films
LGBT-related science fiction films
Films directed by Juliusz Machulski
Films set in 1991
Films set in 2044
Films set in the future
Films about time travel
Single-gender worlds
1984 comedy films
The Red Star Lodge and Sawmill, also known as the Shoshone Lodge, is a dude ranch in Shoshone National Forest near the east entrance to Yellowstone National Park. Built between 1924 and 1950, the ranch includes a rustic log lodge surrounded by cabins and support buildings. What is now called the Shoshone Lodge is the most intact example of a dude ranch operation in the area.
History
The Red Star Lodge occupies a site leased from the U.S. Forest Service near US Highway 14-16-20, about from the east entrance to Yellowstone National Park. The lodge was built by Henry Dahlem, the first sheriff of Park County, Wyoming, beginning in 1924 and progressing by stages. The second quarter of the lodge was built in 1930, the third in 1935, and the final quarter in 1944. The lodge and other structures were built of D-shaped milled logs, produced on site at the Star Sawmill. Henry's son Harry took over management of the ranch in 1949 at a time when the Forest Service called the operation "Shoshone Lodge." Harry died in 1954, and their wife Betty managed the lodge with the help of their children Keith and Deborah. Keith Dahlem operates the nearby Sleeping Giant Ski Resort in the winter, while the Shoshone Lodge is open during the summer.
Description
The irregularly shaped grand lodge is a two-story log structure set on a stone foundation. The east half of the building is built of hand-peeled round logs, while the west portion uses D-shaped milled logs produced on site. The lodge's roof is very complex, a result of the many additions. The main lodge is surrounded by guest cabins, employee dormitories and service buildings.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Red Star Lodge and Sawmill at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Buildings and structures in Park County, Wyoming
Dude ranches in Wyoming
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Ranches on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Shoshone National Forest
Sawmills in the United States
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Park County, Wyoming
1924 establishments in Wyoming
Igor Đurić (; born 22 February 1985) is a Serbian football defender who last played for OFK Bačka.
Club career
On 23 June 2009, the SC Heerenveen agreed a deal with FK Vojvodina Novi Sad that saw the 24-year-old central defender sign a four-year contract until 30.06.2013 with the Eredivisie side. They left Heerenveen by mutual consent end of August 2011 and signed at Emirati club Sharjah in November. On June 28, 2012, they signed their second contract with Novi Sad's FK Vojvodina.
International career
They were a Serbia-Montenegro U19 international during the 2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualifying round.
They made their debut for the senior side in November 2008, a friendly match 6–1 Bulgaria. The then played three more friendlies, including a 4 nation-tournament hosted by Cyprus.
Honours
Vojvodina
Serbian Cup Runner-up: 2006–07
Heerenveen
Johan Cruyff Shield Runner-up: 2009
References
External links
reprezentacija.rs
Igor Đurić at Soccerway
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Novi Sad
Serbian footballers
Serbia international footballers
FK Srem players
FK Vojvodina players
FK Rad players
OFK Bačka players
SC Heerenveen players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Eredivisie players
Association football defenders
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Metalysinibacillus is a genus of Gram-Positive rod-shaped bacteria in the family Caryophanaceae from the order Caryophanales. The type species of this genus is Metalysinibacillus jejuensis.
Members of Metalysinibacillus are previously species belonging to Lysinibacillus. Instead of branching with species from Lysinibacillus, these two species formed a monophyletic branch in various phylogenetic trees constructed based on conserved genome sequences, indicating their phylogenetic relatedness. The family Caryophanaceae encompassed many branching anomalies such as this one, partially due to the reliance on 16S rRNA sequences as a method for classification, which is known to have low resolution power and give differing results depending on the algorithm used. In 2020, a comparative genomic study emended the family, resulting in the establishment of three new genera, including Metalysinibacillus.
The name Metalysinibacillus is derived from the Greek adjective meta, translating into "besides" and the Latin term Lysinibacillus, referring the genus name. Together, Metalysinibacillus can be translated as a genus besides Lysinibacillus.
Biochemical characteristics and molecular signatures
Members of this genus are aerobic and endospore-forming. Metalysinibacillus grows optimally in temperatures in the range of 30–37°C. Some species are reported to be positive for catalase and Voges–Proskauer tests.
Analyses of genome sequences from Metalysinibacillus species identified 17 conserved signature indels (CSIs) that are specific for this genus in the following proteins: arginine-binding extracellular protein ArtP precursor, oxygen-independent coproporphyrinogen III oxidase, putative hydrolase MhqD, helix-turn-helix transcriptional regulator, tRNA preQ1(34)S-adenosylmethionine ribosyltransferase-isomerase QueA, DNA primase, FMN reductase (NADPH), UvrABC system protein C, sensor histidine kinase YycG, hypothetical proteins, ribonuclease Y, cell division protein FtsA, ABC transporter ATP- binding protein YtrB, cysteine–tRNA ligase, coproporphyrinogen III oxidase, and PBP1A family penicillin-binding protein. These molecular signatures provide a reliable method of identification and differentiation of Metalysinibacillus species from other genera in the family Caryophanaceae and all other bacteria.
Taxonomy
Metalysinibacillus, as of 2021, contains one species with a validly published name. This genus was identified as a monophyletic clade and phylogenetically unrelated to other species in the family Caryophanaceae in studies examining the taxonomic relationships within the family.
There is one other species that is non-validly published, but are considered to be a member of this genus due to shared molecular markers and grouping on phylogenetic trees with the type species.
References
Bacillales
Bacteria genera
For the 1978–79 West Ham United F.C. season in English football, West Ham United played in the Second Division following their relegation the previous season.
Season summary
West Ham occupied a promotion place at the end of February, but after a loss of form that saw them win just one of their last seven League matches they finished in fifth place. They were knocked out of both domestic cup competitions by lower league opposition in the first round they entered.
In February 1979, West Ham broke the world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper when they signed Phil Parkes from Queens Park Rangers for £565,000.
League table
Results
Football League Second Division
FA Cup
League Cup
Players
References
1978-79
English football clubs 1978–79 season
1978 sports events in London
1979 sports events in London
Sacabamba Municipality is the fourth municipal section of the Esteban Arce Province in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. Its seat is Sacabamba. At the time of census 2001 the municipality had 4,718 inhabitants.
Cantons
Sacabamba Municipality is divided into five cantons.
See also
Atuq Wachana
Jatun Mayu
Jatun Urqu
Jatun Urqu (Matarani)
Pukara
References
External links
Map of Esteban Arce Province
Municipalities of the Cochabamba Department
Hugh Ferns McLeod OBE (8 June 1932 – 12 May 2014) was a Scottish rugby union player, who played forty times for Scotland between 1954 and 1962. They played 14 times for the Barbarians between 1954 and 1959, scoring only once, a try in their 1958 match against East Africa in Nairobi on 28 May 1958 (though this is erroneously listed on the Barbarian website as earning 5 points whereas a try was only worth 3 points at the time). Their home team was Hawick RFC. giving rise to their nickname, the Hawick Hardman. Allan Massie describes them as "Hawick through and through, and is indeed now President of the Club".
International career
Hugh McLeod propped alongside Tom Elliot of Gala RFC and David Rollo of Howe of Fife RFC. They were only twenty one when they first played for Scotland, a young age at the time, and retired from international rugby at thirty. They were made pack leader for a while, and the story goes that some of the posher, or anglified players could not actually understand their accent; one of their semi-humorous phrases as pack leader was "Come here, my wee disciples."
In 1955 they took part in the British Lions tour of South Africa and afterwards published their diary of the tour (Hugh McLeod Diary - The British Lions Rugby Tour of South Africa 1955). In 1959 they played on the 1959 British Lions tour to Australia and New Zealand.
Richard Bath writes of McLeod that they
"proved themselves one of the best tight-forwards that Scotland has ever produced. Despite being only 5ft. 9in. tall and weighing in around 14 stone - McLeod was a fitness fanatic and mighty scrummager as well as a player of surprising pace who made a huge contribution in the loose. After beginning their rugby career at the age of 16, it was less than a year before McLeod was drafted into the Hawick first-team pack, then one of the mightiest forward units in Britain. Within four years, and only just out of their teens, they made their Test debut against the New Zealanders - a 3-0 defeat at Murrayfield."
Allan Massie is equally flattering:
"He was short, broad-shouldered and huge-thighed, rather harder than teak, but a scrupulous and utterly honest player. Superlatives exhausted themselves on them quickly, for the fact that technically they did everything right. The merit of their front-row play may be gauged by the fact that the Scotland pack in their time held its own in the tight, despite a lack of real weight and strength in the second row..."
They were a personal friend of Bill McLaren, also from Hawick, who describes them as "A man for whom I always have had the highest respect and admiration."
"come here, my wee disciples. Now, ah want tae tell ee that ah've been asked ti lead this pack tomorrow, that ah'm no very keen on the job and if any of you lot want to be pack-leader, just let me know, and ah'll put a word in for you at the right place. Meanwhile, the next one who opens their trap will get my boot bloody hard at their arse."
One of the Anglo-Scots is supposed to have said, "Well, I didn't understand a word of that but it all sounded damned impressive.".
Another famous story involving McLeod, and the lock Frans ten Bos and is told by Bill McLaren. On the evening before the 1963 game between and at Colombes in Paris, Hugh McLeod and Bill McLaren were out having a meal together and bumped into ten Bos near a cafe. Hugh McLeod took Ten Bos aside, and told them bluntly:
"Frans, ye think ye're a guid forrit [forward] but really ye're jist a big lump o' potted meat. If ah was half yer size I'd pick up the first two Frenchmen that looked at me the morn [tomorrow] and ah'd chuck them right ower the bloody stand."
Ten Bos tapped McLaren on the shoulder as they left the cafe, and said, "You know, I'd follow them anywhere."
Scotland later won the game 11-6, rare for an away game.
McLeod retired after forty caps, "because forty is a nice roond figure." McLeod's hobby in later life has been dog shows mainly using their bulldog Spike. They died at the age of 81 on 12 May 2014.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Complete Book of Rugby (Seven Oaks Ltd, 1997 )
McLaren, Bill Talking of Rugby (1991, Stanley Paul, London )
Massie, Allan A Portrait of Scottish Rugby (Polygon, Edinburgh; )
1932 births
2014 deaths
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Scotland
Hawick RFC players
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Rugby union players from Hawick
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Rugby union props
The Assistant () is a 1982 Czechoslovakian drama film directed by Zoro Zahon. The film was selected as the Czechoslovakian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Cast
Gábor Koncz as Valent Lancaric
Elo Romančík as Riecan
Ildikó Pécsi as Mrs. Riecan
Marta Sládecková as Eva Riecanová
Ivan Mistrík as Dobrik
Milan Kis as Filadelfi
József Ropog as Torok
Hana Talpová as Vilma
Július Satinský as Dr. Bielik
See also
List of submissions to the 55th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Czechoslovak submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1982 films
1982 drama films
Slovak drama films
Slovak-language films
Airway Lanes was a band from Melbourne, Australia. The band released their debut album "In Vino Veritas" in May 2008. Their debut EP Airway Lanes, was released mid-2006.
History
Airway Lanes formed in late 2004 after Dan Hall decided to leave their band Taxiride to refine their songwriting talents over the next few years. They hooked up with fellow musician Chris Hawker and began playing a couple of shows as a duo. Paul 'Spyder' Marret and Glen 'Scrub' Evans filled out the band and they started doing live shows. They soon signed to Indie label 'Dust Devil Music'. They recorded an EP with producer Jimi Maroudas. The band's sound is a guitar-based melodic rock sound with attention to lyrical content.
Airway Lanes released its debut album 'In Vino Veritas'. The first single from the album is 'Don't Let Go' Hall/Hawker.
After a five-year hiatus, Airway Lanes returned to live performing in late 2013.
In 2018/19, the band released their final album 'Light Of Day' as a series of three EP's, between June 2018 and June 2019.
The band played their final performance in June 2018 at MEMO Music Hall in St Kilda, Melbourne.
Members
Airway Lanes:
Dan Hall – Guitar, piano and vocals
Chris Hawker – Guitar and vocals
Scrubby – Bass guitar
Spyder – Drums and vocals
Discography
EPs
LPs
External links
Airway Lanes at Myspace
Airway Lanes at theblurb
Australian rock music groups
Emanuel Solomon (1800 – 3 October 1873) was a business person and politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia
History
Emanuel was born in London, a son of Samuel Moss Solomon (c. 1769 – 13 May 1842) and their first wife Elizabeth née Moses (c. 1772–c. 1814). They and their brother Vaiben Solomon (1802 – 21 June 1860) were transported to Sydney and served time for larceny, arriving on 1 May 1818 aboard the Lady Castlereagh.
They arrived in South Australia in 1837 and was one of the founders of the Adelaide Hebrew Congregation.
They founded the Queen's Theatre, Adelaide with brother Vaiben and occasional involvement of nephew Judah Moss Solomon (1818–1880), father of Vaiben Louis Solomon.
In 1848 they and Matthew Smith purchased of land on Spencer Gulf and subdivided it as a township to be known as Port Pirie. Little development occurred on site and by the late 1860s there were only three woolsheds on the riverfront. It was later re-surveyed and became Port Pirie's suburb Solomontown, commonly referred to as "Solly". Solomon had reserved a parcel of land for a synagogue, but was never taken up by the few Jews in Port Pirie. A clause in their will left it to whatever denomination should erect a building there, which offer was taken up by the Bible Christians, who transported a surplus building to the site.
Solomon is commemorated for the generosity they provided to Mary MacKillop.
In November 1871 they gave the Sisters of St. Joseph, who had been evicted from their convent, a house rent free.
In December 1871 they hosted a reception for 500 early settlers of South Australia to celebrate the 35th anniversary of the foundation of the colony. Photographer Henry Jones took photographs of most if not all of those who were invited to attend. They presented a large composite photograph to Solomon, and in 1910 another was purchased from Jones by T. R. Bowman and donated to the Public Library for display in the entrance foyer.
Politics
They were elected to the seat of West Adelaide in the South Australian Legislative Assembly in November 1862, with James Crabb Verco as their colleague, and resigned in 1865. They were elected to the Legislative Council in 1867 and retired in September 1871.
Family
They married fellow convict Mary Ann Wilson on 6 November 1826. On 12 April 1844 they married Cecilia Adelaide Smith ( – 24 July 1852) who died in Sydney; that same year they married a third time, to Catherine Abrahams (c. 1819 – 2 July 1901). Their children included:
Elizabeth Dorseta Solomon (c. 1839 – 16 February 1914) married their cousin Samuel Israel Myers on 24 November 1858. (She had been the focus of a court case against Townsend Duryea amongst others in regards to an alleged conspiracy to elope to Melbourne with John Holthouse Pierce in 1855.)
Rosetta Solomon ( – 24 December 1901) married Joel Moss on 5 July 1865, lived at "Westwood", Glebe Point, New South Wales.
Joseph Samuel Solomon (c. 1844 – 4 September 1940) married Miriam Solomon (died 6 December 1921), the eldest daughter of Abraham Jacob Solomon (c. 1825–1889), on 25 November 1868. They lived at Walkerville Terrace, Walkerville.
Julia Solomon (c. 1844 – January or February 1881) married Victor Voules Brown on 24 January 1864. They died in Darwin.
Catherine Leah Solomon (c. 1848 – 4 July 1897) married Louis Victorsen of Clare on 27 May 1874 at the residence of J. S Solomon, Buxton St, North Adelaide.
Vaiben Joel Solomon (27 November 1854 – 27 January 1936) married Dora Muhr on 25 July 1877
Their oldest brother Moss Solomon (c. 1796 – 3 February 1849) was father of Judah Moss Solomon and grandfather of Vaiben Louis Solomon.
References
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly
Jewish Australian politicians
1800 births
1873 deaths
Burials at West Terrace Cemetery
19th-century Australian politicians
Convicts transported to Australia
Jewish Australian history
Ronald Kyrmse (born 30 April 1952 in Curitiba and living in São Paulo, Brazil since 1975) has been active in researching and propagating the works of J.R.R. Tolkien. They have worked as a translation consultant or translator of JRRT's main works (and works about the author) into Brazilian Portuguese. Their translations include Unfinished Tales, The Adventures of Tom Bombadil, The Children of Húrin, The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún, Letters from Father Christmas, Tree and Leaf, The Fall of Arthur, Smith of Wootton Major, Beowulf: A Translation and Commentary, The Story of Kullervo and Beren and Lúthien (as Contos Inacabados, As Aventuras de Tom Bombadil, Os Filhos de Húrin, A Lenda de Sigurd e Gudrún, Cartas do Papai Noel, Árvore e Folha, A Queda de Artur, Ferreiro de Bosque Grande, Beowulf: Uma Tradução Comentada, A História de Kullervo and Beren e Lúthien respectively). Their most recent works are a new translation of The Lord of the Rings, published in late 2019 by HarperCollins Brasil as O Senhor dos Anéis, and participation in translating The Nature of Middle-earth as A Natureza da Terra-média together with Reinaldo Lopes and Gabriel Brum (2021).
Besides their involvement in translation, they have themselves written Explicando Tolkien [Explaining Tolkien], a book of essays about Tolkien's life and work (Martins Fontes, São Paulo, 2003; ).
Various of their papers on Tolkien are collected at Academia.edu.  They are a supporter of the Brazilian group Tolkien Talk.
Their interest in combinatorial geometry led to the invention of Canonical Polygons; a basic text on these may be found among their papers at Academia.edu.
References
1952 births
People from Curitiba
Living people
Brazilian translators
Bernardino Scala (1581 – 19 January 1667) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Montefeltro (1643–1667) and Bishop of Bisceglie (1637–1643).
Biography
Bernardino Scala was born in Serra Sant'Abbondio, Italy in 1581.
On 12 January 1637, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Bisceglie.
On 25 January 1637, they were consecrated bishop by Antonio Marcello Barberini, Cardinal-Priest of Sant'Onofrio, with Faustus Poli, Titular Archbishop of Amasea, and Celso Zani, Bishop Emeritus of Città della Pieve, serving as co-consecrators.
On 18 May 1643, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Montefeltro.
They served as Bishop of Montefeltro until their death on 19 January 1667.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Urban VIII
1581 births
1667 deaths
Federal Bureau of Prisons Program Statements are the policy documents of the Federal Bureau of Prisons (FBOP). They are promulgated by the FBOP director and FBOP staff are expected to adhere to them.
There are eight series of program statements dealing with various subjects. The Program Statements represent the internal policies of the Federal Bureau of Prisons, and often quote the United States Code and Code of Federal Regulations and provide the FBOP's interpretations of these laws and regulations and procedures for implementing them.
Series
References
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Government documents of the United States
United States administrative law
Bureau of Prisons Programs Statements
The flank or latus is the side of the body between the rib cage and the iliac bone of the hip (below the rib cage and above the ilium).
It is sometimes called the lumbar region.
References
Abdomen
The Utah Chamber Artists is a choir and orchestra based in Salt Lake City, Utah, was established in 1991 by Music Director Barlow Bradford. The ensemble consists of forty singers and forty players.
The choir performed on the National Public Radio program "First Art," appeared on the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's weekly broadcast, performed with Keith Lockhart and the Boston Pops Esplanade Orchestra, and sung on various occasions with the Utah Symphony. Dale Warland and Paul Salamunovich have also been guest conductors during the ensemble's regular concert series. In 1996, the choir was invited to perform with the Israel Chamber Orchestra. Dr. Bradford conducted the ensembles in a concert tour of Israel which culminated in a studio recording of the John Rutter "Requiem."
Utah Chamber Artists orchestra and choir have recorded several compact discs. Their first, "Welcome All Wonders; A Christmas Celebration," was awarded an "Indie" from National Association of Independent Record Distributors & Manufacturers. Utah Chamber Artists have recorded a second Christmas CD, "Joyous Day," which includes Barlow Bradford's arrangements of carols.
The choir and orchestra offer a concert season in Salt Lake City in addition to touring and recording performing a variety of music.
References
External links
Official Website
Utah Chamber Artists Youtube Channel
Musical groups established in 1991
American orchestras
Musical groups from Salt Lake City
Performing arts in Utah
1991 establishments in Utah
Choirs in Utah
USS Champlin may refer to the following ships of the United States Navy:
, a launched in 1918 and decommissioned in 1922; sunk in tests 1936
, a launched in 1942 and decommissioned in 1946; scrapped in 1972
Sources
United States Navy ship names
Stefano Postiglione (born 7 December 1960) is an Italian former water polo player. They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Naples
Princess Myat Phaya Lat (, ; 4 October 1883 – 4 April 1956) was a Burmese royal princess and most senior member of the Royal House of Konbaung. They were the Royal Householder after the death of their father, King Thibaw while in exile in 1916.
Biography
Myat Phaya Lat was born on 4 October 1883 at the Royal Palace, Mandalay. They were the second daughter of King Thibaw by their chief queen Supayalat.
The princess was married on 20 February 1917 at the Collector's Bungalow, Ratnagiri, Bombay, India, to Khin Maung Lat (Burma Raja Sahib), Private Secretary to Ex-King Thibaw, sometime Officer in the Indian Police, a nephew of King Thibaw and son of the Duke and Duchess of Ngape and Mindat. They died on 4 April 1956 at Kalimpong, India, having adopted the son of their Nepalese maidservant, named Maung Lu Gy.
References
Konbaung dynasty
1883 births
1956 deaths
Pretenders to the Burmese throne
Burmese people of World War II
East Wenona was a village in Osage Township, LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. East Winona was located on the eastern border of the city of Wenona in Marshall County. The village was incorporated on May 7, 1908, and had a population of 367 in 1910 and 333 in 1920. The village disincorporated between 1925 and 1927. East Wenona was noted on the 1940 Census map of LaSalle County.
References
Populated places in LaSalle County, Illinois
Former populated places in Illinois
Populated places established in 1908
1908 establishments in Illinois
Former municipalities in Illinois
Hugh Blair (1708 – 1765) was a Scottish laird from Borgue, Kirkcudbrightshire, who was nicknamed "the daft lad of Borgue" due to their many eccentricities. Modern writers have speculated that records of Hugh Blair might be consistent with a modern diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder. Despite their idiosyncratic behaviour, they were generally well liked by people who knew him.
Biography
Hugh was the oldest son of David Blair and Grizell Blair. Hugh had three siblings: a young brother John and two sisters. Hugh's father had died in 1716.
In 1737, Hugh's younger brother John became their legal guardian ('curator'). In 1746, Blair married a surgeon's daughter named Nickie Mitchell. In 1748, their brother (and guardian) John successfully sought to have the marriage annulled by the Commissary Court of Edinburgh. It is uncertain whether Hugh ever knew they were married or not, as whenever they were asked if they would like to marry someone they would reply "yes" regardless of their gender or whether they even knew them or not. They answered "yes" when asked this question by a male commissary in the courtroom. They were also given a questionnaire by the court to test their competency, but they simply rewrote the questions rather than answering them.
Hugh was alleged to have engaged in a number of unusual behaviours including:
Collecting bird feathers, twigs and pieces of cloth.
Always wearing the same piece of clothing which they repaired by sewing patches of new cloth stolen from other people without their knowledge
Requesting the same seat in church and engaging in repetitive acts.
Compulsively keeping objects in the same order.
Attending every nearby burial, regardless of whether they knew the deceased.
Making unannounced visits to others and being oblivious to social cues. For example, they copied greetings but never initiated them.
Socialized with servants who insulted them and played pranks on him, unaware they were the object of their ridicule.
While most considered them feeble-minded, some were impressed with their long term memory.
Ate their meals alone and would allow their pet cat to eat off of theirs plate.
Compulsively washed their wig so that they could see the water drops falling from it.
Repetitively carried rocks and pieces of wood from one place to another for no reason.
After watching some workers, they acquired a great interest in dry stone dykes despite not knowing their use. They built one on their own estate that went nowhere and served no purpose.
Was socially innocent and would strip naked if asked to do so, even if they were in public.
Slept alone in a freezing garret in a bug-ridden bed, filled with twigs and old feathers.
Preferred the company of animals to other people.
References
18th-century Scottish people
1708 births
1765 deaths
Fernando Miranda (born 3 August 1939) is a Puerto Rican former sports shooter. They competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1939 births
Living people
Puerto Rican male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Puerto Rico
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
People from Río Piedras, Puerto Rico
Belmont is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.
History
Belmont was a station on the railroad. A post office was established at Belmont in 1854.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
George Keith, 5th Earl Marischal (c. 1553–1623) was a Scottish nobleman and Earl Marischal. They succeeded as earl on 7 October 1581, upon the death of their grandfather, William Keith, 4th Earl Marischal.
Early life
George Keith was the son of William Keith, Master of Marischal and their wife Elizabeth Hay. Few details of their education are known, but in 1573 they went to Paris to study horsemanship, and during their travels lodged with Theodore Beza in Geneva where their younger brother William was killed by Spanish bandits. They returned to Scotland in 1580 when James VI made a northern progress and held a meeting of the Privy Council of Scotland at Dunnotar Castle on 18 June 1580. In October they were made a Gentleman of the King's Bedchamber. They were a firm Protestant, and took an active part in the affairs of the Church of Scotland.
In May 1583 they were at Linlithgow Palace and played football with the Earl of Bothwell. Bothwell knocked them over, then they kicked Bothwell on the leg. They decided to fight a duel the next day, but the Earl of Angus and the king, James VI, reconciled them.
Arranging a royal marriage
Described as one of the most important and powerful men of their day in Scotland, they were sent as ambassador to Denmark in June 1589 to negotiate the marriage of James VI to Anne of Denmark. Their companions were Andrew Keith, Lord Dingwall, James Scrimgeour Constable of Dundee, John Skene, William Fowler, and George Young. The English ambassador in Scotland, William Asheby, wrote that the Earl would be given £1,500 sterling from the English subsidy money for their expenses, and a payment of £10,000 Scots was recorded in the accounts kept by the Chancellor, John Maitland of Thirlestane. The Master of Gray thought Queen Elizabeth would be displeased by the use of their money for this. Gray heard that Marischal would bring Anne back to Scotland straightaway if the negotiations were successful. One guarantor or cautionar for the Earl's expenses was a wealthy Edinburgh tailor and supporter of the marriage plan, Alexander Oustean.
Marischal's specific instructions included; to ask for £1000,000 Scots to be sent to Scotland when the marriage was contracted, that Scots might be naturalized as Danish citizens for trading advantages, and that Scottish ships would be exempt of the toll or Sound Dues at Helsingør.
They took part in a wedding ceremony at Kronborg on 20 August 1589 which involved them sitting on Anne of Denmark's bed as a proxy for the king. Keith bought a jewel to give to the queen during the ceremony, at the request of King James, their credit assisted by Frederick Lyall, a Scottish merchant in Helsingør. Lyall was the factor of the Scottish merchant George Bruce of Carnock.
At the conclusion of the proxy wedding the earl was presented with jewels as a reward, including a portrait miniature of Sophie of Mecklenburg-Güstrow and, it is said, they were gifted timber for building and roofing their house at Keith Marischal.
There was discussion whether the queen's dowry money should be brought home untouched to Scotland, or whether they and their kinsmen, Lord Dingwall and William Keith of Delny, should be recompensed. The Earl and Maitland disagreed over this and other issues. Marischal set sail for Scotland in their ship with the queen's fleet, the Gabriel, but the ships were driven by adverse winds to Flekkerøy in October 1589. They took a lead role in discussions there and it was decided that Anne of Denmark would stay in Oslo. James VI sailed from Leith to meet their bride there. King James rewarded them on 25 November with the temporal lordship of Deer Abbey.
Later life
On 14 April 1592 their wife Margaret, Countess Marischal, welcomed Captain Thomas Kerr or Carr and their brothers and friends to Dunnotar Castle, and they took command of the castle. At first it was thought they were agents of the Earl of Huntly and the lairds of Aberdeenshire began to assemble to recover the castle, but soon it was reported that the countess themselves had invite Kerr to eject the earl's servants who had displeased them In May 1592 the earl and their wife were at Perth and said to reconcile.
They founded the Marischal College in Aberdeen in 1593 and was Royal commissioner to the Parliament of Scotland in 1609. In the early 1590's they inherited the title of Lord Altrie from an uncle, Robert.
They rebuilt their family seat of Keith Marischal in 1589, and also constructed new buildings at Dunnottar Castle. They also built new harbours at Stonehaven and Peterhead, using Norwegian timber and employing the mason James Mackene. The earl had a fishing boat and house at Footdee in Aberdeen, as well as a townhouse between the Tolbooth and the Quay. Other houses included "Gubriell" near Dunfermline. In 1595 they bought a cargo of Norwegian timber for building Peterhead harbour from Thomas Ogilvy, with their ship, the Bonaventure. However, the ship did not belong to Ogilvy.
They preferred literature to public affairs, and about 1620 they retired to Dunnottar Castle. They died there on 2 April 1623.
Marriages and children
They married firstly (c. Feb. 1581) Margaret (d. 1598), the daughter of Alexander Home, 5th Lord Home and Margaret Ker, a daughter of Sir Walter Ker of Cessford. Their children included:
William Keith, 6th Earl Marischal.
Anne Keith who married William Douglas, 7th Earl of Morton.
Margaret Keith who married Sir Robert Arbuthnott, of that ilk but had no issue.
Mary Keith married John Campbell of Cawdor
Gilbert Keith of Benholm who married Margaret Lindsay
They married secondly (c. 1599), Margaret Ogilvy daughter of James Ogilvy, 5th Lord Ogilvy of Airlie. Their children included:
James Keith of Benholm who had no male issue.
Sir John Alexander Keith b. 10 Oct 1611 d. 1639, married Jeane Watsonne. Parents of Rev George Keith, Scottish Missionary
Jewels
Margaret Ogilvy became involved with Sir Alexander Strachan of Thornton. They were accused of taking furnishings and a green coffer belonging to the Earl Marischal from their house at Benholm in 1622. The chest was supposed to contain property deeds, Portuguese ducats, 36 dozen gold buttons, a rich jewel set with diamonds worth 6,000 merks given to the earl when they were ambassador in Denmark, a miniature portrait of Sophie of Mecklenburg-Güstrow, Queen of Denmark set in gold and circled with diamonds worth 5,000 merks, a "jasp" stone believed to stem the flow of blood, a chain of 400 well-matched pearls, two gold chains, and other jewels and rings. The Benholm furnishings included tapestry and silver plate. They married Thornton, and in 1625 as a legal settlement they returned part of this treasure to the new earl.
References
A Genealogical History of the Dormant, Abeyant, Forfeited, and Extinct Peerages of the British Empire, Sir Bernard Burke, 1883.
|-
Further reading
Kerr-Peterson, Miles (2019), A Protestant Lord in James VI's Scotland: George Keith, Fifth Earl Marischal (1554 - 1623), The Boydell Press, Suffolk
External links
Letter from King James to the Earl Marischal, congratulating them on concluding the marriage, 1 August 1589, Folger Shakespeare Library, X.c.108
1623 deaths
Ambassadors of Scotland to Denmark
Earls Marischal
Founders of Scottish schools and colleges
Lords High Commissioner to the Parliament of Scotland
Year of birth unknown
Year of birth uncertain
People associated with the University of Aberdeen
Andrea Mazzantini (born 11 July 1968) is an Italian former professional football player who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Mazzantini started their career with amateur club Canaletto under Adriano Buffon, the father of Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon.
After playing six seasons between Serie C2 and Serie C1, Mazzantini was appointed as a first choice goalkeeper by Venezia chairperson, Maurizio Zamparini.
After three seasons spent in Serie B, Mazzantini moved to Inter Milan where they used to be the backup choice of Italy international Gianluca Pagliuca.
They played their first Serie A game in 1996-97, when replaced Pagliuca against Reggiana in the second half. Likewise, they played their second and last game with Inter in the final match of season 1997-98 against Empoli.
In January 1999 they moved to Perugia where they played three seasons and half under Serse Cosmi, prior to move to Siena at the beginning of season 2002-2003. However, they did not manage to make an appearance with them as they suffered a car accident and was forced to an early retirement.
Honours
Inter
UEFA Cup: 1997–98
References
1968 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 players
U.S. Livorno 1915 players
Spezia Calcio players
Venezia F.C. players
Inter Milan players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
UEFA Cup winning players
The 2021–22 Ball State Cardinals men's basketball team represented Ball State University in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Cardinals, led by ninth-year head coach James Whitford, played their home games at Worthen Arena in Muncie, IN as members of the Mid-American Conference. They finished the season 14–17, 9–10 in MAC play to finish in sixth place. They lost to Ohio in the quarterfinals of the MAC Tournament.
On March 14, 2022, the school fired head coach James Whitford. On March 25, UCLA assistant coach Michael Lewis was named the team's new head coach.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Cardinals finished the 2020–21 season 7–11, 5–8 in MAC play to finish in a tie for eighth place. The Cardinals lost to Toledo in the quarterfinals of the MAC Tournament.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
Recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| MAC regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| MAC Tournament
Source
References
Ball State Cardinals men's basketball seasons
Ball State Cardinals
Ball State Cardinals men's basketball
Ball State Cardinals men's basketball
St Nicholas' Church, Codsall is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Codsall
History
The doorway is Norman. The west tower dates from the 14th century. The rest was built between 1846 and 1848 by architect Edward Banks. It comprises a 5 bay nave with aisles, south porch, north vestry, and west tower.
Memorials
Walter Wrottesley (d. 1630).
Organ
The church contains a pipe organ by Reginald Fisk of Wolverhampton and rebuilt by Hawkins in 1974. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in South Staffordshire
Listed buildings in Codsall
References
Church of England church buildings in Staffordshire
Churches completed in 1848
Grade II* listed churches in Staffordshire
Fang Peak is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located east of Rivers Inlet and southeast of Mount Fitzgerald.
Fang Peak lies on the eastern rim of a circular volcanic depression in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains called the Silverthrone Caldera.
References
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Pacific Ranges
Range 2 Coast Land District
A flan, in British cuisine, is an egg-based dish with an open, rimmed pastry or sponge base containing a sweet or savoury filling. Examples are bacon and egg flan and custard tart.
History
Flan is known in Roman cuisine. It was often a savory dish, as in "eel flan"; sweet flans were also enjoyed.
In the Middle Ages, both sweet and savory flans (almonds, cinnamon and sugar; cheese, curd, spinach, fish) were very popular in Europe, especially during Lent, when meat was forbidden.
Etymology
The English word "flan", and the earlier forms "flaune" and "flawn", come from the Old French flaon (modern French flan), in turn from the early Medieval Latin fladō (accusative fladōnem), of Germanic origin, from an Indo-European root meaning "flat" or "broad".
See also
Flan cake
Flaó
List of pies, tarts and flans
Quiche
References
British desserts
Pies
Jaqson Kojoroski (born 3 January 1979) is a Brazilian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Santa Catarina (state)
Handball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Handball players at the 2007 Pan American Games
Handball players at the 2011 Pan American Games
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games silver medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Scott Woodward may refer to:
Scott Woodward (athletic director), collegiate athletic director
Scott Woodward (biologist), microbiologist and molecular biologist
Scott Woodward (Branding executive) American marketing, branding, advertising, and public relations executive.
Mary Ann Casey (born November 11, 1949) is an American retired diplomat who was a career Foreign Service Officer and U.S. Ambassador to Algeria (1991–1994) and Tunisia (1994–1997).
Life and career
Casey was born in Boulder, Colorado on November 11, 1949. They graduated with a degree in international relations from the University of Colorado at Boulder in 1970, and spent most of their overseas career in northern Africa. Them first assignment was as vice consul and political officer at the U.S. Embassy in Morocco; their most recent overseas position was Ambassador to Tunisia. In between, they spent time as a Watch Officer in the State Department Operations Center, desk officer for Iraq, as a Hoover Institution National Fellow at Stanford, as Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research, and as the Ambassador to Algeria.
Upon returning from Tunisia, Ambassador Casey became the State Department's "Diplomat in Residence" at the University of Colorado at Boulder, where they helped establish the Smith Hall International Program, chaired the International Affairs committee of the University's Conference on World Affairs, and taught several courses on international relations.
Them foreign languages include Arabic and French.
Notes and references
External links
1949 births
Living people
People from Boulder, Colorado
Ambassadors of the United States to Algeria
Ambassadors of the United States to Tunisia
University of Colorado alumni
University of Colorado Boulder faculty
United States Foreign Service personnel
American women ambassadors
20th-century American diplomats
20th-century American women
Giovanni Andrea Biscaino was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, described by the Grove Dictionary of Art as a "mediocre landscape painter". They were born in Genoa. They were the father and teacher of the painter, etcher and draughtsman Bartolomeo Biscaino. They died at Genoa of the plague in 1657.
Sources
1657 deaths
17th-century Genoese people
17th-century Italian painters
17th-century deaths from plague (disease)
Italian male painters
Painters from Genoa
Italian Baroque painters
Year of birth unknown
Italian landscape painters
Jonathan David Morris (October 8, 1804 – May 16, 1875) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a two-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1847 to 1851.
They were the son of Thomas Morris and brother of Isaac N. Morris.
Early life and career
Born in Columbia, Hamilton County, Ohio Morris attended the public schools.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Batavia, Ohio.
They served as clerk of the courts of Clermont County.
Congress
Morris was elected as a Democrat to the Thirtieth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Thomas L. Hamer
They were reelected to the Thirty-first Congress and served from March 4, 1847, to March 3, 1851.
Death
They died in Connersville, Indiana, May 16, 1875.
They were interred in Citizens Cemetery, Batavia, Ohio.
Sources
1804 births
1875 deaths
People from Batavia, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
People from Hamilton County, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Animator.ru is a Russian website chronicling the films, people and studios of the animation industry in Russia, the former Soviet Union and (to a lesser extent) the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). It also includes a forum, a news block, a photo-gallery and an animators labour exchange. The database is available in Russian and English, while the other sections are Russian-language only.
It was founded with the financial support of the Federal Agency on Press and Mass Communications of Russia.
Its earliest records come from 1912 (the films of Ladislas Starevich). Much of the information in it is not documented by bigger English-language film databases such as IMDb.
The website has a Yandex citing index of 1700.
See also
History of Russian animation
References
External links
Animator.ru Website (English Version)
Websites about animation
Entertainment Internet forums
Online film databases
Russian film websites
Neha Amandeep is an Indian actor and model who acted in television and films.
Biography
Though Amandeep is an actor, they worked as a model too. They appeared in many advertisements including the advertisements of Big Bazaar, Pran and Horlicks. Them first work in television was in Sahara One's television series Sahib Biwi Gulam. In this television series they acted as a child actor.
Amandeep's first film was Hey Prabhu Dekha De was released in 2016. This film was an Odia film. They made their debut in Bangla television arena with Stree in 2016. Then, they appeared in Om Namah Shivay. They also appeared in Star Jalsha's Durga Puja teledrama Durgatinashini Durga in 2018 as Devi Kaushiki.
Amandeep appeared in two television films titled Chore Chore Mastuto Bhai and Jayo Jayo Debi in 2019. They also appeared in Didi No. 1 and Thakumar Jhuli in 2019. Them first Bangladeshi film Prem Chor was released on 6 December 2019. They worked in Sun Bangla's daily soap opera Kone Bou.
Filmography
Television
Film
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Indian actores
Bengali television actores
Actresses in Hindi television
Indian television child actores
Actresses in Bengali cinema
Actresses in Odia cinema
Female models from West Bengal
Indian female models
Moulay Ismail University (; ) is a university in Meknes city, Morocco, which was founded in 1989. It is named after the Moroccan Sultan Moulay Ismaïl.
See also
List of universities in Morocco
References
External links
Moulay Ismail University in numbers
Moulay Ismail University
Meknes
Educational institutions established in 1989
1989 establishments in Morocco
In the branches of abstract algebra known as ring theory and module theory, each right (resp. left) R-module M has a singular submodule consisting of elements whose annihilators are essential right (resp. left) ideals in R. In set notation it is usually denoted as . For general rings, is a good generalization of the torsion submodule tors(M) which is most often defined for domains. In the case that R is a commutative domain, .
If R is any ring, is defined considering R as a right module, and in this case is a two-sided ideal of R called the right singular ideal of R. The left handed analogue is defined similarly. It is possible for .
Definitions
Here are several definitions used when studying singular submodules and singular ideals.
In the following, M is an R-module:
M is called a singular module if .
M is called a nonsingular module if .
R is called right nonsingular if . A left nonsingular ring is defined similarly, using the left singular ideal, and it is entirely possible for a ring to be right-but-not-left nonsingular.
In rings with unity it is always the case that , and so "right singular ring" is not usually defined the same way as singular modules are. Some authors have used "singular ring" to mean "has a nonzero singular ideal", however this usage is not consistent with the usage of the adjectives for modules.
Properties
Some general properties of the singular submodule include:
where denotes the socle of M.
If f is a homomorphism of R-modules from M to N, then .
If N is a submodule of M, then .
The properties "singular" and "nonsingular" are Morita invariant properties.
The singular ideals of a ring contain central nilpotent elements of the ring. Consequently, the singular ideal of a commutative ring contains the nilradical of the ring.
A general property of the torsion submodule is that , but this does not necessarily hold for the singular submodule. However, if R is a right nonsingular ring, then .
If N is an essential submodule of M (both right modules) then M/N is singular. If M is a free module, or if R is right nonsingular, then the converse is true.
A semisimple module is nonsingular if and only if it is a projective module.
If R is a right self-injective ring, then , where J(R) is the Jacobson radical of R.
Examples
Right nonsingular rings are a very broad class, including reduced rings, right (semi)hereditary rings, von Neumann regular rings, domains, semisimple rings, Baer rings and right Rickart rings.
For commutative rings, being nonsingular is equivalent to being a reduced ring.
Important theorems
Johnson's Theorem (due to R. E. Johnson ) contains several important equivalences. For any ring R, the following are equivalent:
R is right nonsingular.
The injective hull E(RR) is a nonsingular right R-module.
The endomorphism ring is a semiprimitive ring (that is, ).
The maximal right ring of quotients is von Neumann regular.
Right nonsingularity has a strong interaction with right self injective rings as well.
Theorem: If R is a right self injective ring, then the following conditions on R are equivalent: right nonsingular, von Neumann regular, right semihereditary, right Rickart, Baer, semiprimitive.
The paper used nonsingular modules to characterize the class of rings whose maximal right ring of quotients have a certain structure.
Theorem: If R is a ring, then is a right full linear ring if and only if R has a nonsingular, faithful, uniform module. Moreover, is a finite direct product of full linear rings if and only if R has a nonsingular, faithful module with finite uniform dimension.
Textbooks
Primary sources
Module theory
Ring theory
Acer stonebergae is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from two fossil samaras. The species is solely known from the Early Eocene sediments exposed in northeast Washington state, United States, and the adjacent area of south central British Columbia, Canada. It is one of three species belonging to the extinct section Torada.
History and classification
The species was described from a pair of complete fruit specimens. One of the two specimens was recovered from sediments of the early Eocene, Ypresian Allenby Formation exposed at the One Mile Creek site near Princeton, British Columbia. The other fossil was recovered from the "Corner lot site", Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture location UWBM A0307 in Republic, Washington . Location UWBM A0307 is an outcropping of shale belonging to the Ypresian Klondike Mountain Formation and is in the Republic Graben of Northeast Washington State. Both the Allenby and Klondike Mountain Formations preserve upland temperate floras which were first interpreted as being Microthermal, however further study has shown them to be more mesothermal in nature. The plant community preserved in the Klondike Mountain formation is a mixed confer-broad leaf forest with large pollen elements of birch and golden larch, but also having notable traces of fir, spruce, cypress, and palm. The Allenby formation is similar with the birch and golden larch as strong pollen signals and traces of fir and spruce, however the cypress and palm are not distinct signals.
Acer stonebergae was described from a pair of specimens, the holotype, number "PDMA 1984 OMC 1001" which is currently preserved in the paleobotanical collections housed at the Princeton District Museum and Archives and the paratype, "UWBM 56254 A,B", is in the paleobotanical collection of the Burke Museum, part of the University of Washington in Seattle. The specimens were studied by paleobotanists Jack A. Wolfe of the United States Geological Survey, Denver office and Toshimasa Tanai of Hokkaido University. Wolfe and Tanai published their 1987 type description for A. stonebergae in the Journal of the Faculty of Science, Hokkaido University. The etymology of the chosen specific name stonebergae is in recognition of Margaret Stoneberg from the Princeton District Museum who made the museums collections available for the authors to study. A. stonebergae is one of three species assigned to the extinct section Torada. The three members of the section A. stonebergae, A.toradense, and A. washingtonense were known only from the Republic and Princeton fossil localities when first described. Of the three species, both A. stonebergae and A. toradense are only known from the samara fossils, only A. washingtonense has been described from both leaves and samaras. The three are among a number of Acer species described from the Republic and Princeton sites by Wolfe and Tanai.
Description
The samaras of Acer stonebergae have distinct bifurcating ridges on the nutlet which are unique to section Torada. The overall shape of the samara is ovoid with an average length of up to and a wing width of . The paired samaras for A. stonebergae have a 20-30° attachment angle which is less than the 45° attachment angle seen in A. toradense and A.washingtonense. While very similar in morphology to A. washingtonense and A. toradense the samaras of A. stonebergae are distinguishable from both by its notably larger overall size. Two other maple species found in the Allenby Formation, A. princetonense and A. stockeyae are similar in size to A. stonebergae. The reticulate wing venation, and morphology of the nutlet on A. princetonense separates it from A. stonebergae, while the elliptical shape of the nutlet and only 5 veins coalescing along the upper margin of the wing separates A. stockeyae.
References
stonebergae
Prehistoric angiosperms
Plants described in 1987
Fossil taxa described in 1987
Ypresian plants of North America
Extinct flora of North America
Klondike Mountain Formation
Allenby Formation
Joseph Leeson, 2nd Earl of Milltown (1730 – 27 November 1801), styled Viscount Russborough between 1763 and 1783, was an Irish peer.
Life
Leeson was the son of Joseph Leeson, 1st Earl of Milltown, by Cecilia, daughter of Francis Leigh, of Rathangan. They had their portrait painted in 1751 in Italy and they are thought to have had an affair with Peg Plunkett who took their surname even though they never married.
They were elected to the Irish House of Commons for Thomastown in 1757, a seat they held until 1761. They became known by the courtesy title Viscount Russborough when their father was elevated to an earldom in 1763. In 1783 they succeeded in the earldom and took their seat in the Irish House of Lords.
Lord Milltown died aged 72 on the 27th of November 1801 at Chelsea, London, England. and was succeeded by their younger brother, Brice Leeson.
References
1730 births
1801 deaths
Leeson, Joseph
Leeson, Joseph
Earls of Milltown
Tiger was an Indian detective soap opera that aired in the 1990s, directed by Shahab Shamsi.
Plot
Set in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, it consists of unique episodes of detective theme.
Crew
Director: Shahab Shamsi
Cast
See also
Junoon
Ajnabi
References
DD Metro original programming
Indian television soap operas
1990s Indian television series
A. carbonaria may refer to:
An abbreviation of a species name. In binomial nomenclature the name of a species is always the name of the genus to which the species belongs, followed by the species name (also called the species epithet). In A. carbonaria the genus name has been abbreviated to A. and the species has been spelled out in full. In a document that uses this abbreviation it should always be clear from the context which genus name has been abbreviated.
Some of the most common uses of A. carbonaria are:
Acronicta carbonaria, a moth species found in Japan, the Korean Peninsula and the Russian Far East
Albizia carbonaria, the naked albizia or cotton varay, a tree species in the genus Albizia
See also
Carbonaria (disambiguation)
The Nik Family refers to the people who have the Nik (Jawi: نىٔ) title in front of their names in Malaysia. The Nik family largely originated from the state of Kelantan, which is located on the east coast of the Malaysian Peninsula. As Nik is part of the Malay Title by inheritance, it is customary for the title to be passed on to the children of a father who has the Nik title. Rarely, the title is also passed on from a mother having the Nik title. According to the history of Kelantan, the first recognised Sultan of Kelantan, Sultan Muhammad I, was also known as Nik Muhammadiah. The first king of Reman in Upper Pattani and Upper Perak was also known as Tok Nik Leh.
According to Ustaz Abdullah Nakula, a well-known writer in Kelantan, the Niks in Kelantan, Pattani (now part of southern Thailand) are believed to be the offspring of Nik Ali, who was an important official under the rulers of Pattani. Nik Ali was also known as Fakih Ali Malbari (Fakih meaning islamic jurist) and studied Islam in India. Also it is customary in Kelantan and Pattani that when a princess marries a common man, their children will bear the Nik title.
Notable members of the Nik family
Nik Abdul Aziz bin Nik Mat, the former Menteri Besar of Kelantan.
Nik Ahmad Kamil bin Nik Mahmud, former Speaker of the Dewan Rakyat
Nik Abduh bin Nik Abdul Aziz, son of Nik Abduk Aziz and Member of Parliamentary seat of Pasir Mas.
Nik Umar bin Nik Abdul Aziz, son od Nik Abdul Aziz and chairperson of Islamic Da'wah Foundation Malaysia (Malay:Yayasan Dakwah Islamiah Malaysia) YADIM.
Nik Hashim bin Nik Abdul Rahman, Federal Court of Malaysia judge
Nik Abdul Rashid bin Nik Abdul Majid, former Director of Institute Teknologi MARA (ITM)
Nik Nazmi bin Nik Ahmad, Member of Selangor State Assembly for Seri Setia
Nik Ramlah binti Nik Mahmood, managing director of the Securities Commission
Nik Zainiah binti Nik Abd. Rahman, director general of the Malaysia Productivity Corporation.
Nik Mustapha bin Raja Abdullah, vice-chancellor of Universiti Putra Malaysia
Nik Abdul Rashid @ Nik Idris bin Nik Ismail (deceased), Independent Non-Executive Director/Chairman of Kosmo Technology Industrial Berhad. Former Head of Faculty of Business Department Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia (UKM). former deputy vice-chancellor (UKM), co-chairperson of Besta Distributors Sdn Bhd.
Nik Anuar bin Nik Mahmud, former Professor of History at Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia
Nik Safiah binti Nik Abdul Karim, Educationist and champions for women development and rights.
Nik Muhammad Farith Adruce bin Nik Adelin, TV host and actor
Nik Ahmad Fadly bin Nik Leh, footballer
Nik Zul Aziz bin Nik Nawawi, footballer
Nik Mohd Shahrul Azim bin Nik Abdul Halim, footballer
Nik Esah binti Nik Ahmed Kamil, compiler of the book Nik's Kitchen, special menus of the Kelantan cuisine.
Nik Saiful Adli bin Burhan @ Jaohari, Chairman of Gabungan Pelajar Melayu Semenanjung (GPMS) Negeri Kelantan, Asst Secretary of Higher Education Committee of Majlis Belia Malaysia, The Chairman & Founder of Himpunan Siswazah Kelantan UiTM & Penolong Pengarah BTN Jabatan Perdana Menteri
Nik Faizah binti Mustapha, Ketua Pergerakan Pandu Puteri Malaysia
Nik Elin Zurina binti Nik Abdul Rashid, Lawyer and human rights activist. Also the daughter of Dato' Nik Abdul Rashid bin Nik Abdul Majid
Dr. Nik Muhammad Hanis, Phd of Education, Education Consultant
Nik Zulashraf Aizad, crypto currency investor
Nik Mohammad Izzul Azfar, Founder Cakna Kewangan
Nik Ahmad Kamal Nik Hashim (PokNik), Drop-ship Expert
Nik Iman Salahudin
Nik Nur Madihah Nik Mohd Kamal, the greatest students which scored 19 A1 in 2008 SPM.
Nik Aliff Qisthi Ahmad Qazzafi, Malaysian Youth
Professor Emeritus Dato Dr Nik Hassan Shuhaimi Bin Nik Abdul Rahman,merupakan pakar arkeologi dari UKM dan Timbalan Pengarah Akademi Tamadun Melayu (Atma),Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia(UKM).
Nik Muhammad Hazim bin Nik Mohamed Hazmi, Chairman of Pertubuhan Kebajikan Nasionalis Insan Jalinan Akrab Malaysia (Ninja Society Malaysia).
References
External links
Official website of the Kelantan state government
Malaysian families
People from Kelantan
Cyril Pullin (18 August 1892 – 23 April 1973) was a British inventor, engineer and motorcycle race driver. Their inventions contributed to the rotary engine and the helicopter. Their son was the pilot for the first successful British helicopter flight in 1938. Cyril Pullin died in 1973 aged 80.
Early life
Cyril George Pullin was born 1892 in Wandsworth, London. They became a well known motorcycle racer and in 1914 won the Isle of Man TT race.
Racing career
In 1914 Cyril Pullin won the Isle of Man TT with a record average of 49.49 mph on a Rudge Multi which had a variable belt drive gearbox giving an effective option of over 20 speeds which made a huge difference on the hills. The race, which ran for over four hours was led by Oliver Godfrey (riding an Indian) and Howard R Davies (on a Sunbeam) who is a dead heated for second place when Pullin overtook them both to win by only 6.4 seconds. Pullin's success on the day was sadly marred when fellow competitor in the Junior TT Frank Walker came round the final corner on their Royal Enfield to find the road blocked by people trying to see the finish. They did their best to avoid injuring spectators but was killed in the crash. Following the tragedy the organisers of the TT introduced rope barriers and crowd control.
On 23 March 1922 at Brooklands Pullin established a new record and became the first ever British motorcyclist to be timed at over 100 m.p.h. on a 3 hp Douglas 500cc motorcycle.
Inventions
In the 1920s Pullin developed various helicopter engine patents and in the 1940s they developed the Powerwheel, a rotary engine in the hub of a motorcycle wheel, a rotating single-cylinder engine known as a one-lunger. This consisted of just the cylinder and a clutch which could be engaged and disengaged, with a simple drum brake. The invention never entered production but is credited as an important step in rotary engine development.
Their sister was married to Stephen Leslie Bailey, a then prominent engineer at Douglas Motorcycles and many of their patents were filed under the name of that company.
Car and motorcycle business
In 1928 Pullin took over the former Phoenix factory in Letchworth, Hertfordshire, to produce Ascot-Pullin Motorcycles and the Ascot car based on the Hungarian Fejes, with chassis and 10 hp engines assembled from welded steel pressings. It never went into production.
A larger car, the Ascot Gold Cup Six with a 2423 cc six-cylinder engine possibly made by Continental, three-speed gearbox and servo brakes did become a reality and a few production cars were made. It was advertised as being available as a two-seat sports, coupé or fabric saloon.
Rotary wing aircraft
In 1932 Pullin joined G & J Weir Ltd's aircraft department, in Glasgow, Scotland, as chief designer to develop single-place autogyros. Pullin and their team designed a series of Autogiros before moving on to a small helicopter using two rotors mounted atop outriggers each side of the fuselage. The Weir W.5 was a single-seat helicopter powered by an air-cooled engine, and established a maximum airspeed of 70 mph. Its two two-blade, fixed-pitch rotors had swashplate-actuated cyclic control. The W.5 made its first flight at Dalrymple, Ayrshire, on 7 June 1938, when it was piloted by Raymond Pullin and it became the first British helicopter to fly successfully. By World War II the W.5 had logged eighty hours' flying time and was followed by a scaled-up version, the W.6, which was the first two-seater helicopter in the world, powered by a much more powerful DH Gipsy aero engine. Further progress on this model was prevented by World War II.
Pullin designed the 1500 cc "Flat Twin" and the "4-Cylinder"(later called Pixie when licensed to Aero Engines Ltd of Bristol) engines which followed it. These were used in the Weir W2, W3 and W4 autogiros. The "Four Cylinder" was adapted to power the twin-rotor W5 Helicopter.
After the war development at the Cierva Autogiro Company of the W.9 "Drainpipe" and the 24-passenger-carrying W.11 Air Horse helicopters continued under the direction of Cyril Pullin. A fatal crash of the W11 Air Horse, due to a small component fatigue failure, put an end to this very promising heavy-lift helicopter project. The remnants of the Cierva Autogiro Company were taken over by Saunders Roe, who continued the development of the small Skeeter helicopter and put it into production.
See also
Ascot (1928 automobile)
Fairey FB-1 Gyrodyne
References
Sources
Douglas Light Aero Engines from Kingswood to Cathcart. 2010. Author Brian Thorby. Redcliffe Press, Bristol
External links
1914 picture of 21-year-old Cyril Pullin on their winning motorcycle. It was an earlier model which they had designed. This site is about the TT race, and tells the story of the race and the motorcycle design
Cyril Pullin's patents. This site about old Douglas motorcycle parts digs into old engine and motor patents, specifically following various stages of Cyril Pullin's work and inventions
Image of Pullin riding motorcycle in 1923
TT database rider profile
TT database TT results
1890s births
1973 deaths
British motorcycle pioneers
People from Wandsworth
British automobile designers
English motorcycle racers
Isle of Man TT riders
Aircraft designers
English aerospace engineers
My Dead Body is a 2009 pulp-noir / horror novel by American writer Charlie Huston. It is the fifth novel in the Joe Pitt Casebooks, following Every Last Drop. The series follows the life of the New York vampyre Joe Pitt, who works sometimes as an enforcer for various vampyre factions in New York and sometimes as a sort of detective.
Plot summary
My Dead Body brings the story arc of the preceding four books of the Joe Pitt series to a close, as the rival vampyre factions of Manhattan Island face off.
Characters
External links
Author Charlie Huston's Official Website and Blog
2000s horror novels
2009 American novels
Contemporary fantasy novels
American horror novels
Novel series
American thriller novels
American vampire novels
Novels set in Manhattan
Del Rey books
Sursara, also known as Sursura is a village in Kishangarh tehsil in Ajmer district in the Indian state of Rajasthan, situated 8 km south of Rupangarh town on Parbatsar - Kishangarh road. This is the place where the Jat folk-deity Tejaji died from a snakebite when they back on the way after fighting with the enemies on 28 August 1103.
Geography
Sursura is located 16 km north from Kishangarh on Parbatsar Road. It has Rupangarh in its north, Kishangarh in south and Harmara in east. It has an average elevation of 416 meters (1365 ft).
Sursura has a hot semi-arid climate. March to July are summer months and the temperature goes up to 45 °C. The winter months of October to February are mild and pleasant, with minimum temperature 0°, and with little or no humidity.
Infrastructure
There is gau shala. There are four government schools in Sursura. There is also a Dharamshala in front of tejaji's Temple in which life of Tejaji is depicted, as well as Dadu's Temple and Tejaji's Temple.
Demography
Sursura is home of 1100 families and population of about 8,000. Majority of population are Hindus and small minority is Muslim and Sindhi. Marwari and Hindi are majorly spoken languages.
Transport
The village is centrally located. State Highway 7 links Kishangarh and Parbatsar, passes through Sursura. It is also connected to Harmara. Bus service is operated from the bus stand situated at main entrance.
See also
Tejaji
Paner
Kharnal
Villages in Ajmer district
Borotín is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Borotín (Blansko District), a municipality and village in the South Moravian Region
Borotín (Tábor District), a market town in the South Bohemian Region
Social media consists of a myriad of means in which the interactions among people using web-based tools and platforms creates online virtual communities centered on user input and the sharing of information. Social media features anything from content-sharing to collaboration, and can take the form of platforms such as micro-blogging, forums, bookmarking sites, social networks and wikis. Prominent examples of social media include websites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube and Reddit.
Social media is not only used for personal uses but is now playing a growing role in business and organisations; with entrepreneurs increasingly looking towards social media platforms to market their businesses. It is evidently becoming the case that investment in social media “is a necessity, not a luxury”, it is a fundamental instrument which should be used in any marketing plan.
However, it is clear that business owners encounter various challenges with respect to investing in social media; they may face lack of time and knowledge on how to determine the return on investment (ROI) as an example; this is a recognized measurement to evaluate the efficiency and financial consequences of an investment and to ultimately assess the profitability of a business.
Return on Investment (ROI)
ROI refers to the money that a business or a corporation earns as a percentage of the full value of their assets which have been invested. The method to calculate this is:
Return on investment = (Income - Cost) / Cost.
ROI is the most common profitability ratio that establishes the efficiency of an investment. In this context, ROI will measure the returns from a social media investment. However, it is commonly argued that calculating ROI is difficult and also depends on the applied returns and costs. There is no universal way of measuring the ROI of the social media commitments (Kelly, 2012). As such, some business owners tend to count how many Facebook fans and Twitter followers they have or how many retweets and likes they enjoy. However, this may not be an effective measure of ROI. We can measure ROI using metric tools that foster conversion measurement and optimized CPM, which enables Facebook ads to reach the target audience (Burg, 2013). This enables the investor to know who clicked through their ads thus enhancing future business planning. In addition, we can measure ROI by analyzing interactions, calculated by multiplying the number of received likes by the number of friends of those likes witnessed the action. This defines how far the advert went; moreover, we can analyze traffic to determine the ROI in social media efforts (Harden & Heyman, 2011). Indeed, different social media understand the business owners need to evaluate their ROI in social media and thus there is a provision for built-in analytics tools for following engagement, likes, and shares (Burg, 2013). This helps the marketers to determine how often people find the marketer's page through the social sites. For example, on Facebook, one can analyze the comment to like a ratio of posts while on Twitter, one can analyze the retweets to tweet ratio. Notably, the higher the ratios, the higher the ROI is.
Benefits of investing in social media
Building brand recognition and loyalty
Initially, business owners may choose to invest in social media as a means of building their brand recognition. Through social media, businesses can simultaneously draw in new consumers whilst making existing customers more familiar with the brand. For example, through the use of the micro-blogging site Twitter; brands can promote their products with a simple “tweet”, and any regular Twitter user could potentially stumble across their products and services via their newsfeed, whilst existing customers may become extra accustomed to the brand after seeing positive responses; following the current consumer's fashions. Companies can effectively use social media to enforce their company history, values and advantages in a way that will appeal to, and attract, many consumers.
It is statistically proven that businesses who engage in social media experience higher brand loyalty from their customers, hence we've seen not only an increase in investments, but also in the ROI; with over “72% of marketers now using social media to develop loyal fans”, and of those who have been engaging in social media platforms for at least 1 year, “69% found it useful for building a loyal fan base”.
Social media campaigns drive sales
Social media can directly lead to an increase in sales and brand awareness, as demonstrated with multiple campaigns in the past. A notable example was the success of the Jimmy Choo (2010) ‘CatchAChoo' campaign; with which the internationally acclaimed luxury shoe and accessories brand set out to generate substantial online exposure to promote their new trainer collection, engaging customers through a real-time treasure hunt around London to locate a pair of trainers using the ‘Foursquare' network. This campaign lasted just under 3 weeks, with over 4000 individuals participating and 250 different blogs covering this campaign; with over 4000 mentions of this hunt on Twitter. The results? Trainer sales in Jimmy Choo stores rose by over 33% after coverage from The Evening Standard, furthermore the reputation of the brand; measured by positive mentions of the brand, went up by almost 40% as a result in less than a month.
Similarly, online fashion store ASOS.com launched another Twitter campaign; using the '#BestNightEver' hashtag. ASOS achieved high levels of customer engagement, in turn driving more than £5m worth of sales and helping the brand register its highest ROI to date in the UK, not to mention the successes it brought in the US, with searches for the ASOS trademark soaring by over 50%.
Increased website traffic
Investing in a company's engagement in social media undoubtedly has its benefits. Activity on social networking platforms such as Facebook as an example can lead to increased traffic that the company's website receives via these referrals. A common way to measure website traffic can be done by comparing search engine rankings through SEO(Search Engine Optimization) – mentions, sharing and the traffic of websites are positive signals of popularity; stamping the authority of many brand's websites and allowing them to rank highly among their competitors. Activity on social media almost acts as a signal to search engines of a company's popularity and credibility, with all of this ultimately leads to more sales and increased brand awareness.
Controversies of Investing in Social Media
Facebook's Acquisition of WhatsApp
Facebook's $19 billion acquisition of WhatsApp, the popular mobile messaging app, has extreme significance in terms of social media investments. Although attracting much criticism for Facebook investing the highest sum of money for any IT company ever into an already five-year-old start-up; much profit is to be made with Facebook already raking-in 53% of their existing revenue from mobile-ad sales.
However, not only will the WhatsApp staff benefit from this deal, venture capital firm Sequoia Capital are entitled to what is estimated to be over $3 billion from their investments in WhatsApp, with their initial funding figure believed to be approximately $60 million; Sequoia Capital are believed to own approximately 20% of WhatsApp - their investments have clearly paid off.
Risks
Facebook are effectively paying $42 per user of WhatsApp, will this acquisition pay off?
Existing competition from other messaging apps can prove a threat to WhatsApp, for example WeChat which had a reported figure of 396 million monthly active users in June 2014; an increase of 40 million users since December 2013. The existing competition from these messaging services certainly has negative implications for WhatsApp's user base and revenue.
Rewards
Allows access to China – China boasts over 1.2 billion mobile users, but that is normally not of any use as Facebook is of course blocked in China. However, that is not the case with WhatsApp, thus Facebook can certainly benefit from the lowering of this barrier.
Increased users - Facebook enjoys 1.23 billion monthly active users, of which 945 million of them regularly access Facebook from mobile devices. This, coupled with the fact that WhatsApp has over 450 million monthly users, certainly allows Facebook to grow its user base and in turn increase revenue.
Other Recent Investments
Twitter's $10 Million 'Laboratory for Social Machines' Investment
Micro-blogging powerhouse Twitter has recently invested $ 10 million in the “Laboratory of Social Machines” initiative at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. This 5 year commitment from Twitter focuses on the creation and development of new technologies; using data from Twitter's archives, improving analysis and the understanding of social patterns among multiple social media platforms and other web content. Pattern discovery will be utilized to decipher interactions and shared interests among users of social media, while new applications and platforms will be developed for both individuals and institutions to discuss and act on paramount societal issues
According to CEO of Twitter, Dick Costolo: "With this investment, Twitter is seizing the opportunity to go deeper into research to understand the role Twitter and other platforms play in the way people communicate, the effect that rapid and fluid communication can have and apply those findings to complex societal issues".
Reddit's $50 Million Funding
The major open source, community based social network and news site Reddit, famously labelled as the “front page of the internet”, has secured $50 million of investments from multiple sources; from global venture capital firms such as Andreessen Horrowitz to an array of celebrities such as the renowned rapper Snoop Dogg.
CEO of Reddit Yishan Wong, has stated that the funding will go towards expanding Reddit's moderately low staff numbers of only 60, as well as developing new tools for community management and moderation; 10% of Reddit's 2014 ad revenue will also go towards charity.
References
Marketing by the Numbers: How to Measure and Improve the ROI of Any Campaign. New York: AMACOM Div. American Mgmt. Assn., 2011. Kelly, N. (2012).
How to Measure Social Media: A Step-By-Step Guide to Developing and Assessing Social Media ROI. London: Que Publishing, 2012.
Social media
"Alone" is a song by musical group the Bee Gees. The ballad, written by Barry, Robin, and Maurice Gibb, is the opening track on their 21st studio album, Still Waters (1997), and was the first single released from the album on 17 February 1997. In the United Kingdom, the song was backed with two B-sides: "Closer Than Close" and "Rings Around the Moon", while in the United States, a live version of "Stayin' Alive" was included on the single releases.
The track was a worldwide hit, peaking at number five in the United Kingdom and number two in New Zealand, where it was the 10th-highest-selling single of 1997. In Canada, it reached number 20 and was the most successful adult contemporary song of 1997 according to RPM magazine. On the US Billboard Hot 100, the single peaked at number 28, making it the Bee Gees' 30th and final top-40 hit in the US, after being a Billboard "Hot Shot" debut at number 34.
Song information
Maurice Gibb explained about the track:
Barry and Robin Gibb alternate on lead vocals on the track, with both mostly using the group's trademark falsetto.
Critical reception
British magazine Music Week rated the song four out of five, adding, "Brits lifetime award-winners should crashland in the top five with their instantly-familiar harmonies and Barry Gibb's sure pop production (cod bagpipes over an ELO-style arrangement this time)."
Music video
Two promotional videos directed by Nick Egan were made for the song. The first one, not shown in the United States, featured the brothers singing in a spinning room intercut with a female astronaut slowly removing their space suit in zero gravity, a homage to the opening of the 1968 sci-fi cult film Barbarella. The promo for the US featured the brothers recording the song in a studio, intercut with various clips of the brothers throughout the years, as well as segments of the original video.
Track listings
UK CD1 and Australian CD single
"Alone" – 4:49
"Closer Than Close" – 4:34
"Rings Around the Moon" – 4:29
UK CD2
"Alone" – 4:49
"How Deep Is Your Love" – 4:02
"Words" – 3:13
"I've Gotta Get a Message to You" – 3:06
UK cassette single and European CD single
"Alone" – 4:49
"Closer Than Close" – 4:34
US CD single
"Alone" (single mix) – 4:02
"Stayin' Alive" (live) – 4:06
"You Should Be Dancing" (Decadance) – 8:42
"Rings Around the Moon" – 4:29
US cassette single
A. "Alone" (single mix) – 4:20
B. "Stayin' Alive" (live) – 4:06
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
Cover versions
"Alone" was covered by American country music artist Monty Holmes on their 1998 debut album, All I Ever Wanted. It was released as the album's second single and peaked at number 53 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
References
1990s ballads
1996 songs
1997 singles
1998 singles
Bee Gees songs
Monty Holmes songs
Polydor Records singles
Song recordings produced by Russ Titelman
Songs written by Barry Gibb
Songs written by Maurice Gibb
Songs written by Robin Gibb
The finals and the qualifying heats of the women's 200 metre breaststroke event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Thursday 15 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
See also
1996 Women's Olympic Games 200m Breaststroke (Atlanta)
1997 Women's World SC Championships 200m Breaststroke (Gothenburg)
1997 Women's European LC Championships 200m Breaststroke (Seville)
2000 Women's Olympic Games 200m Breaststroke (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
1998 in women's swimming
Cyrus Porter Smith (1800–1877) was an American politician. They were the mayor of Brooklyn from 1839 to 1842.
Early life
They were born on a farm in Hanover, New Hampshire, and worked their way through Dartmouth College. After reading law in Connecticut, they moved to Brooklyn in 1827. Arriving in the city with few contacts and resources, they gained notice through active involvement in the 1828 presidential campaign and as choir-master of the First Presbyterian Church.
Brooklyn civics
Smith held positions as clerk of Brooklyn's Board of Trustees and then on the Corporation Counsel.
In 1839 they were chosen by the Board of Trustees to be Mayor. They became Brooklyn's first elected mayor in 1840. They were defeated by Democrat Henry C. Murphy in 1842.
Smith later served as a state senator. They were also involved in other civic duties, serving for thirty years as a member of the Board of Education, and as a founder of both Green-Wood Cemetery (his final resting place) and Brooklyn City Hospital.
Smith & Bulkley
After leaving public office, Smith teamed with business partner William F. Bulkley to form Smith & Bulkley. Smith served as president of the company, with numerous railroad and ferry concerns in Brooklyn, including the Catherine Ferry and the Gouverneur Street Ferry.
Family
One of their granddaughters was the illustrator Pamela Colman Smith.
References
1800 births
1877 deaths
Dartmouth College alumni
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
Mayors of Brooklyn
19th-century American politicians
People from Hanover, New Hampshire
New York (state) Whigs
Jacques Amalric (6 October 1938 – 4 June 2021) was a French journalist. They were the editor-in-chief of Le Monde. Their son is actor Mathieu Amalric.
Biography
After studying political economy and partially performing a military service in Algeria, Jacques entered journalism at La Dépêche du Midi. In 1963, recruited by Hubert Beuve-Méry, they entered the newspaper Le Monde as a journalist in the foreign service and was correspondent for the daily in Washington (1970-1973), where they covered in particular Watergate, then in Moscow (1973-1977), where, opposed to Brejnev's policy, they attract the wrath of the KGB.
In 1980, they were a candidate for the succession of Jacques Fauvet at the head of the daily in the first election of a director by journalists – a world first in the press of the press, – finally won by Claude Julien. In 1994, they joined the newspaper Liberation – of which they were the editorial director from 2000 to 2002 succeeding Frédéric Filloux – where they wrote until 2006. Finally, withdrawn in Corsica where they settled with their second wife, Isaline de Commarmond, they then supported the information site on rue89 by becoming a minority shareholder and holds a chronicle for economic alternatives.
Finally, having retired to Corsica where they settled with their second wife, Isaline de Comarmond, they then supported the news website Rue89 by becoming a minority shareholder and wrote a column for Alternatives économiques.
References
1938 births
2021 deaths
French journalists
People from Montauban
Jeffrey A. Kruse is a United States Air Force lieutenant general. They served as director of intelligence of the United States Indo-Pacific Command from July 2016 to July 2019, and was Director for Defense Intelligence (Warfighter Support) of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Intelligence) from July 2019 to August 2020.
In July 2020, Kruse was nominated for promotion to lieutenant general and assignment as the director's advisor for military affairs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, a new office in the agency. They assumed this position on August 16, 2020.
Effective dates of promotions
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Miami University alumni
National Intelligence University alumni
Naval War College alumni
National War College alumni
United States Air Force generals
Lieutenant generals
Kaled Gourmi, first name sometimes spelt as Khaled, (born April 16, 1986) is an Algerian football player who plays for Régional 2 club Conflans FC.
Career
Club career
In September 2009, Gourmi was loaned out by FC Baulmes to BSC Young Boys. However, injuries limited them to just two appearances for Young Boys before their loan deal was terminated in February.
On August 19, 2011, Gourmi signed a two-year contract with ES Sétif. They made their debut for the club on September 10, 2011, coming on as a second-half substitute in a league game against NA Hussein Dey. A few weeks later, on October 1, they scored their first goal for Sétif, converting from the penalty spot in a 3–2 loss to USM El Harrach.
After a short spell with FC Saint-Leu 95 in the Championnat National 3, 33-year old Gourmi returned to Régional 2 club Conflans FC in January 2020, the club they also played for in 2018.
Honours
Won the Algerian Cup once with ES Sétif in 2012
References
External links
1986 births
Algerian footballers
French footballers
French sportspeople of Algerian descent
Algerian expatriate footballers
Footballers from Paris
Living people
Algeria A' international footballers
BSC Young Boys players
ES Sétif players
Nuorese Calcio players
Yverdon-Sport FC players
MC Alger players
Al-Shahania SC players
FC Baulmes players
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
Qatar Stars League players
Swiss Promotion League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Swiss Super League players
Championnat National 3 players
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
The Association Trio (, asotsirebuli trio; ; ), also known as the Associated Trio, is a tripartite format for the enhanced cooperation, coordination, and dialogue between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine with the European Union on issues of common interest related to European integration, enhancing cooperation within the framework of the Eastern Partnership, and committing to the prospect of joining the European Union.
The participants of the format have expressed a clear position to obtain eventual membership in the European Union and reaffirm their commitment to further implement their respective Association Agreements with the EU. In this context, they recall that under Article 49 of the TEU, the countries of Georgia, Moldova, and Ukraine have a European perspective and can apply for membership in the European Union, provided that all the necessary criteria for EU membership are met.
Coordinating their actions, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine seek to expand the possibilities of their Association Agreements, promote sectoral convergence with the EU (integration into the Digital Single Market, energy and customs union, ENTSO-E, and with the Schengen Area; transport cooperation, green course, justice and home affairs, strategic communications, health, security and defense) and gradually integrate into the European Single Market.
All three members of the Association Trio currently maintain free trade agreements with the EU through the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area and are members of the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly.
In February–March 2022, in reaction to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, all three states submitted applications to join the EU within days of each other.
History
A joint memorandum between the Foreign Ministers of Georgia, Moldova, and Ukraine (David Zalkaliani, Aureliu Ciocoi, and Dmytro Kuleba), initiated the creation of the format. It was signed on 17 May 2021, in Kyiv.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, Dmytro Kuleba, stated that this initiative will help the three countries to move forward more effectively together through European integration:
According to him, the Associated Trio includes three main elements: structuring consultations on European integration between the three foreign ministries, engaging in dialogue with European institutions and EU members, and coordinating the positions of countries within the Eastern Partnership.
In turn, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani, said that Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova have a common goal of future EU membership and would like to restore unity with European countries:
While the Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of the Republic of Moldova, Aureliu Ciocoi, said that by signing the memorandum the three countries reaffirmed their European intentions, great interest in the ambitious goals of the Eastern Partnership and are ready to contribute.
On 18 May 2021, in Brussels, the representative of the EU diplomatic service, Peter Stano, stated that the European Union respects and shares the commitment to the European integration of Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova, which created the so-called "Associated Trio":
Members
Members of the Eastern Partnership belonging to the Association Trio:
Georgia
Moldova
Ukraine
Other members of the Eastern Partnership not belonging to the Association Trio:
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Belarus (Belarus announced a suspension of its participation in the Eastern Partnership on 28 June 2021)
Mechanisms of cooperation
In accordance with the common interests of their European integration, the participants will cooperate to enhance their political association and economic integration with the EU, as stipulated by the three respective Association Agreements, and promote new opportunities within the Eastern Partnership. The participants believe that the significant potential of further development of their states' integration with the EU requires that the tools and areas of cooperation correspond to the needs and capabilities of the "Association Trio", providing them with more opportunities of enhanced political dialogue, as well as, greater economic integration.
The participants are confident that the process of their European integration will further benefit from the incentive-based approach ("more for more") aimed to set progressive benchmarks of the integration process and provide for tangible achievements for their societies. The participants' contribution to the cooperation within the Eastern Partnership will be without prejudice to their bilateral cooperation with the EU, in line with their European aspirations. The participants underline the importance of EU support to the partners' sovereignty and territorial integrity within their internationally recognized borders, as well as, to strengthening their resilience and countering security challenges. The participants will continue working towards strengthening the EU's role in advancing peaceful resolution of conflicts within relevant formats and platforms.
Taking into account ambitious and complex European-oriented reform agenda of the "Association Trio", the participants recognize the crucial role of EU assistance, in particular through dedicated financial instruments, corresponding to the level of their commitments and goals and in line with the principle of conditionality in relation to the progress in reforms.
Initiatives
Guided by the goal of deepening their European integration process, as well as, willing to ensure further strategic development of the Eastern Partnership, the participants agreed to promote joint dialogues with EU institutions and EU members states, in the following areas:
Expanding the agenda of the dialogues between the European Commission and the "Association Trio", in addition to the DCFTA related issues, to new thematic areas for enhanced cooperation, such as transport, energy, digital transformation, green economy, justice and home affairs, strategic communications, healthcare;
Looking beyond the DCFTA framework and allocating additional tools to facilitate the integration of the "Association Trio" into the EU Internal Market;
Enhancing security and defense cooperation with the EU with special focus on countering hybrid threats, strengthening cyber resilience, developing cooperation platforms with the EU Hybrid Fusion Cell and EU Cybersecurity Agency, participation in CSDP missions and operations, as well as, participation in the EU Permanent Structured Cooperation (PESCO) projects;
Promoting further engagement of the "Association Trio" in the EU framework programs and agencies;
Supporting mobilization of the EU robust assistance to uphold complex reforms by the "Association Trio" and ensuring their access to alternative funds and resources at the EU's disposal, including for implementation of the projects of common interest;
Coordinating joint efforts within the Eastern Partnership, based on European aspirations and common needs of the Association Trio.
Methods of cooperation
As per the present memorandum, the participants agree to strengthen their cooperation by the following means:
Conducting regular and/or ad-hoc trilateral consultations to review ongoing developments or discuss specific issues in the framework of their integration with the EU;
Establishing "Association Trio" coordinators within the respective Ministries of Foreign Affairs;
Holding "Association Trio" coordination meetings on expert, senior official, and ministerial levels ahead of important events of the Eastern Partnership;
Undertaking joint diplomatic demarches to the EU institutions and the EU member states on jointly agreed issues related to their European aspirations, common initiatives of their European integration, as well as, cooperation within the Eastern Partnership;
Conducting coordinated public communication on the common approaches related to the European aspirations of the "Association Trio", including expert events and publications;
Developing new dialogue platforms with regional initiatives involving EU member states, aimed at mobilization of support to the Trio's European aspirations.
Memorandum
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of the Republic of Moldova and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine
On Establishing Enhanced Cooperation on European Integration – the “Association Trio”
The Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, the Republic of Moldova and Ukraine (hereinafter the «Participants»):
Taking into account the European choice, European aspirations and European identity of their nations,
Welcoming each other's intentions to achieve membership in the European Union,
Adhering fully to the values on which the European Union is founded,
Taking into account close historical relationship and progressively closer links between the European Union, its Member States and their countries, as well as their desire to strengthen and widen relations in an ambitious and innovative way,
Underlining the sovereign right of our nations to determine their own future,
Having established political association and economic integration with the EU through the Association Agreements,
Recognizing strategic importance of the Eastern Partnership and remaining committed to its further development,
Have come to the following understanding:
...
Trio + 1
In December 2019, following the eighth plenary meeting of the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly, a resolution was passed by all members outlining various EU integration goals to be achieved by 2030. The resolution highlights the importance of the Eastern Partnership program and how the initiative supports the six EU associated countries in letting them move more rapidly with reform implementation and deeper political and economic integration with the EU. The resolution coined the term "Trio + 1" which represents the three Association Agreements established with Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine, as well as, the CEPA established with Armenia. The resolution calls for promoting further integration efforts between the EU and the "Trio + 1" group over the next decade.
EU membership perspective
, Georgia and Ukraine were preparing to formally apply for EU membership in 2024 to join the European Union in the 2030s. However, the 2022 Russian Invasion of Ukraine sped up this timetable and led Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova to all apply for membership in February–March 2022.
The European Parliament noted that in accordance with Article 49 of the Treaty on European Union, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine, like any other European country, have a European perspective and can apply for EU membership in accordance with the principles of democracy.
See also
Community for Democracy and Rights of Nations
Community of Democratic Choice
Euronest Parliamentary Assembly
European Neighbourhood Policy
EU Strategy for the South Caucasus
Future enlargement of the European Union
GUAM Organization for Democracy and Economic Development
Lublin Triangle
Politics of Europe
Three Seas Initiative
References
External links
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of the Republic of Moldova and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine
21st-century treaties
Foreign relations of Georgia (country)
Foreign relations of Moldova
Foreign relations of Ukraine
European integration
2021 establishments in Europe
2021 treaties
Presidential elections were held in Guinea on 19 December 1993. They were the first since the country returned to multi-party politics in 1990, and the first to feature more than one candidate. The result was a victory for Lansana Conté of the Unity and Progress Party, who received 51.7% of the vote. Voter turnout was 78.5%.
Results
References
Presidential elections in Guinea
Guinea
1993 in Guinea
December 1993 events in Africa
Erica Sorgi (born July 2, 1982 in Lowell, Massachusetts) is considered one of the finest women's youth divers in United States history.
Sorgi was awarded their first two gold medals at the 1995 JO National Championship after finishing as a runner up the year prior in the 13 and underage group.
In 1996, they became the youngest diver to win the Austin up on the 3 m springboard event at the All-American Diving Invitational. In June at the Waldkraiburg Youth International Diving Competition in Germany, they won gold medals in the 1 m, 3 m, and platform events. Later that summer, they won three titles in the 14-15 age group category at the Junior National Championships. At the U.S. Senior National Championships, they became the youngest diver in United States history, at age 14, to win the 3 meter event.
In 1997, Sorgi represented the United States at the Junior World Championships in Malaysia where they won their first World Championship title on the platform event. They also earned a bronze in both the 1 m and 3 m springboard events. Along with their second Senior National title in the 1 m event that year, they qualified for the World Aquatics Championships and World Trials the following year.
In 1998, Sorgi competed in Perth, Australia at the World Aquatic Championships finishing 15th on 3 m and 10th on 1 m. That year, after winning two more Senior National championships (platform, 3 m synchro), Sorgi represented the United States at the Goodwill Games in New York.
After earning two more Junior National titles the year before, they continued with two additional titles in 1999 bringing their total to twelve Junior National Championships. On the senior level, they won three Senior National titles.
Sorgi was later inducted into the prestigious Mission Viejo Nadadores Diving Hall of Fame. Although Sorgi never competed in the Olympics, they hold several records in Nadadore history: the most Junior National Championships (12), the only High School All-American to win a High School National Championship, and be recognized by USA Diving as Sportswoman of the year twice (1997 & 1999).
References
Living people
1982 births
Sportspeople from Lowell, Massachusetts
American female divers
Competitors at the 1998 Goodwill Games
21st-century American women
is a Japanese animated television series produced by Ashi Productions. It ran on TV Tokyo from June 3, 1987 through December 30, 1987.
Connection to Revenge of Cronos
In the finale of Machine Robo: Revenge of Cronos, the Machine Robo decide to leave planet Cronos after defeating Gandler so that they can fight against evil in a new dimension. When they cross the dimensional barrier, the Machine Robo appear on Electronic Planet B1 with no memory of events from the previous series.
Story
In the year 406AE, the Electronic Planet B-1 falls prey to the Mechanoid space gang Gurendos. To fight back against them, the Machine Robo join forces to form the Algo Republic. Meanwhile, a large starship with five humans in suspended animation malfunctions and crash lands on B-1. Emerging from their ship, they find themselves caught up in the struggle between the Gurendos forces and the Algo Republic, eventually joining forces with the rough-and-tumble bunch of Machine Robo known as the Battle Hackers team to help save B-1 and eventually find a way back to Earth. In the final episode it is discovered that the robotic wars of Electronic Planet B1 were created by humans as a testing ground for arms traders.
Characters
Algo Army
RIM (voice: Masako Katsuki)
The Mother Computer that commands the Algo Army.
Battle Hackers
The most dangerous unit in the Algo Army, it is composed of the misfits, hotheads, and dropouts of the Machine Robo.
R. JeTan (voice: Shin'ya Ōtaki)
The leader of the Battle Hackers. Like their name suggests, they transform from robot to jet to tank. Carries the "R. Bazooka" and sub-rifle.
Garzack (voice: Nobuyuki Furuta)
Non-transforming sub-commander, their weapon is the "Garfire Special". Although no toy of Garzack was ever released, an electronic prototype was designed that would have interacted with the anime.
Mach Blaster (voice: Issei Futamata)
A triple changer that can go from robot to jet to gun. Former White Thunder member.
Drill Crusher (voice: Kōichi Yamadera)
"Muscle"-type character. Can transform from robot to drill-tank to rhinoceros. Former Silver Wolves member.
Fossil People
Header, Abarar, Leggar and Taildar combine into Gattai Saurer. Get around on hoverboards.
Pro Truck Racer (voice: Nobuaki Fukuda)
Former Silver Wolves member. Carries the Big Blazer Cannon.
Wheelmen
Hot Rod Joe
F-1 Jack
Buggy Wolf
Drag Sam
Rotary Kid
Twincam Jimmy
Humans
Akira Amachi (voice: Masaaki Ōkura)
Pilots the Jet Riser
Luke Stewart (voice: Ken'yū Horiuchi)
Pilots the Battle Riser
Mia White (voice: Naoko Matsui)
Pilots the Power Riser
Zen Ogawa (voice: Nozomu Sasaki)
Patricia Longfellow (voice: Yuri Amano)
Winner Robo
Roboshooter Gaiden
Testarossa Winner
Ferrari Testarossa.
Truck Winner
Race truck
Police Winner
Toyota Soarer Patrol Car
Buggy Winner
Hornet Buggy. Called Dirt Robo in the anime.
F-1 Winner
Lotus F1. Called Racer Robo in the anime.
Eagle Winner
F-15 Eagle.
Fire Winner
Chemical Fire Engine
Porsche Winner
Porsche 935.
Silver Wolves
The new team name of the Battle Clan from Revenge of Cronos. Composed of the land and sea robots.
Rod Drill (played by Ken'yū Horiuchi)
Leader of the Silver Wolves. Transforms into a drill-tank. One of their toy molds was used as the Renegade Screw Head in the GoBots series.
White Thunder
Team name of the Jet Clan from Revenge of Cronos. Composed of the aerial robots.
Blue Jet (played by Shinya Ōtaki)
Leader of the White Thunder. They can turn into a jet. Fights with "Tenkū Shin Ken (天空真剣, Sky True Sword)" style sword. One of their toy molds was used as the Renegade Fitor in the GoBots series.
Blue Dragons
Team name of the Jewel Lords and Rock Lords from Revenge of Cronos.
Dia Man (Solitare) (played by Shō Hayami)
Leader of the Blue Dragons. Transforms into a diamond.
Red Knights
Team name of the Martial Arts Robo/Cronos Clan from Revenge of Cronos.
Kendo Robo
Leader of the Red Knights.
Gurendos
The villains of the series. The group's name derives from the term guren-tai (愚連隊 hoodlums)
Dylan (ディラン総統) (voice: Ryūzaburō Ōtomo, Junichi Kagaya)
An evil computer that controls the Gurendos.
Gakurandar (ガクランダー) (voice: Ken Yamaguchi)
Second-in-command of the Gurendos. Their name is based on gakuran.
Kariagen (カリアゲン) (voice: Satoru Inagaki)
Kariage (刈り上げ) loosely translates to "hair cropped close in the back".
Sorikondar (ソリコンダー) (voice: Minoru Inaba)
Name derived from sorikomi (剃り込み), again referring to their hairstyle.
Yasand (ヤーサンド) (voice: Yūji Mikimoto)
A yakuza swordsman. Rides a Mercedes-Benz. Name derived from Yassan (ヤッサン).
Shibumidas (シブミダス) (voice: Ken'ichi Ono)
Named derived from shibumi.
Rikimines (リキミネス) (voice: Minoru Inaba)
Suji (スジ) (voice: Issei Futamata)
Sorikondar's aide. Speaks in a Kansai dialect. Named after the phrase Suji no toranai (筋の通らない illogical)
Iron Eagle (アイアンイーグル) (voice: Katsumi Suzuki)
Pattsuri (パッツリ)
Zentry (ゼントリー)
Kizūn (キズーン)
Named derived from kizu (scar).
Gantsuke (ガンツケ)
Shinobis (シノビス)
Named derived from shinobi (ninja).
Igarn (イガーン)
Named derived from Iga, an ancient ninja province.
Geruka (ゲルカ)
Teppodaman (テッポダマン)
Uwappā (ウワッパー)
Sitappā (シタッパー)
Shitappa means "underling".
Bi-Bi-Bi Black (ビビビブラック)
Devil Satan 6 (played by Kenichi Ono)
Six monstrous robots that can combine into the giant Devil Satan 6 robot. In the anime they are referred to by number instead of name.
Gillhead (played by Kenichi Ono): The head. Speaks in a Kansai dialect.
Barabat: Left arm.
Deathclaw: Right arm.
Gurogiron: Torso.
Eyegos: Right Leg.
Blugoda: Left Leg.
See also
Machine Robo
Machine Robo: Revenge of Cronos
References
External links
1987 anime television series debuts
1987 Japanese television series endings
Japanese children's animated action television series
Japanese children's animated adventure television series
Japanese children's animated science fiction television series
Adventure anime and manga
Ashi Productions
Fictional robots
Super robot anime and manga
Television shows based on toys
Vacansoleil–DCM Pro Cycling Team was a Dutch professional road race cycling team. They were a UCI ProTeam and competed in the UCI World Tour. The team was established in 2005, as the successor of P3 Transfer-Batavus, while also taking over many of the riders and staff of Cycle Collstrop, the former team of manager Van der Schueren. Neither Vacansoleil nor DCM renewed their sponsorship of the program after the 2013 season.
History
The team made their debut on the road in 2009. The team's title sponsor Vacansoleil is a European company which organizes luxury camping holidays. DCM is a manufacturer of premium quality soil fertility products. Following the loss of Vacansoleil as a sponsor, it was decided to close down the team. However Hilaire van der Schueren announced the creation of a new team at the UCI Professional Continental level with sponsorship from Wanty for the 2014 season.
Final team roster (2013)
Major wins
2009
Stage 4 Étoile de Bessèges, Bjorn Leukemans
Overall Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen, Johnny Hoogerland
Stage 1, Johnny Hoogerland
Arno Wallaard Memorial, Lieuwe Westra
Overall Tour de Picardie, Lieuwe Westra
Stage 1, Lieuwe Westra
Overall Circuit de Lorraine, Matteo Carrara
Stages 2 & 3 Tour of Belgium, Borut Božič
Road Race Championships, Sergey Lagutin
Stage 1 Tour de Pologne, Borut Božič
Stage 1 Tour du Limousin, Borut Božič
Stage 6 Vuelta a España, Borut Božič
3rd Paris–Tours, Borut Božič
2010
Stages 1 & 2 Étoiles de Bessèges, Borut Božič
Overall Tour of Qatar, Wouter Mol
Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne, Bobbie Traksel
Ronde van het Groene Hart, Jens Mouris
Ronde van Drenthe, Alberto Ongarato
Overall Tour de Luxembourg, Matteo Carrara
Road Race Championships, Sergey Lagutin
Stage 4 Vuelta a Burgos, Romain Feillu
Stage 2 Tour de l'Ain, Romain Feillu
Stage 4 Tour de l'Ain, Wout Poels
Druivenkoers Overijse, Björn Leukemans
Grand Prix de Fourmies, Romain Feillu
Stage 4 Tour of Britain, Wout Poels
Stage 7 Tour of Britain, Borut Božič
Münsterland Giro, Joost van Leijen
Coppa Sabatini, Riccardo Riccò
2011
Stage 2, 3 & 4 Tour Méditerranéen, Romain Feillu
Stage 1 Paris–Nice, Thomas De Gendt
Classic Loire Atlantique, Lieuwe Westra
Hel van het Mergelland, Pim Ligthart
Tour du Finistère, Romain Feillu
Overall Tour de Picardie, Romain Feillu
Stage 2, Romain Feillu
Stage 3 Circuit de Lorraine, Thomas De Gendt
Stage 5 Circuit de Lorraine, Romain Feillu
Prologue Tour of Belgium, Lieuwe Westra
Boucles de l'Aulne, Martijn Keizer
Stage 4 Tour de Luxembourg, Romain Feillu
Stage 5 Tour de Suisse, Romain Feillu
Stage 7 Tour de Suisse, Thomas De Gendt
Road Race Championships, Sergey Lagutin
Road Race Championships, Pim Ligthart
Stage 2 Tour de Wallonie, Joost van Leijen
Stage 3 Tour de l'Ain, Wouter Poels
Overall Tour du Limousin, Björn Leukemans
Stage 1, Björn Leukemans
Druivenkoers Overijse, Björn Leukemans
Tour de Vendée, Marco Marcato
2012
Road Race Championships, Sergey Lagutin
Time Trial Championships, Lieuwe Westra
Time Trial Championships, Gustav Larsson
Stage 4 Étoile de Bessèges, Marco Marcato
Stage 1 Paris–Nice, Gustav Larsson
Stage 5 Paris–Nice, Lieuwe Westra
Stage 7 Paris–Nice, Thomas De Gendt
Ronde van Drenthe, Bert-Jan Lindeman
Stage 2 Tour de Picardie, Kenny van Hummel
Stage 20 Giro d'Italia, Thomas De Gendt
Stage 3 Tour de Luxembourg, Wout Poels
Grand Prix of Aargau Canton, Sergey Lagutin
Druivenkoers Overijse, Björn Leukemans
Overall Danmark Rundt, Lieuwe Westra
Stage 5 (ITT), Lieuwe Westra
Paris–Tours, Marco Marcato
Tour de Vendée, Wesley Kreder
2013
Stage 7 Volta a Catalunya, Thomas De Gendt
Stage 1 Tour of California, Lieuwe Westra
Stage 5 Ster ZLM Toer, Pim Ligthart
National Time Trial Championships, Lieuwe Westra
National Time Trial Championships, José Rujano
National Road Race Championships, Johnny Hoogerland
Stage 1 Arctic Race of Norway, Kenny van Hummel
Stage 2 Tour de l'Ain, Grega Bole
Stage 4 Tour de l'Ain, Wout Poels
Druivenkoers Overijse, Björn Leukemans
Amstel Curaçao Race, Johnny Hoogerland
National champions
2009
Uzbekistan Road Race Sergey Lagutin
2010
Uzbekistan Road Race Sergey Lagutin
2011
Dutch Road Race Pim Ligthart
Uzbekistan Road Race Sergey Lagutin
2012
Uzbekistan Road Race Sergey Lagutin
Dutch Time Trial Lieuwe Westra
Swedish Time Trial Gustav Larsson
2013
Dutch Time Trial Lieuwe Westra
Venezuelan Time Trial José Rujano
Dutch Road Race Johnny Hoogerland
References
External links
UCI Team Profile
Cycling teams based in the Netherlands
Defunct cycling teams based in the Netherlands
Cycling teams established in 2005
Cycling teams disestablished in 2013
Former UCI WorldTeams
Merten de Keyser (born Martin Lempereur; died 1536) was a 16th-century French printer and publisher working mainly in Antwerp, who printed the first complete French and the first complete English Bible translations as well as a number of works by English Protestant authors.
Life
Not much is known about their life. They married Françoise La Rouge, the daughter of the Paris printer Guillaume Le Rouge, whose workshop they took over on Le Rouge's death in 1517. When a series of condemnations of evangelical works and a ban on Bible translations were issued in Paris in 1525, they moved to Antwerp. In their Antwerp publications they adapted their name to the language of the publication (using Martinus Caesar in the Latin volumes, Merten de Keyser in the Dutch books, and Martyne Emperowr in the English works). They died in Antwerp in 1536. After their death, their widow continued to run the workshop.
Publications
De Keyser issued many works by the French humanist Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples: their French Psalter (1525), their French Old Testament (1528), their French New Testament (1529, 1531, 1532, 1535) and their complete French Bible (1530 and 1534), the first French Bible ever in print. De Keyser published the second edition of Lefèvre's fivefold Psalter, the Quincuplex Psalterium, which contained the Psalms in five different Latin versions.
Their Dutch publications included New Testaments (e.g. Dat nieuwe testament ons heeren Jesu Christi met alder neersticheyt oversien, ende verduytst in 1525), Psalters, partial biblical translations and other religious works. Their printer's device is included in the second complete Dutch Bible, published by their colleague Willem Vorsterman in 1528 in Antwerp, hinting at some kind of co-operation between the two printers working in the same street.
Merten de Keyser was active in the English market, too. In 1528 they published William Tyndale's The obedience of a Christen man, and in 1530 Tyndales The practyse of Prelates as well as Tyndale's translation of the Pentateuch. A year later (1531) they issued Tyndale's Exposition of the fyrste Epistle of seynt Ihon, George Joye's translation of Isaiah, and Tyndale's translation of Jonah, the latter two apparently intended as a twin-publication. Thomas Abell's Invicta Veritas, criticizing Henry VIII's divorce, saw the light of day also in the workshop of Merten de Keyser in 1532. In 1533, they posthumously printed John Frith's answer to Thomas More, which Frith composed while imprisoned in the Tower of London. In 1534 De Keyser printed the second, revised edition of Tyndale's New Testament as well as Joye's fresh edition of the Davids Psalter based on Zwingli's Latin Psalter, and Joye's translation of the book of Jeremiah. These Old Testament translations were the first English translations of these biblical books ever in print. Furthermore, according to the discovery of Guido Latré in 1997, it was also Merten de Keyser who printed the first complete English Bible, the Coverdale Bible.
Among de Keyser's Latin publications, we find Robert Estienne's Latin Bible (e.g. in 1534), a scholarly revision of the Vulgate based on various ancient manuscripts. Reprints of Erasmus's Latin translation of the New Testament were also issued by de Keyser.
De Keyser seems to have published at least one book also in Leuven in 1532.
References
16th-century Dutch businesspeople
16th-century French businesspeople
16th-century printers
1536 deaths
Belgian printers
French book publishers (people)
French booksellers
French printers
Year of birth unknown
Matty (; ) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary. As of 2004, the population was 369.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Raul S. Gonzalez (c. 1935 – May 15, 2013) was a Filipino journalist and columnist. Gonzalez served as the press secretary for President Diosdado Macapagal from 1961 to 1965.
Academia
Gonzalez graduated from San Beda College. They began their career as a reporter for the now-defunct Manila Chronicle, becoming the recipient of a Fulbright Grant. They later served as the vice president of university relations for the University of the East.
Career
They became vice president of public affairs for the Government Service Insurance System in 1986 in the wake of the People Power Revolution. They were appointed to the board of directors of the Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corp by both former President Corazon Aquino and current President Benigno Aquino III.
They worked as a columnist and op-ed writer for The Philippine Star, Evening Star, The Evening Paper and The Daily Tribune during their later career.
Death
Gonzalez died from cancer on May 15, 2013, at the age of 78. They were survived by their wife, Jean, and four children - Richie, Giselle, Noel and Pierre.
References
2013 deaths
Presidential spokespersons (Philippines)
Filipino journalists
Filipino columnists
San Beda University alumni
1930s births
Macapagal administration personnel
The Philippine Star people
Katabasia or Katavasia (Greek καταβασία, from καταβαίον, "descend") is a type of hymn, and the last troparion of an ode of a canon, chanted in the Eastern Orthodox Church and those Eastern Catholic Churches which follow the Byzantine Rite. Its name is derived from the Greek word katabasia for descent, so called because the cantors used to descend from their stalls and unite in the middle of the church to sing them.
The katabasia is an irmos that is sung at the end of an ode of the canon. The katabasia is chanted by the choir, who descend from their seats (kathismata) and stand on the floor of the church to sing it, whence its name. Katabasia are chanted at Matins and sometimes during other Divine Services such as Compline. They are also found at other occasional services such as the Mystery of Unction or funerals.
At Matins, on ordinary weekdays, only Odes 3, 6, 8 and 9 have katabasia. On Sundays and higher-ranking feast days, there will be a katabasia at the end of each ode (these are called Festal Katabasia). Most of the other services which use katabasia will have them only after the 3rd, 6th, 8th and 9th odes.
Ordinary katabasia
On ordinary weekdays (that is, days which do not fall on a Sunday or higher-ranking feast day), the irmos from the canon being chanted is repeated at the end as katabasia. When several canons are tied together, as is normally the case at Matins, only the irmos of the first canon is chanted, subsequent irmoi being omitted. The irmos of the final canon in the string will be chanted at the very end of Odes 3, 6, 8 and 9 as katabasia.
Festal katabasia
On Sundays and feast days, Festal Katabasia are used at the end of each ode. These are not necessarily the same as the irmoi of the canon. Which particular Festal Katabasia are used will depend upon the liturgical season. The festal Katabasia are used in anticipation of a Great Feast, and throughout its Afterfeast. During the rest of the year, the Festal Katabasia to the Theotokos (Mother of God) are used.
The following table concerns the chanting of Katabasia on Sundays and Feast Days throughout the year (ordinary weekdays use the Irmos from the last canon chanted on that day) in the Russian Orthodox Church.
§ Usually February 9, but if Great Lent begins early, the apodosis may be earlier.
§§ Usually February 10, but if Great Lent begins early, the apodosis may be earlier.
* Moveable cycle; the exact dates will differ from year to year, depending upon the date of Easter. During Great Lent the proper Katabasia are found in the Triodion, during the Paschal season they are found in the Pentecostarion.
° Mid-Pentecost falls on the 4th Wednesday of Pascha and lasts for one week, being a "feast within a feast". The Katabasia of Mid-Pentecost are chanted only on the day of the feast and on its Apodosis (the following Wednesday); on the other days of Mid-Pentecost, the Katabasia used are those of Pascha.
See also
Acolouthia
References
Eastern Orthodox liturgical music
Eastern Christian liturgy
Byzantine Rite
Eastern Christian hymns
Liturgy of the Hours
In the U.S. state of Connecticut, state highways are grouped into signed routes, unsigned special service roads (SSR), and unsigned state roads (SR). State roads are feeder roads that provide additional interconnections between signed routes, or long entrance/exit ramps to expressways. Roads classified by the Connecticut Department of Transportation as state roads are given an unsigned number designation between 500 and 999, with the first digit depending on which Maintenance District the road is primarily located in. Below is a list of the state roads that are classified as arterial roads.
See also
List of State Routes in Connecticut
References
State Roads
Silk Spectre is the name of two fictional superheros in the graphic novel limited series Watchmen, published by DC Comics. Created by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons, the original Silk Spectre, Sally "Jupiter" Juspeczyk, was a member of the crimefighting team the Minutemen, while the second, Sally's daughter Laurel "Laurie" Jane Juspeczyk, became a member of the vigilante team Crimebusters, also known as the titular Watchmen.
In the early stages of the series' development, the characters were Charlton Comics superheroes and the female superhero was supposed to be Nightshade. However, Moore did not find Nightshade particularly interesting and was not even very familiar with the character. After the idea of using Charlton characters was abandoned, they decided to model Silk Spectre on superheros like Phantom Lady and Black Canary (also an alias shared by mother and daughter).
The Sally and Laurie Juspeczyk versions of Silk Spectre made their live-action debuts in the 2009 film Watchmen, in which they were played by Carla Gugino and Malin Åkerman, respectively. An older version of Laurie Juspeczyk, now known as Laurie Blake, appeared in the 2019 limited television Watchmen, played by Jean Smart.
Fictional character history
Sally Jupiter
The first Silk Spectre was a frizzy-haired, redheaded former waiter and burlesque dancer Sally Jupiter (her real last name was Juspeczyk, which they changed to hide their Polish ancestry). They assumed the identity of Silk Spectre sometime around 1938 at age 18, in order to advance their modeling career. They became a sex symbol by whom criminals didn't mind being caught (or so went their press). They were an action hero version of a pin-up girl and, even in their old age, they were proud of their sex symbol status, apparently enjoying male attention, as indicated by their reaction to lurid fan letters and their enjoyment of a Tijuana bible based on their (much to their daughter's disapproval).
They were soon invited by Captain Metropolis to join The Minutemen, a group of costumed heroes. On October 2, 1940, after a meeting of the Minutemen, Edward Blake, alias The Comedian tried to rape them They were thwarted in their attempt by fellow Minuteman Hooded Justice, who gave them a vicious beating. The event would have a profound impact on Sally's life. Them agent, Laurence Schexnayder, persuaded them not to press charges against the Comedian for fear of damaging the group's image. More celebrity than vigilante, Silk Spectre provided a cover for Hooded Justice's homosexuality by being their glamorous girlfriend. In an interview, they admitted that they didn't really like The Silhouette, a.k.a. Ursula Zandt, who had often pestered them about their Polish heritage, but later expressed regret that they were expelled from the group simply because they were a lesbian, especially since there were men on the team who were gay (though they did not identify them). In 1947, Sally retired from crime-fighting and married their agent, Laurence Schexnayder, while keeping in touch with Hollis Mason (The Nite Owl) and Nelson Gardner (Captain Metropolis). In 1949, they gave birth to daughter Lauriel Jane Juspeczyk, commonly known as Laurie. It was known to both parents that Laurie was not Laurence's child, but The Comedian's, from a sexual encounter years after the assault, and this caused conflict in the family, leading the couple to divorce in 1956. While not explicitly stated, it is implied that Sally's second sexual encounter with The Comedian was consensual, and that, despite their earlier attack on her, they did have feelings for him.
In the pages of Doomsday Clock, it was revealed that Ozymandias spoke at their funeral. While in an asylum, Reggie Long was taught some of Sally's moves by fellow inmate Mothman where they both heard of their death.
Laurie Juspeczyk
Sally pushed their daughter into the "family business of crimefighting." Laurel Jane "Laurie" Juspeczyk never held much interest in becoming their mother's successor, but went along with Sally's wishes anyway. Growing up, the brunette Laurie knew Laurence Schexnayder was not their real father, and they always believed, incorrectly, that their real father was Hooded Justice. Laurie Juspeczyk is a liberal-thinking, modern woman.  They are vocal in their feminist and humanitarian concerns, and is quite a conditioned fighter. At the start of the story they are shown to have a strained relationship with their mother. Driven by the memories of their own experience, Sally tries to keep Laurie from knowing some of the harsher realities of the crime fighting life. For example, they did not allow them to read the Hollis Mason (Nite-Owl I) autobiography Under the Hood (which included mention of The Comedian's sexual assault on Sally, something Laurie knew nothing of). Sally acted like an agent for their daughter, picking out their costume, and chauffeuring them to "Crimebusters" meetings. After the first of these meetings, Laurie met The Comedian outside, who complimented them for being the spitting image of their mother, but their conversation was broken off quickly by an angry Sally Jupiter. Laurie noted that the Comedian looked sad as they watched them drive away, and felt sorry for him. When Laurie later learned of the sexual assault, they hated The Comedian, though it seems that as time passed, and in a complicated way, Sally was able to come to terms with it, even to the point that they were willing to defend The Comedian from Laurie's derogatory remarks after they were murdered. At the same Crimebuster's meeting, Laurie met Doctor Manhattan, and the two quickly became attracted to one another, to their long-time girlfriend Janey Slater's anger. Shortly afterwards, 16-year-old Laurie became involved with thirty-something Doctor Manhattan, something their mother did not approve of, likening Laurie's relationship with Manhattan to being the equivalent of sleeping with an H-bomb. Drawn to them from the moment they first saw him, Laurie worked with Doctor Manhattan in some of their various domestic assignments, including the suppression of riots during the police strike of 1977. Never exactly happy being a vigilante and not happy with the government taking advantage with their relationship with the superhuman Manhattan, Laurie was more than pleased to quit being a superhero when the Keene Act of 1977 forced all but government-sponsored superheroes to retire.<ref>Watchmen #4. DC Comics.</ref>
Events of Watchmen
After retiring, Laurie lived with Manhattan for almost 20 years. However, their relationship became strained, owing to Manhattan's growing disconnection with humanity. Laurie eventually left them and moved in with Dan Dreiberg, a.k.a. the second Nite Owl, and the two soon became romantically involved. Dreiberg and Laurie decided to don their old costumes and take Dreiberg's airship Archie out. During their flight, they found a building on fire and rescued the inhabitants. Soon after, Laurie was brought to Mars by Dr. Manhattan, where they attempted to convince them to save humanity from impending nuclear war. During their conversation, Laurie finally came to the realization that their real father was The Comedian. Moved by the sheer unlikelihood of two people as different as Sally Jupiter and the Comedian producing a child, and the child being Laurie, Dr. Manhattan realized the miracle and value of human life and agreed to save the planet. The pair returned to earth, only to find half of New York City destroyed by Ozymandias' creature. They then teleport to Ozymandias' lair in Antarctica, where Laurie attempts to shoot Ozymandias, only to be thwarted by Ozymandias' untried ability to catch bullets. After realizing that Ozymandias' plan had worked, and that, despite the loss of several million lives, nuclear war had been averted while also uniting the nations of the world, the heroes (with the exception of Rorschach) decide that Ozymandias' plan should be kept secret to serve the greater good.
Shortly after these events, Laurie and Dan Drieberg adopt new appearances and identities, now calling themselves Sam and Sandra Hollis, and sporting blond hair. They visit Sally Jupiter—now living in a retirement home—and Laurie tells their mother that they have realized the truth about their father. The issue is put to rest for Laurie, who accepts that the situation between their mother and the Comedian is too complicated, and they forgive them "Sam and Sandra" leave soon afterward, indicating that they will continue to adventure, although Laurie expresses the wish for a better superhero identity: leather for better protection, a mask to hide their identity, and a firearm to better fight. This parallels their father's, the Comedian, change from a gaudy yellow clown suit to light leather armor with a mask to cover their scar and a variety of guns. After watching them leave, Sally picks up an old photograph of the Minutemen, which includes the Comedian, and kisses their half of the picture as tears roll down them face.
2010s
The 2012 miniseries Before Watchmen: Silk Spectre revealed that Laurie got their start as a super-hero being trained by their mother to continue the family legacy, before running away from home at the age of 16 and relocating to San Francisco with their boyfriend.
In the 2018 miniseries Doomsday Clock, it is revealed that seven years after the events of Watchmen, "Sam and Sandra Hollis" have a daughter together. They also adopt Clark, the son of two costumed villains, Mime and Marionette. After jailing the pair following an aborted bank robbery, Dr. Manhattan noted that Marionette was pregnant. They sensed that the child had a bright future ahead of him. In order to preserve that future, they took the boy as an infant following their birth in a prison hospital. Dr. Manhattan named them Clark (after Superman), raised them nearly to their teen years, and after bequeathing Clark their powers and infusing their life force into the planet, brought Clark to the Hollises to raise.
Powers and abilities
Both Silk Spectres are expert gymnasts and are experts at hand-to-hand combat.
In other media
Television
Both Silk Spectre incarnations appear in Watchmen: Motion Comic, where both of them, along with every other character in the series, are voiced by Tom Stechschulte.
Both Silk Spectre incarnations appear in Watchmen. Jean Smart portrays the second Silk Spectre, Laurie Juspeczyk, and an uncredited actor portrays the original, Sally Jupiter. In supplementary materials, it is revealed that Laurie and Night Owl II ended their relationship in the 1990s, as they desired children while they wished to keep fighting crime, with Laurie assuming the identity of The Comedienne and their father's surname Blake. After foiling the Oklahoma City bombing, they were arrested by the FBI for violating the Keene Act, and through a plea bargain, Laurie retired from vigilante life. They later works as a member of the FBI anti-vigilante task force who confronts a plot to steal Dr. Manhattan's powers.
Film
Both Silk Spectre incarnations appear in Watchmen. Malin Åkerman portrays the second Silk Spectre, Laurie Juspeczyk, and Carla Gugino portrays the original Silk Spectre, Sally Jupiter. Haley Guiel portrays a young Laurie Jupiter in flashbacks.
Video games
Silk Spectre II appears in a cutscene in Watchmen: The End Is Nigh'', voiced by Andrea Baker.
References
Articles about multiple fictional characters
Watchmen characters
DC Comics female superheroes
Comics characters introduced in 1986
Fictional characters from New York City
Fictional Polish-American people
Black Canary
Fictional Polish people
EuroMillions is a transnational lottery that requires seven correct numbers to win the jackpot. It was launched on 7 February 2004 by France's Française des Jeux, Spain's Loterías y Apuestas del Estado and the United Kingdom's Camelot. The first draw was held on 13 February 2004 in Paris. Initially, only the UK, France and Spain participated, with the Austrian, Belgian, Irish, Luxembourgish, Portuguese and Swiss lotteries joining for the 8 October 2004 draw.
Draws are held every Tuesday and Friday night at 20:45 CET in Paris. A standard EuroMillions ticket costs €2.50, £2.50 or CHF3.50 per line played, but this depends on the local currency.
Ireland has an exclusive option called Plus, which adds €1.00 per line. As of February 2014, a non-optional addition called "My Million" in France adds €0.50 per line, while in Portugal it is called "M1lhão" and represents €0.30 of the whole €2.50 bet.
The cost of playing in the UK increased from £1.50 to £2.00 per line on 7 November 2009, due to the EUR/GBP exchange rate and automatic entry into its Millionaire Raffle. On 24 September 2016, the cost per line increased from £2.00 to £2.50 in the UK. On the same day, in Ireland and Spain it rose to €2.50 per line.
From 24 September 2016, the number of lucky stars changed from a pool of 11 to a pool of 12 numbers, decreasing the jackpot-winning odds from 1:117million to 1:140million.
All prizes, including the jackpot, are tax-free (except in Switzerland, Spain and Portugal, since 2013) and are paid as a lump sum.
Play
The player selects five main numbers which can be any number from 1 to 50.
The player selects two different lucky star numbers from a pool of 12 numbers.
Draws take place at 20:45 every Tuesday and Friday in Paris. The results are published shortly after the draw on associated and independent websites around 20:45 UTC.
To participate in the EuroMillions Lotto, tickets can be purchased from many outlets, namely at licensed stores and online websites.
The gameplay changed on Tuesday, 10 May 2011 with a second weekly draw and the number of "lucky stars" in the Paquerette machine increasing from 9 to 11. A prize for matching two main numbers and no lucky stars was also introduced on the same date.
On Saturday, 24 September 2016, the number of "lucky stars" increased again, from 11 to 12.
Eligibility
The game is currently available to players in Andorra, Austria, Belgium, France (including overseas regions and collectives), Ireland, the Isle of Man, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Monaco, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
Entrants must be at least 18 years old. There is no restriction on the nationality of buyers; non-residents are eligible to participate as long as they meet the age requirement.
Prize structure
The prize structure as of Tuesday, 4 February 2020 is as follows:
The Prize Guarantee Fund is available to contribute to the jackpot, for example, to boost the initial jackpot in a sequence of growing jackpots. The amount utilized each week is determined in advance by the participating lotteries.
(a) per entry
(b) prize fund = 50% of sales main draw
(b) sales main draw = €2.20 in pounds sterling per entry (exchange rate!) times number of entries
(X) draw 1 to 5: 50% + 10% & draw 6 (or higher): 42% + 18%
(c) expected winnings are based on the currency exchange rate as at 7 December 2019, 1 euro = 0.8419 pound, rounded to 1 pound
The odds of winning any prize at all are 1 in 13
The odds of getting none of the 50 main balls but getting both lucky stars is approximately 1 in 115. This means that it is less likely than getting 2 main balls and one lucky star (1 in 49). However, there is no prize for only getting 2 lucky stars.
The figures for the estimated prize are just a guide, and the actual amount varies according to the total in the prize fund and the number of winners for each prize. (Estimated prizes as per reverse of UK payslip)
If the Jackpot is not won, it rolls over to the next draw.
Effective 7 November 2009 new rules were put in place regarding rollovers:
The new rules introduced a Jackpot Pool Cap. Once the jackpot reached €185,000,000, the Jackpot will remain at €185,000,000 and any additional prize money rolled over would be added to the jackpot pool for the next lower prize level containing at least one winner (5 main numbers + 1 Lucky Star or possibly even just five main numbers).
After the capped jackpot is reached, either won or rolled down, the next capped jackpot cap would increase by £5million.
A new rule change of 12 January 2012 locked the Jackpot cap at €190,000,000 permanently and if the jackpot was not won after two draws, the prize money would be distributed among the winners at the next level. A new rule change of 24 September 2016 stated that if the jackpot is not won five draws after it reaches €190,000,000, the prize money will be distributed among the winners at the next level. The minimum jackpot prize increased from 15m euros to 17m euros.
In February 2020, the rules regarding the EuroMillions jackpot changed again. The new cap was set at €200,000,000, but that would no longer be fixed. If the jackpot gets to this amount, the cycle can last for five draws. If there are no winners in the fifth draw, the jackpot is paid out to the lower tier. For the next cycle, the maximum jackpot is set to €210,000,000, and is again paid out to the lower tier if there is no winner. In subsequent cycles, the maximum jackpot is raised to 220, 230, 240 and finally 250 million euros. The latest maximum jackpot, €230m, was reached on 8 July 2022.
EuroMillions Trust
The participating national lotteries in the EuroMillions game have each established a EuroMillions Trust account. This is used for the settlement of all amounts due, and for holding amounts in respect of future prizes. This trust arrangement protects the participating lotteries between them from a default from one of the national companies, and ultimately the players' interests.
Super Draws and Event Draws
Super Draws and Event Draws are special drawings when the Jackpot is set to a guaranteed amount – often €100,000,000. The difference is that a Super Draw jackpot will roll over to the next drawing if not won, but an Event Draw jackpot will be distributed among the winners in the next lower tier (i.e. match 5 + 1). Until now, jackpots in a Super Draw have rolled over to the next drawing if not won.
The first Super Draw of 2011 took place on Tuesday 10 May to mark the introduction of the second weekly Euromillions draw and changes to the game format (11 lucky stars instead of 9 and a new "match 2 main numbers and no lucky stars" prize tier).
The first Super Draw of 2016 took place on Friday 30 September to introduce the change to the game format (12 lucky stars instead of 11 and increased price).
Event Draws have been held to date on
9 February 2007 (€100 million);
28 September 2007 (€130 million);
8 February 2008 (€130 million);
26 September 2008 (€130 million).
Super Draws have been held to date on
6 March 2009 (€100 million);
18 September 2009 (€100 million);
5 February 2010 (€100 million);
1 October 2010 (€100 million);
10 May 2011 (€100 million);
4 October 2011 (€100 million);
28 September 2012 (€100 million);
22 March 2013 (€100 million);
7 June 2013 (€100 million);
15 November 2013 (€100 million);
7 March 2014 (€100 million);
3 October 2014 (€100 million);
6 March 2015 (€100 million);
5 June 2015 (€100 million);
6 November 2015 (€100 million);
30 September 2016 (€130 million);
30 June 2017 (€100 million);
15 September 2017 (€130 million);
20 April 2018 (€130 million);
21 September 2018 (€130 million);
1 February 2019 (€120 million);
7 June 2019 (€130 million);
7 February 2020 (€130 million);
3 July 2020 (€130 million);
25 September 2020 (€130 million);
20 November 2020 (€130 million);
5 February 2021 (€130 million);
4 June 2021 (€130 million);
24 September 2021 (€130 million).
4 February 2022 (€130 million).
17 June 2022 (€130 million).
9 September 2022 (€130 million).
A €100,000,000 Super draw was planned for 6 June 2014 but was cancelled when the jackpot rolled over to €105,000,000. This also happened for the superdraw that was planned for Friday, 29th April 2022.
This is a change to the game rules as of 4 April 2011 when the Event Draw was added.
Largest Jackpots
AJ: Announced Jackpot (Super Draw)
RO2: Roll over in the 2nd Prize Category
Dy: y is the number of Draws from starting the minimum Jackpot (roll-ups)
Notable wins
The first huge jackpot of over €115.4 million was won by Irish lady Dolores McNamara on 29 July 2005. On 3 February 2006, three winners shared the record jackpot of €183 million after the first rank was eleven draws vacant. Two French people and one Portuguese received €61,191,026 each. In order to limit the jackpot from growing higher, the rules of the game in the period from 2006 to 2009 stipulated that after the twelfth draw without a winner before the jackpot amount would be rolled down and shared between the winners in the next prize tier. This happened for the first time on 17 November 2006, after over €183 million had accumulated in the jackpot. The sum was shared between the winners of the second rank (there were 20 winners of €9.6 million each). The first highest jackpot with €190 million was won by the Bayford couple from England on 10 August 2012, and they received "only" £148.6 million because of the strength of the pound. The €185 million (£161.6 million) jackpot that was won by the Weir couple from Scotland on 12 July 2011 was considered to be the highest jackpot in the UK until Peter Wilson's win on the 8 October 2019.
A jackpot of nearly €175.5 million was won by a family syndicate of 8 siblings (7 alive and one who had passed away but whose family were still included in the winnings) who were from Naul in North County Dublin on 19 February 2019.
A jackpot of €190 million (£170.2 million) was won by a single ticket holder in the UK bearing the winning numbers - 7,10,15,44,49 and the lucky numbers 3,12.
The highest jackpot ever won in the UK, and second highest jackpot to date, was £184,262,899 (€215,840,341), on 10 May 2022, with numbers 3,25,27,28,29, lucky numbers 4 and 9.
Distribution of revenue
In the UK, the total EuroMillions revenue is broken down as follows:
Email scams making use of EuroMillions brand name
Chris and Colin Weir won the EuroMillions and pledged to donate their prize money to good causes. However, cybercriminals started using their names in their email scams to fool the general public and ultimately cheat them of money.
EuroMillions Plus (Ireland only)
In June 2007, with the success of the main EuroMillions game, the Irish National Lottery launched EuroMillions Plus. For an extra €1 per line, players could enter the additional draw with the top prize each week of €500,000. Sales of the main EuroMillions in Ireland for 2006 were over €145 million; this success led to the introduction of 'Plus'.
UK Millionaire Maker
Since November 2009 at least one UK player every week has won a guaranteed £1,000,000. With the introduction of the Tuesday EuroMillions Draw on Tuesday 10 May 2011 there were 2 Millionaire Raffle winners each week. Changes to Euromillions in September 2016 meant that two guaranteed Millionaire Raffle winners were made per draw, or 4 per week across the two draws.
According to the Euromillions website, the chances of winning the UK Millionaire Maker game on a Tuesday can be estimated as 1 in 3,570,000 with a standard £14m jackpot. On a Friday, it can be calculated as approximately 1 in 5,080,000 - again with a baseline £14m jackpot. Winning in this game depends entirely on the number of the payslips sold so the odds fluctuate. The odds may also fluctuate during a super draw or a special event in the UK Millionaire Raffle.
Prices per line in the UK increased by 50p to £2.00. The 50p was added due to weak exchange rates between the pound and the euro and to cover the expense of the new Millionaire Maker.
On 24 September 2016 the price per line in the UK was increased by an additional 50p to £2.50.
In January 2019, the number of guaranteed winners in the UK Millionaire Maker game reverted to one.
Notes
See also
Eurojackpot - a similar transnational lottery in Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden.
Vikinglotto - a similar transnational lottery in Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Finland, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Slovenia and Belgium.
References
External links
Lottery games
Mega Ball lottery games
2004 establishments in Europe
is located in the Hidaka Mountains, Hokkaidō, Japan.
References
Geographical Survey Institute
Okishimappu
The SS Pomona Victory was a Victory ship built during World War II under the Emergency Shipbuilding program. They were launched by the California Shipbuilding Company on April 29, 1944, and completed on July 31, 1944. The ship's United States Maritime Commission designation was 'VC2- S- AP3, hull number 31'. The 10,500-ton Victory ships were designed to replace the earlier Liberty Ships. Liberty ships were designed to be used just for World War II compared to Victory ships, which were designed to last longer and serve the US Navy after the war. Victory ships differed from Liberty ships in that they were faster, longer and wider, taller, had a thinner stack set farther toward the superstructure, and had a long raised forecastle.
Following World War II service, Pomona Victory was sold to Belgium where they served as the SS Tervaete from 1947 to 1965. They were eventually resold to Liberia in 1965 where they served as the SS Hongkong Delegate until they were sunk in a collision with the SS Columbus Canada on October 4, 1975. Deemed beyond repair, was eventually raised and scrapped on December 15, 1975.
References
Victory ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
United States Merchant Marine
1944 ships
World War II merchant ships of the United States
Cargo liners
The rufous-sided broadbill (Smithornis rufolateralis) is a species of bird in the family Calyptomenidae.
It is sparsely distributed throughout the intra-tropical rainforest of Sub-Saharan Africa.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
rufous-sided broadbill
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
rufous-sided broadbill
rufous-sided broadbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Simon Gibbons (June 21, 1851 - December 14, 1896) was Canada's first Inuit priest. The Anglican missionary constructed a number of churches in Nova Scotia.
Early life
Simon Gibbons is believed to have been born at Forteau, Newfoundland and Labrador, on June 21, 1851, to Thomas Gibbons, a fisherman, and an Inuit woman who died giving birth. Some stories, possibly legends later circulated by Gibbons, have them found as a child on an ice-floe off the coast of Labrador. The first document about Gibbons shows them as a six-year-old child admitted to the Church of England Widows and Orphans Asylum in St John's in 1857 upon the death of their father, along with three brothers and a sister in law. Three years later, Gibbons entered a school run by the Reverend George Poulett Harris, and the promising student was also taught by a Reverend Mr Hutchinson at Tilt Cove. In 1862, Gibbons was taken off the orphanage rolls, because they were taken by a clergy widow, Sophia Mountain, lady superintendent of the asylum. In 1867 they married Edward Feild, Bishop of Newfoundland. In 1875, Gibbons moved to Quebec to work as a lay reader, teacher and catechist, as well as to tutor the son of the Clarenceville rector for admission to the university. There they met Frances Eliza DuVernet, the rector's daughter, whom they would later marry.
Priesthood
Gibbons attended King's College at Windsor, Nova Scotia from 1876 to 1877, studying for the priesthood. Bishop Hibbert Binney ordained Gibbons a deacon on February 25, 1877, and a priest on March 25 the following year. They became a travelling missionary in Victoria County on Cape Breton Island. They're serving the many fishermen there and their families, often travelling using snowshoes in conditions too severe for horse and wagon or sleigh. Gibbons became known for their education, intellect and sense of humour, as well as their physical stamina and endurance.
In 1881 and 1882, Gibbons travelled to England to solicit funds to build churches in their district, preaching in Westminster Abbey and being introduced to Queen Victoria. They laconically stated "my face was my fortune", alluding to what Canon Morris referred to as their "Eskimo physique".
Upon returning in 1883, Gibbons built two churches and a mission house, as well as gave their bishop $4500 to endow the mission. One of the churches was Saint Peter's and Saint John's Anglican Church in Baddeck, Nova Scotia. In 1885, Gibbons traveled to the West Indies to regain their health, then was relocated to the parish of Lockeport, Nova Scotia where they served three congregations in a circuit along 35 miles of coastline. In 1888, after another trip to Britain to secure funding, Gibbons again relocated, this time to Parrsboro, where they oversaw the construction of three churches.
Architecture
Gibbons may have visited Cambridge during their visits to England. The churches that they subsequently built in Canada reflect the style of the Cambridge Camden Society. Their churches were designed in a simple style, reminiscent of medieval European churches but using wood rather than stone. A distinctive feature of their churches, is the use of Rhenish helm, or Rhineland helmet, bell towers.
Death and legacy
Gibbons died on December 14, 1896, in Parrsboro, where they were buried. The Canadian Calendar of Holy Persons of the Anglican Church of Canada remembers Gibbons on the anniversary of their death, December 14. An inukshuk was recently raised to honour the missionary on the Diligent River where they worked in their final years.
References
1851 births
1896 deaths
Canadian Anglican priests
Inuit missionaries
Inuit from Newfoundland and Labrador
People from Baddeck, Nova Scotia
Canadian Anglican missionaries
Anglican missionaries in Canada
Anglican lay readers
Stadium Area is a neighborhood in south Baltimore, Maryland. The area is largely consistent of adjacent sports stadiums, M&T Bank Stadium and Oriole Park at Camden Yards, and the surrounding infrastructure supporting them.
Geography
The Stadium area is bounded by Russell Street to the west, Washington Boulevard and West Camden Street to the north, South Howard Street and Cal Ripken Way to the east, and West Ostend Street and Stockholm Street to the south. Adjacent neighborhoods include Washington Village/Pigtown (west), Ridgely's Delight (northwest), Downtown West (north), Otterbein (northeast), Sharp-Leadenhall (east), Spring Garden Industrial Area (southeast), and Carroll-Camden Industrial Area (south/southwest).
History
The Maryland General Assembly established the Maryland Stadium Authority on July 1, 1986, to select and develop stadium sites in the Baltimore metropolitan area. On July 1, 1987, the law which established the Stadium Authority was amended to enable the construction of new facilities in the Camden Yards area of Baltimore City, and to designate the Authority as an independent unit in the executive branch of the state government. Oriole Park at Camden Yards opened on April 6, 1992, and NFL Stadium at Camden Yards (now M&T Bank Stadium) opened on August 6, 1998.
The Stadium Authority negotiates leasing agreements with the Baltimore Orioles and the Baltimore Ravens sports teams for their continued use of the area as their home playing fields. The Authority has also been tasked with facilitating the use of the city's stadiums outside of sporting events; for example, they helped coordinate a blood drive and a mass vaccination center at M&T Bank Stadium in 2021 as part of the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Maryland Stadium Authority is also responsible for the Pimlico Race Course in northwest Baltimore, and as of 2021 is currently coordinating its planned redevelopment.
Transportation
The Stadium Area is served by two stations on the Baltimore Light Rail, Camden station and Stadium / Federal Hill station (formerly known as Hamburg Street station).
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
South Baltimore
Carl Glover (born 11 October 1952) is a retired British motorcycle speedway rider.
Biography
Born in Sheffield, Glover worked as a baker before taking up speedway in 1969 on Mablethorpe sands. After riding in second half races at Sheffield in 1970, they made their league debut the following year with Boston Barracudas in the British League Division Two, averaging over seven points from 36 matches. Three further seasons with Boston followed, and in the 1973 season they averaged 9.62, scoring six full maximum and seven paid maximum scores on their way to winning the league and cup double. They improved further in 1974, averaging 10.29, with eleven full maximum scores. They also won the Second Division Riders Final at Wimbledon in 1974. Glover was a regular member of the Division Two representative 'Young England' team between 1971 and 1974.
Glover had made their Division One debut in 1971 for West Ham Hammers, and one-off matches followed in 1973 for Halifax Dukes, Reading Racers, Swindon Robins, and Wolverhampton Wolves. In 1974 they doubled up on a more regular basis with Sheffield Tigers, averaging 6.4 from eleven matches. In 1975 they made the move to the top division full-time with Sheffield, and also made their debut in the full England team. A drop in form in 1977 saw them transferred to King's Lynn Stars, and they also rode again in Division Two for Boston, but they never regained their earlier form and announced their retirement in July 1978, intending to ride in the German league. They came out of retirement for a single match for Sheffield in 1980.
After retiring from racing Glover became manager of the Sheffield Tigers team, and later managed the England team.
Carl's brother Les was also a professional speedway rider.
References
1952 births
Living people
British speedway riders
English motorcycle racers
Sportspeople from Sheffield
West Ham Hammers riders
Boston Barracudas riders
Wolverhampton Wolves riders
Swindon Robins riders
Halifax Dukes riders
Reading Racers riders
Sheffield Tigers riders
King's Lynn Stars riders
Dennis P. Lettenmaier is an American hydrologist.
Lettenmaier earned a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Washington in 1970, then attended George Washington University, where they pursued a master's degree in civil, mechanical and environmental engineering. They returned to UW to complete a doctorate in civil engineering in 1975, and accepted a faculty position at their alma mater in 1976. Lettenmaier joined the University of California, Los Angeles faculty in 2014, and was appointed to a distinguished professorship.
In 1990, Lettenmaier was a joint awardee of the Walter L. Huber Civil Engineering Research Prize. The American Geophysical Union granted Lettenmaier fellowship in 1995, its Hydrology Section Award in 2000, and its 2018 Robert E. Horton Medal. The American Meteorological Society elected Lettenmaier to fellow status in 1998. They were the founding chief editor of the AMS-published Journal of Hydrometeorology from 2000 through 2003. Lettenmaier was the 2018 recipient of the Jule G. Charney Award bestowed by the AMS. They were elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2007, followed by membership of the National Academy of Engineering in 2010, "[f]or contributions to hydrologic modeling for stream water quality and hydro-climate trends and models for improved water management."
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American hydrologists
University of Washington alumni
George Washington University alumni
University of Washington faculty
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
Fellows of the American Geophysical Union
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Fellows of the American Meteorological Society
Academic journal editors
Diphlebia euphoeoides, sometimes spelled Diphlebia euphaeoides, known as the tropical rockmaster, is an Australian species of broad winged damselfly.
It is one of a group known as the azure damselflies. It is found in Queensland (Australia) and Papua New Guinea. It typically occurs near lakes, waterfalls or streams at relatively low altitudes, and is occasionally seen near dry pools.
Unusually for damselflies, it is a relatively large insect with its wings outspread at rest. It is often confused with dragonflies, although like most damselflies, the form is not as robust as dragonflies, and the eyes do not meet as with most dragonflies. Larvae are wide and flat, with long saccoid gills to breathe underwater. The inner tooth of labial palps is elongated. The specific characters of the larva are mid-ventral, distal width, basal width, and length of median lobe. Larval motor patterns were similar to larvae in the Coenagrionidae.
The male tropical rockmaster has a bright blue and black body with dark wings. It can be distinguished from the sapphire rockmaster (Diphlebia coerulescens) by the smaller size of blue markings at the base (front end) and underside of terga 4 to 6. Its abdomen is otherwise black. Its wings are the widest in the genus, and the hindwings are wider than the forewings. The legs are brownish black. The female tropical rockmaster is predominantly brown and yellow-green, and also has smoky-coloured wings.
The transformation from egg to adult is through an incomplete metamorphosis. Like the adult form, the nymph is also a predator. Eggs are laid underwater on moss and reeds around November. The nymphal phase lasts for approximately one year. Adults usually emerge in September and October. It is an uncommon species, though not considered under threat. It was described in 1907 by a young English-born entomologist, Robin Tillyard. They had collected the lectotype at Mervyn Creek in Queensland in January 1905. Forster collected what is now classified as the same species from around Port Moresby in New Guinea in 1910 and named it Diphlebia reinholdi.
Gallery
References
Lestoideidae
Odonata of Australia
Insects of Australia
Insects of New Guinea
Taxa named by Robert John Tillyard
Insects described in 1907
Damselflies
Miracle Hot Springs (formerly, Hobo Hot Springs; also known as Compressor Hot Springs and Clear Creek Hot Springs) is an unincorporated community in the Kern River Valley, in Kern County, California. It is located along the Kern River in the Sequoia National Forest West of Lake Isabella, California, at an elevation of .
The earliest known name for this hot spring was Compressor, named after a turbine built by an indigenous miner. The turbine was supplied with water from Clear Creek that drove a compressor that provided air to miners working underground.
The name Hobo was based on the rancher's name for the workmen who lived there, who were accused of stealing sheep and cattle. Another account of the name Hobo Hot Springs claims that a hobo camp that included several bathhouses was built in 1901 when the Borel power plant was under construction.
History
In 1927, a hotel was constructed on land leased from the U.S. Forest Service.
The Hobo Hot Springs post office opened in 1932, and changed its name to Miracle Hot Springs in 1947. The post office operated for 50 years.
In 1933 a two-lane highway was built, the nearby Delongha Hot Springs resort went defunct, whereas Miracle Hot Springs flourished.
The hotel burned down in 1975, leaving only the rock soaking pools. In 1976, a 4-lane highway was built, cutting off access to the springs. What was left of the hot springs resort fell into disrepair, and was closed.
The hot springs were closed by the Kern County Health Department because the water is high in uranium and radon.
Uranium mine
The Miracle Hot Springs uranium mine, also known as the Miracle Mine, is located one mile west of Miracle Hot Springs. In 1954 uranium deposits were found by the prospector Henry Brooks Mann and their associates. The highest radiation counts detected were 6,000 counts per second (background rate: 160 counts per second.) Robert Martin of Miracle Hot Springs owned the Last Chance prospect, one mile east of Miracle Hot Springs. It primarily contained tungsten, and also held low-grade radioactive minerals ten times above background counts. Geologists believe the uranium in the area to be "related to the thermal springs of the area", however D.E. White in 1956 stated that "hot-spring water generally contains less uranium than many other types of water." A 1960 publication of the Atomic Energy Commission states that most of the springs in the area are not radioactive.
Water profile
The hot springs water emerges from the ground at 119 °F / 48 °C at a rate of 150 gallons per minute.
See also
List of hot springs in the United States
References
Springs of California
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Kern River Valley
Populated places in the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Unincorporated communities in California
Hermann Wandinger (24 July 1897 – 26 May 1976) was a German sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1897 births
1976 deaths
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Erding (district)
Villa de Etla is a town and municipality located in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. It is located in the far northwestern part of the Central Valley of Oaxaca, about seventeen km from the capital. The town is centered on the church and former monastery of San Pedro y San Pablo, and as municipal seat functions as the local government for six other communities. Most of the town's history has been lost due to the lack of records, but oral tradition states that it was founded sometime in the 15th century. Today, the town is noted for its weekly Wednesday market, where one can find traditional merchandise such a local variety of white cheese, tamales, frames for donkeys and goat barbacoa prepared in an earthen oven.
The town
The town of Villa de Etla is centered on the church and former monastery of San Pedro y San Pablo, with the layout of the original streets of the town marked off from it. The complex was completed in 1636 and consists of three parts, the church, the former monastery and the cloister, all constructed from green sandstone. The main portal of the church has a simple arch over which is the choir window. Over this is a pediment which contains a clock. Behind the monastery area, there are the remains of an aqueduct. This arched construction was one of the first built in the area and was used during the colonial period to provide water to the town from the surrounding mountains. It is not known when the aqueduct was built but it was probably completed by the end of the 16th century. The church is one of a series of churches and monasteries which were established by the Dominicans between the city of Oaxaca and the Puebla border in the 16th century. Today this path is the main highway to the city of Puebla and the church is grouped with those from Yanhuitlán, Teposcolula and Coixtlahuaca . There is one other significant church in the town but it is unknown when it was constructed.
The other two important constructions are next to this complex, the municipal market, behind which is the municipal palace, or government office. The municipal market is the center of most of the municipality's commerce, with efforts to build larger commercial stores opposed by many residents. The market is the center for the weekly tianguis or open-air market held on Wednesdays. The Wednesday market is part of an informal system of weekly markets that occur in most of the larger communities of the Central Valleys region. This market is best known for its locally produced variety of white cheese, but it also offers a number of kinds of traditional merchandise such as sheepskins, frames for packing donkeys, the green glazed pottery of Atzompa and tamales. Another specialty is goat barbacoa cooked in earthen ovens.
The main festival for the municipality is in the seat in honor of Saints Peter and Paul. This event begins with processions along the main streets to announce the start, just before the actual feast day. Then on the day before, a very large frame loaded with fireworks, called a castillo (castle) along with smaller bull figures called toritos are set alight. On the main day, there are masses and other religious observances ending with a large public dance.
Lent is an important time in the state of Oaxaca, with many communities developing various types of celebration over these forty days. As Villa de Etla already experiences warm weather by this time, flavored drinks sold by street vendors are popular during the processions, masses and other events held during this time. Some typical flavors served include horchata, hibiscus tea, drinks made from coconuts, a fermented corn drink called tejate and one made from a sweet squash from the area called chilacayota. These are often offered to participants in the various events.
The Viernes de Cuaresma attracts a large number of visitors from around the area. It is marked by a large fair, with about forty amusement rides for children, and musical events. There are over 100 stands selling food and other commodities. The event begins with a music band wandering the streets of the town at 9 pm followed by the setting off of fireworks fastened to a large wooden frame called a castillo (castle). The following day is dedicated to the Christ image called the Señor de las Peñas with more music and fireworks. It ends on Sunday with dancing to popular music. Hundreds from Oaxaca and as far as Puebla, Chiapas and Mexico City come to honor the Señor de las Peñas to keep promises and to ask for favors. The fifth Friday of Lent is dedicated to this image. The festivities are arranged by a committee which is selected each year under Usos y Costumbres.
The fourth Friday of Lent, three weeks before Good Friday, is the La Samaritana celebration. Large ceramic pots are placed and decorated. Some are decorated with bricks but most have imitations, and then arches of palm fronds with bougainvillea flowers are then placed. The tradition is derived from a passage in the Bible in which a Samaritan offers water from a well to Jesus.
Palm Sunday celebrations begin a day before when elaborate figures made of palm fronds are made to be blessed at mass the following day. The figures vary in size and complexity and are often decorated with crosses, pins and flowers. Those who do not make their own palm arrangements buy them from stands located in and around the main church. These are then kept for the remainder of the year to protect the home. During mass, eight young men are chosen to read different Biblical passages related to the Passion of Christ. They are dressed in white tunics, with wreaths on their head to represent Christ. Afterwards, it is traditional to go to the municipal market next door to buy provisions for that day's supper. This includes bread called “pan Amarillo" cheese, honey, ice cream, tamales, tasajo, tlayudas, tortillas, fruits and flowers.
At these and other events, the most common music is produced by wind instruments and the most common dance is the jarabe, especially at weddings. The most commons foods include mole (especially amarillo, verde, and coloradito), regional sweets, tlayudas, barbacoa and fava beans, accompanying by tepache, mezcal and beer.
The municipality
As municipal seat, the town of Villa de Etla is the local government for six other communities, but most people live in the town proper. These communities together occupy a territory of 17.85km2 and are bordered by the municipalities of Asunción Etla, Santo Domingo Etla, San Miguel Etla and Reyes Etla. The municipality is located in the Central Valleys region of the state about seventeen km from the capital of Oaxaca. The municipal government consists of a municipal president, an officer called a “síndico” and four secretaries called “regidors” (for taxes, education, public works and agencies/neighborhoods). These and other officials are elected under Mexico's usos y costumbres system.
As of 2005, only 621 people out of a population of 7,637 spoke an indigenous language. Most are Catholic but about a sixth belong to another or no faith.
As of 2005, there were a total of 1691 homes almost all of which were owned by their occupants. Of these homes, 61% have running water, 95% are in areas with public lighting and 49% have public drainage. Federal Highway 190 passes through the municipality connecting it to the city of Oaxaca and Mexico City.
About seventy percent of the municipality's population is dedicated wholly or in part to agriculture, with the primary livestock being cattle. However, only eight percent are dedicated to it full-time. About thirty six percent work in industry, mining and construction. The main handcraft is basketry. About fifteen percent are dedicated to commerce, most of which is related to the sale of dairy products such as milk and cheese. Other commerce focuses on local needs, with the municipal market and the weekly market having a primary role. The total percentage dedicated to commerce, tourism and services is 53%.
The municipality has several preschools, primary schools along with center for study at the high school level. Villa de Etla is the head of the twenty eight schools of Scholastic Zone Number 5. Preschools include Ignacio José Allende, Jaime Torres Bodet, Leona Vicario, Niños Heroes de Chapultepec, Ovidio Decroly, Porfirio Díaz and Prodei Modulo 2. Primary schools include Basilio e Zarate, Cuauhtémoc, Iep 13 General de Division Ignacio Mejia, José María Morelos, Juan de la Barrera, Margarita Maza de Juarez, Ricardo Flores Magon and Valentin Gomez Farias. Secondary education is provided at Escuela Secundaria Technica 84. Special education schools include Centro de Atencion Multiple 26 and Unidad de Servicios de Apoyo a la Educación Regular No. 19. High school level instruction is found at the Centro de Estudios de Bachillerato 6/12. All schools and other centers of instruction are public.
The Basilio E. Zárate School celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 2007. It is the largest and oldest primary school in the area, with a number of students receiving awards in the arts and academics. The school began with classes held at private homes and in makeshift constructions. The current building was eventually financed with support from local, state and federal governments. Maintenance is paid for by students' parents. There are currently about 500 students from the first to sixth grades with a number receiving special educations services from the Unidad de Servicios Educativos Especiales del Instituto Estatal de Educación Pública de Oaxaca. It also has a social worker, a psychologist and a speech therapist. It recently installed a multimedia room.
In addition to the monastery complex in the main town, an excavated archeological site is another of the municipality's monuments. The archeological zone was first occupied during the Monte Albán IIIA phase and grew during IIIB to about 2,500 people. From 700 to 450 BCE, it dominated the local area, becoming the most important site of the Valley of Etla. It was abandoned between 650–800 CE, or Monte Albán IV.
Environment
The municipality is located in the Valley of Etla, which is a sub-valley located in the far northwest of the Valley of Oaxaca. The municipality lies on a valley floor so its terrain is relatively flat with no significant elevations other than small hills. Almost all of the land in the area is used for agriculture or human habitation. The major rivers are the Asunción which flows through the community of Nativitas Etla and the Salinas River when crosses through Santo Domingo Barrio Alto and Santo Domingo Bajo Etla. It has a temperate climate.
Almost all of the vegetation in the municipality is secondary with decorative species such as geraniums, bougainvillea; trees such as laurel and eucalyptus, and various edible and medicinal herbs. Wildlife mostly consists of bird species such as doves and hummingbirds, various insects, along with some aquatic species such as frogs, fish and crab and reptiles such as lizards, small turtles and snakes. Mammals are all domesticated species.
History
The name means “town of the land of beans” mixing Spanish and Nahuatl. “Villa” is from Spanish and means “town” and “Etla” comes from Nahuatl meaning in “land of beans.” The Zapotec name for the area is Loohvana, which refers to the land's fertility.
Most of the history of this town has been lost due to the lack of records. Oral tradition states that the settlement was founded sometime in the 15th century.
The decisive Battle of La Carbonera was fought on October 18, 1866 near to Etla during the war caused by the French intervention in Mexico.
The last few years of the municipality has been marked by political instability. This has negatively impacted public works such as the repaving of roads, electrification and a non functioning water treatment plant, with delays as long as 15 years. In 2008, Federal Highway 190 and the main entrance to town were blocked by those protesting the lack of potable water for three months in 2008. The protesters claimed they had running water irregularly only about once a week and sometimes not even that. In 2010, a group of over a hundred residents took over the municipal palace to force the state government to reinstitute Alma Delia Ramos as municipal president. A previous first takeover ended peacefully but without the desired results of the protestors. The latest protests and blockades have centered on the government of Danial Ramírez Ramírez from April to May 2011. This municipal president has been accused of nepotism, putting family and friends on municipal payrolls for no work. They have also been accused of threatening the homes and lives of those who oppose him. Protestors have principally called for and received state-led investigations into the matter, in order to avoid escalation. There have been various incidents over these two months from the blocking of Federal Highway 190, to the blocking of all six main entrances to the town to the takeover of the municipal palace. However, there have been other demands by protestors such as the stop to the construction of a “Súper Precio” commercial center which they say would negatively affect about 300 local merchants.
References
External links
Entry for Villa de Etla in the Enciclopedia de los Municipios de México: Estado de Oaxaca (in Spanish)
Santos in Oaxaca's Ancient Churches: San Pedro y San Pablo Etla - Art-historical study of the statues in the church.
Municipalities of Oaxaca
Populated places established in 1636
1636 establishments in New Spain
"Celebrate" is a song by British singer and songwriter Mika featuring American singer Pharrell Williams. It was released as the lead single of the former's third studio album, The Origin of Love (2012), in the United Kingdom, Europe and America, and the second single in France. It was written by the artists alongside Ben Garrett and produced by Peter Hayes and Nick Littlemore.
The song received generally favorable reviews from music critics. Some called it a "great summer song" and praised Pharrell for giving another dimension to Mika's vocals. However, some critics dismissed Mika's processed vocals and the song's rhythm. The song has charted on the French Singles Chart and on the Belgium Charts, but failed to chart on the UK Singles Chart.
Background and release
After the release of "Elle me dit" in 2011, only in French-speaking countries, Mika unveiled a music video for the song "Make You Happy", which is not a single, but is included on The Origin of Love. Later, on 14 July 2012, Mika previewed a 30-second clip of the song. It was uploaded to Amazon ahead of its official unveiling and was later removed from the online store. The song was released on 15 June 2012.
Composition
"Celebrate" was written by Mika, Pharrell Williams and Ben Garrett and produced by Peter Hayes and Nick Littlemore. Nick Littlemore of the Australian electorock outfit, Empire of the Sun, lends a hand on the production, which gives the song a retro synth-pop clubby feel. The song's message is clear—he simply wants the whole world to celebrate life.
Critical reception
Emily Tam of Idolator wrote that "it shows that the Neptunes mastermind brings their smooth vocals, giving it another dimension." Ivan Ibarra of DJ Booth called it "a synth-heavy pop, yet head-nodding, sound that allows MIKA to blossom." Lanne Billings from "Paste Magazine" named it "an Elton John-ish spin on the eternal 'let's party' single."
However, a negative review came from "Pop Dust"'s Katherine St Asaph, who gave the song 1 out of 5 stars, writing: "Pharrell doesn't sound like Pharrell, Mika, meanwhile, swaddles their voice in so much processing they end up sounding like Adam Levine if they were whispering. The whole thing ends up sounding like a subpar take of one of Adam Lambert's weaker Trespassing singles. It might be best for Mika and Pharrell to quietly bury 'Celebrate' in favor of a real comeback single. They both deserve better."
Vegetable Orchestra version
Mika collaborated with the London Vegetable Orchestra and the Junk Orchestra and recorded a different version of the song at Sarm Studios in July 2012. This version features Mika's vocals accompanied only by instruments crafted from fresh vegetables (played by the London Vegetable Orchestra) and junk (played by the Junk Orchestra). The musical director was Oli Jackson. As of August 2012 this version has only been released online.
Celebrate with Vegetable Orchestra
Charts and certifications
Peak positions
Certifications
References
2012 singles
Mika (singer) songs
Songs written by Mika (singer)
Songs written by Pharrell Williams
2011 songs
Barclay (record label) singles
Casablanca Records singles
Pharrell Williams songs
The following is a list of films produced in the Kannada film industry in India in 1982, presented in alphabetical order.
See also
Kannada films of 1981
Kannada films of 1983
References
1982
Kannada
Films, Kannada
Simon Jeppsson (born 15 July 1995) is a Swedish handball player for HC Erlangen and the Swedish national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lund
Swedish male handball players
Expatriate handball players
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Lugi HF players
SG Flensburg-Handewitt players
Handball-Bundesliga players
Callendar is a title of Scottish nobility and a surname. It may refer to:
Earl of Callendar
Callendar House, Falkirk
Guy Stewart Callendar (1898 – 1964), English steam engineer and inventor and son of Hugh Longbourne Callendar
Callendar effect
Hugh Longbourne Callendar (1863 – 1930), British physicist and father of Guy Stewart Callendar
See also
Calendar - (chronological system or book)
Calender - (roller system)
Callandar - (Callandar House, Bristol)
Callander - (Town in Scotland)
Callender (disambiguation)
Colander (kitchen utensil)
Qalandar (disambiguation)
In inoculation theory, refutational preemption consists of “specific content that receivers can employ to strengthen attitudes against subsequent change.”
Overview
Drawing on McGuire & Papageorgis, Pfau, et al. define the refutational preemption, or pretreatment, step of the inoculation process: "The theory posits that refutational pretreatments, which raise the specter of content potentially damaging to the receiver's attitude while simultaneously providing direct refutation of that content in the presence of a supportive environment, threaten the individual. This triggers the motivation to bolster arguments supporting the receiver's attitudes, thus conferring resistance".
Instead of providing the receiver with additional supporting evidence why their held beliefs are true, the receiver is provided counterarguments they may encounter in the future that might challenge their held belief. The effectiveness of this inoculation falls off as the level of effort required by the receiver to defend the belief increases.
See also
Inoculation theory
Refutation
William J. McGuire
References
Communication
Propaganda techniques
Psychological attitude
(full name , ) is a Christian association within the Church of Sweden. The organization was an "informal or semi-official national school board" prior to the founding of Sweden's public education system and made a significant impact on Sweden's early education system.
History
Based on the model of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, the society was founded on 27 March 1771 on the initiative of (1727–1786), a priest in service to the royal court (). After a nine-year position as pastor of Gloria Dei Church in Philadelphia, in which they had "been preparing the way for Methodism in Philadelphia" and contact with Methodist John Wesley, they felt the necessity to found an organization to "[propagate] practical religion", with a promise of support from Wesley. Its motto was "A society, which with utmost diligence should promote the growth and spread of Christianity in the Kingdom of Sweden". The society, with its Pietist influence, was to serve as a platform for the spread of Christian faith and knowledge through the ideas of Christian enlightenment, education, mission and temperance during its early years, as well as a counter to neology in the state church. It has been called Sweden's first missionary and tract society. Its goal was to "work against the decline of Christian knowledge and civic virtues".
At a time when the view of the state and its responsibilities did not allow for state intervention in public education and enlightenment, the society carried out voluntarily what it considered the time required, but which the state was unable to carry out. Its ideas later became generally accepted and were gradually taken over in part by other organizations. The society is thus the earliest surviving example of how Swedish civil society began to take shape.
The society's work was divided into two divisions, the education division and the pastoral or catechism division. It grew quickly in the beginning, with 76 members in the first year, 23 of whom lived in Finland and Pomerania and 28 in other countries. Expenses were paid partly by voluntary contributions from members (after 1819, annual fees were paid by each member) and partly by quite substantial donations.
Education
The society became a pioneer in public education in Sweden, advocating for education covering both religious and broad general subjects at a time when most parish schools provided a basic education. It rewarded teachers and helped found libraries. In 1777 the society established a total of five catechist schools in Stockholm to provide Christian education "to persons over 15 years of age who do not have adequate knowledge of Christianity, and to children who, accepted for service in factories or in handicrafts, or for whatever reasons lack the opportunity for daily schooling". The schools were intended to compensate for inadequate homeschooling. A number of clergy positions, younger priests, were employed as teachers at these schools and known as catechists.
In addition, from 1841, classes were established for older children who could not read, eventually reaching a total of six. In 1875 they were discontinued. After the discontinuation of the school, the catechism classes were composed mostly of developmentally disabled children, who were prepared for their first Communion.
Over the years, the catechism division underwent modernization in various ways, but survived and was transferred to the Stockholm parish delegate in 1965. It was also involved in mission activities in Lappmarken and supported the publication of , a Sami-Swedish dictionary, in the 1770s.
Publishing
Early on, the society focused on publishing Christian literature and tracts and supporting the distribution of Christian scripture, either on its own or through other means. It was inspired by the work of the British Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge and Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts.
One of the society's main tasks was to provide textbooks: there was a need for textbooks covering a broad range of subjects for popular education. The best known of its published textbooks is (1780; facsimile edition 1983) with illustrations by , based on a German children's textbook and dedicated to Crown Prince Gustaf Adolf. For a long time efforts were made to produce a new catechism; this attempt, however, ran aground.
The scripture committee awarded prizes to encourage good contributions on contemporary religious questions, and distributed short, easy-to-read sermons ("Sunday Friends") to those whose occupations prevented them from attending Sunday worship, such as carriage and tram drivers, to meet the spiritual needs of these workers. The committee also published "Guides to the study of the New Testament", prepared by a number of young priests, for Bible study especially in church youth associations.
Pro Fide et Christianismo published material on what they saw as the issues of the day, including "declining church attendance and communion frequency ... growing deism and atheism ... extravagance in food and drink ... and 'enthusiasm'". Religious biographic portrayals, such as deathbed conversion stories, including of a Sami girl were also published – in which case the complete account was not published due to the controversy of portraying a person's last moments.
The society published books by Johann Arndt, Martin Luther, Peter Fjellstedt, Hans Magnus Melin, , and others.
In the 1940s, the society published a new translation of the Lutheran Book of Concord.
Impact
Pro Fide et Christianismo initiated the founding of several societies: the Swedish Missionary Society, the Swedish Bible Society, the Exchange Teaching Society (), the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge (), and, at least indirectly, provided the impetus for the establishment of normal schools. The society also contributed to the founding of the Regina School in Anjala, Finland, one of the country's first public schools – as well as its library, the first in Finland.
Today
Today, the society's main task is to provide financial support for the publication and dissemination of Christian literature. It financially supports the Nordic peer-reviewed academic journal Theofilos. It also awards scholarships to students of theology. It has approximately 200 members. Pro Fide et Christianismo is Sweden's oldest existing Christian association.
Members
Members of the organization include:
Abraham Bäck
Carl Jesper Benzelius
Bernhard von Beskow
Einar Billing
Ebbe Gustaf Bring
Anders Chydenius
Matthias Calonius
Karl Fredrik Dahlgren
Frans Michael Franzén
Anders Fryxell
Jakob Gadolin
Erik Gustaf Geijer
Jakob Tengström
Carl Fredrik Mennander
Honorary members include Henry Muehlenberg, John Wesley, and Arne Fjellbu.
Presidents
The current president is professor . Presidents of the society have included the following, in addition to its founder Carl Magnus Wrangel:
bishop
privy council member
bishop
priest of the royal court
chancellor of justice
archbishop Uno von Troil
privy council member
(bishop appointed by the king)
bishop Olof Wallquist
bishop Gustaf Murray
bishop
prime minister of justice Mattias Rosenblad
secretary of state Nils von Rosenstein
bishop
archbishop Johan Olof Wallin
archbishop Carl Fredrik af Wingård
pastor primarius Carl Peter Hagberg
pastor primarius
pastor primarius
education minister
vicar
education minister Nils Claëson
pastor primarius
vicar
supreme court justice
priest of the royal court
bishop Helge Ljungberg
dean
priest of the royal court
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
O. Bexell, "Roos i Sverige och om Samfundet Pro Fides historia." Kyrka, kultur historia – en festskrift till Johnny Hagberg. (Skara, 2012).
C.H. Levin, Samfundet Pro Fide et Christianismo. (Ett hundraårigt minnesblad vid samfundets jubelfest den 27 mars 1871). (Stockholm, 1871).
D. Lindmark: "De Fide Historica: Societas Suecana Pro Fide et Christianismo and the Religious Exemplary Biography in Sweden, 1771-1780", in Confessional Sanctity, ed. Jürgen Beyer et al. (Veröffentlichungen des Instituts für Europäische Geschichte Mainz. Beiheft 51.) (Mainz, 2003).
D. Lindmark: "Samfundet Pro Fide et Christianismo och den kyrkliga folkundervisningen" i Sveriges kyrkohistoria 5, Individualismens och upplysningens tid pub. by Harry Lenhammar (Stockholm, 2000).
R. Murray: Samfundet Pro Fide under 200 år (Stockholm, 1971).
S. Nilsson, Samfundet Pro Fide et Christianismo. Minnesskrift med anledning av dess etthundrafemtioårsjubileum. (Stockholm, 1921).
A. Parkman: "Hofprediger Wrangel und die Societas Svecana Pro Fide et Christianismo", i Pietismus und Neuzeit. Ein Jahrbuch zur Geschichte des neueren Protestantismus, Vol. 7 (1981).
External links
Religious organizations established in 1771
Church of Sweden
Clubs and societies in Sweden
Book publishing companies of Sweden
Joris Note (born 1949, in Borgerhout) is a Belgian writer.
They graduated in Germanic philology and started their career a scientific assistant Algemene Literatuurwetenschap and as a teacher. Together with Walter van den Broeck and Daniel Robberechts they were for several years an editor of the magazine Heibel. They wrote articles for several newspapers and magazines.
Bibliography
1992 - De tinnen soldaat
1995 - Het uur van ongehoorzaamheid
2002 - Timmerwerk
2006 - Hoe ik mijn horloge stuksloeg
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Joris Note
Joris Note
1949 births
Flemish writers
Living people
People from Borgerhout
Dorothy Tait, (March 1, 1901, Cambridge, Massachusetts – February 8, 1972, Monterey, California) better known by their pen name, Ann Fairbairn, was an American author. They wrote Five Smooth Stones, published in 1966, which was their best-known work. Fairbairn also wrote That Man Cartwright, which was published in 1970.
Tait attended Leland Powers School in Boston. They lived in New Orleans for many years and, for two and a half years, lived in Rio de Janeiro. They began work as a feature editor and a newspaper reporter.
While living in New Orleans, Tait managed the American and international tours of jazz clarinetist George Lewis's band for more than a decade. In 1961 their biography, "Call Him George," was published in London by Peter Davies Ltd., under the pen name Jay Allison Stuart. It was published in the United States by Crown Publishers in 1969, crediting authorship to Ann Fairbairn.
Tait's experience with Lewis inspired them to write "Five Smooth Stones."
Tait was highly guarded about details of their personal life. They were widowed twice. The names of their husbands are not known. They had no children.
Works
Call Him George, 1961
Five Smooth Stones, 1966
That Man Cartwright, 1970
References
1972 deaths
1901 births
20th-century American writers
20th-century American women writers
Pseudonymous women writers
Writers from Cambridge, Massachusetts
20th-century pseudonymous writers
Each team must submit a final squad of 23 players for 2022 CONCACAF W Championship, three of whom must be goalkeepers, at least ten days before the opening match of the tournament. If a player becomes injured or ill severely enough to prevent their participation in the tournament before their team's first match, or following the completion of the group stage, they can be replaced by another player from the preliminary list. On 8 June, all the teams submitted their preliminary roster. The final rosters were announced on 29 June 2022.
The age listed for each player is their age as of 4 July 2022, the first day of the tournament. The numbers of caps and goals listed for each player do not include any matches played after the start of the tournament. The club listed is the club for which the player last played a competitive match prior to the tournament. The nationality for each club reflects the national association (not the league) to which the club is affiliated. A flag is included for coaches who are of a different nationality to their team.
Group A
Haiti
A 26-player training camp roster was announced on 17 June 2022. The final 23-player roster was released on 29 June 2022.
Head coach: Nicolas Delépine
Jamaica
A provisional 26 player squads was announced on 14 June 2022. The final 24-player roster was released on 28 June 2022.
Head coach: Lorne Donaldson
Mexico
The 33 players were called up for training-camp, that was held on 13 June 2022. The 23 player roster was announced on 23 June.
Head coach: Mónica Vergara
United States
The 23 player roster was named on 13 June 2022. On 11 July 2022, Ashley Hatch withdrew due to an injury sustained in the group match against Jamaica and was replaced by Sam Coffey.
Head coach: Vlatko Andonovski
Group B
Canada
The 23 player roster was named on 24 June 2022.
Head coach: Bev Priestman
Costa Rica
The 23-player roster was announced on 29 June 2022.
Head coach: Amelia Valverde
Panama
The 23-player roster was announced on 26 June 2022.
Head coach: Ignacio Quintana
Trinidad and Tobago
A 25-player travelling roster was announced on 21 June 2022. The final 23-player roster was announced on 1 July 2022.
Head coach: Kenwyne Jones
Player representation
By club
Clubs with 4 or more players represented are listed.
By club nationality
By club federation
By representatives of domestic league
References
CONCACAF Women's Championship squads
Squads
Karl-Arne Johannessen (born 30 June 1952) is a Norwegian physician, health administrator and sports official. They were president of the Norwegian Handball Federation from 1999 to 2004, and the Norwegian Olympic Committee and Confederation of Sports from 2004 to 2007.
References
1952 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bergen
Norwegian sports executives and administrators
Destiny of Kings is a 1986 adventure module for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.
Plot summary
In Destiny of Kings, an assassin kills the King of Andevar, and the King's brother seizes power. A loyal retainer hires the player characters to find the missing prince, who is held by agents of the usurper. They are charged with bringing them back to claim the throne.The module includes descriptions of a citadel, a castle, an abbey and an inn.
King Halfred of Dunador has died in a mysterious accident. As the heir has disappeared, the wicked Lord Edrin intends to seize the throne. Hollend, head of the Royal Council, asks the player characters to seek out the missing Prince. The characters must contend with scheming Dukes, raiders and corpses as they trace the pilgrimage the Prince took before the King's death. They must uncover and rectify ignoble deeds, bringing traitors to justice.
Publication history
N3 Destiny of Kings was published by TSR in 1986, as a 32-page booklet with an outer folder. The module was written by Stephen Bourne, with cover art by Keith Parkinson and interior art by James Roslof. The module includes a fold-out cover including a color area map.
In 1998 the module was re-released for 2nd Edition AD&D.
Reception
Graham Staplehurst reviewed Destiny of Kings for White Dwarf #80, calling it "a well-planned adventure for a medium-sized, low-level AD&D party”. They considered the adventure particularly appropriate for an inexperienced or novice party, as very experienced players "may find it a little sparse on the intrigue and cloak-and-dagger side". Staplehurst found a few bugs in the text, although they felt the module was well introduced, with useful aids such as a glossary of names and places and a plot synopsis. They felt that the random encounters were overpowered, and noted a walled town of "ludicrous design, containing a jousting field just 130' long". They concluded the review by describing the module as, "Overall, a well-thought out adventure that shouldn't be too hard to slot into an existing campaign, and would make a very good introduction for new players."
References
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Edward Aloysius Synan (13 April 1918 – 3 August 1997) was a philosopher, theologian, and professor at the Pontifical Institute of Mediaeval Studies. In addition to authoring and editing several books, Synan published over eighty journal articles on subjects ranging from early patristics to late scholasticism.
Biography
Synan was born in Fall River, Massachusetts, but grew up in Ridgewood, New Jersey. In 1938 they graduated from Seton Hall College and entered seminary for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Newark. From there they were sent to the American College of Louvain. When the outbreak of World War II forced them to return to the United States, they resumed their study of theology at the Catholic University of America. In 1942 they received their license in sacred theology and was ordained to the priesthood.
Synan served as a chaplain for the United States Army Air Forces from 1944 to 1948. In 1948, they matriculated into the Pontifical Institute of Mediaeval Studies at the University of Toronto, where they earned their M.A. (1950), their Licentiate in Medieval Studies (1951), and their Ph.D. (1952). During this time, Synan studied under Étienne Gilson, while their thesis was directed by one of Gilson's students, Anton Charles Pegis. At Pegis's eulogy, Synan remarked, "No teacher is more truly the friend of a graduate student than is the one who insures, whether by encouragement, or by cajolery, or by severity, that the doctorate not turn into a life-time project."
Synon taught philosophy at Seton Hall University until 1959, when they were invited to return to the Pontifical Institute in Toronto. They taught history of medieval philosophy there until their death in 1997, and served as president of the Pontifical Institute from 1973 to 1979, and again from 1989–1990.
Selected works
The Popes and the Jews in the Middle Ages (Macmillan, 1965)
The Works of Richard of Campsall (Pontifical Institute of Mediaeval Studies, 1968–1982)
References
1918 births
1997 deaths
20th-century American Roman Catholic priests
People from Fall River, Massachusetts
People from Ridgewood, New Jersey
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Military personnel from New Jersey
Seton Hall University alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Writers from Massachusetts
Writers from New Jersey
20th-century American philosophers
20th-century American Roman Catholic theologians
United States Army chaplains
Catholic University of America alumni
United States Army Air Forces personnel
Seton Hall University faculty
University of Toronto faculty
Ákos Sándor Onódi (born 2 September 2001) is a Hungarian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Akritas Chlorakas.
Club career
Aston Villa
Onódi made their debut for Aston Villa on 8 January 2021 in a FA Cup match against Liverpool.
On 6 July 2021, Onódi was amongst several Academy players who were given new professional contracts. On 16 July 2021, Onódi joined Southern League Premier Division side Bromsgrove Sporting on a season-long loan. They made their debut for Bromsgrove the following day, in a 1–0 pre-season friendly victory over Romulus. Their first competitive appearance for the side was a 4–0 defeat to Leiston on the opening day of the Southern League Premier season.
On 24 May 2022, Onódi announced on their social media that we would be leaving Aston Villa at the end of their current contract on 1 July. This was confirmed by the Premier League on 10 June.
Akritas Chlorakas
On 25 August 2022, Onódi signed for Cypriot First Division club Akritas Chlorakas, revealing that they had turned down interest from clubs in England and Italy due to them wanting them to act as third-choice goalkeeper.
Personal life
Despite news reports suggesting that Ákos is the nephew of Olympic gold medal-winning gymnast Henrietta Ónodi, they have confirmed that they are not in fact related.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2001 births
Living people
Hungarian footballers
Hungary youth international footballers
Hungarian expatriate footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
Győri ETO FC players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Sportspeople from Győr
Bromsgrove Sporting F.C. players
Southern Football League players
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Akritas Chlorakas players
Providence St. Mel School (PSM) is a private, coeducational Preschool-12th Grade school in East Garfield Park, Chicago, Illinois.
History
The school was created in 1969 with the merger of two schools, Providence High School and St. Mel High School. In 1978 the Archdiocese of Chicago decided to close it. The principal, Paul J. Adams III, and administrators of the school chose instead to operate it as an independent school, after the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, owners of the school building, agreed to sell it to them for a low price.
In 1982 and 1983, President Ronald Reagan visited the school. In 1993, Oprah Winfrey donated $1,000,000.
The October 2006 issue of Chicago magazine ranked Providence St. Mel as one of the most outstanding elementary schools in the metropolitan area. The school earned a place on the magazine's "A+ Team", the list of select 115 public and 25 private elementary and middle schools.
Alumni
Lil Rel Howery, comedian
Linton Johnson, professional basketball player
Bernie Leahy (1908–1978), NFL player; attended St. Mel High School
Lee Loughnane, trumpet player for the American rock band Chicago
Bob Ociepka, professional basketball coach
Tom O'Halleran, Member of the United States House of Representatives from Arizona's 1st district
Gene Pingatore, high school basketball coach
Frank Quilici, professional baseball player
See also
The Providence Effect, a documentary film about the school
References
External links
Reviews and profile on GreatSchools.org
Google map of the school
Private elementary schools in Chicago
Private high schools in Chicago
Private middle schools in Chicago
Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods
Educational institutions established in 1968
1968 establishments in Illinois
African-American Roman Catholic schools
The 1999 Seville City Council election, also the 1999 Seville municipal election, was held on Sunday, 13 June 1999, to elect the 6th City Council of the municipality of Seville. All 33 seats in the City Council were up for election. The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in thirteen autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain, as well as the 1999 European Parliament election.
Electoral system
The City Council of Seville () was the top-tier administrative and governing body of the municipality of Seville, composed of the mayor, the government council and the elected plenary assembly. Elections to the local councils in Spain were fixed for the fourth Sunday of May every four years.
Voting for the local assembly was on the basis of universal suffrage, which comprised all nationals over 18 years of age, registered in the municipality of Seville and in full enjoyment of their political rights, as well as resident non-national European citizens and those whose country of origin allowed Spanish nationals to vote in their own elections by virtue of a treaty. Local councillors were elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation, with an electoral threshold of five percent of valid votes—which included blank ballots—being applied in each local council. Councillors were allocated to municipal councils based on the following scale:
The mayor was indirectly elected by the plenary assembly. A legal clause required that mayoral candidates earned the vote of an absolute majority of councillors, or else the candidate of the most-voted party in the assembly was to be automatically appointed to the post. In the event of a tie, the appointee would be determined by lot.
The electoral law allowed for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry, coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates. Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election were required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call, whereas groupings of electors needed to secure the signature of a determined amount of the electors registered in the municipality for which they were seeking election, disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates. For the case of Seville, as its population was between 300,001 and 1,000,000, at least 5,000 signatures were required.
Opinion polls
The table below lists voting intention estimates in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. Where the fieldwork dates are unknown, the date of publication is given instead. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party's colour. If a tie ensues, this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages. The "Lead" column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a poll. When available, seat projections determined by the polling organisations are displayed below (or in place of) the percentages in a smaller font; 17 seats were required for an absolute majority in the City Council of Seville.
Results
Notes
References
Opinion poll sources
Other
Seville
Elections in Seville
The 15th Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Among its notable battles were the Battle of Shiloh and the Battle of Chickamauga.
Company G, of the regiment was composed largely of residents of states outside Tennessee. Besides men from Tennessee, Missouri, and Kentucky, the company (originally named the "Illinois Company") included soldiers from the consistently Union states of Illinois, Minnesota, and Pennsylvania.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Illinois in the American Civil War
Kentucky in the American Civil War
Minnesota in the American Civil War
Missouri in the American Civil War
Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
Brian Kelly (born 3 November 1978, in York, England) is an international chess player. Although born in England, they moved to Limerick, Republic of Ireland when they were 2 years old, and later to Belfast, Northern Ireland when they were 12. Both their parents hold Irish citizenship and they can compete for Ireland in international competitions.
They attained the title of International Master in 1998. Their current FIDE rating is 2488, with the highest rating of 2504 achieved in July 2005.
Kelly won the Irish Chess Championship twice, outright in 1995 and jointly in 2007. In 1994, they won a gold medal at the Chess Olympiad playing on Board 6 for Ireland, as well as sharing first place in the Ulster Chess Championship.
As of September 2006 they are rated as the strongest native Irish chess player, although they placed behind others such as Alexander McDonnell on the all-time list. They have captained both the Methodist College Belfast and Cambridge University teams during their career. They hold the record for the highest score earned by an Irish player in the British Chess Championship.
 They are also a Go player, and has achieved the rank of second kyu whilst playing in the UK, making them one of the strongest Irish Go players.
References
1978 births
Living people
British chess players
Irish chess players
Chess International Masters
Sportspeople from Belfast
People educated at Methodist College Belfast
The Stone Dogs is a science fiction novel by Canadian-American writer S. M. Stirling, the third book in the alternate history series, The Domination. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in August 1990. It was a preliminary nominee for the 1996 Prometheus Hall of Fame Award.
The novel details the life of Eric von Shrakenberg's niece, Yolande Ingolfsson, and Chantal Lefarge's children, Frederick and Marya. Eric later becomes the Archon during the "Final War".
Plot summary
During the cold war between the Alliance and the Domination, Frederic and Marya work for the OSS as spies and assassins.
During the Draka conquest of India, Marya Lefarge is taken prisoner. They become a serf to Yolande Ingolfsson, who after torturing them repeatedly with a neural weapon, forces them to become a "brooder" (i.e. a surrogate mother) for their offspring, Gwendolyn. Yolande also swears vengeance on Fred Lefarge after they kill their lover, Myfanwy Venders, during the Indian Incident.
As both superpowers expand into space, they prepare different doomsday weapons. The Alliance's weapon is a computer virus ("comp plague") secretly planted in Draka military computers by spies; the Draka's is a biological virus called the Stone Dogs that causes infected personnel to go insane. Yolande discovers Marya, who has contacted the OSS, planting the comp-plague and allows them to escape with knowledge of the Stone Dogs. This forces them uncle, Archon Eric von Shrakenberg, to use the weapon prematurely. The Draka win the resulting conflict; however, their incomplete victory leads to Eric negotiating an arrangement whereupon the Alliance is allowed to launch its generation ship "The New America" and the remaining Alliance survivors in space are granted limited Draka citizenship.
References
External links
1990 American novels
Generation ships in fiction
Novels by S. M. Stirling
The Domination series
Dystopian novels
Alternate history novels
Fiction about asteroid mining
Biological weapons in popular culture
Malware in fiction
Baen Books books
Sébastien Dufoor (born 7 July 1981) is a Belgian football striker.
References
1981 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
S.K. Beveren players
K.S.V. Roeselare players
F.C.V. Dender E.H. players
K.V.K. Tienen-Hageland players
RWS Bruxelles players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Association football forwards
Santa Maria a Cetrella is a Franciscan chapel and hermitage in Anacapri, Capri, Italy. Referred to as "Capri's most otherworldly church", it contains a Madonna statue which is venerated by pilgrims, including Rainer Maria Rilke. Built in the Middle Ages, its features include stucco siding, with a low-vaulted ceiling.
It is located on Mount Solaro's Cetrella region. In the Middle Ages, Capriote residents prayed to Santa Maria a Cetrella to intercede on behalf of the island's fishermen.
References
Roman Catholic churches in Capri, Campania
Maria a Cetrella
John Hollingworth may refer to:
John Hollingworth (politician) (1930–2018), British Conservative politician
John Hollingworth (actor) (fl. 2000s–2010s), English actor
John Hollingworth (priest) (1803–1856), Archdeacon of Huntington
See also
John Hollingsworth (1916–1963), a British orchestral conductor
Hollingworth (surname)
Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO) is a not-for-profit international development organization charity with a vision for "a fair world for everyone" and a mission to "create lasting change through volunteering". VSO delivers development impact through a blended volunteer model consisting of international, national, and community volunteers working together to develop the systems and conditions for positive social change
In 2018–19, VSO worked in 23 countries in Africa and Asia
VSO currently works in the following core programme areas:
Inclusive Education
Health
Livelihoods
And through three core approaches that are relevant to all the areas:
Social Inclusion and Gender
Social Accountability
Resilience
In addition, VSO has a youth focus in which young people are both the beneficiaries of social change outcomes and the primary actors in creating the change.
Structure and governance
Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO) is a company limited by guarantee. VSO operates internationally largely through branch offices. Exceptions to this are:
Voluntary Service Overseas (Ireland) Limited Company Limited by Guarantee, which is a subsidiary of VSO and incorporated as a charitable entity in Ireland.
VSO India, which has agreements in place with the independent Indian charitable organisation, VSO India Trust. These agreements permit the Trust to carry out VSO's work using the VSO trademark.
Stichting VSO Netherland, which is a Dutch independent charitable organisation that has agreements with VSO, including a trademark license, and whose accounts were integrated with VSO's as of April 2018.
In March 2018, Voluntary Service Overseas USA, Inc. was incorporated, and an application has been made to register this entity as a US 501 (c) organisation(iii).
VSO's governing body is the International Board, currently comprising 9 trustees. It also has two youth advisors to the Board. The day-to-day management of VSO is carried out by the executive board. The executive board has operational oversight of VSO's global work. Each Executive Board member is responsible for a function of VSO: People, Programmes, Business Development, and Finance.
History
VSO was founded in 1958 by Alec and Mora Dickson through a bishop's letter to the London paper, The Sunday Times, as an educational experience overseas for school-leavers, initially only male, before starting university. Volunteers offered unskilled help in return for basic accommodation and pocket money. In 1962, the practice changed to using university graduate volunteers.
By 1980, the unskilled volunteers had been completely phased out and the length of service had been extended to two years. Active volunteer numbers initially dropped to about 750, but by 2003 had returned to about 1,400. Since December 2004, applications to volunteer have been accepted from those between ages 20 and 75, who also must have at least two years' experience in their field.
In the early 1990s, in order to meet growing demand for highly specialised and skilled volunteers from its partners in developing countries, VSO established partner agencies in Canada, the Netherlands, Kenya/Uganda (VSO Jitolee), and the Philippines (VSO Bahaginan). In 2004, VSO launched a partnership called (iVO) in India with , an existing volunteering program of MITRA, an Indian NGO. VSO's structure evolved to become an international federation which now includes Ireland, China and India as well as the above named countries. International volunteers are recruited through all of these bases, and they can be placed in any one of VSO's programmes (e.g. an Irish volunteer working in Nepal, or a Ugandan volunteer working in Tajikistan).
From 2011, VSO led a consortium to deliver the UK government's International Citizen Service programme that provides international volunteer placements for 18- to 25-year-olds. The programme, funded by the Department for International Development (DFID), now includes Raleigh International and Restless Development. In 2016/17, 3,090 young people volunteered through the International Citizen Service programme.
In 2017, VSO was awarded a grant of £50 million from the UK's Department of International Development (DFID) for a program called "Volunteering for Development." The three-year initiative aims to improve quality and access to health and education services as well as livelihood opportunities for the most poor and vulnerable, and targets more than 2 million of the poorest and most marginalised people across the globe. The grant supports VSO's vision to enhance effectiveness across a number of vital areas - including in VSO's "core approaches" of social inclusion & gender, social accountability, and resilience. During its first year the project successfully placed 606 international volunteers and 920 national volunteers across VSO's four areas of focus.
VSO today
Highlights of VSO today include:
VSO supports the delivery of integrated, large-scale education, health and livelihoods programmes in a range of countries. Its programmes reached 1.4m people in 2017/18
VSO now works in post-crisis situations and has recently responded to disasters in Bangladesh, Nepal, the Philippines and Sierra Leone. Most recently it has supported the establishment of a home-based early childhood care and education (ECCE) in emergencies to support refugee Rohingya communities in Bangladesh
It supports communities and governments to inform and influence policy dialogues. It recently supported the development of the Africa Union Gender Strategy and the Kenya Special Education Needs Policy.
In Nepal, VSO has been awarded nearly £10 million for inclusive education work through the UK's Girls' Education Challenge, the world's largest education challenge fund, which targets support for adolescent girls. In its first phase the project Sisters for Sisters' Education introduced to Nepal the first ever peer-based mentoring programme for marginalised girls.
Citizen Led Monitoring is now a key element of VSOs work. In 2017/18 over 20,000 people in Nepal and Uganda were mobilized for awareness raising and accountability on the delivery of the sustainable development goals
VSO is supporting the creation of national youth platforms in 7 of its countries of operation
It is playing a leading part in the development of a global standard for responsible and impactful volunteering as part of the Forum for International Volunteering in Development.
Partnerships
VSO works with local partners in the communities they work with, placing volunteers with these partners to help increase their impact and effectiveness. VSO also works with corporate partners, such as Accenture, and Randstad. and Syngenta with whom it is working to build the livelihoods of poor and marginalised farmers in Bangladesh
See also
CUSO
Doctors Without Borders
EU Aid Volunteers
European Voluntary Service
Fredskorpset
International Citizen Service
Peace Corps
United Nations Volunteers
References
Further reading
"How a Kenyan VSO volunteer is helping the health crisis in Malawi", The Nation, Malawi, 26 May 2006
"Mica's Lost Their family - I Wept For Him", Sunday Mirror, 21 May 2006
"VSO focuses on senior teachers", Education Guardian, January 10, 2006
"Eight Ways to Change the World", The Guardian, 7 September 2005
"Women lead as overseas volunteers", Guardian March 20, 2001
"Brian Deer investigates VSO", London Sunday Times, April 26, 1998
"Meet the VSO Volunteers" Grasya, July 2011
External links
VSO homepage
VSO Ireland homepage
VSO USA homepage
VSO Netherlands homepage (in Dutch)
Development charities based in the United Kingdom
International charities
International organisations based in London
International volunteer organizations
Organisations based in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
Organizations established in 1958
1958 establishments in the United Kingdom
The Venerable Francis Wrangham (11 June 1769 – 27 December 1842) was the Archdeacon of the East Riding. They were a noted author, translator, book collector and abolitionist.
Life
Wrangham was born on 11 June 1769 at Raysthorpe, near Malton, Yorkshire, the son of George Wrangham (1741-1791), a prosperous farmer, and their wife Ann Fallowfield, who died in childbirth. They attended Hull Grammar School and took honours at Cambridge, studying first at Magdalene College and afterwards at Trinity Hall.
They were not elected to a Fellowship at Trinity in 1793, on account of the electors not considering them to be “a fit and proper person”. Wrangham attempted to overturn this in the Courts, but the Lord Chancellor found that “however worthy and fit for greater and better situations, the whole college have thought [the gentleman] not fit to be elected into their society” and dismissed Wrangham's petition.
Wrangham was ordained in 1793 and instead became rector of Hunmanby in the East Riding. In England at that time, it was common for well-connected or conspicuously talented clerics to accumulate church positions, hiring curates to do the actual work. Wrangham's success resulted from their own talent and from an early position as tutor to the brother of the Duke of Manchester, and the lifelong friendship and patronage of the ducal family. In addition to being vicar of Humanby, Wrangham was vicar of Folkton, 1795–1821; Fellow of the Royal Society, 15 November 1804; examining chaplain to Vernon Harcourt, Archbishop of York, 1814–34; Archdeacon of Cleveland, 1820–28; vicar of Thorpe Bassett, 1821–27; Prebendary of York, 1823; rector of Dodleston, Cheshire, and Prebendary of Chester, 1827–42; and Archdeacon of the East Riding, 1828–41.
Wrangham was a member of the Roxburghe Club.  They are buried in the lady chapel of Chester Cathedral, which contains a monument to them by Hardman & Co., dating from 1846.
Works
Wrangham was a well-known and widely read poet, essayist and translator of Greek and Latin literature. They were an advocate for the abolition of slavery, the education of women, Catholic rights, charity schools, free libraries, charity hospitals and other progressive social ideas. Their theology was orthodox. They opposed deists, dissenters, and Unitarians, and supported foreign missions, writing one book on methods for converting India to Christianity.
They were the author in 1794 of The Restoration of the Jews, a poem advocating the return of the Jews to the Land of Israel, that won the Cambridge University Seaton poetry prize. The poem includes a strong anti-slavery statement:
157: And thou bethink thee, Albion, ere too late,
158: Queen of the isles and mart of distant worlds,
159: That thou like Tyre (with hands as deep in blood,
160: Warm from the veins of Africa, and wealth
161: By arts more vile and darker guilt acquir'd)
162: Shalt meet an equal doom. The day will rise...
Other Wrangham, prize-winning poems well-known at the time, include 'The Holy Land', 'Sufferings of the Primitive Martyrs', 'Joseph Made Known to their Brethren', and 'The Destruction of Babylon.' Wrangham's first book of poems is noteworthy because it contained a translation of one of Wrangham's Latin poems by Coleridge, and one of Wrangham's French poems by Wordsworth. Their books of poetry include The Raising of Jaïrus' Daughter (1804); A Poem on the Restoration of Learning in the East (1805); Death of Saul and Jonathan (1813); Poetical Sketches of Scarborough (1813); Poems (1814); and The Quadrupeds' Feast (1830).
Wrangham's published translations from ancient Greek, Latin, French, and Italian include A Few Sonnets Attempted from Petrarch in Early Life (1817); The Lyrics of Horace (1821) a translation of Virgil's Eclogues (1830); and Homerics (1834), translations of Iliad, book 3, and Odyssey, book 5. They published numerous sermons and pamphlets on political topics, and wrote regularly for Blackwood's Magazine, the Gentleman's Magazine, and the Classical Journal.
John Cole included a catalogue of Wrangham's library in A Bibliographical and Descriptive Tour of Scarborough (1824). Two years later Wrangham themselves published The English Portion of the Library of the Ven. Francis Wrangham (1826).
Family
Wrangham was twice married. They married at Bridlington, on 7 April 1799, Agnes, fifth daughter of Colonel Ralph Creyke of Marton in Yorkshire. They died in childbed on 9 March 1800, aged 21; but their daughter survived. Wrangham married, secondly, at Brompton, near Scarborough, in 1801, Dorothy, second daughter and coheiress of Rev. Digby Cayley of Yorkshire, who brought them £700 a year. They had issue two sons and three daughters.
Of their daughters:
Agnes Frances Everilda, daughter of the first marriage, on 16 June 1832 married Robert Isaac Wilberforce, who succeeded their father as archdeacon of the East Riding.
Lucy Charlotte, the eldest daughter of the second marriage, married Henry Raikes, and was mother of Henry Cecil Raikes.
Philadelphia Frances Esther, third daughter of the second marriage, married Edward William Barnard.
The first son George Walter became vicar of Ampleforth; the second son Digby Cayley Wrangham (1805–1863) was a barrister and Tory politician.
There is a Wrangham family genealogy at http://genealogy.avendano.org/wrangham2.php.
References
Archdeacon Francis Wrangham, 1769–1842, Quarrell, Notes and Queries, 1920; s12-VI: 8
Obituary in Gentleman's Magazine, April 1843, pp. 429–431.
1769 births
1842 deaths
People from Hunmanby
People educated at Hull Grammar School
Alumni of Magdalene College, Cambridge
Alumni of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
Archdeacons of Cleveland
Archdeacons of the East Riding
English book and manuscript collectors
Fellows of the Royal Society
Silcott is an unincorporated community in Asotin County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
A post office called Silcott was established in 1883, and remained in operation until 1931. The community was named after John Silcott, an early settler.
References
Unincorporated communities in Asotin County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
To commemorate the achievements of Karen Spärck Jones, the Karen Spärck Jones Award was created in 2008 by the British Computer Society (BCS) and its Information Retrieval Specialist Group (BCS IRSG), which is sponsored by Microsoft Research.
The winner of the award is invited to present a keynote talk at the European Conference on Information Retrieval (ECIR) the following year.
Chronological recipients and keynote talks
2009: Mirella Lapata : “Image and Natural Language Processing for Multimedia Information Retrieval”
2010: Evgeniy Gabrilovich : “Ad Retrieval Systems in vitro and in vivo: Knowledge-Based Approaches to Computational Advertising”
2011: No award was made
2012: Diane Kelly : “Contours and Convergence”
2013: Eugene Agichtein : “Inferring Searcher Attention and Intention by Mining Behavior Data”
2014: Ryen White : “Mining and Modeling Online Health Search”
2015: Jordan Boyd-Graber : “Opening up the Black Box: Interactive Machine Learning for Understanding Large Document Collections, Characterizing Social Science, and Language-Based Games”, Emine Yilmaz : “A Task-Based Perspective to Information Retrieval”
2016: Jaime Teevan : “Search, Re-Search.”
2017: Fernando Diaz (computer scientist) : “The Harsh Reality of Production Information Access Systems”
2018: Krisztian Balog : “On Entities and Evaluation”
2019: Chirag Shah : “Task-Based Intelligent Retrieval and Recommendation”
2020: Ahmed H. Awadallah : “Learning with Limited Labeled Data: The Role of User Interactions”
2021: Ivan Vulić : “Towards Language Technology for a Truly Multilingual World?”
References
Computer science awards
Nguyễn Bá Thanh (18 April 1953 – 13 February 2015) was a Vietnamese politician.
They were party secretary and people's council president in Da Nang (two of the three top leadership positions), member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam and head of the PCC Internal Affairs Commission, a central committee consulting agency for internal policies and strategies. They formerly served as President of the People's Committee of Da Nang City.
Early life
Nguyễn Bá Thanh was born on April 8, 1953, from Hòa Vang, Đà Nẵng. They were the 14th generation of the Nguyễn Bá family in Hòa Tiến. Their father was Nguyễn Bá Tùng. They had an older sister that was four years older than them named Nguyễn Thị Hoa. In 1954, after the Geneve Agreement, their father assembled in the North, their mother, their sister and them stayed in Đà Nẵng. Then their sister died at age 10 due to lack of financial ability to treat their illness. They also had a younger brother named Nguyễn Bá Bình. Nguyễn Bá Bình married Thái Thủy, Nguyễn Bá Bình and Thái Thủy has three children including Nguyễn Bá Trung, Nguyễn Thị Hiếu, and Nguyễn Bá Hậu.
After graduating from Hanoi University of Agriculture, they were assigned to work as an agricultural officer, gradually being promoted to Manager of Hòa Nhơn Cooperative and was admitted to the Communist Party of Vietnam on 13 February. 1980.
Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act
According to Radio Free Asia, Nguyen Ba Thanh was included in a submitted Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act blacklists to be blocked from entering the United States or making transactions in all property.
Controversies
Da Nang has been planned and expanded during the last 10 years resulting in the relocation of almost one-third of the city's former inhabitants for urban planning. Thanh was sued by some of these but they were acquitted by official investigations which purportedly showed that all their actions were in accordance with the law. Thanh was elected to the National Assembly.
Nguyễn Bá Thanh was also accused of involvement in a major corruption case, in which the contractor building the Han River Bridge, Phạm Minh Thông, was arrested. According to Radio Free Asia, the People's Procuracy of Da Nang City concluded in the Document No. 73/KSDT-KT (October, 2000) and Document No. 77/KSDT/KT (November 2000) sent to the Supreme People's Procuracy of Vietnam and Phan Diễn (then-Secretary of Communist Party Committee of Danang) that Nguyễn Bá Thanh received bribes from Pham Minh Thong (4.4 billion VND in total) in the construction projects of Hàn River Bridge and North-South Street in Danang. However, the case was eventually dropped. Vietnamese mass media (which, according to Human Rights Watch, are all strictly controlled by the government) were censored and even praised Thanh for their "many contributions" in the development of Da Nang City.
The article alleges that recent reports from the Central Directing Office of Anti-Corruption submitted to the Prime Minister of Vietnam and the Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam confirmed that accusations of Nguyễn Bá Thanh's corruption by some citizens of Da Nang are legitimate. In addition, two conclusions of inspection by the Ministry of Public Security indicated sufficient grounds to open the case, but the Police Department of Da Nang City have not charged Nguyễn Bá Thanh with any offense to date.
In 2009, several high-ranking Vietnamese police officers, including Major General Trần Văn Thanh (Chief Inspector of the Ministry of Public Security of Vietnam), Lieutenant Colonel Dương Ngọc Tiến (Chief Representative of Hồ Chí Minh City's Police's Newspaper in Hanoi), and a former police major were arrested and sentenced to jail. All were accused of "abusing democratic freedoms of association, expression, assembly to infringe on the interests of the state". According to an article from Radio Free Asia, general Trần Văn Thanh was fighting against corruption and trying to expose Nguyễn Bá Thanh, albeit without success.
Legal scholar Cù Huy Hà Vũ has commented in some interviews that they believe this case was created to punish anti-corruption activists, and that "police general Trần Văn Thanh had directed the investigation of corruption cases directly related to Nguyễn Bá Thanh (who at that time was President of People's Committee of Da Nang City)". Vũ claimed the court case was an instrument of revenge by Nguyễn Bá Thanh.
Talking to Radio Free Asia, Đỗ Xuân Hiền, a former Head of Economics in Da Nang and General District Commissioner, revealed how Nguyễn Bá Thanh became rich through urban planning and relocation implementation: "Nguyễn Bá Thanh took the land from people, for each square meter they gave them only 19,500 VND as compensation, while having demanded 150,000 VND per m² for themselves from contractors, try asking a how many times fold! Thus is it corruption, bribery or not?" According to an annual report of Human Rights Watch, land seizures and local corruption are the main grievances in Vietnam recently.
Death
On 13 February 2015, Nguyễn Bá Thanh died at their home at age 61 after going to Singapore and United States for cancer treatment.
References
1953 births
2015 deaths
Deaths from cancer in Vietnam
Place of birth missing
People from Da Nang
Mayors of places in Vietnam
Communist Party of Vietnam politicians
The 2004–2005 FINA Swimming World Cup was a series of eight short-course (25m) meets, held in 8 different cities from November 2004 through February 2005.
South Africa's Ryk Neethling (male) and Sweden's Anna-Karin Kammerling (female) were named the top swimmers of the series.
Meets
Event Winners
Note: Time listed in the heading are the series records at the start of the 2004-05 World Cup. Bettered records are marked with a "WC" following the time.
50 free
100 free
200 free
400 free
800/1500 free
50 back
100 back
200 back
50 breasts
100 breasts
200 breasts
50 fly
100 fly
200 fly
100 IM
200 IM
400 IM
References
FINA Swimming World Cup
2004 in swimming
2005 in swimming
Ranko Despotović (, ; born 21 January 1983) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Club career
Born in Loznica, Serbia, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Despotović made their professional debuts with local FK Loznica aged only 17, and proceeded to score almost 30 goals overall in their first three years, subsequently being acquired by FK Vojvodina.
After parts of seasons loaned to lowly FK Mačva Šabac, they returned, having a stellar 2006–07 season and helping the team to the third place in the league and coming up second in the domestic cup; to help achieve this, they topped the nation's goal charts by netting 17 times.
In January 2008, Despotović signed with FC Rapid București in Romania, and continued abroad for the ensuing summer as they joined Spain's Real Murcia for three years and €1.5 million. They were brought to the club by head coach Javier Clemente, who became aware of the player while coaching the national team of Serbia.
For the 2009–10 campaign, Despotović stayed in the country and its second division, moving on a season-long loan to UD Salamanca. The following year, still in that level, they led Girona FC with 18 goals (seventh-best in the competition) as the Catalans finished comfortably in mid-table.
On 1 July 2011, Despotović signed for Japan's Urawa Red Diamonds. In late 2013, following an unsuccessful trial at former club Girona, they moved to Sydney FC, after being convinced to join by former Vojvodina teammate Nikola Petković. They made their debut for their new team against Wellington Phoenix FC, coming on as a substitute and scoring the 2–1 winner in injury time.
Despotović returned to Spain on 7 July 2014, joining second-level side Deportivo Alavés. They subsequently competed in the country's lower leagues, with Cádiz CF and Marbella FC.
International career
Despotović made their debut for Serbia in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifier against Kazakhstan, a 1–0 home success on 24 November 2007.
Career statistics
References
External links
Early career stats; at Srbijafudbal
National team data
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Loznica
Serbian footballers
Association football forwards
Serbian SuperLiga players
FK Loznica players
FK Vojvodina players
FK Mačva Šabac players
Liga I players
FC Rapid București players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Real Murcia players
UD Salamanca players
Girona FC players
Deportivo Alavés players
Cádiz CF players
Marbella FC players
J1 League players
Urawa Red Diamonds players
A-League Men players
Sydney FC players
Serbia international footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Blue Tent is a historic 19th century gold mining community located about six miles northeast of Nevada City, California.
Its approximate location is at the intersection of N. Bloomfield Road and Blue Tent School Road. It was part of Nevada Township.
Early history
The community
Blue Tent lies on a gold-bearing channel of an ancient river bed. The channel runs from the San Juan Ridge through Scotts Flat, California, Hunt's Hill, California, and You Bet, California to Dutch Flat, California and Placer County.
Blue Tent was established in 1850 and named after its first dwelling, a tent made of blue denim. The community thrived, becoming a center for hydraulic mining. Before long, it had its own store, dance hall, blacksmith shop, boarding house and other buildings. A non-denominational Union Church was erected in 1861.
Blue Tent also served as a supply base for the more remote mines in that part of Nevada County. The firm of Lindsay & Dick distributed supplies from Blue Tent by pack train. In 1853, a stagecoach line was started that connected Blue Tent with Nevada City and Downieville, California.
No accurate population figures are readily available. However, in the 1860 United States presidential election, 60 votes were cast in Blue Tent for candidates Abraham Lincoln, 15 for Stephen A. Douglas and 33 for John C. Breckinridge. This suggests a total population at that time in the range of 3-500.
A school was established in 1868. In 1879, the Blue Tent school district had 37 students, of whom 20 were boys, and one female teacher. The schoolhouse was originally close to the N. Bloomfield Road. In 1892, it was moved to its present location on what is now Blue Tent School Road. The school continued to serve the community until 1961, though there were times when the school was closed due to lack of a teacher.
Blue Tent had its own "Chinatown", located near the lime kiln about two miles south of the Yuba River. Over 500 Chinese workers, most of them miner, inhabited the community. However, these workers were eventually fired, due to pressure from white miners and the local community.
In 1878, Blue Tent was connected to the world's first long distance telephone line, established in 1878 to link the mining communities around the San Juan Ridge. A US Post Office branch was established in 1878. David Hughes, Superintendent of the Blue Tent Mining Company, was the first postmaster. The post office closed in 1889.
For recreation, residents of Blue Tent participated in ice skating when the reservoir above the town froze, horse racing, and balls at the St. Louis House. They could also take Hydrotherapy from Mrs. Stone, described as "a lady of rare capability… thoroughly versed" in the art of hydropathy. At the same time, Blue Tent had its share of robberies, and arson.
Other businesses in Blue Tent
Though known as a center for hydraulic mining, there was also drift mining around Blue Tent. In one reported instance, Weston, Holmes and Co set off a blast of 304 kegs of black powder inside a tunnel that ran 65 feet into a hill.
Hydraulic mining required large amounts of water. A ditch bringing water from Rock Creek was built by the South Yuba Canal Company in 1857 and significantly enlarged in 1860 to accommodate the growing mines.
Mining also required lumber. J. N. Turner erected a sawmill in 1857. Other sawmills were built by the Cooper brothers, Roberts and Brewer. In addition, near Brewer's sawmill, was Prosper's charcoal pit, charcoal being often used as a coal substitute.
The ditch, and the reservoir it created, gave rise to another local industry, Ice cutting. In 1867, the Nevada Ice Co. began harvesting blocks of ice and shipping them throughout the California. Ice was harvested as late as 1910. Blue Tent also had its own lime kiln, producing a kind of mortar used in construction.
Hydraulic mining reached its heyday in the 1870s. The principal mine was the Blue Tent Gold Mining Company, which produced $780,00 in gold in 1873 alone. Between 1874 and 1876, the Blue Tent Mining and Water Company spent $160,000 constructing a ditch to bring water from far up the South Yuba River. At the head of the ditch was a four and a half mile flume, below which was a 1000 foot long tunnel. By 1880, the ditch was 30 miles long.
End of hydraulic mining
Like the other communities in the region that depended on hydraulic mining, Blue Tent began to decline following the 1884 Sawyer decision. A farmer near Sacramento had sued the major mining company in state court to stop it from discharging mining debris into the Yuba River. This debris was destroying farmland downstream. By the early 1890s, the Blue Tent mine was closed.
Subsequently, the mine was operated until 1906 as a drift mine. In 1907, the Blue Tent mine, renamed the Channel mine, was reopened to resume hydraulicing. Soon thereafter, the miners went on strike, seeking an eight-hour work day. The mine closed in 1916 and about a year later a fire destroyed its 20 stamp mill. The uninsured loss was estimated at $15,000.
There were other efforts to resume mining. To help, in 1914, the road between Nevada City and Blue Tent was improved, cutting the distance by a mile. In 1909, there was what one newspaper described as an "extremely rich" ore discovery at the Native Son mine. Efforts were also made to resume hydraulic mining, in 1914 by D. A. Campbell, and in 1918 by Eleanor Hoeft, who sought a permit to contain the debris so it would not enter the Yuba River, but these do not appear to have succeeded.
Agriculture
As mining declined in Blue Tent, agriculture started taking over. Two prominent families in the Blue Tent area were the Arbogasts and the Brindejohns. Jacob Arbogast came to Nevada County around 1860 and mined around Blue Tent. They bought 160 acres of land, which they first mined and later farmed. Their son John Peter took over the family ranch, expanded to 360 acres, and became a successful farmer. The Brindejohns, natives of Brittany in France, arrived in Blue Tent around 1864. Louis Brindejohn acquired 400 acres of land, which they farmed. Their three sons, Louis, Eugene and Paul attended the Blue Tent school and jointly managed the family farm.
Blue Tent today
Today, the Blue Tent district is a rural, largely residential area. The only substantial evidence of the former mining district is the Blue Tent school, which remains at the site to which it was moved in 1892. It has been converted to a private residence..
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Mining communities of the California Gold Rush
Former populated places in California
1850 establishments in California
Chad Damian Robinson (20 October 1980 – 26 November 2016) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer. Robinson spent several years in Australia's National Rugby League with the Parramatta Eels and the Sydney Roosters and a season with Super League side Harlequins RL.
Robinson had been reported missing on 26 November 2016, but less than a month later on 22 December 2016, they were found dead in their car.
Playing career
Having won the 2002 NRL Premiership, Robinson traveled to England to play the 2003 World Club Challenge against Super League champions, St Helens R.F.C. Robinson played from the interchange bench in Sydney's victory. They played from the interchange bench for the Roosters in the 2003 NRL grand final which they lost to the Penrith Panthers. Robinson played for the Sydney Roosters from the interchange bench in their 2004 NRL grand final loss to cross-city rivals, Canterbury-Bankstown.
In 2005, Robinson joined Parramatta and played 20 games as the club won the minor premiership. Parramatta went into the finals series as one of the favourites to take out the 2005 premiership but lost 29-0 to North Queensland in the preliminary final in a shock upset. Robinson subsequently played in Parramatta's finals campaigns in 2006 and in 2007 which saw the club reach the 2007 preliminary final against Melbourne. Robinson's last year at Parramatta saw the club fail to reach the finals and they departed the side at the end of 2008.
Personal life
Robinson is the older brother of former Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks player Tim Robinson. They were reported missing at about 7:30 PM on 26 November 2016. On 22 December 2016, Robinson was found dead inside a crashed car by electrical workers in a gorge in the outer Sydney suburb of Kenthurst. Their death was later determined to be a suicide.
See also
List of solved missing person cases
References
External links
1980 births
2010s missing person cases
2016 deaths
Australian rugby league players
Formerly missing people
London Broncos players
Missing person cases in Australia
New South Wales City Origin rugby league team players
Parramatta Eels players
Road incident deaths in New South Wales
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Sydney
Rugby league second-rows
Sydney Roosters players
George Rust (1788–1857) was an American soldier, plantation owner and Virginia politician.
George Rust may also refer to:
George Rust (bishop) (died 1670), English Anglican bishop
George W. Rust (1815–1888), American Civil War physician and politician
The Vitiligo Research Foundation (VRF) is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization focused on the human skin disease, vitiligo.
Main initiatives
Initiatives established or supported by the VRF include a Vitiligo BioBank and CloudBank, sponsorship of World Vitiligo Day, a World Vitiligo Map of vitiligo research centers, patient support groups, and related healthcare providers, and an initiative to facilitate crowdfunding of small related research efforts.
History, governance, and funding
The Vitiligo Research Foundation was founded in 2010 by Russian entrepreneur Dmitry Aksenov, whose daughter suffers from vitiligo, after they concluded that there was a lack of research into the disease. It is managed by a small team of permanent staff, and led by a Board of Directors (Torello Lotti, Professor, Dermatology Division, Marconi University, chair). A Scientific Advisory Board advises on scientific issues. The VRF's Public Advisory Board advises the Foundation on aspects of living with vitiligo and how best to support those affected by the condition; it includes members such as reporter and author Lee Thomas. The VRF is entirely reliant on public donations, and receives no funding from governments or the pharmaceutical industry.
References
External links
Medical research organizations
Royal Air Force Turnhouse or more simply RAF Turnhouse is a former Royal Air Force Sector Station located in Edinburgh, Scotland. It is now Edinburgh Airport.
History
The following units were here at some point:
First World War
No. 26 Reserve Squadron
No. 26 Training Squadron
No. 73 Training Squadron
No. 84 (Canadian) Reserve Squadron
No. 89 (Canadian) Reserve Squadron
Squadrons
Units
Current use
The site is now Edinburgh Airport.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Royal Air Force stations in Scotland
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
On July 2, 1815, Representative-elect Amos Ellmaker (DR) of resigned after being appointed and commissioned president judge of the Twelfth Judicial District of Pennsylvania, composed of the counties of Dauphin, Lebanon, and Schuylkill, and before the 14th Congress' first session began. A special election was held on October 10, 1815 to fill the vacancy left by their resignation.
Election results
Wallace took their seat on December 4, 1815 at the start of the 1st session of the 14th Congress.
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Pennsylvania 1815 03
Pennsylvania 1815 03
1815 03
Pennsylvania 03
United States House of Representatives 03
United States House of Representatives 1815 03
Imma microsticta is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1897. It is found in Assam, India.
The wingspan is about 22 mm. Adults are similar to Moca purpurascens, but are browner. The head is brown with some yellow on the frons and palpi. The forewings have two small yellow postmedial spots on the costa. The hindwings have the yellow beyond the cell not extending above vein 4. The underside is without the yellow costal fascia.
References
Moths described in 1897
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The Oud Limburgs Schuttersfeest (abbreviated as OLS, literally translated Old Limburgian Shooters' Festival) is an annual shooting tournament during which shooting associations (Dutch: schutterijen; Limburgian: sjötterie) from across the region of Limburg, nowadays split in a Dutch and Belgian part, compete against each other. The winner organizes the event the following year and takes home "De Um", the highest prize for a shooter (schutter). The 2022 winner is Sint Martinus from Born.
Each schutterij, or shooting association participates in the tournament with 6 members. Utilising an approximately 15 kg. carbine, with self-made bullets of lead, participants are required to shoot square blocks (called bölkes) from a stick. This is to be executed across 20 meters of distance.
Ten "schutter" unions unite approximately 170 schutterij guilds, with a total of approximately 10,000 members in the Netherlands and Belgium.
The OLS is recognised and protected as Intangible cultural heritage of Flanders and the Netherlands.
References
website of the Oud Limburgse Schuttersfederatie
List of Schutterijen
Historical reenactment groups
Limburgian culture
Culture of Limburg (Netherlands)
Shooting sports in the Netherlands
Articles containing video clips
Margarete Henriette Therese Roßkopf-Bäumer (26 May 1898 – December 1969) was a German operatic soprano.
Life
Born in Düsseldorf, Bäumer trained their soprano voice in Düsseldorf and Cologne and made their debut in 1920 at the Stadttheater Barmen (later Opernhaus Wuppertal). After stations in Düsseldorf, Zurich, Stuttgart, Berlin (Städtische Oper Berlin), Nuremberg and Mannheim, they came to the Opernhaus Leipzig in 1934, where they quickly became a darling of the public and then worked as a leading dramatic soprano until 1953. At the same time, they had engagements at the Bavarian State Opera (1934-1937) and at the Wrocław Opera.
At the Staatsoper Stuttgart, Bäumer switched to the dramatic repertoire in the mid-1920s and from then on was increasingly celebrated as a Wagner singer. On the occasion of an engagement at the German Grand Opera Society in New York, they performed on tour on all major North American stages. Innumerable guest performances at the opera houses of Europe followed in addition to their regular engagements. Thus they sang - mainly in Wagnerian roles - in Vienna (Staatsoper), Brussels, Dresden (Staatsoper), Basel, Geneva, Paris, Barcelona, Zurich, Prague, Riga, Copenhagen, Amsterdam, Venice, Palermo and Turin. They appeared at the Munich Opera Festival in 1935 (as Elektra) and 1936 (as Brünnhilde), and at the Sopot International Song Festival in 1938 (as Brünnhilde).
Although Bäumer continued to perform from 1954 onwards (in 1960 for the last time in Leipzig), from that year on, they were mainly a professor at the Academy of Music in Leipzig. In 1967 they moved to Inning am Ammersee in the Federal Republic of Germany, where they died in 1969 at the age of 72.
Even during their lifetime, Bäumer was considered one of the most important Wagner singers of their generation. New releases of historical recordings and MP3 releases on music portals still bear witness to this today.
Recordings
Richard Wagner: Tristan und Isolde, Gewandhausorchester Leipzig conducted by Franz Konwitschny, mit Margarete Bäumer. recorded in Leipzig 1950, 3-CD-Box, Preiser/Naxos 2001
Richard Wagner: Tannhäuser, Complete recording, choir and orchestra of the Bavarian State Opera conducted Robert Heger, with Margarete Bäumer, recorded in Munich 1951, 3-CD-Box, Membran 2006 and 3-CD-Box Preiser/Naxos 2002
Richard Strauss: Der Rosenkavalier, complete recording, choir of the Dresden State Opera and Staatskapelle Dresden under Rudolf Kempe, with Margarete Bäumer and others, recorded in Dresden 21-23 December 1950; 3-CD-Box, Gala, 2007, GL 100.633
ABC der Gesangskunst. Historisches Gesangslexikon Teil 1 (Doppel-CD), Cantus-Line DA-Music, Diepholz 2002
Great Singers Sing Wagner, among others with Margarete Bäumer, 10-CD-Box, Membran Documents 2003
Four German Sopranos of the Past, Margarete Bäumer, Emmy Bettendorf, Karion Branzell, Irene Eisinger. Margarete Bäumer singan: Du kennst nun den Frevler (Don Juan) and Siegmund, sieh auf mich (Walküre), Preiser Records, Vienna 2006
Margarete Bäumer. With arias from Tannhäuser, Götterdämmerung, Tiefland, Don Giovanni and Fidelio Hamburger Archiv für Gesangskunst, Hamburg 2007
References
External links
German operatic sopranos
University of Music and Theatre Leipzig faculty
1898 births
1969 deaths
Musicians from Düsseldorf
Imma stilbiota is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1903. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is about 30 mm. The forewings are deep purplish fuscous, minutely irrorated (sprinkled) throughout with bluish-white scales and with an obscure blackish mark at one-third from the base, in the middle. An oblique blackish fascia is found from the inner margin at two-thirds to the posterior end of the cell and there is a row of blackish marks along the termen. The hindwings are dark smoky fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1903
Immidae
Moths of Australia
Mirnov may refer to:
Igor Mirnov, Russian ice hockey player
Mirnov oscillations, a type of magnetic field oscillation that is observed in a plasma
Surnames of Russian origin
Vidim may refer to:
Vidim (Mělník District), a municipality and village in the Czech Republic
Vidim, Russia, an urban-type settlement in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia
α-Pyrrolidinopentiothiophenone (also known as α-PVT) is a synthetic stimulant of the cathinone class that has been sold online as a designer drug. It is an analogue of α-PVP where the phenyl ring has been replaced by thiophene.
α-PVT was first identified in Japan in 2013. Its metabolism has been described in literature.
Side effects
α-PVT has been shown to possess high cytotoxicity against human cell lines.
Legality
Sweden's public health agency suggested classifying α-PVT as hazardous substance on November 10, 2014.
α-PVT is a controlled substance in China.
α-PVT is illegal in Switzerland .
See also
α-Pyrrolidinopropiophenone (α-PPP)
α-Pyrrolidinobutiophenone (α-PBP)
α-Pyrrolidinohexiophenone (α-PHP)
Methiopropamine
Naphyrone (O-2482)
Pyrovalerone (O-2371)
Thiopropamine
Thiothinone
References
Cathinones
Designer drugs
Norepinephrine–dopamine reuptake inhibitors
Pyrrolidines
Stimulants
Thiophenes
Marvin Edwin Bevan (July 6, 1935 – June 23, 2019) was a Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1960. They were the brother of Eddie Bevan of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
References
1935 births
2019 deaths
Sportspeople from Hamilton, Ontario
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Ottawa Rough Riders
Guthrie is an unincorporated community in Marshall Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
Guthrie was platted in 1866 and was named for a prominent family of pioneer settlers.
Geography
Guthrie is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Generally, countries of Britain can mean:
Countries of the United Kingdom
Countries of the British Empire
John Edward Tyrrell (December 7, 1900September 20, 1949) was an American film actor. They appeared in over 250 films between 1935 and 1947, known for their numerous appearances in the Three Stooges, in a total of 28 shorts with Curly Howard as a third stooge.
Career
Tyrrell was 16 years old when they became involved in vaudeville, part of the team Tyrrell and Mack. Like many actors in the Stooge comedies, Tyrrell was a salaried contract player. The Columbia stock company was called upon to play incidental roles in practically everything the studio produced: important films, low-budget "B" pictures, short subjects, and serials. (Some of these players graduated to stardom, like Lloyd Bridges, Bruce Bennett, Adele Mara and Ann Doran.) John Tyrrell worked steadily at Columbia Pictures from 1935 to 1946 for 11 years. Occasionally, only Tyrrell's voice would be used, as a radio newsman, public-address announcer, or police-call dispatcher. Tyrrell and fellow stock player Eddie Laughton often appeared together in Columbia movies (frequently as mobsters waiting in a getaway car). One of Tyrrell's biggest roles was probably in the 1939 serial Mandrake the Magician, in which they played a masked crime lord's right-hand man. Modern viewers will also remember them in several shorts of The Three Stooges, such as A Plumbing We Will Go as Judge Hadley, B.O. Davis/Lone Wolf Louie in So Long Mr. Chumps, In the Sweet Pie and Pie as the maître d', Williams, Mr. Dill in Dizzy Detectives, and other of their 28 appearances in the Three Stooges, all of them with Curly Howard.
Death
Tyrrell's final appearance with the Three Stooges was in Uncivil War Birds (1946). After spending several months at Kingsbridge Veteran's Hospital in the Bronx, New York, possibly due to some of their health problems, John Tyrrell died of complications from pneumonia on September 20, 1949, at age 48.
Selected filmography
The Public Menace (1935) - Photographer (uncredited)
Three Little Beers (1935)
Too Tough to Kill (1935) - Henchman (uncredited)
If You Could Only Cook (1936) - Reporter (uncredited)
Dangerous Intrigue (1936) - Clerk (uncredited)
The Music Goes 'Round (1936 film)
Pride of the Marines (1936 film) (1936) - Sergeant (uncredited)
Mr. Deeds Goes to Town (1936) - Reporter (uncredited)
Devil's Squadron (1936) - Mechanic (uncredited)
Bullets or Ballots (1936) - Red (uncredited)
Three Smart Girls (1936)
Counterfeit Lady (1936)
It Happened in Hollywood (1937)
Motor Madness (1937)
The Frame-Up (1937)
West of Cheyenne (1938)
Call of the Rockies (1938)
Smashing the Spy Ring (1939)
We Want Our Mummy (1939) - Thug in Egyptian garb
Mandrake the Magician (1939)
Three Little Sew and Sews (1939)
The Man They Could Not Hang (1939)
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939)
Scandal Sheet (1939)
The Taming of the West (1939)
Thundering Frontier (1940)
You Nazty Spy! (1940)
A Plumbing We Will Go (1940)
Nutty but Nice (1940)
From Nurse to Worse (1940)The Secret Seven (1940)
No Census, No Feeling (1940)
Boobs in Arms (1940)
The Face Behind The Mask (1941)
So Long Mr. Chumps (1941)
All the World's a Stooge (1941)
In the Sweet Pie and Pie (1941)
Some More of Samoa (1941)
Loco Boy Makes Good (1942)
What's the Matador? (1942)
Stand By All Networks (1942)
Tramp, Tramp, Tramp (1942)
Three Smart Saps (1942)
They Stooge to Conga (1943)
Dizzy Detectives (1943)
A Gem of a Jam (1943)
Sergeant Mike (1944)
Crash Goes the Hash (1944)
Busy Buddies (1944)
Sailor's Holiday (1944)
Gents Without Cents (1944)
No Dough Boys (1944)
If a Body Meets a Body (1945) - The Lawyer (uncredited)
Booby Dupes (1945)
Micro-Phonies (1945)
Rough, Tough and Ready (1945)
Uncivil War Birds (1946) (Final appearance in the Three Stooges)
Night Editor (1946) - Street Sweeper Driver (uncredited)
The Phantom Thief (1946) - Police Patrolman (uncredited)
The Walls Came Tumbling Down (1946) - Grave Digger (uncredited)
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (1947) - Department Head (uncredited)
Best Man Wins'' (1948) - Dock Officer (Final film role)
References
External links
1900 births
1949 deaths
American male film actors
Burials at Hollywood Forever Cemetery
20th-century American male actors
Deaths from pneumonia in New York City
Colton Harris Moore (born March 22, 1991) is an American former fugitive. They were charged with the theft of hundreds of thousands of dollars in property, including several small aircraft, boats, and multiple cars, all committed while still a teenager.
They fled to the Bahamas on July 4, 2010, allegedly in a plane stolen from Bloomington, Indiana. They were indicted on July 6, 2010, by a U.S. Federal Court in Seattle, Washington, on charges of transporting another stolen aircraft in that state. Moore, still only 19, was arrested in Harbour Island, Bahamas, on July 11, 2010, after police shot out the engine of the boat in which they were attempting to flee. Two days later, they were extradited from Nassau, Bahamas, to Miami, Florida, and transferred on July 21 to the Federal Detention Center, SeaTac in Washington. On December 16, 2011, Moore was sentenced to more than seven years in prison for dozens of consolidated charges brought against them from three different counties. On January 27, 2012, they were sentenced to six and a half years for related federal crimes.
They became known as the "Barefoot Bandit" by reportedly committing some of their crimes barefoot, once leaving behind 39 chalk footprints and the word "c'ya!". Despite the widely reported nickname, officials said that they more often wore shoes.
On September 28, 2016, Moore was released from prison on parole.
Background
Colton Harris Moore was born in Mount Vernon, Washington and grew up in their mother's house on Camano Island. Neighbors said they made several calls to Child Protective Services, believing they were neglected or abused. Their father, Gordon, used drugs and was in prison while Moore was a toddler. When they were twelve years old, their father walked into the woods after an argument at a family barbecue, was subsequently arrested and not heard from again. (It is currently unknown if Gordon is still alive) According to their mother, Pamela Kohler, their stepfather died when they were about seven years old, and from the time Moore was in the first grade, they knew there was "something off about him" – "sort of disconnection". They wouldn't listen to their teachers, started altercations at school, and would sometimes deliberately break things around the house. According to a court-ordered psychiatric evaluation, Moore said that their mother drank and became mean, breaking their possessions.
They started living in the wild at the age of seven, and would break into vacation homes in the area, stealing blankets, food and water before disappearing into the forest for days. Their first conviction for stolen property came at age 12, and by the time they were 13, they had three more. They have been diagnosed with depression, attention deficit disorder and intermittent explosive disorder. Each conviction brought a 10-day stay in a detention center, or community service. Their mother once said, "Every time they had anything any good, everyone thought they stole it. What does that do to a kid?" In 2003, police found a neighbor's camcorder in their home. Never before sentenced to more than a month, they fled a three-year sentence by walking out of a halfway house in April 2008.
Suspected offenses
Moore is suspected of being responsible for approximately 100 thefts in Washington, Idaho, and Canada, including bicycles, automobiles, light aircraft, and speedboats. It is believed that they learned how to fly small planes by reading aircraft manuals, handbooks, watching a "How to fly a small airplane" DVD, and playing flight simulator computer games. One plane they stole was a Cessna 182, FAA registration number N24658, belonging to then KZOK-FM radio personality Bob Rivers, valued at over $150,000. The plane was later recovered from a Yakama Indian Reservation crash site. Though badly damaged, it was rebuilt and is in Florida.
According to local sheriffs, Moore would often slip into a home just to soak in a hot bath or steal ice cream from the freezer. While their thefts would escalate to increasing value in cash and property, they initially would steal only what they needed for living in the woods as a survivalist. Once, they allegedly used a homeowner's computer and credit card to order bear mace and a pair of $6,500 night vision goggles.
On May 30, 2010, police found a handwritten note and $100 at a veterinary clinic in Raymond, Washington, approximately southwest of Seattle. The note read:
In late June 2010, Moore was suspected of vehicle thefts stretching as far east as Illinois. The trail of suspected thefts attributed to them passes through Idaho, South Dakota, Nebraska, Iowa, and Illinois. Police found a 2008 white Toyota Sequoia in Norfolk, Nebraska, which was reported stolen in Yankton, South Dakota. Later that day, several burglaries were reported at Karl Stefan Memorial Airport, located south of where the SUV was abandoned. A truck owned by the town of Ottumwa, Iowa, was later recovered in Dallas City, Illinois. On July 4, 2010, a Cessna 400 single-engine plane was reported stolen from the Bloomington, Indiana, airport. It was later found crashed in the shoreline waters of Great Abaco Island in the Bahamas, again leading to speculation that Moore was responsible. Shortly afterward, there were several break-ins reported across the island.
On July 6, 2010, an indictment was released from a federal judge of the U.S. District Court of Western Washington, which was originally filed in December 2009. This indictment cites Moore for interstate transport of stolen property/airplane theft, related to a plane stolen from Bonners Ferry, Idaho that crashed outside of Granite Falls, Washington. The FBI placed a $10,000 bounty for information leading to their arrest, and federal agents believed that they were responsible for the recent Indiana theft.
Capture
On July 11, 2010, Moore was captured just before dawn at Harbour Island, Bahamas. Local officers picked up their trail in Eleuthera after recovering a 44-foot (13-meter) power boat stolen from a marina on Great Abaco. A police official said the suspect attempted to flee, but police shot out the engine on their stolen boat. Before being arrested, Moore threw their portable computer into the water and put a gun to their head, but the police talked them out of killing himself. They told the police that they intended to go to Cuba to throw authorities off their trail and from there to the Turks and Caicos Islands. Their mother had hoped that they would flee to a country that did not have an extradition treaty with the United States.
In March 2011, FBI Special Agent Fred Gutt confirmed the reward fund payout: "The $10,000 bounty money was paid out to people directly involved in (Moore's) capture." The reward money was split among Jordan Sackett, Capt. Ronald Billiot, Capt. Patrick Young, Capt. Ben Johnson and Kenny Strachan, a security guard at the Romora Bay Resort.
Criminal proceedings
Moore pleaded guilty on July 13, 2010, to illegal entry to the Bahamas and illegally landing a plane. They were sentenced to three months in jail or a $300 fine. Their mother wired the money to the U.S. Embassy in Nassau, which in turn paid the fine. They were deported the same day via overnight commercial flight, accompanied by Bahamian authorities and United States agents of the FBI to Miami, Florida. On July 14, Moore appeared before U.S. Magistrate Robert Dube to determine their legal representation, which had been hired on their behalf by their mother.
In a hearing on July 16, 2010, in the U.S. District Court of Southern Florida, Judge Dube ruled that Moore would be sent to Washington state to face charges there first because they were arrested under their warrant. Moore waived their right to an extradition hearing. They were held at the Federal Detention Center in Miami until July 21, when they were transferred by the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System to the Federal Detention Center in SeaTac, Washington. They were required to wear handcuffs and leg irons while being transported to Washington. A federal judge at the U.S. District Court of Western Washington in Seattle set a November 15 deadline for prosecutors to have Moore formally indicted by a federal grand jury. However, Moore waived their right to a speedy trial, permitting both the defense and the prosecution more time to prepare for the case. On November 18, 2010, Moore pleaded not guilty in federal court to charges of interstate transportation of a stolen plane, boat and gun, and of being a fugitive in possession of a firearm and flying a plane without a pilot's license.
On September 30, 2010, Harley-Davidson Ironwing, a self-described associate of Moore's burglaries, pleaded guilty to assault and was sentenced to 18 months in prison.
On June 17, 2011, federal prosecutors recommended that Moore be sentenced to six years in prison. Moore pleaded guilty to all seven counts on the federal indictment. The Washington State Court, however, recommended that they be sentenced to 10 years in prison for a break-in and burglary near Granite Falls, Washington.
At sentencing, prosecutors were expected to ask for a term of 9½ years, while Moore's attorneys, John Henry Browne and Emma Scanlan, were expected to ask for a 6-year term, citing psychiatric and mitigation reports describing their bleak childhood.
On December 16, 2011, Moore was sentenced in Island County court to more than seven years in prison. Superior Court Judge Vickie Churchill stated, "This case is a tragedy in many ways, but it's a triumph of the human spirit in other ways." Describing Moore's childhood as a "mind numbing absence of hope," they stated the 20-year-old was genuinely remorseful for their crimes. Moore has said that they plan to spend their time in prison studying in preparation for applying to college in order to earn a degree in aeronautical engineering.
On January 27, 2012, Judge Richard Jones of Federal District Court in Seattle sentenced Moore to six and a half years in prison for their infamous international crime spree. During sentencing Moore addressed the court and U.S. Judge Richard Jones, saying that it is "no stretch of the imagination to say that I'm lucky to be alive." Their federal sentence will be served jointly with state prison time.
In July 2016, Moore was released on probation to a halfway house near Seattle. Moore has reportedly secured a job at their defense attorney's Seattle law firm, doing "low-level clerical work". Their efforts to raise money via social media to fund flight school training were vetoed by their parole officer, who said any money raised must go toward the $129,000 in restitution that they owe their victims.
"Barefoot Bandit"
Moore became known as the "Barefoot Bandit" or as the "Barefoot Burglar", for reportedly committing some of their crimes while barefoot. In Fall 2009, police found footprints at an airport hangar in Bonners Ferry, Idaho; a Cessna 182 stolen from there crash-landed approximately to the west near Granite Falls, Washington, after a few unsuccessful attempts to land at the small airport there. Police in the San Juan Islands also found cartoonish, chalk outlines of feet drawn upon the floor of a grocery store that was broken into in February 2010. Moore became an internet sensation with a Facebook fan page drawing about 60,000 members. A local Seattle man started selling T-shirts bearing Moore's picture with the words "Momma Tried". Local people from Camano Island also attempted to vent their frustrations through a song, as well as a blog which included the sale of merchandise and accepted donations to purchase the services of a bounty hunter.
In April 2010, 20th Century Fox purchased the film rights to the book The Barefoot Bandit: The True Tale of Colton Harris-Moore, New American Outlaw, by Bob Friel. Moore's mother has retained celebrity lawyer Yale Lewis to seek control of entertainment interests related to their son. They have also hired John Henry Browne to handle their son's criminal defense. Under a plea deal Moore agreed to forfeit any profits from selling publishing rights to their story.
The Barefoot Bandit Documentary (which premiered at Friday Harbor Film Festival on November 7, 2014, filmmaker Carly Bodmer) explores the childhood and time that Moore spent evading the law. Pam Kohler (Colton's mother), the FBI, lawyer John Henry Browne, and a range of personalities from Moore's hometown to the Bahamas piece together why they did what they did.
A 2014 Canadian documentary about Moore called Fly Colt Fly: Legend of the Barefoot Bandit was made by brothers Adam and Andrew Gray, showing how the mythic story evolved in the media and how Moore became a 21st century outlaw folk hero.
In December 2015, Moore began publishing a blog which has since been taken down. Their stated intent was to break their long-standing silence, and to voice their support for presidential candidate Donald Trump.
References
External links
Letter from Pamela A. Kohler, mother of Colton Harris-Moore– filed with Island County, Washington Court (June 27, 2007) ()
Letter from Sandra E. Puttnam, aunt of Colton Harris-Moore– filed with Island County, Washington Court (June 27, 2007) ()
Official site for Fly Colt Fly: Legend of the Barefoot Bandit documentary
Bob and the Barefoot Bandit - Snap Judgment #518, "Desperate Measures" (Audio story)
THE BAREFOOT BANDIT: The True Tale of Colton Harris-Moore, New American Outlaw by Bob Friel (Book)
1991 births
American escapees
American outlaws
American people convicted of burglary
American people convicted of theft
Fugitives
Living people
People extradited from the Bahamas
People extradited to the United States
People from Camano, Washington
People from Mount Vernon, Washington
Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
Frederick Charles Loofbourow (February 8, 1874 – July 8, 1949) was a U.S. Representative from Utah.
Born in the Atlantic, Iowa, Loofbourow was educated in the common schools of Iowa.
They moved with their parents to Utah in 1889.
They were graduated from the Ogden Military Academy, Ogden, Utah, in 1892, and from the law department of the University of California at Berkeley in 1896.
They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Salt Lake City, Utah.
They served as district attorney of the third judicial district of Utah 1905-1911, and district judge 1911-1916.
They resumed the practice of law.
Loofbourow was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Elmer O. Leatherwood and on the same day was elected to the Seventy-second Congress and served from November 4, 1930, to March 3, 1933.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress and for election in 1934 to the Seventy-fourth Congress.
They resumed the practice of law in Salt Lake City, until their retirement.
They died in Salt Lake City, July 8, 1949.
Their remains were cremated and the ashes scattered.
Sources
1874 births
1949 deaths
UC Berkeley School of Law alumni
District attorneys in Utah
Utah state court judges
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
People from the Atlantic, Iowa
Lawyers from Salt Lake City
Hallelujah! I'm a Bum is the seventh studio album by Chicago-based rock band Local H. Interviews with the band have revealed that it is a concept album based on politics in the United States. Although the album was completed in spring of 2012, the band chose to release it in September as to be closer to the 2012 presidential election. The album makes frequent use of the sounds of the El Train in Chicago to transition songs.
The album's title is inspired by the Al Jolson film of the same name.
The song "Look Who's Walking on Four Legs Again" is performed by Scott Lucas's second band Scott Lucas and the Married Men.
Track listing
Personnel
Scott Lucas – guitar, vocals, bass, synthesizer, organ
Brian St. Clair – drums
Dave Lugo, Felix Pinero, and Mike Grogan - Additional vocals on tracks 4 and 9.
Jeb Bishop - Trombone on Track 11.
Bruce Lamont - Trombone on Track 11, Saxophone on Track 14.
Dave Rempis - Saxophone on Track 11.
Jamie Branch - Trumpet on Track 11.
Sanford Parker - Recording and Mixing
Andy Gerber - Additional Mixing
Collin Jordan - Mastering
Charts
References
2012 albums
Concept albums
Local H albums
Political music albums by American artists
2012 United States presidential election in popular culture
Takunda Mafika (31 October 1983 – 12 October 2011) was a Zimbabwean musician and teacher living in Harare, Zimbabwe.
Career as a musician and teacher
Takunda Mafika played the Mbira, an African music instrument, famous among the Shona people of Zimbabwe.
They taught the mbira to individuals, local schools and colleges and held numerous workshops and performances in Zimbabwe, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Italy, Poland and Namibia.
With their band they founded, called Tru Bantu, they recorded the album Dzimwe Nguva, that has sold both locally and internationally. They had been working with many well known Zimbabwean artists like Willom Tight, Chiwoniso, Alexio, Mafriq, Sebede, Sam & Selmor Mtukudzi, among others. Takunda Mafika was also the co-founder and manager of the Mbira Society Zimbabwe. Takunda ( nicknamed TK) was a former Junior Governor in the year 2000's Children's Parliament. They had a degree in Music and Musicology earned from the Midlands State University in Zimbabwe.
Since 2009 Taku worked as a UNESCO Schools coordinator within the framework of education for sustainable development.
In 2010 Taku was invited to join an international music tour organized by the Jesuit Mission Nuremberg, Germany, along with musicians from Europe, Asia, South America and Africa.
Social activism
Through their music and activities Taku often addressed social issues in Zimbabwe as well as subjects of democracy and freedom. They were a known advocate for a peaceful and sustainable development in Zimbabwe.
Apart from their commitment as a UNESCO teacher they were the country coordinator for The Global Experience, an international NGO based in Münster, Germany. They were invited on numerous occasions to Germany to participate in conferences and trainings in matters of youth participation, intercultural learning and media competency.
Death
Taku was taken to hospital after suffering from a stroke on 1 October 2011. They initially showed signs of recovering from a brain operation on 7 October, but their condition rapidly declined during the night of 11 October. Taku died during the early hours of 12 October 2011. Taku is survived by a daughter who stays in Chivhu, their home town.
References
External links
Takunda Mafika's website
1983 births
2011 deaths
Zimbabwean musicians
People from Harare
The Capture of Tiberias took place on 25 September 1918 during the Battle of Sharon which together with the Battle of Nablus formed the set piece Battle of Megiddo fought between 19 and 25 September in the last months of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of the First World War. During the cavalry phase of the Battle of Sharon the Desert Mounted Corps occupied the Esdraelon Plain (also known as the Jezreel Valley and the plain of Armageddon) 40–50 miles (64–80 km) behind the front line in the Judean Hills. One squadron from each of the 3rd and 4th Light Horse Brigades Australian Mounted Division attacked and captured Tiberias (on the western shore of the Sea of Galilee also known as Lake Tiberias), along with the Yildirim Army Group's Ottoman and German garrison.
The Tiberias garrison formed part of a rearguard stretching to Samakh and on to Deraa which was intended to cover the retreat of three Ottoman armies. They were set up to delay the advance of the Desert Mounted Corps of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force (EEF) after the British Empire infantry victories at the Battle of Tulkarm, Battle of Tabsor during the Battle of Sharon. These and other battles fought during the Battle of Nablus including the Third Transjordan attack, also part of the Battle of Megiddo, forced the retreat of the Ottoman Fourth, Seventh and Eighth Armies north towards Damascus.
Tiberias was captured by two squadrons of light horse, one from the 3rd Light Horse Brigade supported by armoured cars, and one from the 4th Light Horse Brigade after fighting the Battle of Samakh. The two squadrons converged on the town from the north–west and south respectively and took 100 prisoners. The remainder of the garrison retreated northwards to form a rearguard at Lake Hule with the survivors from the Samakh garrison. The next day the Australian Mounted Division and the 5th Cavalry Division pursued the Ottoman forces towards Damascus, paralleling the pursuit on the inland route begun by the 4th Cavalry Division a day earlier.
Background
Following the First Transjordan and the Second Transjordan attacks in March–April and April–May 1918, by the Egyptian Expeditionary Force (EEF), which had been responsible for the Sinai and Palestine Campaign since March 1916, its commander General Edmund Allenby ordered the occupation of the Jordan Valley. They also ordered the front line be extended across the Judean Hills to the Mediterranean. Most of the British infantry and Yeomanry cavalry regiments were redeployed to the Western Front to counter Ludendorff's German spring offensive and were replaced by British Indian Army infantry and cavalry. As part of re-organisation and training, these newly arrived soldiers carried out a series of attacks on sections of the Ottoman front line during the summer months. These attacks were aimed at pushing the front line to more advantageous positions in preparation for a major attack, and to acclimatise the newly arrived infantry. It was not until the middle of September that the consolidated force was ready for large-scale operations.
On 19 September, the XXI Corps commanded by Lieutenant General Edward Bulfin had, with the support of a creeping barrage, broken through the Ottoman front line to begin the Battle of Sharon. In the afternoon the XX Corps commanded by Lieutenant General Philip Chetwode was then ordered to begin the Battle of Nablus, supported by an artillery barrage. These infantry attacks by both the XX and XXI Corps, known as the Battle of Megiddo, continued until midday on 21 September, when a successful flanking attack by the XXI Corps, combined with the XX Corps assault, forced the Seventh and Eighth Armies to disengage. The Seventh Army retreated from the Nablus area towards the Jordan River, crossing at the Jisr ed Damieh bridge before the rearguard at Nablus was captured. The Desert Mounted Corps commanded by Lieutenant General Harry Chauvel advanced through the gap created by the XXI Corps infantry during the morning of 19 September to continue the Battle of Megiddo, almost encircling the Ottoman forces fighting in the Judean Hills, capturing Nazareth, Haifa, Afulah and Beisan, Jenin and Samakh before advancing to Tiberias. During this time, Chaytor's Force commanded by Major General Edward Chaytor captured part of the retreating Ottoman and German column at the capture of Jisr ed Damieh bridge to cut off this line of retreat across the Jordan River. To the east of the river, as the Fourth Army began its retreat, Chaytor's Force advanced to capture Es Salt on 23 September. Amman was captured on 25 September during the Second Battle of Amman where a strong Fourth Army rearguard was defeated on 25 September.
Tiberias is one of the Four Holy Cities of the Jews; the others being Jerusalem, Hebron and Safed. It is situated on the western shore of the Sea of Galilee, and is separated by a narrow plain from the Nazareth hills to the west. Tiberias was the seat of a Kaimmakam (district) within the Ottoman sanjak (prefecture) of Acre and had a population of about 8,600, including 7,000 Jews, many of whom were German-speaking immigrants from Poland. There were also 1,400 Muslims and 200 Christians living in the town, which was surrounded by ancient walls. At this time Tiberias was connected to southern Palestine via Nazareth by metalled roads and by an alternative route to Afulah via Beisan, which was also suitable for wheeled vehicles. The main road north from Tiberias to Damascus crossed the Jordan River at the bridge at Jisr Benat Yakub.
During the unsuccessful attack of the 5th Cavalry Division on Nazareth in the early morning of 20 September, the commander of the Yildirim Army Group commanding three Ottoman armies, Generalleutnant (comparable to a British Major General) Otto Liman von Sanders escaped to Damascus, travelling via Tiberias, Samakh and Deraa. They alerted the garrisons they passed to the advance of the EEF and ordered the establishment of a rearguard line. The line was to run from Deraa down the Yarmuk River Valley, across the Jordan River and west to Samakh, around the shore of the Sea of Galilee to Tiberias and northwards to Lake Huleh. Two main roads and the railway lines to Damascus, would be protected and time gained for the development of the defence of Damascus, if the garrisons were not defeated. Von Sanders and three senior Yildirim Army Group staff officers reached Tiberias during the afternoon of 20 September.
After the Ottoman and German garrison was captured at the Battle of Samakh in the early morning of 25 September, strong light horse patrols advanced eastwards from Samakh up the Yarmuk valley. The patrols found that every bridge over the Jordan River was in Ottoman hands and strongly guarded. One railway bridge was defended by 30 Ottoman troops with 60 German troops in a redoubt. The rugged Ain en Nimr mountain, above the Sea of Galilee and less than from its southern shore, was occupied by 500 Ottoman infantry supported by one artillery piece. Major General Henry Hodgson, commanding the Australian Mounted Division, ordered the light horse patrols back to Samakh and pushed westwards towards Tiberias.
Prelude
Early in the afternoon of 25 September, the Australian Mounted Division, less the 4th Light Horse Brigade which was at Samakh, departed Afulah. A regiment of the 3rd Light Horse Brigade, supported by two armoured cars from the 12th Light Armoured Motor Battery, was ordered to reconnoitre Tiberias, ahead of the division. The division concentrated at Kafr Kanna also known as Cana, about east of Nazareth at about 22:00. Meanwhile, a squadron of the 12th Light Horse Regiment of the 4th Light Horse Brigade advanced from Samakh along the shore of the Sea of Galilee towards Tiberias.
Battle
A squadron of the 8th Light Horse Regiment of the 3rd Light Horse Brigade, commanded by Major Lachlan Macpherson, left Nazareth at 05:00 on 25 September. They led the advance towards Tiberias along the main road, while troopers from the 10th Light Horse Regiment, also of the 3rd Light Horse Brigade, were ordered to the top of Mount Tabor. From this height, they could observe Macpherson's squadron and report on its progress to their brigade commander by heliograph.
When Macpherson's squadron reached the high ground an Ottoman patrol saw the light horsemen, but before they could alert the Tiberias garrison, they were quickly cut off and captured. By the time a squadron of the 12th Light Horse Regiment advancing from Semakh, reached the outskirts of Tiberias at 11:30, all approaches were held by squadrons of the 3rd Light Horse Brigade.
A troop with a Hotchkiss gun was ordered to the shore of the Sea of Galilee to the north of Tiberias, where they cut the garrison's only line of retreat.
Supported by two armoured cars of the Light Armoured Motor Battery, Macpherson decided to attack Tiberias without waiting for the rest of their brigade. While one of their troops rode into the town, the armoured cars closed in from the west, the squadron from the 8th Light Horse Regiment attacked from the north–west, and the squadron from the 12th Light Horse Regiment attacked from the south–west. During this coordinated attack the 12th Light Horse Regiment troops captured a machine gun post at the gallop. The town and 100 members of the Tiberias garrison were captured by 15:00, including 20 Germans and 13 machine guns.
The rest of Brigadier General Lachlan Wilson's 3rd Light Horse Brigade and Brigadier General William Grant's 4th Light Horse Brigade, arrived to occupy Tiberias, ending Liman von Sanders' attempt to delay the pursuit by the EEF.
Aftermath
As the rest of the 3rd Light Horse Brigade advanced to Tiberias, their left flank moved over the site of the 1187 AD Battle of Hattin. On 26 September, the 3rd Light Horse Brigade camped to the north of Tiberias, at Medjel on the shore of the Sea of Galilee. A squadron of the 9th Light Horse Regiment rode out at 12:30 to investigate reports of a considerable enemy force at Safed. By the time they arrived at 18:00, the force had withdrawn. Meanwhile, the 8th Light Horse Regiment restored order in the town and established guards on stores of grain while the remainder of the brigade rested after their night-time advance.
The loss of Tiberias ended Liman von Sanders' plans for a rearguard line extending from the Yarmuk via the Sea of Galilee and on to Lake Huleh. The remnants of the Tiberias and Samakh garrisons established a strong rearguard south of Lake Huleh, at Jisr Benat Yakub which was attacked and captured during the pursuit to Damascus.
Shortly after midnight on 26/27 September, Allenby issued orders for Chauvel's Desert Mounted Corps to continue the pursuit. The Australian Mounted Division in the Tiberias area, followed by the 5th Cavalry Division at Nazareth, were to advance along the main road to Damascus away, around the northern end of the Sea of Galilee via Quneitra. At 06:00 on 27 September, the 4th Light Horse Brigade left the village and arrived at Tiberias two hours later. They then received two days' supplies and one day's iron ration, which were to last until after breakfast on 29 September. At 10:00, they began the pursuit to Damascus.
Notes
Citations
References
Conflicts in 1918
1918 in British-administered Palestine
Battles of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign
Battles of World War I involving Australia
Battles of World War I involving the Ottoman Empire
Battles of World War I involving Germany
Aerial operations and battles of World War I
September 1918 events
Robert IV de Sablé (1150 − 23 September 1193) was Lord of Sablé, the eleventh Grand Master of the Knights Templar from 1191 to 1192 and Lord of Cyprus from 1191 to 1192. They were known of as the Grand Master of the Knights Templars and the Grand Master of the Holy and Valiant Order of Knights Templars.
Personal life
Sablé was born to a respected military family in Anjou and was "a leading Angevin vassal of the King". Their lordship was based in a cluster of lands in the River Sarthe valley, which they inherited in the 1160s. They married Clemence de Mayenne (died before 1209). They were succeeded in Anjou by their daughter Marguerite de Sablé, who by marriage passed the entire estate to William des Roches, also a knight of the Third Crusade. Robert died in the Holy Land on 23 September 1193. Although there are no exact records of their birth date, it is believed that they were relatively old at the time of their death compared to the average life expectancy of the 12th century.
Military record
Angevin Civil War
In 1173, Sablé supported Henry the Young King, heir apparent to the throne of the Kingdom of England and duchy of Normandy, in a revolt against their father Henry II during the Revolt of 1173-1174. The uprising was crushed but, Robert is believed to have remained in favour with the Angevin Kings, as Richard I would later be instrumental in their appointment as Grand Master. They contributed money to French monastic houses in 1190 as a way of making amends.
Third Crusade
According to the Itinerarium Regis Ricardi, Robert was one of the chosen leaders of the Crusading Fleet of Richard I that departed from Dartmouth in the spring of 1190. The fleet scattered in the sea of Bisquay a result of a storm and arrived at different times to the Portuguese port of Lisbon. One of these groups was involved in helping the Portuguese monarch Sancho I repeal an Almohad attack against the city of Santarem, while another went on a rampage against the local Jews and Muslims in the Christian controlled city of Lisbon. Robert arrived as the Portuguese monarch captured the misbehaved crusaders and was forced to swear an oath to control their forces while in Portuguese territory.
Despite only having a short tenure, Sablé's reign was filled with successful campaigning. Before their election as Grand Master, they led King Richard I's navy from England and Normandy to the Mediterranean, getting involved in the Reconquista in the passage. The combined might of Richard the Lionheart's strategy, seasoned troops, and the elite Templar knights scored many victories. During the Third Crusade, they laid siege to the city of Acre, which soon fell. Throughout August 1191, they also recaptured many fortresses and cities along the Levantine coast in the Eastern Mediterranean, which had been lost previously.
The new coalition's biggest success was the Battle of Arsuf, on 7 September 1191. Saladin's Muslim forces appeared to have become far stronger than the Christians, and a decisive victory was desperately needed. Pooling all of the crusaders' strength, the Knights Hospitaller joined the ranks, plus many knights from Sablé's native Anjou, Maine, and Brittany. They met Saladin's troops on the dry plains and soon broke their ranks. Those who stayed to fight were killed, and the remaining Islamic troops were forced to retreat.
Acquisition of Cyprus
At the end of 1191, Richard the Lionheart agreed to sell Cyprus to the Templars for 25,000 pieces of silver. Richard had plundered the island from the Byzantine forces of the tyrant Isaac Comnenus of Cyprus some months earlier and had no real use for it. The Hospitallers would later establish solid bases on the islands of Rhodes and Malta, but Sablé failed to do the same with the island of Cyprus. They were lord for two years, until they gave (or sold) the island to Guy de Lusignan, King of Jerusalem, as they were without a kingdom.
Sablé did manage to establish a Chieftain House of the Order in Saint-Jean d'Acre, which remained for almost a century.
Delayed election
At the time of Gerard de Ridefort's death, Sablé was not even a member of the Templar Order. However, the senior knights had become increasingly opposed to Masters fighting on the front line, and the capture and beheading of Grand Master Gerard de Ridefort became the final straw. They delayed elections for over a year so that the rules regarding active service of Grand Masters could be reviewed. During this hiatus, Sablé did join the order, just in time to be considered for election. When they were made Grand Master, they had been a Templar knight for less than a year. They died in 1193.
In popular culture
Robert de Sablé is the secondary antagonist in the 2007 video game Assassin's Creed.  They are the leader of the Knights Templar who are the main antagonists and are depicted as acting behind the scene on both sides of the holy war, to further their own ideological goals and to obtain the Piece of Eden. Al Mualim, the leader of the Assassins (and the game's main antagonist) orders Altaïr to kill Robert after eliminating their eight conspirators, which is depicted as taking place in 1191 at the battle of Arsuf. Maria Thorpe, their flight attendantess, later became Altaïr's wife.
References
Bibliography
Robert-De-Sable 161, the name lives on in the form of a Knights Templar preceptory in the United Kingdom of Great Britain. Freemasonry being the continuation of the original order. See sworn in secret for further reading.
External links
The Masters of the Templar Order: Robert de Sable
Grand Masters of the Knights Templar
Christians of the Third Crusade
Year of birth unknown
1193 deaths
People from Anjou
Robert
12th-century French people
1150 births
Lion's Head Lighthouse was a lighthouse on Georgian Bay, Ontario, Canada near the village of Lion's Head. A recent lighthouse was a replica built by local high school students. This was destroyed by several storms in the winter of 2019–2020.
History
The first lighthouse was a lantern, which emitted a red light, erected atop a pole on the outer end of the breakwater in 1903. In 1913 a wooden square tower with a balcony and lantern was built on the breakwater, but it was severely damaged by the wind, though it was repaired. The lighthouse was then damaged by fire in 1933, and the Canadian Coast Guard dismantled it in 1969. It was replaced by a metal pole which emitted a flashing red light.
In 1983 the students of the Bruce Peninsula District School completed a replica of the old wooden lighthouse with funds from the Lion's Head Rotary Club; the lighthouse was placed on the shoreline. A violent storm damaged the operating light in the spring of 2000, and the Canadian Coast Guard decided to replace it with the students' replica, which was moved to the end of the pier and activated.
The replica lighthouse was damaged from time to time by storms due to its precarious position. Some damage occurred in October 2019. The lake-facing wall of the lighthouse had cedar shakes ripped off and a hole punched through it. The shoreline of the nearby stone beach was altered by severe wave action.
A storm on January 11, 2020, destroyed the lighthouse and reduced it to a pile of scattered lumber by the morning of January 12. The lighthouse has since been replaced by one that is in a slightly different location. The replacement has also been built to a sturdier standard.
Keepers
Charles Knapp 1903–1912
Peter Webster Brady 1912–1924
Ivan Butchart 1924–1956
Ed Rouse 1956–1969
See also
List of lighthouses in Ontario
List of lighthouses in Canada
References
External links
Bruce County Lighthouses: Lion's Head
Aids to Navigation Canadian Coast Guard
Lighthouses completed in 1911
Lighthouses in Ontario
Buildings and structures in Bruce County
1911 establishments in Ontario
2020 disestablishments in Ontario
Lighthouses completed in 1983
Buildings and structures demolished in 2020
Demolished buildings and structures in Ontario
WVC CSKA Moscow was a Russian women's volleyball club. It played in the Super League. The club won 3 CEV Women's Champions Leagues.
In 2008, WVC CSKA Moscow was disbanded due to financial problems.
Titles
Domestic competitions
Soviet Union
USSR Championship (6)
1965, 1966, 1968, 1969, 1974, 1985
1938, 1962, 1972, 1973, 1977, 1979, 1982, 1987
1958, 1975, 1980, 1988
USSR Cup Winners (2)
1972, 1984
Russia
Russian Super League:
1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 2007
1992, 1993, 1998, 2000.
Russian Cup: 3
1998, 2001, 2005
International competitions
CEV Champions League: 3
1965-66, 1966-67, 1985-86
1967-68, 1968-69
Cup Winners Cup: 4
1972-73, 1973-74, 1987-88, 1997-98
1974-75
1988-89, 1995-96, 1996-97
Top Teams Cup:
2006-2007
Women's Top Volley International:1
1998 (December)
1995
External links
The official web-site of the club
WVC
Russian volleyball clubs
Volleyball clubs established in 1936
1936 establishments in Russia
Volleyball clubs disestablished in 2008
2008 disestablishments in Russia
Excalibur is an album by American guitarist and singer Tom Fogerty. Their second solo effort, it was released in 1972. The album features Jerry Garcia on guitar, Merl Saunders on keyboards, John Kahn on bass, and Bill Vitt on drums (Jerry and the band were all signed on the same label, Fantasy Records, for the albums Live at Keystone and its follow-ups).
Track listing
All songs written by Tom Fogerty, except where noted.
"Forty Years" – 3:40
"Black Jack Jenny" – 2:30
"Rocky Road Blues" – 3:56 (Bill Monroe)
"Faces, Places, People" – 3:55
"Get Funky" – 1:54
"Sick and Tired" – 4:20 (Chris Kenner, Dave Bartholomew)
"Sign of the Devil" – 2:37
"Straight and Narrow" – 3:48
"Next in Line" – 2:16
"(Hold On) Annie Mae" – 3:49
Personnel
Tom Fogerty – guitar, harmonica, vocals
Jerry Garcia – guitar
Merl Saunders – keyboards
John Kahn – bass
Bill Vitt – drums
References
1972 albums
Tom Fogerty albums
Fantasy Records albums
Haven't I Told You (a translation of the original title is Neli Ti Rekov) is a Macedonian film that was produced in Yugoslavia in 1984. It is based on real events in Macedonia during the Ottoman era.
The plot revolves around a number of Macedonian revolutionaries battling against a large Ottoman-Turkish Army. The film can be seen with English subtitles.
References
External links
Macedonia under the Ottoman Empire
1984 films
Macedonian drama films
Films set in the 1900s
Tonton Susanto (born September 24, 1972) is an Indonesian former professional racing cyclist.
Major results
1997
1st Stage 13 Tour de Filipinas
2001
2nd Overall Perlis Open
2002
2nd Time trial, Asian Road Championships
3rd Overall Tour of China
4th Time trial, Asian Games
2004
1st WCS seri ke XI di Solo
2005
1st Tour de Jakarta
2nd Time trial, Southeast Asian Games
2006
7th Overall Tour de East Java
10th Time trial, Asian Games
2007
Southeast Asian Games
2nd Time trial
9th Road race
2nd Overall Tour of Thailand
5th Time trial, Asian Road Championships
10th Overall Tour de East Java
2008
1st Overall Jelajah Malaysia
5th Overall Tour de East Java
1st Stage 1
7th Overall Tour de Indonesia
2009
7th Overall Tour de Langkawi
10th Overall Jelajah Malaysia
10th Overall Tour de Singkarak
2011
Southeast Asian Games
1st Time trial
7th Road race
2012
4th Overall Jelajah Malaysia
7th Overall Tour de Singkarak
7th Overall Tour de Borneo
10th Tour de Jakarta
2013
9th Overall Tour de Ijen
2015
7th Time trial, Southeast Asian Games
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Indonesian male cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Cyclists at the 2002 Asian Games
Cyclists at the 2006 Asian Games
Cyclists at the 2010 Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games medalists in cycling
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Indonesia
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Indonesia
Competitors at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Indonesia
Gorky 2: My Apprenticeship () is a 1939 Soviet drama film directed by Mark Donskoy.
Plot
Alyosha Peshkov goes to work with their uncle, a draftsman, then a dishwasher, after which they go to learn icon painting.  They are kind and honest in nature; they cannot accept the surrounding injustice and they are without housing.
Starring
Aleksei Lyarsky as Aleksei Peshkov (later, Maxim Gorky)
Irina Zarubina as Natalya, the washer-woman
Varvara Massalitinova as Akulina Ivanovna Kashirina
Ye. Lilina as Matriona Ivanovna
Ivan Kudryavtsev as Sergeyev, the son-in-law (as I. Kudryavtsev)
Nadezhda Berezovskaya as Ivanovna-Sergeyeva, daughter (as N. Berezovskaya)
Ye. Seleznyov as Viktor Ivanov, son
Darya Zerkalova as The Rich Woman With Books (segment "like Queen Margo") (as D. Zerkalova)
Aleksandr Timontayev as Smury, the cook (as A. Timontayev)
Mikhail Povolotsky as Sergei, the ship's waiter
References
External links
1939 films
1930s Russian-language films
Soviet black-and-white films
Soviet drama films
1939 drama films
Films set in Nizhny Novgorod
Donald Stanley Haldeman (May 29, 1947 – February 22, 2003) was an American sport shooter from Souderton, Pennsylvania. They competed and won a gold medal in the 1976 Summer Olympics, the third American shooter to win Olympic gold in Trapshooting. They served in the United States Army during the Vietnam War era.
References
1947 births
2003 deaths
American male sport shooters
United States Distinguished Marksman
Trap and double trap shooters
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in shooting
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
People from Souderton, Pennsylvania
Pan American Games medalists in shooting
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Shooters at the 1975 Pan American Games
United States Army soldiers
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
Pistacia khinjuk is a species of plant in the family Anacardiaceae native to Egypt, western Asia and parts of the Himalayas. The tree grows up to 10 metres. The epithet comes from the name for the plant in Balochistan, khinjuk ().
References
khinjuk
Flora of Egypt
Flora of Western Asia
Flora of the Indian subcontinent
The Hundred of Bews is a hundred in the County of Chandos, South Australia, established in 1894.
The only towns in the hundred are Lameroo.
History
The traditional owners of the land are the Ngargad Australian Aboriginal tribes. The explorer Edward John Eyre passed through the area during their 1940-1841 travels.
References
Bews
Bangkok, Thailand, has an extensive water transport system serving passengers crossing or travelling along the Chao Phraya River as well as certain canals.
The Chao Phraya Express Boat service is a water bus which carries passengers along the Chao Phraya, regularly serving thirty-four stops from Rat Burana to Nonthaburi.
The Smart Ferry is an electric water bus service that operates three routes across Bangkok and Nonthaburi
Ferries operate at thirty-two crossings of the Chao Phraya within Bangkok, as well as Nonthaburi and Samut Prakan Provinces.
Long-tail boats serve fifteen regular routes along the Chao Phraya.
The Khlong Saen Saep boat service travels along Saen Saep Canal, serving twenty-seven stops from Wat Si Bun Rueang to Phan Fa Lilat.
The Khlong Phra Khanong boat service serves thirteen stops along the Phra Khanong Canal from Iam Sombat to Phra Khanong.
The Khlong Phasi Charoen boat service travels along Phasi Charoen Canal.
The Rangsit Canal boat service travels along Rangsit Canal.
The 5.5 km klong Phadung Krungkasem boat service (old city).
In April 2014, the BMA initiated a trial service of passenger boats along Phasi Charoen Canal. The BMA is also considering developing passenger boat services along twenty-eight other canals following the six-month test run.
References
Ripple Windmill is a Grade II listed smock mill in Ringwould, Kent, England, that was built in Drellingore and moved to Ringwould in the early nineteenth century. Having been stripped of machinery and used as a television mast, it has been restored as a working windmill.
Description
Ripple Mill is a two-storey smock mill on a two-storey brick base. There is no stage. It has four single patent sails and a Kentish-style cap. The mill is winded by a fantail. The mill has three pairs of millstones, driven underdrift.
History
A windmill was marked on Robert Morden's map of 1695, a coastal map of Kent dated 1770 and the 1819-43 Ordnance Survey map. Ripple mill was built in the early nineteenth century at Drellingore, in the Hawkinge parish. When the mill was moved, it was sectioned by cutting the cant posts in half lengthways, and bolting them back together at the new site. One such cant post can still be seen in the mill. A girl was killed by being struck by one of the sails, which came close to the ground, circa 1834. In 1895, Trinity House contributed towards repairs to the mill, which was marked as a navigational landmark. The mill lost two sails in 1927 and worked after that on the other two sails, assisted by an oil engine. The mill was working during the Second World War but in 1947 the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings decided not to issue an appeal to restore the mill due to a lack of local support. In 1955, the mill was acquired by Rediffusion Ltd and stripped of machinery. The smock was festooned with aerials and used as a television relay station. Rediffusion sold the mill in 1976. The new cap was placed on the mill in 1994, with the windshaft from Shiremark Mill, Capel, Surrey.
Millers
John Mummery 1833–1849
Henry Mummery 1845–1852
William Mummery
W Davison 1862
Edwin Pope 1878
John Banks
George Simpson
John E Monins (died during WW2)
References for above:-
References
External links
Windmill World page on the mill.
Industrial buildings completed in the 17th century
Windmills in Kent
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Smock mills in England
Grade II listed buildings in Kent
Octagonal buildings in the United Kingdom
Rudolph (), sometimes called Ralph (; c. 890 – 14/15 January 936), was the king of France from 923 until their death in 936. They were elected to succeed their father-in-law, Robert I, and spent much of their reign defending their realm from Viking raids.
Name
In contemporary Latin documents, their name is usually Rodulfus, from the Germanic roots hruod, "fame, glory", and wulf, "wolf". Rodulf and Rudolf are variants of this name; the French form is Rodolphe. By contrast, the king is normally known as Raoul in modern French, a name which derives from Radulfus, from Germanic rad, "counsel", and wulf (whence Ralph). Although this name is of different origin, it was sometimes used interchangeably by contemporaries with Rodulfus. The king himself, however, always used Rodulfus, as on their personal seal. Nonetheless, they are sometimes called Ralph (from Raoul) or Radulf in English.
Background
Rudolph was born around 890, the son of Richard, Duke of Burgundy, and Adelaide of Auxerre. They inherited the Duchy of Burgundy from their father in 921 and married Emma, daughter of King Robert I of France. They were elected to succeed their father-in-law, who was killed at the Battle of Soissons against the deposed King Charles the Simple. They were crowned by Walter, the archbishop of Sens, at Saint-Médard de Soissons on 13 July 923. On assuming the crown they passed the Duchy of Burgundy to their younger brother, Hugh the Black.
Reign
Rudolph's first act was to lead an army against the king of East Francia Henry the Fowler, who had made a pact with King Robert I at Jülich earlier in the year. After trying to annex Lotharingia Henry met Rudolph with a considerably-sized army and made peace again. However, in 925 Henry attacked Gilbert, Duke of Lorraine, and took over Lotharingia permanently, Rudolph being in no position to resist.
In 924 Vikings made a fresh series of raids into West Francia. From the Loire Valley they threatened Hugh the Great, brother of Queen Emma, but Rudolph did nothing. They attacked Burgundy, the domain of Rudolph's brother, but were repulsed, and moved on to Melun, where they threatened the royal lands. Joined only by their ecclesiastic vassals and Herbert, Rudolph recruited troops in Burgundy, while Hugh the Great was convinced to join him. After the Vikings left, the Normans, whom Charles the Simple had settled in Duchy of Normandy in 911, began ravaging that whole region. Herbert and Arnulf I of Flanders joined Rudolph and together they took Eu, but were ambushed near Fauquembergues where the king was wounded, the count of Ponthieu killed, and many Normans left dead on the field.
Also in that year, Rudolph conversed with Louis the Blind, king of Provence, over the Magyars, the newest barbarian migrants to Europe, then menacing Louis. In 930 Magyars invaded the region around Rheims, but left before the king could engage them. In 935 Magyars invaded Burgundy and Rudolph brought a large army against them, causing their retreat without a battle. West Francia was temporarily safe from both Vikings and Magyars at Rudolph's death.
In order to increase their own power, Herbert II of Vermandois used their royal prisoner as a bargaining tool to secure the Archbishopric of Rheims for their son Hugh in 925 and the County of Laon for their son Odo in 927. The complaints from Rudolph led Herbert II to bring Charles before William Longsword, the count of Rouen, for homage and then to Rheims to press Charles' claim on Pope John X. In 928 Herbert II finally got possession of Laon, but the next year Charles died at Péronne and Herbert II lost their leverage against Rudolph.
After defeating Vikings of the Limousin, Rudolph received the allegiance of the Aquitainians and homage from William Longsword, to whom they granted in 933 the islands off the coast of Normandy, now referred to as the Channel Islands.
In 929 Rudolph attempted to reduce the power of Duke Ebalus of Aquitaine. They withdrew from them access to Berry, and in 932 granted the title of prince of Gothia to the count of Toulouse, Raymond Pons, and their brother of Rouergue, Ermengol. They also transferred the County of Auvergne to Raymond. Moreover, the territory of the march which was under the control of the lord of Charroux was transformed into an independent county. Later, however, Rudolph was campaigning with Ebalus in the south to eradicate the last Viking strongholds there. They then proceeded aggressively against Herbert II, marching into Rheims and replacing Hugh with Artald in 931. Then, joined by Hugh the Great, Rudolph burned Herbert's fortresses and cornered them in Château-Thierry, where they had first imprisoned Charles, from 933 to 934. The two made peace in 935 and Rudolph fell ill, dying a few months later on 14 or 15 January 936.
Notes
Sources
Gwatking, H. M., Whitney, J. P., et al. Cambridge Medieval History: Volume III—Germany and the Western Empire. Cambridge University Press: London, 1930.
10th-century kings of West Francia
Rudolph
Rudolph
Frankish warriors
890 births
936 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
State Route 198 (SR 198) is a relatively short, secondary north-south state highway located in West Tennessee. Although this road runs in a generally east to west direction, The Tennessee Department of Transportation has designated this as a north to south highway.
Route description
SR 198 starts at an intersection with SR 197 in the southeast portion of Madison County. It passes through Beech Bluff at approximately north of its southern end. For most of its entire length it is known as the Beech Bluff Road until it nears the city limits of Jackson. It is then designated as East Chester Street until its termination. It ends in downtown at an intersection with US 70/SR 1.
Major intersections
References
198
Transportation in Madison County, Tennessee
The Great Appalachian Valley, also called The Great Valley or Great Valley Region, is one of the major landform features of eastern North America. It is a gigantic trough—a chain of valley lowlands—and the central feature of the Appalachian Mountains system. The trough stretches about from Quebec in the north to Alabama in the south and has been an important north–south route of travel since prehistoric times.
Geography
Broadly defined, the Great Valley marks the eastern edge of the Ridge and Valley physiographic province. There are many regional names of the Great Valley, such as the Shenandoah Valley. From a large perspective the Great Valley can be divided into a northern section and a southern section.
Northern section
In its northern section, the Great Valley includes the Champlain Valley around Lake Champlain and the upper Richelieu River that drains it into the Saint Lawrence; the Hudson River Valley, Newburgh Valley, and Wallkill Valley; and the Kittatinny Valley, Uppe Delaware River Valley, Lebanon Valley, and Cumberland Valley.
A series of mountains bounds the northern half of the Great Valley on both sides. To the east or coastward side, these include, from north to south, the Green Mountains of Vermont; the Taconic Mountains of Vermont, New York, Massachusetts, and Connecticut; the Reading Prong (which includes the New York–New Jersey Highlands, known variously as the Hudson Highlands, Schunemunk Mountain, and Ramapo Mountains, among other names and sections); and South Mountain in Pennsylvania beyond Harrisburg. There is a wide gap between the Reading Prong and South Mountain at Harrisburg, through which the Susquehanna River passes, connecting the Great Valley with the Piedmont region of southeast Pennsylvania. Some consider this gap the dividing point between the northern and southern sections of the Great Valley.
To the west or continental side, a series of more impenetrable mountain regions border the northern Great Valley. The northernmost is the Adirondack Mountains, a southerly extension of the Canadian Shield, which reach the valley along the shores of Lake Champlain and Lake George. To their south, beyond the Mohawk Valley and Albany, New York, the Catskill Mountains—which form the northeastern terminus of the Allegheny Plateau—border the valley in form of the dramatic Catskill Escarpment, which overlooks the middle reaches of the Hudson River and Hudson Valley. Just south of the Catskills, the first folds of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians border the valley, in the form of a continuous ridge known variously (heading southward) as the Shawangunk Ridge in New York, Kittatinny Mountain in New Jersey, and Blue Mountain in Pennsylvania. This long ridge is broken by several narrow and dramatic gaps, known as wind and water gaps. These include Culver's Gap in New Jersey, the Delaware Water Gap (where the Delaware River passes into the Lehigh Valley along the border between New Jersey and Pennsylvania), and many gaps in Pennsylvania, including the Pennsylvania Wind Gap, the Lehigh River Gap north of Allentown, the Schuylkill River Gap, the Swatara Gap, the Susquehanna River Gap, and others.
Southern section
In its southern section, the Great Valley is bounded to the east by the Blue Ridge Mountains, which extend north into Maryland and Pennsylvania as South Mountain. Regional names of the southern Great Valley include Hagerstown Valley in Maryland, Winchester Valley and Shenandoah Valley in Virginia and West Virginia, the upper valley of the James River, Roanoke Valley, and New River Valley in Virginia, the Holston River Valley in Virginia and Tennessee, and the East Tennessee Valley extending from Virginia through Tennessee to Alabama. Some describe the Coosa River Valley as the southernmost part of the Great Valley. These southern portions of the Great Valley are sometimes grouped into two parts, the Valley of Virginia and the Tennessee Valley.
The southern Great Valley is bounded on the east by the Blue Ridge physiographic province, which includes, from north to south, South Mountain in Pennsylvania and Maryland, the Blue Ridge of Virginia, Holston Mountain in Tennessee, and the Unaka Range and the Great Smoky Mountains of Tennessee and North Carolina. An important gap in these mountains occurs near Roanoke, Virginia. Other gaps of note in the Blue Ridge of Virginia, connecting the Piedmont region with the Great Valley, include Thornton Gap, Swift Run Gap, and Rockfish Gap.
Another series of mountains bounds the southern Great Valley to the west, including North Mountain and Great North Mountain, the Allegheny Front, Powell Mountain, the Cumberland Mountains, Walden Ridge, and the Cumberland Plateau. The Cumberland Gap connects the Great Valley region with Kentucky and Tennessee lands to the west. Massanutten Mountain lies in the middle of the Valley of Virginia portion of the Great Valley. The Valley of Virginia is a region of karst, with many sinkholes and caverns.
Climate
The climate of the Great Valley is generally Warm- or Hot-summer Humid continental in the northern third and Humid subtropical from Pennsylvania southward. The first weather box is from the temperate portion and the second subtropical portion of the valley.
History
Routes through the valley were first used by Native Americans. In pre-colonial and early colonial times a major Indian pathway through the Great Valley was known as the Great Indian Warpath, Seneca Trail, and various other names.
For European colonists the Great Valley was a major route for settlement and commerce in the United States along the Great Wagon Road, which began in Philadelphia. In the Shenandoah Valley the road was known as the Valley Pike. The Wilderness Road branched off from the Great Wagon Road at present-day Roanoke, Virginia, crossed the Cumberland Gap and led to Kentucky and Tennessee, especially the fertile Bluegrass region and Nashville Basin. Another branch at Roanoke, called the Carolina Road, led into the Piedmont regions of North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia.
The various gaps connecting the Great Valley to lands to the east and west have played important roles in American history. On the east side, the wide gap in southeast Pennsylvania became the main route for colonization of the Great Valley. By the 1730s the Pennsylvanian Great Valley west of South Mountain was open to settlement after treaty cessions and purchases from the Indians. The region drew a steady and growing stream of immigrants and became known as "the best poor man's country". Before long immigrants had thoroughly settled the Great Valley in Pennsylvania and were rapidly migrating and settling southwards into the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. The entire region between southeast Pennsylvania and the Shenandoah Valley soon became famous as a "breadbasket", the most productive mixed farming region in America (Meinig, 1986:134). The road from Philadelphia west to the valley and then south through it became very heavily used and known variously as the Great Wagon Road, the Philadelphia Wagon Road, the Valley Road, etc. The Conestoga wagon was developed around 1725 in the area of the wide opening between Philadelphia and the Great Valley. The Conestoga wagon became the main vehicle for transportation through the Great Valley until the railroad era.
Culver Gap near Culver's Lake in Sussex County, New Jersey, was an important route through the Kittatinny Mountain from about 10,000 years ago to present. The gap is more than below the top of the mountain. Lenape Native Americans used the gap to hunt and trade on both sides of the mountain. Early settlers from Pennsylvania used the water drop from Culvers Lake to Branchville for a wide assortment of mills. Turnpikes followed the route of Lenape trails through the gap.
By the 1750s the Great Valley was well-settled to the southern end of the Shenandoah Valley. Immigrants continued to travel from the Philadelphia area south through the Great Valley beyond Shenandoah, to the vicinity of the modern city of Roanoke, Virginia. There is a wide gap in the Blue Ridge near Roanoke. A branch of the Great Wagon Road began there, crossing through the gap east into the Piedmont region of North Carolina and South Carolina. This road became known as the Carolina Road. During the 1750s the stream of migrants traveling south through the valley and into the Carolina Piedmont grew into a flood. At the time, the Carolina Piedmont region offered some of the best land at the lowest prices. Soon a string of towns appeared, including Salisbury, Salem, and Charlotte in North Carolina. In the decades before the American Revolution the Piedmont "upcountry" of the Carolinas was quickly settled, mostly by recent immigrants who had migrated from the north to the south via the Great Valley. Many of these immigrants were Scots-Irish, Germans from the Rhineland-Palatinate area, and Moravians. This "upcountry" population soon surpassed the older and more established "lowcountry" population near the Atlantic coast, causing serious geopolitical tensions in the Carolinas during the late 18th century (Meinig, 1986: 291–293).
On the west side, the Cumberland Gap became the main route for migration west from the southern Great Valley to Kentucky and Tennessee. In the north, the Mohawk Valley became a major route for westward expansion, especially after the construction of the Erie Canal, which linked New York City to the Great Lakes region via the Hudson River of the Great Valley and the Mohawk Valley gap.
The Great Valley played an important role during the American Civil War, especially the Shenandoah Valley, its Blue Ridge gaps and nearby Piedmont area, and its northward extension to the vicinity of Gettysburg. Civil War-era sites and events in this region include Harpers Ferry, West Virginia; Antietam, Maryland; Chambersburg, Pennsylvania; the Valley Campaign of northern Virginia; the Valley Campaigns of 1864, also in Virginia; the Battles of Chattanooga, Tennessee; and the Gettysburg Campaign leading into Pennsylvania.
Transportation
Interstate highways
Today, the main thoroughfares occupying the southern Great Valley are:
from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania to the road's southern terminus near Dandridge, Tennessee;
from the I-81 interchange to Knoxville; and
from Knoxville to Cleveland, Tennessee.
In the northern valley, the thoroughfares vary. Heading northeast from Harrisburg, I-81 traces the valley to Swatara Gap, then swings north across Blue Mountain and leaves the valley en route to Scranton. I-78 then continues the route through the valley parallel to the southern slopes of Blue Mountain, connecting Harrisburg with Lebanon, Kutztown, and Allentown. At Allentown, I-78 then swings away south into the hills of the Reading Prong en route to New York City. From Allentown into New Jersey and southern New York, the valley is not traced by an interstate highway, though it is traversed at length (and at oblique angles) by both I-80 and I-84, as well as by the Delaware River between Easton, Pennsylvania, and the Delaware Water Gap.
In New Jersey and New York, the valley gradually bends from the northeast to the north, and starting near Newburgh just beyond the Hudson Highlands, I-87 runs much of the valley's length into Canada, passing Poughkeepsie, Albany, and Glens Falls. In an east–west section of the valley, I-90 traverses the Mohawk Valley towards Utica. North of Glens Falls, I-87 runs west of the valley through the Adirondack Mountains, though it descends back into the valley near Plattsburgh. At the Canada–US border, I-87 becomes Autoroute 15 and continues north to Montreal. No interstate highway crosses the rugged section of the valley east of Lake George or passes through the agriculturally rich Champlain Valley running north to Burlington, Vermont.
Heading north from Burlington, however, along the east side of Lake Champlain, I-89 runs through the valley's northernmost stretches to the Canada–US border, where it becomes Quebec Route 133 and Autoroute 35, which trace the route of the Richelieu River in its southern section, where the Great Valley finally dissipates into the plain of the Saint Lawrence River to the east of Montreal. (The Richelieu River continues northward across the plain and empties into the Saint Lawrence to the northeast of Montreal.)
Culture
The Great Valley, especially the southern-middle portion, is within the region known as Appalachia.
See also
Martinsburg Formation
Explanatory notes
Citations
General references
Appalachian Topography – Paleontological Research Institution
Appalachian Mountains – Columbia Gazetteer of North America
USGS – Valley and Ridge Province
Pennsylvania Geology Map
Geological Structure of Pennsylvania
Drake, Richard B. (2001), A History of Appalachia. Lexington: The University Press of Kentucky.
Kercheval, Samuel (1850), A History of the Valley of Virginia, Woodstock, Virginia – History (much of it anecdotal) of the colonial Virginia northern frontier
Meinig, D. W. (1986), The Shaping of America: A Geographical Perspective on 500 Years of History, Volume 1: Atlantic America, 1492–1800. New Haven: Yale University Press.
Williams, John Alexander (2002), Appalachia: A History. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press.
Appalachian Mountains
East Tennessee
Eastern United States
Geography of Appalachia
History of United States expansionism
Landforms of New Hampshire
Landforms of South Carolina
Geography of the Lehigh Valley
Regions of Pennsylvania
Regions of the United States
Regions of Virginia
Valleys of Alabama
Valleys of Georgia (U.S. state)
Valleys of Maryland
Valleys of New Jersey
Valleys of New York (state)
Valleys of Pennsylvania
Valleys of Tennessee
Valleys of the United States
Valleys of Virginia
Western Maryland
Dionatan do Nascimento Teixeira (24 July 1992 – 5 November 2017) was a Brazilian-born Slovakian professional footballer who played as a centre-back.
Teixeira began playing football with local side Londrina EC in Brazil before they were given the opportunity to play in Europe with Slovakian side MFK Košice in 2008. They played in the youth teams at Košice and went on trials with a number of clubs in England. A failure to gain a work permit ended any chances of them joining an English club, and after playing on loan for Slovan Bratislava in 2011–12 they were released by Košice.
After briefly playing amateur football they moved on to Baník Ružiná and then to Slovak Super Liga side Dukla Banská Bystrica. In 2013 Teixeira was granted Slovak citizenship and after impressing Stoke City whilst on trial they joined them on a three-year contract in June 2014. However, they failed to make any impact at Stoke and left in January 2017 and later joined Moldovan side Sheriff Tiraspol.
Career
Early career
Teixeira began their career with local team Londrina EC in their native Brazil. At the age of 16 they decided to move into European football and earned a youth contract with Slovak side MFK Košice. In 2009, Teixeria went on trial with a number of English teams including Middlesbrough, Blackburn Rovers, Newcastle United and Manchester City.
They returned to Košice in April 2009 and made their first team debut on 18 April 2009 against MFK Dubnica. After a lack of opportunity at Košice they went on loan to Slovan Bratislava for the 2011–12 season but spent their time in Bratislava playing in the B team. They left Košice in the summer of 2012 and after spending time playing for local amateur side Slovan Čeľadice they joined 2. Liga side Baník Ružiná. In March 2013 they joined Slovak Super Liga side Dukla Banská Bystrica.
In January 2014, Teixeira had a trial at Reading and at Stoke City in March 2014.
Stoke City
On 11 June 2014, they signed a three-year contract with Stoke City, with Chief Executive Tony Scholes saying — "We have been following Dionatan's progress for some time and we're delighted to have secured their services because there's no doubt he's a talented player with a great deal of potential." Stoke manager Mark Hughes stated that whilst on trial Teixeira reminded them of Ryan Nelsen who played for Hughes at Blackburn Rovers. —"Dionatan came in on trial and I've done that before with the likes of Chris Samba and Ryan Nelsen, who we had the opportunity to bring in at Blackburn. When you can look at players close up you get a better impression of what their capabilities are. We did it with Dionatan and they looked really good".
Teixeira's start to their Stoke City career was hampered after they broke their foot in training which ruled them out for most of the 2014–15 season. They made their Premier League debut for Stoke on 21 February 2015, coming on as a substitute in a 2–1 victory against Aston Villa.
On 3 October 2015, they joined League One side Fleetwood Town on loan. They spent three months with the club making ten appearances before returning to Stoke. Teixeira again featured just once as a substitute for Stoke in 2015–16, away at Bournemouth in February 2016. In May 2016 they had a trial at MLS side Orlando City.
Teixeira's contract with Stoke was terminated in January 2017 after making just two appearances as substitute.
Sheriff Tiraspol
On 17 February 2017, Teixeira signed for Moldovan club Sheriff Tiraspol.
Death
On 5 November 2017, Teixeira suffered a fatal heart attack in Londrina, Brazil.
International career
Teixeira gained a Slovak passport in August 2013. After that they were a regular member of the Slovak U21 team.
Personal life
Their younger brother Marcão also became a professional footballer.
Career statistics
Source:
References
External links
1992 births
2017 deaths
Sportspeople from Londrina
Slovak footballers
Slovakia youth international footballers
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in England
Association football defenders
Londrina Esporte Clube players
FC VSS Košice players
ŠK Slovan Bratislava players
TJ Baník Ružiná players
FK Dukla Banská Bystrica players
Stoke City F.C. players
Fleetwood Town F.C. players
Slovak Super Liga players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Slovak people of Brazilian descent
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in England
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Moldova
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Moldova
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Premier League players
English Football League players
Moldovan Super Liga players
FC Sheriff Tiraspol players
Naturalized citizens of Slovakia
La'Tangela Chiquita Atkinson (born March 22, 1984) is an American professional women's basketball player in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).
High school
Atkinson played for Lee Central High School in Bishopville, South Carolina, where they were named a WBCA All-American. They participated in the 2002 WBCA High School All-America Game where they scored eight points.
College
Atkinson attended college at the University of North Carolina and graduated in 2006.
North Carolina statistics
Source
Professional
Following their collegiate career, they were selected as the ninth overall pick in the 2006 WNBA Draft by the Indiana Fever.
On March 23, 2007, they were traded to the Sacramento Monarchs in exchange for the Monarchs' second round pick in the 2008 WNBA Draft.
Vital statistics
Position: Guard/Forward
Height: 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m)
College: University of North Carolina
Team(s): Indiana Fever, Sacramento Monarchs
References
External links
WNBA Player Profile
University of North Carolina Tar Heels player biography
Press release on their trade to the Sacramento Monarchs
1984 births
Living people
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from South Carolina
Indiana Fever draft picks
Indiana Fever players
North Carolina Tar Heels women's basketball players
People from Bishopville, South Carolina
Sacramento Monarchs players
Small forwards
Brian Rowsom (born October 23, 1965) is an American basketball coach and former player, who was selected by the Indiana Pacers in the second round (34th pick overall) of the 1987 NBA draft.
A 6' 10" power forward from the University of North Carolina at Wilmington, Rowsom played in 3 NBA seasons from 1987 to 1990. They played for the Pacers and Charlotte Hornets. In their NBA career, Rowsom played in 82 games and scored a total of 457 points.
After their NBA career, Rowsom played in Israel for Hapoel Eilat (1991/92–1994/95)
Post-retirement, Rowsom became a basketball coach. They coached the Toshiba Brave Thunders of the Japanese NBL. They were the head coach for the Hochiminh City Wings. On July 20, 2018, they were changed to team counselor.
Head coaching record
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|Oita Heat Devils
| style="text-align:left;"|2009-10
| 52||25||27|||| style="text-align:center;"|5th in Western|||-||-||-||
| style="text-align:center;"|-
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|Hochiminh City Wings
| style="text-align:left;"|2018
| 15||1||14|||| style="text-align:center;"|6th|||-||-||-||
| style="text-align:center;"|-
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|San-en NeoPhoenix
| style="text-align:left;"|2019-20
| 10||0||10|||| style="text-align:center;"|Fired|||-||-||-||
| style="text-align:center;"|-
|-
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American expatriate basketball people in Qatar
American expatriate basketball people in the United Kingdom
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from New Jersey
Basketball players from Newark, New Jersey
Charlotte Hornets players
Ehime Orange Vikings coaches
Élan Béarnais players
Hapoel Eilat basketball players
Indiana Pacers draft picks
Indiana Pacers players
Israeli Basketball Premier League players
Kawasaki Brave Thunders players
Power forwards (basketball)
San-en NeoPhoenix coaches
Toshiba Kawasaki Brave Thunders coaches
UNC Wilmington Seahawks men's basketball players
Goniurosaurus chengzheng, also known as the Chengzheng cave gecko, is a gecko endemic to China.
References
Goniurosaurus
Reptiles of China
Reptiles described in 2021
The Datai Langkawi is situated on the Northwest tip of Langkawi Island off the coast of Malaysia. The resort oversees the Datai Bay on one side & a rain forest on the other.
History
Owned by the Anak Minang From Saribas, Sarawak and has been established in October 1993, The Datai Langkawi was at the time managed by General Hotel Management (GHM), a hotel management company based in Singapore. This resort was the very first project of the GHM which subsequently came under the current management of Destination Resorts & Hotels Sdn. Bhd on 28 July 2011.
Design & Construction
The Datai Langkawi is the brainchild of architect Kerry Hill who worked out a plan to ensure that the resort would be built without any large change in landscape. Timber for the resort was obtained using elephant felled trees, thus eliminating the need of using heavy machinery. Such felled trees were replaced with newly planted trees. The resort has been built using Malaysian inspired architecture.
References
Buildings and structures in Kedah
Langkawi
Hotels in Malaysia
Architecture of Malaysia
Hotels established in 1993
Hotel buildings completed in 1993
Chaoa is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Chaoa, C. flavipes, found in China.
References
Microgastrinae
is the major railway station in the town of Kawatana, Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Kyushu and is on the Ōmura Line.
Lines
The station is served by the Ōmura Line and is located 13.6 km from the starting point of the line at . Besides the local services on the line, the Rapid Seaside Liner also stops at the station.
Station layout
The station consists of two platforms serving two tracks. The platforms and tracks are not opposed. Platform/track 2 is actually on the far side of what was once an island platform with the centre line removed. A siding runs beside track 2. The station building is a steel frame structure of modern design and houses a waiting room and staffed ticket window. A ramp leads up to the station building from the forecourt. Access to the opposite site platform is by means of a level crossing with ramps at both ends. A footbridge allows pedestrians to cross from one side of the tracks to the other. Parking for cars is available both at the station forecourt and on the other side of the tracks.
Management of the station has been outsourced to the JR Kyushu Tetsudou Eigyou Co., a wholly owned subsidiary of JR Kyushu specialising in station services. It staffs the ticket window which is equipped with a POS machine but does not have a Midori no Madoguchi facility.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
Environs
National Route 205
Saihi bus Kawatana Bus Station
Kawatana post office
Kawatana police office
Kawatana River
New-Crein hotel
Kawatana public office
Nagasaki Kawatana Medical Center
History
The private Kyushu Railway, in building a line to , had opened a track southwards from to and Takeo (today ) by 1895. By 1897, the track had reached . In the next phase of expansion, the track was extended towards which opened as the new terminus on 20 January 1898. Kawatana was opened on the same day as an intermediate station between Haiki and Ōmura. When the Kyushu Railway was nationalized on 1 July 1907, Japanese Government Railways (JGR) took over control of the station. On 12 October 1909, track from Tosu through Haiki to Nagasaki was designated the Nagasaki Main Line. On 1 December 1934, another route was given the designation Nagasaki Main Line and the track from Haiki, through Kawatana to was designated the Ōmura Line. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, on 1 April 1987, control of the station passed to JR Kyushu.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2016, the station was used by an average of 921 passengers daily (boarding passengers only), and it ranked 174th among the busiest stations of JR Kyushu.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kawatana Station (JR Kyushu)
Railway stations in Nagasaki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1898
Ōmura Line
Cosmic Conflict from 1978 is the 11th official game released for the Philips Videopac console (known as Magnavox Odyssey² in the United States).
The game is a 2D shooter that allowed one or more players along with one choosable skill level to play. The plotline for the game was very basic (as with many games of the period), in which the player was a commander of the Centurion, an Earth Federation starship that guards a remote corner of the galaxy and defend against the alien invasion fleet trying to enslave Earth.
Gameplay
Cosmic Conflict is a first person space shooter. In the game, the player must travel through a space-themed environment filled with colorful planets in the background. The player must travel within the Centurion and shoot different enemies. The player's score depends upon how many enemies the player is able to shoot.
Reception
The cartridge was reviewed by Video magazine in its "Arcade Alley" column where it was generally praised as "a classic space battle that brings the flavor of Star Wars to the home screen".
References
External links
Classic Consoles Center
1978 video games
First-person shooters
Space combat simulators
Videopac games
Video games developed in the United States
Schömberg is a town in the Zollernalbkreis district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
History
Until 1805, the towns of Schömberg and were possessions of the County of Hohenberg. As part of the process of German mediatization, the two towns were awarded to the Kingdom of Württemberg, whose government assigned them in 1810 to . The towns were reassigned to in 1938. In the 1950s and 1960s, Schömberg enjoyed a period of growth to the south, east, and west. The merged the district of Balingen into the newly created Zollernalb district in January. The next month, on 1 February, Schömberg and Schörzingen merged into a single municipality. There was further urban growth in the 1980s, when a gap between some industrial parks to the south was closed with the construction of additional commercial zones.
Geography
The township (Stadt) of Schömberg is located in Zollernalbkreis, a district of the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is physically located in the foothills of the Swabian Jura, specifically in the . The main watercourse in the municipal area is the Schlichem, whose deeply-cut valley forms part of the northern municipal border. The Schlichem is also the location of the lowest elevation above sea level in Schömberg at Normalnull (NN). The highest elevation, NN, is found at the top of the Plettenberg, in the east.
The Federally-protected and nature reserves are partially located within Schömberg's municipal area.
Coat of arms
Schömberg's municipal coat of arms is divided party per fess into two halves, the bottom red and the top white. Inside the white field is a black stag's antler. The pattern refers in to firstly the County of Hohenberg, whose white-red coat of arms appeared on municipal seal as early as 1278, and to Württemberg, whose own coat of arms prominently features stag horns. The addition of the stag horn also distinguished Schömberg's arms from those of other former Hohenberger towns (Haigerloch, Horb am Neckar, and Rottenburg am Neckar). This pattern was in use by Schömberg before the 1973 merger with Schörzingen and was reapproved by the Zollernalb district office on 1 October 1976.
Transportation
Railway
On the Tübingen–Sigmaringen railway and the Balingen–Rottweil railway a tourism Train of the SWEG Südwestdeutsche Landesverkehrs-AG .
The railway was reactivated for excursion trips of the Rad-Wander(Bike Hiking)-Shuttle, running from May to October, supporting cycling tourism to Schömberg Stausee(Schömberger Reservoir).
Bathing, sunbathing, eating, going for a walk, boating and relaxing - these are just a few of the many things you can spend a good time with at the Schömberger Reservoir.
Notable people
Margareta Weißbrot, accused witch burned at the stake in 1554.
Anna Klarer, accused witch burned at the stake in 1607.
References
External links
(in German)
Württemberg
Nagaybakovo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Novoursayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 317 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Nagaybakovo is located 42 km west of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Batrak is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
On 18 August 2020, elements of the Malian Armed Forces began a mutiny. Soldiers on pick-up trucks stormed the Soundiata military base in the town of Kati, where gunfire was exchanged before weapons were distributed from the armory and senior officers arrested. Tanks and armoured vehicles were seen on the town's streets, as well as military trucks heading for the capital, Bamako. The soldiers detained several government officials including President Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta, who resigned and dissolved the government. This was the country's second coup in less than 10 years, following the 2012 coup d'état.
Background
Protests in Mali had been ongoing since 5 June, with protesters calling for the resignation of President Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta. Protesters were displeased with the government's management of the ongoing insurgency, alleged government corruption, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and a floundering economy. Eleven deaths and 124 injuries were reported during the protests.
Coup d'état
On the morning of 18 August 2020, soldiers began firing bullets into the air at a military base in Kati, a town from Bamako, the capital of Mali. After moving into the capital, the mutineers arrested Minister of Finance Abdoulaye Daffe, the Chief of Staff of the National Guard , and Moussa Timbiné, speaker of the National Assembly. The Prime Minister, Boubou Cissé, appealed for dialogue with the mutineers, acknowledging they held "legitimate frustrations". A mutiny leader later claimed that Keïta and Cissé had been arrested at the former's residence in Bamako; African Union Commission chairperson Moussa Faki confirmed that Keïta, Cissé, and other officials had been arrested and called for their release. A spokesperson for the M5-RFP opposition coalition welcomed their detention, describing it as a "popular insurrection".
The officials were taken to the military camp in Kati where the uprising began. As news of the mutiny spread, hundreds of protesters gathered at Bamako's Independence Monument to demand Keïta's resignation. Protesters also set a building belonging to the Ministry of Justice ablaze.
At the time, it was not clear how many soldiers took part in the coup, who initiated it or who would now take charge.
Aftermath
President Keïta resigned around midnight, while also dissolving the government and parliament. "I want no blood to be spilled to keep me in power," they added. Five colonels appeared in the TV broadcast to the nation, led by Colonel Assimi Goïta. They called themselves the National Committee for the Salvation of the People. The bodies of four people killed by gunfire and about 15 wounded, all likely hit by stray bullets, were brought into one of the city's main hospitals, said Elhadj Djimé Kanté, a spokesperson for the hospital union. The coup leaders denied that anyone had been killed, but soldiers were constantly firing in the air, cheered on by crowds of young people.
Military leaders had ordered closure of all border crossings and imposed a night-time curfew. "As of today, 19 August 2020, all air and land borders are closed until further notice. A curfew is in place from 21:00 to 05:00 until further notice," Col-Major Ismaël Wagué, Deputy Chief of Staff of the Malian Air Force, said in a televised address. They also invited opposition groups to talks for fresh elections.
Opposition member Mahmoud Dicko announced that they are leaving politics as a result of a meeting between them and some of the soldiers that took part in the mutiny.
Coup leaders promised new elections within a "reasonable timeline," without specifying what that meant.
Keïta left the country in September for medical treatment in the United Arab Emirates. Keïta, 75 years old, was originally hospitalised in the capital a few days before leaving.
Experts chosen by Mali's new military leaders have proposed a two-year interim government led by a president chosen by them, despite calls by Mali's neighbors for elections within a year. They suggest that the soldiers behind the coup nominate the interim president and vice president and propose the interim president choose the prime minister. Under the draft, the president would be from the civil or military sectors. The nominee must be between the ages of 35 and 75 and would not be allowed to run for election at the end of the transition. Right after the coup, military leaders promised to reinstate a civilian government and hold elections within a relatively short timeframe.
On 12 September 2020, the (CNSP) agreed to an 18-month political transition to civilian rule.
On 21 September 2020 Bah Ndaw was named interim president by a group of 17 electors, with Goïta being appointed vice president. The government is supposed to preside over an interim period of 18 months. A spokesperson for political-religious leader Mahmoud Dicko praised their nomination as president. Leaders of the M5-RFP, active since the 2020 Malian protests, also signalled support. On 25 September the government was inaugurated.
On 18 January 2021, the transitional government announced that the CNSP had been disbanded. Although the initial agreement in September 2020 had stated that the CNSP junta would be dissolved as soon as the transitional government came to power, this had not yet taken place.
International reaction
Representatives of several countries condemned the coup, as did representatives of the African Union, European Union, and United Nations. Emmanuel Macron, the President of France, a country which has been involved in fighting an Islamist insurgency in its former colony since 2013, called for power to be returned to civilians and for arrested leaders to be freed. The United States cut off military aid to Mali on 21 August 2020.
The United Nations Security Council unanimously approved a resolution condemning the coup and calling on the soldiers to return to their barracks and release all detainees without delay. Amnesty International also called for the release of the detainees. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) imposed sanctions on Mali and called on neighbouring states to close their land and air borders.
On 25 August 2020, the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie suspended Mali from membership and called for the immediate release of Keïta.
On 7 September 2020 at a summit in Niamey, Niger, regional bloc ECOWAS gave the Malian military rulers a deadline of 15 September to appoint a new civilian President and Prime Minister.
See also
1968 Malian coup d'état
1991 Malian coup d'état
2012 Malian coup d'état
2020 in Mali
2020 Malian protests
List of coups d'état and coup attempts since 2010
2021 Malian coup d'état
Explanatory notes
Citations
2020 controversies
Coup
Malian coup d'état, 2020
August 2020 events in Africa
Conflicts in 2020
2020
Mutinies
Moca velutina is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1863. It is found in Sri Lanka.
Adults are cinereous brown, the thorax with five paler stripes, of which the inner pair are abbreviated in front. The abdomen is more cinereous. The forewings have several diffuse pale cinereous streaks, with black submarginal streaks, and with black connected marginal points. There is a discal mark consisting of a short black streak and an exterior black lunule. The hindwings are cinereous along part of the exterior border.
References
Moths described in 1863
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Moor Road is a tram stop for Phase 3b of the Manchester Metrolink. It opened on 3 November 2014. and is on the Airport Line on Moor Road at the junction of Bideford Drive.
Services
Trams run every 12 minutes north to Victoria and south to Manchester Airport. Between 03:00 and 06:00, a service operates between Deansgate-Castlefield and Manchester Airport every 20 minutes.
Ticket zones
Moor Road is located in Metrolink ticket zone 3.
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Moor Road area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Manchester
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2014
2014 establishments in England
Carl Gunnar Feilberg (1894–1972) was a Danish geographer, ethnographer and explorer of Asia.
Life
Feilberg was born in Copenhagen, Denmark on October 22, 1894. Their father was Henning Frederik Feilberg (1865 - 1940) and their mother Anny Caroline Louise Olsen (1867 - 1934). Their paternal grandfather was the clergy and folklorist Henning Frederik Feilberg. They graduated from the Østersøgades Gymnasium, Copenhagen in 1912. They attended the University of Copenhagen and in 1919 they were awarded a Master of Theology (Candidatus theologiæ) with excellence for the university's historical prize essay. They married Martha Siegumfeldt and they had a son Anders F S Feilberg. They died in Hellerup in Denmark on January 6, 1972.
Work
Feilberg was appointed to the Chair of Human Geography at University of Copenhagen in 1949.
By the help of the Danish company,Kampsax, Feilberg travelled in 1935 to Iran, where they carried out ethnographical fieldwork in Bala Geriveh among the Papi tribe in Southern Luristan in Iran from the end of March to the end of July. Feilberg, who carried out fieldwork among the Lur pastoralists, dealt with the history of nomadism through an intricate analysis of the structure and distribution of the black tent (La tente Noire, Copenhagen, 1944). During their stay in the district of Luristan in Iran they gathered the huge number of material cultures of the nomads of Luristan and gave them to the National Museum of Denmark. Feilberg, funded by the Carlsberg Foundation, stayed with KAMPSAX engineers (in Bala Gariveh, southern Luristan) who had been contracted during the mid-1930s to build the Trans-Iranian railway. They made collections of ethnographic materials and took many pictures of people, working and relaxing; of tents and winter dwellings; of tools, rugs, carpets, and other domestic equipment; of animals; and of weddings and musical instruments. The photographs and collections are curated at the Danish National Museum (Copenhagen) and at the Prehistoric Museum (Moesgaard).
Publications
"Bidrag til de afrikanske Agerbrugsredskabers Kulturhistorie. Nogle Hakketyper i Belgisk Congo." (Geografisk Tidsskrift, Bind 37; 1934)
La Tente Noire: Contribution Ethnographique à l'Histoire Culturelle des Nomades. Published 1944 by [Impr. par B. Lunos Bogtr.] in Kobenhavn.
Les Papis: Tribu Persane de Nomades Montagnards du Sudouest de l'Iran. Published 1952 by I kommission hos Gyldendal in København .
Afrika. En Verdensdel lukker sig op.Det Danske Forlag, København 1945.
Hovedlinier i vor tids kulturgeografi by Carl Gunnar Feilberg (1963)
References
General references
Concise Biographical Companion to Index Islamicus, Volume 1 Bio-Bibliographical Supplement to Index Islamicus, 1665-1980, Volume One. A-G:
1894 births
1972 deaths
Danish geographers
Danish ethnographers
University of Copenhagen alumni
Carl Christian Feilberg
20th-century geographers
Bottom simulating reflectors (BSRs) are, on seismic reflection profiles, shallow seismic reflection events, characterized by their reflection geometry similar to seafloor bathymetry.
. They have, however, the opposite reflection polarity to the seabed reflection, and frequently intersect the primary reflections.
Cause of Reflection
Seismic reflection is a sound wave bounced back from subsurface at the interface between media with different acoustic properties (density and wave velocity). In geology, the reflections normally occur at the contacts between different rocks, for example, between layers of sedimentary rocks (stratification). The acoustic properties of sedimentary rocks are influenced by their rock materials, pore space and fluid content. Reflections are generally parallel to sedimentary layering or bedding surfaces. Fluid content in pore space, however, sometimes becomes the dominant influence factor for the acoustic properties, therefore, reflections in such case, may not be parallel to bedding surfaces. BSRs are such a case of crossing bedding surfaces.
Drilling results show BSRs approximately marking the base of gas hydrated sediments below the seafloor and the reflection is primarily caused by the free gas contained in sediments below the gas hydrated section. Gas presence in sediments is well known for its drastically lowering the sediment acoustic impedance and hence, generates high amplitude reflection at the interface of gas bearing formation. Formation of gas hydrate in deep sea sediments depends on its ambient pressure and temperature, both which are largely influenced by the depth below seafloor. This is the primary reason for BSRs grossly parallel to the seafloor reflection on seismic profiles.
Formation and Occurrence
Gas hydrates are made of molecules of natural gas, mostly biogenic or thermogenic methane, contained in solid water molecule lattice. They are formed by combining methane with water under elevated pressures and at relatively low temperatures. Hence BSRs are widespread in arctic permafrost regions and in shallow sedimentary columns below seabed in deepwater continental margins
Application
Geologcial hazard studies
Identification of natural gas hydrate in deep sea sediments is crucial for offshore petroleum exploration. Without adequate equipment installed prior to drilling, blowout may occur if penetrating the gas hydrate sediments. Furthermore, presence of gas hydrates in marine sediments may alter sea floor stability, and induce submarine slumping.
Alternative energy resource
Although current production technology has not been proven to be commercially viable, gas hydrates' global occurrence in deep sea sediments, have still been considered as a potential alternative energy resource. It should be pointed out that areal distribution of BSRs alone is not adequate to properly estimate the potential reserve, since other techniques are needed to address the thickness of sedimentary columns which contain the hydrates. In addition, seismic acquisition parameters and acoustic properties of sediments with free gas in pores may all influence acoustic impedance contrast, which inevitably affects the reflection amplitude. This would cause the uncertainty of the relationship between BSRs and the presence of gas hydrate.
Climatic impact
Because gas hydrates are only stable in a range of low temperatures and moderate pressures, atmospheric and ocean warming may trigger the hydrates instability and release significant amounts of methane from both permafrost and marine sediments. This could aggravate the greenhouse effect on the earth climate.
References
Geophysics
Imma lithosioides is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Frederic Moore in 1887. It is found in Sri Lanka.
The wingspan is 22–23 mm. The forewings are rather dark fuscous, more or less strewn with brownish-ochreous scales and with brownish ochreous markings, obscurely edged with pale yellow-ochreous. There is a bisinuate basal patch, sometimes little marked, its edge running from beyond one-fourth of the costa to before the middle of the dorsum. Semi-oval spots are found on the costa before and beyond the middle and there is an irregular discal patch extending from the middle to five-sixths, in females obscured by general ochreous suffusion. There is a triangular apical spot, as well as some irregular suffused markings towards the tornus and a dark fuscous terminal line. The hindwings are fuscous, suffused with dark fuscous towards the termen.
References
Moths described in 1887
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The 1909–10 season was Stoke's second in the Birmingham & District League and the first in the Southern Football League.
Stoke decided to enter two league competitions this season with the directors feeling that the Southern Football League represented a better chance to be re-elected into the Football League. Stoke won the Southern Football League Division Two A with ease winning all ten of their matches and the Division Two championship play-off. They scored 48 goals conceding only 9, however unfortunately for Stoke promotion was not gained due to a league reorganization. The Birmingham & District League was a lot harder and Stoke finished in 7th place.
Season review
League
Stoke played in two league competitions during the 1909–10 season, in the Birmingham & District League and in the Southern League Division Two. This meant a total of 44 league fixtures would be played during the season.
The standard of football in the Southern League was of a poor quality and Stoke took the championship with ease, winning all of their 10 matches with a goal-average of 48-9. They started off with an 11–0 home victory over Merthyr Town and never looked back. On 25 April 1910, Stoke met Hastings & St Leonards United (winners of Division Two B) in a 'championship decider' and Stoke easily won 6–0 to claim the title.
The Birmingham league was considerably tougher and it was dominated by Aston Villa's reserve side. Stoke finished in 7th place, never threatening to challenge the leaders throughout the campaign. Arthur Griffiths, who had returned to the club from Oldham Athletic, top scored this season amassing 38 goals in all competitions.
FA Cup
The biggest crowd of the season at the Victoria Ground (18,000) came in the FA Cup first round against Newcastle United. Stoke having progressed past Ilkeston and Exeter City in the qualifying rounds. Stoke held the Geordies to a 1–1 draw but lost 2–1 in the replay up in the north east and Newcastle went on to lift the cup. Stoke also played in the Birmingham League Cup for the one and only time losing to Aston Villa's second string in the third round. The directors decided that the Birmingham League Cup was not a worthwhile competition to enter.
Final league table
Birmingham & District League
Southern Football League Division Two A
Results
Stoke's score comes first
Legend
Birmingham & District League
Southern Football League Division Two A
Division Two championship Play-off
FA Cup
Birmingham League Cup
Squad statistics
References
Stoke City F.C. seasons
Stoke
Xanthoarctia pseudameoides is a moth in the family Erebidae first described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in French Guiana, Amazonas, Venezuela and Peru.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
Latus can refer to:
Latus (game)
Latus (anatomy)
Midnight Mass is an American supernatural horror streaming television miniseries created and directed by Mike Flanagan and starring Zach Gilford, Kate Siegel, Hamish Linklater, Samantha Sloyan, Rahul Kohli, Kristin Lehman, and Henry Thomas. The plot centers on an isolated island community that experiences supernatural events after the arrival of a mysterious priest.
It was released on Netflix on September 24, 2021, and received positive reviews.
Premise
A young man returns to their isolated hometown on Crockett Island, hoping to rebuild their life after serving four years in prison for killing someone in a drunk-driving incident. They arrive at the same time as a mysterious, charismatic young priest who begins to revitalise the town's flagging faith. However, the community's divisions are soon exacerbated by the priest's deeds while mysterious events befall the small town.
Cast and characters
The cast for Midnight Mass consists of:
Main
Zach Gilford as Riley Flynn, a former venture capitalist who returns to their hometown of Crockett Island after spending four years in prison for killing a woman in a drunk driving accident.
Hamish Linklater as Father Paul Hill, the enigmatic new priest at St. Patrick's Church, who arrives to replace the aging Monsignor Pruitt temporarily.
Kate Siegel as Erin Greene, Riley's childhood sweetheart, now a schoolteacher on Crockett Island and expecting a child.
Kristin Lehman as Annie Flynn, Riley's devout, forgiving mother.
Samantha Sloyan as Bev Keane, a zealous and overbearing member of St. Patrick's Church and an influential figure in the community.
Igby Rigney as Warren Flynn, Riley's teenage brother who serves as an altar boy at the church.
Rahul Kohli as Sheriff Hassan, Crockett Island's Muslim sheriff, who finds it difficult to fit in with the town's predominantly Catholic population.
Annarah Cymone as Leeza Scarborough, the mayor's devout daughter who uses a wheelchair following an injury.
Annabeth Gish as Dr. Sarah Gunning, the town's local doctor, and Erin's close friend.
Alex Essoe as Mildred Gunning, Sarah's aging mother who has dementia.
Rahul Abburi as Ali Hassan, the sheriff's son and friend of Warren and Ooker.
Matt Biedel as Sturge, the island handyman
Michael Trucco as Wade Scarborough, the mayor of Crockett Island.
Crystal Balint as Dolly Scarborough, Wade's wife, and Leeza's mother.
Louis Oliver as Ooker, Warren and Ali's friend who also serves as an altar boy at the church.
Henry Thomas as Ed Flynn, Riley's father who works as a fisherman and is reluctant to welcome their son home.
Recurring
Robert Longstreet as Joe Collie, the town drunk
Carla Gugino as Judge
Quinton Boisclair as The Angel
Ebony Booth as Tara-Beth, the teenage girl killed by Riley in a drunk driving accident
John C. McDonald as Bowl, a local drug dealer
Episodes
The title of each episode is a book in the Bible. Each episode contains a scene referring to the titular Biblical book.
Development
Production
Series creator Mike Flanagan described Midnight Mass as a passion project, one that was "deeply personal" and dealt intimately with Flanagan's upbringing in the Catholic Church, and their eventual sobriety and atheism. They conceived the idea first as a novel, then as a film script, then as a television series that they unsuccessfully pitched to various production companies (including its eventual distributor Netflix) in 2014. Flanagan planted a prop book bearing the title as an Easter egg in their films Hush (2016) and Gerald's Game (2017), as a means of "keeping the idea alive over the years." Prior to the series' production, Flanagan created the critically acclaimed horror series The Haunting of Hill House for Netflix, which released in 2018, as well as its 2020 follow-up The Haunting of Bly Manor.
On July 1, 2019, Netflix announced that Midnight Mass would be a seven-episode miniseries, with Flanagan serving as its writer, director and executive producer. In February 2020, Zach Gilford, Kate Siegel and Hamish Linklater were announced as lead roles for the series.
Production was originally scheduled to commence in March 2020, but was delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic. Midnight Mass entered production on August 17, 2020, in Vancouver, British Columbia and concluded on December 15, 2020. Production built the town set at Garry Point Park, a seaside public area outside Vancouver, which stood in for Crockett Island.
Music
The soundtrack for Midnight Mass was released in September 2021. The music for the series was scored by The Newton Brothers, Andy Grush and Taylor Newton Stewart, who have worked with series creator Mike Flanagan on each of their projects since their 2013 film Oculus. The soundtrack features reimagined Christian hymns, along with original pieces from The Newton Brothers.
Release
Midnight Mass was released on Netflix on September 24, 2021.
Reception
Critical response
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports an 86% approval rating with an average rating of 8.10/10, based on 92 critic reviews. The website's critics consensus reads, "An ambitious meditation on grief and faith that is as gorgeous as it is unsettling, Midnight Masss slow boil is a triumph of terror that will leave viewers shaking – and thinking – long after the credits roll." Metacritic gave the series a weighted average score of 75 out of 100 based on 23 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Critics praised Flanagan's direction, the performances, and the series' unique approach to the vampire genre. Kristen Baldwin of Entertainment Weekly gave the series an "A−" grade and wrote that it "isn't perfect, but it is a keenly affecting, beautifully acted reflection on death, faith, guilt, addiction, and the power of free will." Judy Berman of Time gave it a very positive review, calling it Flanagan's best series yet and praised the performances of Zach Gilford, Kate Siegel and especially Hamish Linklater. Jen Chaney of Vulture called Linklater's performance "phenomenal" and believed they elevated the series to "moments of greatness," writing: "he speaks as if he's discovering their way through every sentence and wants you to come with him." David Fear of Rolling Stone wrote, "the three-layers-deep work that Linklater is doing over these seven episodes is extraordinary." Fear also praised Flanagan's directing, stating that "It's the way that [he] carefully sets everything into place in anticipation of a bigger-picture nightmare that makes the payoffs so satisfying." Richard Roeper of the Chicago Sun-Times called the series "the best Stephen King story Stephen King never wrote" and stated, "even though this is an original work from Flanagan, it feels like a high-level adaptation of a particularly haunting King novel."
The series' writing and pace drew more mixed responses, with frequent criticism directed at the script's perceived overabundance of monologues. Jack Seale of The Guardian gave the series three out of five stars, praising Flanagan's filmmaking, but criticizing the series for its "bloated dialogue" stating that "When the end comes at last, there are a lot of fire and viscera, but no rapture." Brian Tallerico of RogerEbert.com gave the series two and a half stars out of four, further criticizing the dialogue and religious themes, stating that the series "can be a little exhausting in its preachiness." Tallerico felt that the series' emphasis on philosophical examination came at the expense of its horror elements, writing, "most of the lengthy conversations are well-scripted, engaging enough in their dialogue, but they also drain a lot of the momentum from the piece." They also criticized the series' visual effects as "generally inferior to both Haunting projects," stating "Flanagan has always worked better with shadows in the dark than when they have to reveal them."
The show's creators insisted that the series was not anti-religious or anti-Catholic. A Catholic priest who reviewed the show said its depiction of how religion treats sin was accurate, but the series showed a poor understanding of how religion treats afterlife, while Premier Christianity states that the show "contains some of the fairest treatments of Christian characters I've seen on screen" and "also has a prophetic message to the Church."
Kohli's character has received praise from Muslim viewers, many citing them as a rare example of positive, accurate Muslim representation. The scene where they argue about religious texts in public schools has been also praised as an accurate reading of a Muslim perspective on Jesus. Kohli said in Michael Rosenbaum's podcast Inside of You that the role was their most difficult. Kohli is "not Muslim, not American, not a dad, and not forty," and thus had a hard time in the role.
Accolades
References
External links
2020s American drama television miniseries
2020s American horror television series
2020s American supernatural television series
2021 American television series debuts
2021 American television series endings
American horror fiction television series
English-language Netflix original programming
English-language television shows
Horror drama television series
Television productions postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Television series set on fictional islands
Television shows filmed in Vancouver
Vampires in television
Indonesian Space Agency or INASA is Indonesian space agency engaged in activities related to outer space and space exploration policy. INASA is different compared to Research Organization for Aeronautics and Space (, ORPA), because INASA does not perform space research activities, but much a kind of coordinative agency and designed for space lobby and policy making agency.
History
Before being dismantled, National Institute of Aeronautics and Space (, LAPAN) was both research institute and policy making institution determining outer space and space exploration in Indonesia. As mandated by Law No. 21/2013, LAPAN was mandated to perform space researches activity in both policy research and experimental research, performing space lobby and negotiations with space agency of another country or supranational entities or international body, coordinating policies in space policy, and registration of astronomical objects.
LAPAN was liquidated on 1 September 2021 in favor for formation of integrative super-agency National Research and Innovation Agency (, BRIN). By Presidential Decree No. 78/2021, LAPAN mandated to relinquish its rights and responsibilities to BRIN. While research functions of the former LAPAN relatively fast enough to be re-organized into BRIN, political functions of LAPAN were not yet reorganized into BRIN. As result of LAPAN liquidation, for brief time, Indonesia technically do not have functioning space agency as mandated by Law No. 21/2013, only space research agency.
In March 2022, INASA formed as a special body under BRIN for Indonesia to carry on space politic functions, including coordination coordinating policies in space policy, political lobby, preparation and delegation of Indonesia space scientists to lobby and negotiate with space agency of another country or supranational entities or international body, and registration of astronomical objects. Formation of INASA in BRIN has goal to separate research functions from political functions, so both function is not mixed.
References
Science and technology in Indonesia
Space agencies
Space program of Indonesia
2022 establishments in Indonesia
National Research and Innovation Agency
Mansoor Alam (; 14 April 1944 – 16 October 2017) was a Pakistani diplomat who served as their country's ambassador to four countries and as an accredited ambassador to fifteen countries.
Background
Alam graduated from the University of Karachi, where they studied law and international relations. They went on to teach international relations as a subject at the Islamia College, before passing the Central Superior Services examination and joining the Foreign Service of Pakistan in 1966.
Diplomatic career
Alam held several diplomatic posts from 1966 to 2000. During their career, they were posted to 11 different countries, including in four countries as Pakistan's ambassador while holding concurrent accreditation for up to 15 countries. They served as the head of mission in London from 1984 to 1986, and as director-general for the Middle East from 1986 to 1989.
In 1990, they were appointed as Pakistan's ambassador to Mexico, with concurrent accreditation to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Cuba, El Salvador, Venezuela and Belize. They played a critical role in the trade agreements put in place and the development of bilateral relations between these nations and Pakistan. In 1994, they were ambassador to the United Arab Emirates. During their time in Abu Dhabi, they played a role in persuading prime minister Benazir Bhutto to make foreign visits to the UAE after they were elected prime minister for the second time. During 1997, they were posted as the Pakistani ambassador to Egypt.
Later from April 1997 to July 2000, Alam was the Pakistani envoy to Russia and Finland, and had an important role in arranging Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif's two-day state visit to Russia, and in dealing with issues of nuclear capability. It was the first time in twenty-five years that a Pakistani leader had visited Russia. At that time, Sharif's visit to Moscow was considered the "single most important diplomatic event" in recent Pakistani-Russian relations for the previous fifty years. From 28 August 2000 to 30 June 2002, they were the director-general of the Foreign Service Academy in Islamabad.
Humanitarian work
After retiring from diplomatic life, Alam set up an NGO where they provided free education and basic medical coverage to over 10,000 disenfranchised children in urban slums and rural areas in Pakistan, India and Nepal. Their NGO was known as Friends of Literacy and Mass Education (FLAME), and was founded in 2001. It provides free primary level education to the poorest and underprivileged children of all ages in Pakistan and some in India with a vision to incorporate other SAARC nations.
Alam was also a founding member of the Karachi Council on Foreign Relations, Economic Affairs and Law., the Pak-India Citizens Friendship Forum and a board member of Tameer Microfinance Bank from 2007 to 2008.
Works
Alam wrote articles on various subjects, which were published in major Pakistani dailies including Pakistan Today, Dawn and The Nation. Their speeches and seminars include "Party Positions on Foreign Policy", "The Political Crises in Pakistan", "Seminar on WikiLeaks: If someone leaked ISI documents, they wouldn't have survived", and "Future of American Foreign Policy".
Death
Alam died in London, England, in October 2017 from a pulmonary cardiac arrest, while undergoing treatment there.
References
1944 births
2017 deaths
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Costa Rica
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Cuba
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Egypt
Ambassadors of Pakistan to El Salvador
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Finland
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Nicaragua
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Panama
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Russia
Ambassadors of Pakistan to the United Arab Emirates
Ambassadors of Pakistan to Venezuela
High Commissioners of Pakistan to Belize
Pakistani expatriates in the United Kingdom
University of Karachi alumni
A body contact or body fault is a conductive connection between body and active parts of electrical equipment resulting from a fault.
A body, short or ground fault is:
Perfect (direct) contact
If there is no fault resistance in the circuit
Imperfect (indirect) contact
If a fault resistance is present in the circuit (e.g. wet branch, arc)
This can be caused by installation errors or defects, such as cable breaks.
There is a risk of electric shock when touching the parts of the system under voltage by the body joint. As a countermeasure, so-called protective conductors and residual current circuit breakers are used in electrical engineering.
See also
Power engineering
Electrical fault
References
Power engineering
Ștefan Dobay (, 26 September 1909 – 7 April 1994), was a Romanian footballer who played as a striker and manager.
They played for Ripensia Timișoara and the Romania national football team for whom they got 41 caps, scored 19 goals and they appeared at the 1934 and 1938 World Cups as a forward and scoring a goal in each tournament.
Honours
Player
Ripensia Timișoara
Romanian League: 4
1932–33, 1934–35, 1935–36, 1937–38
Romanian Cup: 2
1933–34, 1935–36
Romania
Balkan Cup: 2
1933, 1936
Individual
Romanian League:
Top Scorer (4): 1932–33, 1933–34, 1934–35, 1936–37
Manager
CCA / Steaua București
Romanian League: 1
1956
References
Selected publications
External links
1909 births
1994 deaths
Romanian footballers
Association football forwards
Liga I players
Liga II players
Banatul Timișoara players
FC Ripensia Timișoara players
CS Gaz Metan Mediaș players
FC Steaua București managers
Romania international footballers
Romanian football managers
CS Gaz Metan Mediaș managers
FC UTA Arad managers
CFR Cluj managers
FCV Farul Constanța managers
1934 FIFA World Cup players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Romanian sportspeople of Hungarian descent
People from Timiș County
People from the Kingdom of Hungary
Zbigniew Stroniarz (21 September 1943 – 31 August 2017) was a Polish footballer who played as a forward.
Career
Stroniarz played at the youth level with Garbarnia Kraków from 1952 till 1960. In 1960, they played with SHL Kielce for three seasons, and played in the II liga with KS Cracovia in 1962. In 1964, they played in the Ekstraklasa with league rivals Legia Warsaw. They made their debut for Warsaw on August 16, 1964 against Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
The following season they played in the Liga okręgowa with KS Lublinianka, and returned to Cracovia in 1967. Throughout their second stint with Cracovia they played in the Ekstraklasa, and II liga. In 1974, they played abroad in the National Soccer League with Toronto Polonia.
Personal life
Their brother Henryk Stroniarz was also a footballer. They died on August 31, 2017.
References
1943 births
2017 deaths
Association football forwards
Polish footballers
MKS Cracovia (football) players
Legia Warsaw players
KS Lublinianka players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
II liga players
Canadian National Soccer League players
Sportspeople from Kraków
Polish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Karen O'Connor is an Irish lawyer who has been a judge of the High Court since 2021. They were a Circuit Court judge between 2014 and 2021 and was previously a barrister practising criminal law.
Early life
O'Connor was educated at Trinity College Dublin and the King's Inns.
Legal career
They were called to the Bar in 1993. During their career as a barrister they frequently appeared in criminal trials, often prosecuting on behalf of the Director of Public Prosecutions. They acted in cases involving sexual offences, drug offences, theft, murder and assault.
Judicial career
Circuit Court
O'Connor became a judge of the Circuit Court in November 2014. They presided over criminal trials in the Circuit Court. They were initially not assigned to a circuit and heard cases in Galway. They were assigned to the Dublin Circuit between 2017 and 2021.
O'Connor was the presiding judge in the criminal trials of Tom Humphries in 2017 and David Drumm in 2018. The Drumm trial lasted for 16 weeks.
High Court
The Irish government agreed to nominate them to become a judge of the High Court in November 2021. They were appointed on 6 December 2021.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
High Court judges (Ireland)
Irish women judges
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Alumni of King's Inns
21st-century Irish judges
21st-century women judges
Circuit Court (Ireland) judges
No Plans are the seventh studio album by Australian rock band Cold Chisel. It was released on 6 April 2012 and was the band's first studio album in 14 years. It features the final recorded performances by drummer Steve Prestwich, who died of a brain tumour in January 2011. The album peaked at number 2 on the Australian charts.
Album details
Work on the album began after the band reunited for a one-off gig in front of 50,000 people at a V8 Supercars event in Sydney in 2009. Singer Jimmy Barnes explained: "Even before the show, in the rehearsal period we all had a really great time and we thought maybe we should carry it on a bit. So we went into my studio at my house and did some writing and recording, without having any plans of doing anything with it."
With the death of Prestwich in January 2011, Charley Drayton became Cold Chisel's new drummer, with the band saying they wanted to continue with the plans they had made with Prestwich.
The album's closing song, "I Got Things To Do", was written by Prestwich and presented to the band in the early sessions for Barnes to sing. Barnes said: "I think somewhere in the demo process Steve put down their own version for their own benefit or archives, or it was to show me the melodies or something like that and we didn't think about it." The masters of the recordings were given to producer Kevin Shirley to mix in the United States and they produced a version with Prestwich performing lead vocals. "Don (Walker)'s listening to this mix and it sounded really good and they thought, 'Oh yeah, Jimmy will start singing in a second', and the sound of Steve's voice came out and it was one of those hair-on-the-back-of-the-neck standing up moments and we all got very emotional," Barnes said. "We thought, 'Well, that's the version we should put out'."
The album's cover art, by Sydney photographer Steve Baccon, is a homage to expatriate Australian landscape artist Jeffrey Smart, bearing a strong resemblance to their Cahill Expressway.
Critical reception
Reviewed at the time of release, TheMusic said, "the opener shows they are still a vital rock'n'roll band, while first single "Everybody" follows with a far more laidback gait, but is powerful in its own way; Barnes' vocal tackling Don Walker's biting lyrics with the right amount of venom. Of course it can't be long before a classy Chisel love song and "All For You" is no slouch in that department."
The Australian claimed, "the album's first notes consist of a Barnes vocal intro of such serrated intensity that the listener is left in no doubt, as Walker drily observed, that it's a new record by that band." Walker's song-writing that, "evokes so much with such apparent economy," was particularly praised.
The Sydney Morning Herald also noted the opening, "with Barnes screaming about smoking cigarettes and being a primate," but said, "However, it is musically that No Plans really excels. Cold Chisel plays direct, hard blues with a surprising amount of groove."
Track listing
All songs written by Don Walker, except as noted.
"No Plans" – 2:36
"Everybody" – 3:40
"All For You" – 4:56
"HQ454 Monroe" (Walker, Troy Cassar-Daley) – 3:10
"Dead and Laid to Rest" (Jimmy Barnes, Guy Davies) – 4:30
"Missing a Girl" – 3:25
"Too Late" (Ian Moss) – 4:30
"I Gotta Get Back on the Road" – 5:51
"Our Old Flame" – 3:43
"This Day" – 3:13
"Summer Moon" – 4:30
"The Horizon" – 4:37
"I Got Things to Do" (Steve Prestwich) – 3:10
Personnel
Jimmy Barnes – lead vocals, backing vocals
Ian Moss – guitars, backing vocals, lead vocals ("Too Late", "Summer Moon")
Steve Prestwich – drums ("All For You", "HQ 454 Monroe", "Missing a Girl", "I Got Things To Do"), backing vocals, lead vocals ("I Got Things To Do")
Phil Small – bass, backing vocals
Don Walker – keyboards, piano, backing vocals
Charley Drayton – drums, backing vocals
Chart positions
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2012 albums
Cold Chisel albums
The 6th Man, sometimes titled The Sixth Man, is a 1997 American sports comedy film directed by Randall Miller, and starring Marlon Wayans and Kadeem Hardison. The film features real National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) schools, although the rosters are fictitious. Some schools shown in the film include the University of Washington, University of Massachusetts Amherst, California State University, Fresno (better known as Fresno State), Georgetown University, the University of Kentucky, the University of Arkansas, UCLA, and others. The film features cameos from college basketball personalities such as Jerry Tarkanian and Dick Vitale.
The film was released in the United States on March 28, 1997 to negative reviews from critics and mild box office success, grossing almost $15 million.
Plot
Antoine (Kadeem Hardison) and Kenny Tyler (Marlon Wayans), two close brothers, play a basketball game in 1986. Their motto for each other is "A&K: All the Way", created by their mother. Their father, James, coaches the team and directs Kenny to take the last shot for the win, but they pass the ball to Antoine out of fright, who misses and costs them the game. That night, Kenny tries to cheer Antoine up, still upset about missing the shot. James tells them that all they have to do is stick together and anything can happen.
In the present day, both Antoine and Kenny are a famed duo on their University of Washington college basketball team, the Huskies. Celebrating their most recent win at a nightclub, Kenny meets R.C. St. John (Michael Michele), a reporter for UW, with whom they spark an interest in. During a road game at UCLA, Antoine scores a slam dunk before suffering a heart attack while hanging on the rim. Coach Pederson (David Paymer) informs Kenny and the team after the game that Antoine has died.
Without Antoine, the team begins falling apart. During one game, however, odd sequences begin to occur, leading to a surprising win. Antoine's ghost appears to Kenny in the locker room, revealing they aided the team supernaturally, and explains that the reason he's back is because Kenny called him. Kenny's teammates begin to question their concerning behavior (as only Kenny can see Antoine), and they inform their teammates about Antoine's reemergence, who are skeptical until Antoine uses supernatural forces to persuade them. Under Antoine's influence, the team storms through the competition and eventually make it to the NCAA tournament, for the first time in over a decade. Meanwhile, Kenny's relationship with R.C. deepens, despite Antoine's efforts to disband the two, believing R.C. is only out to get a story on him, which is partially true. R.C. originally prepares to submit a story to the paper when Kenny discloses to them that Antoine is aiding the team, but eventually decides against it.
The rest of the team begins to have misgivings about Antoine helping them in their games. Kenny informs Antoine, who becomes irate, and wrecks the room they're in. After calming down, Antoine relates to Kenny that they never wanted to pass away. Kenny tells the team they want Antoine to stay, because they don't want to lose their brother again. However, in the Final Four against Georgetown, Antoine's antics seriously injure their All-American, Jerrod Smith (Flex), a close friend of Kenny's. While Kenny visits Jerrod at the hospital, R.C. arrives and knows it's because of Antoine, having discovered their spirit and clues in a game's footage. R.C. tells Kenny that he's letting Antoine run their life even in death, and will never truly live unless they let Antoine go. Kenny tells Antoine not to interfere during the championship game with the team by their side, or they will voluntarily forfeit. Disappointed, Antoine leaves, but lingers nearby.
The team plays poorly in the first half of their championship game without Antoine's erstwhile preternatural intervention, spurring a halftime speech from Kenny that rouses their teammates and leads to an impressive rally in the second half to bring the game close. With the score tied in the waning seconds, Kenny attempts the game winning shot. Antoine tries to help, but Kenny tells them not to, making the shot on their own and winning the Huskies their very first championship. Before ascending into the afterlife, Antoine shares one final moment with their brother, reminding Kenny that they will always be with him. As Kenny celebrates with their team, Antoine goes off into the distance under an array of lights. Coach Pederson sees this and asks Kenny if this was Antoine, to which Kenny admits, saying their mantra: "A&K all the way".
Cast
Marlon Wayans as Kenny Tyler
Kadeem Hardison as Antoine Tyler
David Paymer as Coach Pederson
Michael Michele as R.C. St. John
Kevin Dunn as Mikulski
Gary Jones as Gertz
Lorenzo Orr as Malik Major
Vladimir Cuk as Zigi Hrbaček
Travis Ford as Danny O'Grady
Jack Karuletwa as Luther Lasalle
Chris Spencer as Jimmy Stubbs
Kirk Baily as Coach Nichols
Saundra McClain as Camille Tyler
Production
The 6th Man was set and filmed in Seattle, Washington and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on April 2 until May 17, 1996. It had an estimated budget of $11 million.
Release
The film was released on March 28, 1997 and made $4,128,178 in its opening weekend at the box office, and went on to gross $14,772,788 throughout its theatrical run.
Critical reception
The 6th Man has a 23% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, and an average critic rating of 3.8/10 based on 13 reviews.
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times said:
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was released on March 25, 1997 by Hollywood Records. It peaked at #33 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
See also
List of ghost films
References
External links
1997 films
1990s ghost films
1990s sports comedy films
Films set in 1986
Films about brothers
African-American films
American basketball films
American sports comedy films
1990s English-language films
Films directed by Randall Miller
Films set in British Columbia
Films set in Seattle
Films shot in Vancouver
Touchstone Pictures films
American ghost films
Mandeville Films films
Washington Huskies men's basketball
1997 comedy films
Films produced by David Hoberman
1990s American films
André Luciano Segatti (born May 15, 1972) is a Brazilian actor, model and reality television personality, best known for being the runner-up of the second season of the Brazilian version of The Farm.
Filmography
External links
1972 births
Living people
Male actors from São Paulo
Brazilian people of Italian descent
Brazilian male television actors
Brazilian male telenovela actors
Brazilian male film actors
The Farm (TV series) contestants
Ruth Copeland (born ) is an English-born former singer, based in the United States since the 1960s and known for their collaborations with George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic.
Biography
Early life
Copeland was born in Consett, County Durham, in the north-east of England, where their father worked for the Consett Iron Company. They grew up in the Blackhill area as a neighbour of musician Freddie 'Fingers' Lee. They attended Consett Grammar School and Consett Technical College, and began singing with a local jazz band, the Collegians, in 1963. After their mother's sudden death and their father's remarriage, they left college to pursue a singing career, first in Blackpool and then in London, where they joined a band, Ed and the Intruders, in which Lee played keyboards.
Music career
In 1965 they travelled to Detroit, where their sister Norma already lived, and soon began performing in clubs there as a blues and folk singer. As Kelly Michaels, they recorded a single, "Foggy Days" / "I Need Him", for Ollie McLaughlin's Carla label. They also worked as a comptometer operator, and met and married football player Karl Sweetan, though the marriage was short-lived.
After being spotted singing by Edwin Starr, they met and developed a relationship with Motown songwriter and record producer Jeffrey Bowen; they later married. Bowen was involved in setting up Invictus Records with Holland, Dozier and Holland, and Copeland signed a contract with the newly-formed company in 1969. According to Copeland, "their plan was to create another Diana Ross – only white this time." Bowen began producing records for the label, and Copeland became one of the label's first performers (and one of a minority of white artists on the soul-focused label) as a member of the newly signed group The New Play. They released a single "A Gift of Me" / "The Music Box", co-written by "Edith Wayne" (a pseudonym used by Holland, Dozier and Holland), Ron Dunbar, and Copeland. However, it was not successful and the group soon disbanded. Copeland was also asked to write lyrics for a Holland-Dozier-Holland tune, and came up with words about missing their dog in England; the record producers disliked the results, and instead had Ron Dunbar write the words to the song that became the hit "Band of Gold".
Collaborations with George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic
At the same time as Copeland's involvement with Invictus, George Clinton's Parliament was also signed to the label. They became involved with work on the group's debut album, Osmium, and was credited with co-producing the record with Clinton; Bowen also worked on its production but for contractual reasons could not be credited.
They also wrote two of the album's tracks: "Little Ole Country Boy" and "The Silent Boatman". These tracks are unusual in Parliament-Funkadelic's catalogue, and show the influence of Copeland's interest in country and British folk music. Copeland said: "I was trying in my naive way to write a protest song with the message that death is the great leveller... I played "The Silent Boatman" on guitar for Brian and Eddie Holland and they liked it – much to my surprise and delight, because it was the first song I wrote by myself."
Alongside their work on Parliament's debut, Copeland also began working on solo material, and their first album, Self Portrait, was released by Invictus in October 1970. The album featured contributions not only from Clinton, but from a range of other Parliament-Funkadelic musicians, including Bernie Worrell, Eddie Hazel, Tawl Ross, Billy Bass Nelson and Tiki Fulwood. It contained a variety of different styles, including folk, funk, and opera, with one track recorded with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra. A second album, I Am What I Am, was released in July 1971, again featuring a range of P-Funk musicians, including several, such as Hazel and Nelson, who had recently left Funkadelic due to financial concerns. These former Funkadelic musicians remained with Copeland as their backing band when they toured to promote their album, and regularly supported Sly and the Family Stone.
Copeland also continued to collaborate with Clinton, co-writing a further two singles for Parliament, "Come in Out of the Rain" and "Breakdown", which were released in 1971–72. Clinton said of her: "She was a good writer, really particular about getting it right, a perfectionist!" The year 1972 also saw Copeland contribute to the self-titled album The Politicians featuring McKinley Jackson. They co-wrote the album's opening track, "Psycha-Soula-Funkadelic", a track subsequently sampled by Brighton-based band The Go! Team, on their 2007 album Proof of Youth. However, both their relationship with Bowen, and their contract with Invictus, ended around this time, and for legal reasons they were unable to record with another company for several years.
Copeland was unable to sustain the success of their initial albums and tours. In September 1972, they supported David Bowie on their US concerts. They recorded their third and final album, Take Me to Baltimore, in Philadelphia in 1976. Released by RCA Records it featured a duet with the record's co-producer Daryl Hall, but was unsuccessful, and shortly afterwards they retired from the music business.
Later life
They remarried in the late 1970s, and started a new career as a production executive at a publishing firm, The Blue Book Network of Commercial Construction. In the 2010s, after years when their whereabouts were unknown, they re-emerged to give interviews about their earlier music career.
Discography
Singles
"The Music Box" / "A Gift of Me" (as New Play) (1969)
"Hare Krishna" / "No Commitment" (1970)
"Gimme Shelter" / "No Commitment" (1971)
"Heaven" (Promo single) (1976)
"Win or Lose" (Promo single) (1976)
Albums
Self Portrait (1970, Invictus Records)
I Am What I Am (1971, Invictus Records)
Take Me to Baltimore (1976, RCA Records)
References
1946 births
Living people
P-Funk members
English expatriates in the United States
English women singers
Marina Mohnen (born 31 October 1978) is a 4.5 point wheelchair basketball player, who plays for Rhine River Rhinos Wiesbaden in Germany, and previously played for the Mainhatten Skywheelers, RBC Köln 99ers, BAD.S. Quartu Sant' Elena und S. Stefano Sport. They also played with the German national team that won the European title in 2005, 2007, 2009, 2011 and 2015 and was runner-up in 2013. It was also runner-up at the IWBF World Championship in Birmingham in 2010 and in Toronto 2014. They won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, and a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The team was voted 2008 Team of the Year in disabled sports, and President Horst Köhler presented it with Germany's highest sports award, the Silbernes Lorbeerblatt (Silver Laurel Leaf). President Joachim Gauck awarded the team a second Silver Leaf after it won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and at the Summer Paralympics in 2016.
Biography
Marina Mohnen was born in Bitburg on 31 October 1978. Mohnen majored in economics (business education).
Mohnen began playing basketball when they were eleven, but in 1999 they had a severe anterior cruciate ligament injury. They took up wheelchair basketball as a 4.5 point player, initially playing for their home town team in Bitburg, but they subsequently moved to Koblenz, then to Bonn, and then to Cologne, where they now live again after a stint in Italy. As part of RSC Köln from 2004 to 2009, they played an important role in the rise of the team. They then moved to the Italian club S. Stefano Sport in Santo Stefano, playing in Italy from 2009 to 2011, after which they returned to RBC Köln.
Mohnen joined the German national team in 2005. They went on to win European Championships in 2005, 2007, 2009 and 2011. They were bronze medallists at the World Championships in Amsterdam in 2006, and silver medallists at the World Championships in Birmingham in 2010.
In September 2008, Mohnen participated in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, their first, but the German team was beaten in the gold medal game by the United States, and took home Paralympic silver medals. After the Paralympics, the team's performance was considered impressive enough for it to be named the national "Team of the Year", and it received the Silver Laurel Leaf, Germany's highest sporting honour, from German President Horst Koehler. Mohnen beat Olympic gold medallists Britta Heidemann, Marion Rodewald and Oksana Chusovitina, and long-distance runner Sabrina Mockenhaupt, to take the title of Cologne's Sportswoman of the Year for 2008.
Mohnen was part of the team that won the European Championship for the sixth time in a row in Nazareth in 2011, thereby qualifying for the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games in London. As part of the team's preparation, they toured the United States and Australia. Mohnen was captain of the team in London. In the gold medal match in London, the team faced the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team, who had defeated them 48–46 in Sydney just a few months earlier, in front of a capacity crowd of over 12,000 at the North Greenwich Arena, that included Mohnen's mother Kati and sister Sonja. The German team had been undefeated up to that point, but had started slowly in its games against the United States and China, winning both games by six-point margins, and seemed to play their best basketball only in the final minutes of a game. They defeated the Australians 44–58 to win the gold medal, the first that Germany had won in women's wheelchair basketball since 1984, a 28-year period. Mohnen contributed eleven points. They were awarded the Silver Laurel Leaf by President Joachim Gauck in November 2012, and were named Team of the Year for 2012. Bitburg honoured Mohnen by entering their name into the Golden Book of the city.
In July 2013 the team lost the European Championship to the Netherlands before a home crowd of 2,300 in Frankfurt by a point, 56–57. The German team claimed silver at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and beat the Netherlands in the 2015 European Championships, to claim its tenth European title. At the 2016 Paralympic Games, it won silver after losing the final to the United States.
Achievements
2005: Gold at European Championships (Villeneuve d'Ascq, France)
2006: Bronze at World Championships (Amsterdam, Netherlands)
2007: Gold at European Championships (Wetzlar, Germany)
2008: Silver at Paralympics (Beijing, China)
2009: Gold at European Championships (Stoke Mandeville, England)
2010: Silver at World Championships (Birmingham, Great Britain)
2011: Gold at European Championships (Nazareth, Israel)
2012: Gold at Paralympic Games (London, England)
2013: Silver at European Championships (Frankfurt, Germany)
2014: Silver at the World Championships (Toronto, Ontario, Canada)
2015: Gold at the European Championships (Worcester, England)
2016: Silver at the Paralympic Games (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil)
Awards
2008: Team of the Year
2008: Silver Laurel Leaf
2008: Cologne's Sportswoman of the Year
2012: Team of the Year
2012: Silver Laurel Leaf
2012: Golden Book of the City of Bitburg.
2015: Gold at the European Championships (Worcester, England)
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
German women's wheelchair basketball players
Paralympic wheelchair basketball players of Germany
Paralympic medalists in wheelchair basketball
Paralympic gold medalists for Germany
Paralympic silver medalists for Germany
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Recipients of the Silver Laurel Leaf
People from Bitburg
Sportspeople from Rhineland-Palatinate
The 1990 Croydon Council election took place on 3 May 1990 to elect members of Croydon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Percentage includes all candidates in the alliance, however they appear on the ballot paper.
Ward results
Addiscombe
Ashburton
Bensham Manor
Beulah
Broad Green
Coulsdon East
Croham
Fairfield
Fieldway
Heathfield
Kenley
Monks Orchard
New Addington
Norbury
Purley
Rylands
Sanderstead
Selsdon
South Norwood
Spring Park
Thornton Heath
Upper Norwood
Waddon
West Thornton
Whitehorse Manor
Woodcote & Coulsdon West
Woodside
References
1990
1990 London Borough council elections
Lazar Tufegdžić (; born 22 February 1997) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for CSKA Sofia.
Club career
Red Star Belgrade
Born in Valjevo, passing youth categories, Tufegdžić played friendly matches against OFK Bor and FK Gračanica during the spring of 2015. They spent the summer pre-season and was also licensed for the first team of Red Star Belgrade in the 2015–16 Serbian SuperLiga season. In the winter break off-season, they were loaned to Bežanija until the end of season. In summer 2016, Tufegdžić was also licensed for the UEFA competitions, but later moved on one-year loan to OFK Beograd.
International career
Tufegdžić was a member of Serbia U17 and Serbia U18 national team levels in 2014.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Valjevo
Association football midfielders
Serbian footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Red Star Belgrade footballers
FK Bežanija players
OFK Beograd players
FK Spartak Subotica players
PFC CSKA Sofia players
Serbian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Serbia international footballers
Two to Tango, also known as Matar es morir un poco (), is a 1989 American-Argentine suspense film directed by Héctor Olivera and based on the classic novel Last Days of the Victim by José Pablo Feinmann, who also co-wrote the screenplay. It was one in a number of ten movies Roger Corman produced in Argentina during the 1980s.
Synopsis
A professional assassin who does not wish to continue as such receives an order from their employer (a mysterious "Company") to kill one last target in Buenos Aires. While completing this task, they fall in love with the lover of their future victim, to whom they propose fleeing to Nepal together. But suddenly everything gets complicated.
Cast
Don Stroud ... James Conrad
Adrianne Sachs ... Cecilia Lorca
Duilio Marzio ... Paulino Velasco
Michael Cavanaugh ... Dean Boyle
Alberto Segado ... Lorenzo 'Lucky' Lara
Francisco Cocuzza ... Carlos Pino
Golde Flami ... Hilda Levin
Nathán Pinzón ... Morelos
Juan José Ghisalberti ... Joseph Levin
Ricardo Hamlin ... Bates
Jose Luis Cabrera ... Tango Dancer
Pablo Novak ... Sergio
Adriana Salonia ... Adela
Ana Maria Vita ... Boarder 1 at Levin's Hotel
Alejandra De Luiggi ... Boarder 2 at Levin's Hotel
Flávia Aberg Cobo ... Airline Attendant 1
Maria Fournery ... Airline Attendant 2
Armando Capo ... Angelo
Ricardo Fasan ... Paolo Basso (as Ricardo Fassan)
Lilian Rinar ... Blonde Woman
Gianni Fiore ... Customs Employee (as Gianni Fiori)
Daniel Ripari ... Bodyguard 1
Arturo Noal ... Bodyguard 2
Rubén Bermúdez ... Bodyguard 3
Nestor Cannichio ... Lara's Driver
Production
The film was based on the classic novel Ultimas dias de la victima, by Argentine screenwriter, philosopher and novelist Jose Pablo Feinmann. The book was adapted as a movie for the first time in the Argentinian film Últimos días de la víctima (1982).
The story was totally rewritten by a U.S. screenwriter, Yolanda Finch (Yolande Turner), together with Feinmann, for a North American audience.
References
External links
1980s crime thriller films
Argentine thriller drama films
English-language Argentine films
1980s thriller drama films
Films set in Buenos Aires
American thriller drama films
1989 drama films
1989 films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Films directed by Héctor Olivera
1980s Argentine films
David Wayne Williams (born June 21, 1966) is an American former college and professional football player who was an offensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for nine seasons during the 1980s and 1990s. Williams played college football for the University of Florida. They were a first-round pick in the 1989 NFL Draft, and played professionally for the Houston Oilers and the New York Jets of the NFL.
Early life
Williams was born in Mulberry, Florida in 1966. They attended Lakeland High School in Lakeland, Florida, where they were an offensive lineman for the Lakeland Dreadnaughts high school football team. While they played for the Dreadnaughts, the team won a district championship in 1983, and regional championships in 1982 and 1984. They and was named a Parade magazine and USA Today All-American after their senior season.
Williams was inducted into the Lakeland High School Sports Hall of Fame in 1993. In 2007, twenty-two years after they graduated from high school, the Florida High School Athletic Association (FHSAA) recognized Williams as one of the "100 Greatest Players of the First 100 Years" of Florida high school football.
College career
After graduating from high school, Williams accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where they played for coach Galen Hall's Florida Gators football team from 1985 to 1988. As a first-year student starter, they were a member of the Gators' 1985 team that finished with an overall win–loss record of 9–1–1 and a best-in-the-conference record of 5–1. Williams started every game during their four-year college career. They were a first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection in 1988, a second-team All-American in 1987 and 1988, and a team captain in 1988. Williams was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 1999. In one of a series of articles published by The Gainesville Sun in 2006, the Sun sports editors ranked them as the No. 27 all-time greatest Gator from the first century of Florida football.
Professional career
Williams was selected in the first round (23rd pick overall) of the 1989 NFL Draft by the Houston Oilers, and they were an offensive tackle for the Oilers for seven seasons from to . They played in twenty-nine of thirty-two games during their rookie and second seasons, and became a full-time starter in the first game of their third season. Williams played their final two NFL seasons for the New York Jets in and . They retired from professional football after the season.
For all of their on-the-field accomplishments, Williams' NFL career is often remembered for an off-the-field episode during the season known as "babygate." During their fifth season with the Oilers, their wife Debi went into labor with their first child on the Saturday before an Oilers away game against the New England Patriots, and did not give birth until it was too late for Williams to either fly on the team's plane or get a commercial flight to catch up with the team. The Oilers fined Williams and deducted $111,111 from their pay for the missed game, and Oilers owner Bud Adams publicly criticized them for having misplaced priorities. A public firestorm ensued, with the Oilers receiving a large share of fan and media criticism, and an informal precedent was set that future teams in similar circumstances would handle such matters differently.
During their nine-season NFL career, Williams played in 128 regular season games, and started in 106 of them.
See also
Florida Gators football, 1980–89
History of the Tennessee Titans & Houston Oilers
List of Florida Gators in the NFL Draft
List of University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame members
List of New York Jets players
References
Bibliography
Carlson, Norm, University of Florida Football Vault: The History of the Florida Gators, Whitman Publishing, LLC, Atlanta, Georgia (2007). .
Golenbock, Peter, Go Gators! An Oral History of Florida's Pursuit of Gridiron Glory, Legends Publishing, LLC, St. Petersburg, Florida (2002). .
Hairston, Jack, Tales from the Gator Swamp: A Collection of the Greatest Gator Stories Ever Told, Sports Publishing, LLC, Champaign, Illinois (2002). .
McCarthy, Kevin M., Fightin' Gators: A History of University of Florida Football, Arcadia Publishing, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina (2000). .
Nash, Noel, ed., The Gainesville Sun Presents The Greatest Moments in Florida Gators Football, Sports Publishing, Inc., Champaign, Illinois (1998). .
1966 births
Living people
American football offensive tackles
Florida Gators football players
Houston Oilers players
New York Jets players
People from Mulberry, Florida
Players of American football from Florida
Sportspeople from Lakeland, Florida
George Maharis (born September 1, 1928) is an American actor who portrayed Buz Murdock in the first three seasons of the TV series Route 66. Maharis also recorded numerous pop music albums at the height of their fame, and later starred in the TV series The Most Deadly Game.
Early years
Maharis was one of seven children born to Greek immigrants in Astoria, Queens. They attended Flushing High School and served in the United States Marine Corps for 18 months.
They studied at the Actors Studio and appeared in off-Broadway productions of Jean Genet's Deathwatch and Edward Albee's The Zoo Story. They appeared on Studio One, Kraft Television Theater, Goodyear Television Playhouse, Stirling Silliphant's Naked City and Otto Preminger's Exodus, and in the soap opera Search for Tomorrow as Bud Gardner, one of Joanne Gardner's relatives who married Janet Bergman Collins.
Route 66
In 1960, Maharis appeared as Buz Murdock in the TV series Route 66, which co-starred Martin Milner. Maharis was 32 at the time the series started, although the character they were playing was only 23. They received an Emmy nomination in 1962 for their continuing performance as Buz.
Maharis departed without completing their third season of the series, which saw them with health problems, including hepatitis.
Maharis said they left Route 66 for health reasons, because of long hours and grueling conditions while shooting on location. "I have to protect my future", Maharis said in a 1963 interview. "If I keep going at the present pace, I'm a fool. Even if you have $4,000,000 in the bank, you can't buy another liver."
Series producers Stirling Silliphant and Herbert B. Leonard disputed Maharis' stated position, arguing that they desired to break their contract in order to make movies. Maharis biographer Karen Blocher wrote that "the producers felt betrayed and duped when they learned of Maharis's sexual orientation, and never trusted them again," and they speculated "in a less homophobic era, they might have communicated better, and worked things out." After Maharis' departure, the show's appeal declined. Glenn Corbett acted in the role of Milner's new sidekick, Linc Case. A year later Route 66 was canceled.
Later career
For Maharis, a string of films followed, including Quick, Before It Melts (1964), The Satan Bug and Sylvia (both 1965), A Covenant With Death and The Happening (both 1967), and The Desperados (1969).
Returning to series television in 1970, Maharis starred as criminologist Jonathan Croft in The Most Deadly Game. The series lasted 12 episodes, ending in January 1971.
They modeled fully nude for the July 1973 issue of Playgirl magazine as one of the first celebrities to do so.
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, Maharis had featured roles in several television movies and also guest-starred on numerous television series, including Mission: Impossible, Fantasy Island, Kojak, McMillan & Wife, Barnaby Jones, Police Story, Switch, Cannon, Night Gallery, and The Bionic Woman, as well as Murder, They Wrote in 1990.
They appeared as Count Machelli, King Cromwell's War Chancellor in The Sword and the Sorcerer (1982). They also starred with the Kenley Players in productions of Barefoot in the Park (1967) and How the Other Half Loves (1973) and in national touring company productions of Company and I Ought to Be in Pictures. In the 1980s, they performed in Las Vegas. Doppelganger (1993) was their last motion picture role.
Filmography
Art and music
Maharis released albums and singles through Epic Records earlier in their career. Their only top-40 pop hit was their version of the standard "Teach Me Tonight", which hit number 25 in June 1962, although several other singles charted below the top 40. Later, they performed in nightclubs and pursued a secondary career as an impressionist painter. As of 2008, Maharis was still painting, splitting their time between New York and Beverly Hills.
Selected discography
Albums
Original releases
1962 – George Maharis Sings! – Epic LN 24001/BN 26001
1962 – Portrait in Music – Epic LN 24021/BN 26021
1963 – Just Turn Me Loose! – Epic LN 24037/BN 26037
1963 – Where Can You Go For a Broken Heart? – Epic LN 24064/BN 26064
1964 – Make Love to Me – Epic LN 24079/BN 26079
1964 – Tonight You Belong to Me – Epic LN 24111/BN 26111
1966 – New Route: George Maharis – Epic LN 24191/BN 26191
Singles
Original releases
1962 – "After the Lights Go Down Low" / "Teach Me Tonight" – Epic 5-9504
1962 – "They Knew About You" / "Love Me as I Love You" – Epic 5-9522
1962 – "I'll Never Smile Again" / "Can't Help Falling In Love" – Epic 5-9545
1962 – "(Get Your Kicks On) Route 66" / "You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby" – Epic 3-9548
1962 – "Baby Has Gone Bye Bye" / "After One Kiss" – Epic 5-9555
1963 – "Don't Fence Me In" / "Alright, Okay, You Win" – Epic 5-9569
1963 – "Where Can You Go (For a Broken Heart)" / "Kiss Me" – Epic 5-9600
1963 – "That's How It Goes" / "It Isn't There" – Epic 5-9613
1963 – "It's a Sin to Tell a Lie" / "Sara Darling" – Epic 5-9653
1964 – "Tonight You Belong to Me" / "The Object of My Affection" – Epic 5-9696
1965 – "I'm Coming Back for You" / "Lonely People Do Foolish Things" – Epic 5-9753
1965 – "Where Does Happiness Go" / "More I Cannot Do" – Epic 5-9772
1965 – "You Always Hurt the One You Love" / "Quien Sabe? (Who Knows? Who Knows?)" – Epic 5-9844
1965 – "A World Without Sunshine" / "Ivy" – Epic 5-9858
Reissues
"Teach Me Tonight"/"Baby Has Gone Bye Bye" (At least one reissue on Memory Lane)
References
External links
1928 births
Living people
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American people of Greek descent
Epic Records artists
Male actors from New York City
Military personnel from New York City
American male singers
American male models
20th-century American male actors
Playgirl Men of the Month
Goethe (also Göthe and Gœthe) is a German surname. It is best known for Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1749–1832).
It belongs to the group of surnames derived from given names, in this case given names in Got-, in most cases likely Gottfried (c.f. Götz). Variants of the surname include Göth, Goeth and Göthke, Götke.
The name is comparatively rare; the German phonebook (as of 2013) has 176 entries for Göthe and 168 entries for Goethe; 179 entries for Göth and 28 entries for Goeth; 11 entries for Götke and 2 entries for Göthke.
List of people with the surname
Members of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's family bearing the surname:
their great-grandfather, Hans Christian Göthe (fl. 1650s), a blacksmith of Kannawurf, Thuringia, married Sibylla Werner
their grandfather Friedrich Georg Göthe (6 September 1657 – 10 November 1730), lived in Lyon but in 1685 with the suspension of the Edict of Nantes was forced to move to Frankfurt.
their parents, Johann Caspar Goethe (29 July 1710 – 25 May 1782) and Catharina Elisabeth Goethe, née Textor (19 February 1731 - 13 September 1808)
their wife (m. 1806) and former mistress Christiane von Goethe (1765-1816) née Vulpius
their son August von Goethe (born out of wedlock 25 December 1789, died 28 October 1830), and their wife Ottilie von Goethe, née von Pogwisch (31 October 1796 – 26 October 1872).
Other people called Goethe, Göthe or Gothe:
Bror Geijer Göthe (1892–1949), Swedish artist
Charles Goethe (1875–1966), American activist
Dieter Göthe (fl. 1950s), East German slalom canoer
Erik Gustaf Göthe (1779 – 1838) Swedish sculptor
Florian Gothe (born 1962) retired German football defender
Franz Goethe (1881-1921), Deutsch artist
Johann Friedrich Eosander von Göthe (1669–1728) — German Late-Baroque architect
Jurgen Gothe (1944 - 2015) Canadian radio host
Matthias Goethe (1827–1876) German-Australian pastor
Odd Christian Gøthe (1919 - 2002) Norwegian civil servant and politician
Oliver Goethe (*2004) Danish-German racing driver
Staffan Göthe (born 1944) Swedish playwright, actor and director
See also
Goethe (disambiguation)
Gothe (disambiguation)
Goth (surname)
References
German-language surnames
Surnames from given names
The stripe-tailed yellow finch (Sicalis citrina) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and pastureland.
References
External links
"Stripe-tailed Yellow-Finch" photo gallery VIREO
stripe-tailed yellow finch
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of the Yungas
stripe-tailed yellow finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Shoshone County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,169. The largest city is Kellogg. The county was established in 1864, named for the Native American Shoshone tribe.
Shoshone County is commonly referred to as the Silver Valley, due to its century-old mining history. The Silver Valley is famous nationwide for the vast amounts of silver, lead, and zinc mined from it.
History
Shoshone County was formed under the Territory of Washington on January 9, 1861. Washington Territory legislators established the county in anticipation of the gold rush that occurred after the discovery of gold at Pierce in October, 1860. Their location of the northern boundary at a line drawn due east from the mouth of the Clearwater River, unknowingly placed the emerging mining settlement at Pierce outside of the county's boundaries while residents of the new Mormon settlement at Franklin were unknowingly within the established boundaries. Regardless of the geographic reality, the county seat was at Pierce. Growth at Pierce was so rapid that Shoshone County boasted the largest vote of any county within Washington Territory at the territorial election of July 8, 1861. In less than a year, Shoshone County contained additional settlements at Lewiston, Elk City, Newsome, and Florence. On December 20, 1861, Nez Perce and Idaho counties were created from most of the original territory of Shoshone County. On the following day, Shoshone's boundaries were shifted northward, containing most present-day Clearwater County and a portion of present-day Shoshone County.
This new boundary alignment left the existing settlement at Pierce and the new settlement of Orofino as the county's only settlements. The county's population dwindled as prospectors abandoned Pierce for gold prospects at Elk City and Florence. Idaho Territory was created in 1863 and the first census of the territory in that year enumerated only 574 residents in Shoshone County. The county boundaries were expanded to include the Silver Valley by the legislative assembly of Idaho Territory when it officially created Shoshone County on February 4, 1864. The expanded territory contained no population at the second census of Idaho Territory in 1864. All of the county's 276 residents were located at Pierce and Orofino.
Until 1904, Shoshone County included present-day Clearwater County to the south. That portion was annexed by Nez Perce County for several years and then was established as a new county in 1911. When the Silver Valley population rose dramatically in the 1880s, the seat was moved to Murray in 1884 (and to Wallace in 1898) to better serve the majority of the county's population. The southern area's population increased with homesteading in the Weippe area in the late 1890s. The vast distance and time required for travel to Wallace from the Clearwater River area prompted the southern portion to move to Nez Perce County.
Hard rock miners in Shoshone County protested wage cuts with a strike in 1892. After several lost their lives in a shooting war provoked by discovery of a company spy, the U.S. army forced an end to the strike. Hostilities erupted once again in 1899 when, in response to the company firing seventeen men for joining the union, the miners dynamited the Bunker Hill & Sullivan mill. Again, lives were lost, and the U.S. Army intervened, requested by Governor Frank Steunenberg, as the Idaho National Guard troops were still stationed in the Philippines following the Spanish–American War. Steunenberg was assassinated outside their residence in Caldwell in 1905, nearly five years after leaving office, and the subsequent trials in Boise in 1907 made national headlines.
Much of the county was burned in the Great Fire of 1910, including part of the town of Wallace.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Bonner County - north
Sanders County, Montana - northeast/Mountain Time Border
Mineral County, Montana - southeast/Mountain Time Border
Clearwater County - south
Latah County - southwest
Benewah County - west
Kootenai County - northwest
Major highways
National protected areas
Clearwater National Forest (part)
Coeur d'Alene National Forest (part)
St. Joe National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 13,771 people, 5,906 households, and 3,856 families living in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 7,057 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.84% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 1.52% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, 0.49% from other races, and 1.74% from two or more races. 1.93% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 22.1% were of German, 14.0% American, 11.3% English, 9.7% Irish and 5.9% Norwegian ancestry.
There were 5,906 households, out of which 26.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.70% were married couples living together, 8.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.70% were non-families. 29.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.82.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.90% under the age of 18, 6.70% from 18 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 27.40% from 45 to 64, and 17.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 99.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,535, and the median income for a family was $35,694. Males had a median income of $30,439 versus $18,831 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,934. About 12.40% of families and 16.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.80% of those under age 18 and 10.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 12,765 people, 5,605 households, and 3,511 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,061 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.4% white, 1.4% American Indian, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.5% from other races, and 2.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.2% were German, 17.6% were Irish, 13.5% were English, 6.4% were Norwegian, and 4.4% were American.
Of the 5,605 households, 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 37.4% were non-families, and 31.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.79. The median age was 46.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,654 and the median income for a family was $44,685. Males had a median income of $38,315 versus $25,273 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,020. About 13.8% of families and 17.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Shoshone County was historically a Democratic-leaning county, but in recent years has voted for Republican presidential candidates, while favoring Democratic candidates locally and statewide. The county polled a majority for Democratic Gubernatorial candidate Jerry Brady and Democratic Senatorial candidate Larry LaRocco, but Barack Obama lost in 2008 by an eight-point margin.
Communities
Cities
Kellogg
Mullan
Osburn
Pinehurst
Smelterville
Wallace
Wardner
Unincorporated communities
Adair
Avery
Big Creek
Calder
Cataldo
Clarkia
Enaville
Gold Creek
Hoyt
Kingston
Murray
Silverton
Ghost town
Burke
Ski areas
Silver Mountain
Lookout Pass
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Shoshone County, Idaho
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho labor confrontation of 1899
Notes
References
Further reading
John M. Henderson and William S. Shiach, with Harry B. Averill, An Illustrated History of North Idaho: Embracing Nez Perces, Idaho, Latah, Kootenai and Shoshone Counties, State of Idaho. n.c. [Chicago]: Western Historical Publishing Co., 1903.
External links
County Parcel Map
State of Idaho: Shoshone County
Idaho counties
Idaho placenames of Native American origin
1864 establishments in Idaho Territory
Populated places established in 1864
Rodrigo Corrales Rodal (born 24 January 1991) is a Spanish handball player for Telekom Veszprém and the Spanish national handball team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
Individual awards
MVP of the SEHA League Final Four: 2020
SEHA League All-Star Team Best Goalkeeper: 2019-20
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Spanish male handball players
Liga ASOBAL players
FC Barcelona Handbol players
Wisła Płock (handball) players
Expatriate handball players in Poland
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in France
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Poland
People from Cangas de Onís
Sportspeople from Asturias
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Spain
Olympic medalists in handball
The bay-breasted warbler (Setophaga castanea) is a small species of songbird in the New World warbler family, Parulidae. It is one of thirty-four species in the diverse genus Setophaga. Like all songbirds, or passerines, the species is classified in the order Passeriformes.
Distribution
Bay-breasted warblers breed in the boreal spruce-fir forests of eastern and central Canada, as well as the extreme northern United States. The species winters in the wet lowland forests of northeastern South America, the Caribbean, and southern Central America, and may be seen during spring and fall migration across the eastern half of the United States in a variety of vegetative communities. Many individuals cross the Gulf of Mexico on their long-distance migration, although some travel north and south along the Mexican shore.
Diet and behavior
In the breeding season, bay-breasted warblers feed primarily on insects and spiders, especially the spruce budworm (Choristoneura fumiferana). These are gleaned from vegetation, never caught on the wing. To avoid competition with similar species, bay-breasted warblers concentrate their foraging on the breeding grounds to the interior middle portions of coniferous trees. On wintering grounds in the tropics, fruit forms a majority of the diet. Wintering bay-breasted warblers often form mixed-species flocks with other neotropical migrants and resident species. These flocks seek food in the forest canopy, and the bay-breasted warbler is often an aggressive member of the unit, bullying smaller species from potential food sources.
Breeding
Nests are typically constructed in the lower portion of a spruce or fir tree. The nest is cup-shaped and primarily composed of plant material, with spider silk often utilized as well. Average clutch size is 4-7 whitish eggs with dark spots. The young are altricial at birth, with limited down.
Description
Adult males in breeding plumage are primarily grayish above, with two white wing bars, dark streaks on the back, and a creamy neck patch. The face is black, and the crown, throat, and sides are a dark chestnut color. Breeding females are similar in overall pattern to the males, but are paler and duller. In the nonbreeding season, both sexes gain olive-green feathers on the back, nape, and head. The rufous on the flanks is limited and may even fade away entirely in nonbreeding females. The two white wing bars are present in all plumages.
Measurements
Similar species
In breeding plumage, the bay-breasted warbler may be confused with the chestnut-sided warbler (Setophaga pensylvanica), which has similar chestnut coloration on the sides. Chestnut-sided warblers may be easily differentiated by the extent of the chestnut, which does not reach the throat or crown. Chestnut-sided warblers also have a bright yellow crown, dark mask, and white cheek and throat in breeding plumage. In fall, nonbreeding bay-breasted Warblers may look very similar to the blackpoll warbler (Setophaga striata). However, blackpoll warblers never have a hint of chestnut coloration on the flanks, and also have yellowish feet, unlike the black feet of the bay-breasted warbler.
Conservation
Although currently classified by the IUCN as least concern, bay-breasted warblers, like many songbirds, are facing population declines across their range. A loss of insect prey and global climate change are contributing factors to decline. The global population is estimated to be fewer than 10 million individuals.
Etymology
The genus name Setophaga is from Ancient Greek ses, "moth", and , "eating", and the specific castanea is Latin for chestnut-coloured.
References
External links
Bay-breasted warbler species account - Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Bay-breasted warbler - Dendroica castanea - USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
Setophaga
Birds of Canada
Native birds of the Northeastern United States
Birds of the Caribbean
Birds described in 1810
Taxa named by Alexander Wilson (ornithologist)
The Commissioner for Climate Action is a post in the European Commission. It was created in 2010, being split from the environmental portfolio to focus on fighting climate change.
The European Union has made a number of moves in regard to climate change. Most notably it signed the Kyoto Protocol in 1998, set up its Emission Trading Scheme in 2005 and is currently agreeing to unilaterally cut its greenhouse gas emissions by 20% by 2020.
List of commissioners
See also
European Climate Change Programme
Directorate-General for Climate Action (European Commission)
Climate of Europe
Energy policy of the European Union
References
External links
Current Commissioner Miguel Arias Cañete's website
Former Commissioner Connie Hedegaard's website
DG Climate Action website
Climate Action
European Green Deal
The 2015–16 Fairleigh Dickinson Knights women's basketball team represents Fairleigh Dickinson University during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Knights are coached by Peter Cinella, who is in their eighth season, at the helm. The Knights compete in the Northeast Conference. They play their home games at the Rothman Center, which seats 5,000, in Hackensack, New Jersey.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#800020; color:#FFFFFF;"| Non-Conference Regular Season
|-
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#800020; color:#FFFFFF;"| Northeast Conference Regular Season
|-
|-
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#800020; color:#FFFFFF;"| Northeast Conference Tournament
|-
References
Fairleigh Dickinson
Fairleigh Dickinson Knights women's basketball
Fairleigh Dickinson
Fairleigh Dickinson
The Angola Women's Junior National Handball Team represents Angola in international handball competitions and is controlled by the Federação Angolana de Andebol. At continental level, it competes at the African Women's Junior Handball Championship which qualifies for the IHF Women's Junior World Championship. Angola has been a member of the IHF since 1979.
Tournament record
World Championship
African Championship
Current squad
The following is the roster for the 2018 World Championship held in Debrecen, Hungary from 1–14 July 2018.
Technical team
Edgar Neto Head coach
Luís Chaves Assistant coach
Maria Mateus Physician
Graça Monteiro Physio
Mauro Cassoma Manager
Players
2011–2018
A = African championship; = African championship winner;W = World cup
2000–2010
A = African championship; = African championship winner;W = World cup
Head coach positions
Edgar Neto – 2016–2019
Pedro Neto – 2015
Alex Fernandes – 2013, 2014
Quinteiro Teresa – 2012
Tony Costa – 2011
João Ricardo – 2010
Nelson Catito – 2009
Vivaldo Eduardo – 2002–2008
João Ricardo – 2000, 2001
See also
Angola women's national handball team
Angola women's youth national handball team
Angola women's junior basketball team
References
Women's national junior handball teams
Handball
Handball
Chasing Christmas is a 2005 contemporary re-telling of the 1843 Charles Dickens classic novella A Christmas Carol. This ABC Family film, written by Todd Berger and directed by Ron Oliver, stars Tom Arnold as Jack Cameron, who is a man with a Scrooge-type personality.  They are stuck with their wife, whom they caught with another man at their daughter's Christmas play. The sad events of their life, including their wife's infidelity, led them to hate Christmas. This prompted the Ghost of Christmas Past (Leslie Jordan) and Ghost of Christmas Present (Andrea Roth) to show Jack what Christmas is all about. However, Christmas Past wanted to stay in the past, and Jack and Christmas Present ended up on an adventure to put Christmas Past back on track.
Brittney Wilson, who played the daughter of Jack Cameron, was nominated for Best Performance in a TV Movie, Miniseries or Special - Supporting Young Actress at the 27th Young Artist Awards.
See also
List of Christmas films
List of ghost films
Adaptations of A Christmas Carol
References
External links
ABC Family: Chasing Christmas
ABC Family original films
2005 television films
2005 films
Films based on A Christmas Carol
American Christmas films
Christmas television films
Films with screenplays by Todd Berger
2000s Christmas films
Films directed by Ron Oliver
2000s English-language films
The Hero of the Soviet Union was the highest distinction of the Soviet Union. It was awarded 12,775 times. Due to the large size of the list, it has been broken up into multiple pages.
Mikhail Rabovalyuk (ru)
Aleksandr Rabstevich (ru)
Ivan Radayev (ru)
Nikolai Radayev (ru)
Ivan Radaykin (ru)
Narza Radzhabov (ru)
Aleksei Radzievsky
Semyon Radilovsky (ru)
Nikolai Raduonov (ru)
Aleksandr Radkevich (ru)
Mikhail Radugin (ru)
Feofan Radugin (ru)
Fyodor Radus (ru)
Vasily Dmitrievich Radchenko (ru)
Vasily Ivanovich Radchenko (ru)
Mikhail Radchenko (ru)
Pavel Radchuk (ru)
Grigory Raevsky (ru)
Ivan Raevsky (ru)
Konstantin Razhev (ru)
Ivan Razvolyaev (ru)
Aleksandr Razginin (ru)
Gavriil Razenkov (ru)
Vasily Razin (ru)
Viktor Razin (ru)
Ivan Razin (ru)
Sergey Razin (ru)
Filipp Razin (ru)
Semyon Razinkin (ru)
Galaktion Razmadze (ru)
Aleksandr Razumov (ru)
Aleksandr Rai (ru)
Anatoly Raikov (ru)
Aleksandr Raikunov (ru)
Aleksandr Railyan (ru)
Yan Rainberg (ru)
Pavel Rak (ru)
Aleksandr Rakov (ru)
Vasily Ivanovich Rakov (twice)
Vasily Sergeyevich Rakov (ru)
Dmitry Rakus (ru)
Konstantin Rakutin
Dmitry Rakshin (ru)
Mikhail Raldugin (ru)
Pavel Ranzhev (ru)
Maksim Rapeiko (ru)
Marina Raskova
Tsezar Raskovinsky (ru)
Anatoly Rasnitsov (ru)
Pyotr Raspopin (ru)
Ivan Raspopov (ru)
Pyotr Raspopov (ru)
Nina Raspopova
Pyotr Rassadkin (ru)
Aleksandr Rasskazov (ru)
Konstantin Rasskazov (ru)
Semyon Rassokha (ru)
Leonid Rassokhin (ru)
Boris Rastoropov (ru)
Pyotr Ratnikov (ru)
Andrei Ratov (ru)
Larisa Ratushnaya
Najafgulu Rafiyev
Anatoly Raftopullo (ru)
Abdusattar Rakhimov (ru)
Azin Rakhimov (ru)
Baki Rakhimov (ru)
Sobir Rakhimov
Rakhimbai Rakhimov (ru)
Shamil Rakhmatulin (ru)
Viktor Rakhov (ru)
Ivan Rachov (ru)
Pavel Rachov (ru)
Aleksandr Rashevsky (ru)
Grigory Rashutin (ru)
Aleksandr Rashchupkin (ru)
Andrei Rashchupkin (ru)
Pavel Revenok (ru)
Kumza Rebrik (ru)
Mikhail Rebrov (ru)
Vasily Reva (ru)
Ivan Reva (ru)
Ivan Revkov (ru)
Nikonor Revutsky (ru)
Vasily Revyakin (ru)
Pena Redzhepov (ru)
Anatoly Redin (ru)
Nikolai Redkin (ru)
Nikolai Redkovsky (ru)
Pyotr Redchenkov (ru)
Dmitry Redkin (ru)
Nikolai Redkin (ru)
Aleksei Redko (ru)
Filipp Redko (ru)
Viktor Rezanov (ru)
Leonid Rezvykh (ru)
Kirill Rezenkov (ru)
Fyodor Reznik (ru)
Ivan Reznichenko (ru)
Semyon Reznichenko (ru)
Dmitry Rezuto (ru)
Grigory Rezyapkin (ru)
Vladimir Remek
Fyodor Remennoi (ru)
Vasily Remizov (ru)
Ivan Remizov (ru)
Mikhail Remizov (ru)
Aleksei Renzayev (ru)
Vasily Renov (ru)
Mikhail Rents (ru)
Aleksandr Repin (ru)
Ivan Repin (ru)
Stepan Repin
Akim Repin (ru)
Nikolai Repnikov (ru)
Albert Repson (ru)
Samoilo Reputin (ru)
Mikhail Repchenko (ru)
Aleksandr Retyunsky (ru)
Grigory Rechkalov
Ivan Reshetei (ru)
Ivan Grigorievich Reshetnik (ru)
Ivan Semyonovich Reshetnik (ru)
Vasily Reshetnikov
Nikolai Reshetnikov (ru)
Aleksei Reshetov (ru)
Pavel Reshetov (ru)
Sergey Reshetov (ru)
Abdraim Reshidov
Ivan Reshilin (ru)
Nikita Rzhavsky (ru)
Pavel Rzhevsky (ru)
Denis Rzyanin (ru)
Boris Rivkin (ru)
Nikolai Rigachin (ru)
Stepan Ridny (ru)
Bazar Rinchino (ru)
Vasily Rovencky (ru)
Fyodor Rovchakov (ru)
Pyotr Rogalyov (ru)
Mikhail Iosifovich Rogalyov (ru)
Mikhail Kirillovich Rogalyov (ru)
Georgy Rogachevsky (ru)
Aleksei Rogov (ru)
Leonid Rogov (ru)
Mikhail Rogov (ru)
Nikolai Rogov (ru)
Aleksei Rogozhin (ru)
Vasily Rogozhin (ru)
Andrei Rogozhnikov (ru)
Nikolai Rogozhnikov (ru)
Fedosy Rogozhnikov (ru)
Anatoly Rogozin (ru)
Vladimir Rogozin (ru)
Pyotr Rogozin (ru)
Frants Rogulsky (ru)
Konstantin Rodenko (ru)
Aleksandr Rodimtsev (twice)
Aleksei Rodin
Dmitry Rodin
Nikolai Rodin
Sergey Rodinka (ru)
Aleksei Rodionov (ru)
Vasily Rodionov (ru)
Vladimir Rodionov (ru)
Ivan Rodionov (ru)
Mikhail Aleksandrovich Rodionov (ru)
Mikhail Yegorovich Rodionov (ru)
Mikhail Iosifovich Rodionov (ru)
Mikhail Fyodorovich Rodionov (ru)
Pyotr Rodionov (ru)
Sergey Rodionov (ru)
Aleksandr Roditelev (ru)
Mikhail Rodichev (ru)
Mikhail Rodnykh (ru)
Valentin Rodchenko (ru)
Pyotr Rodygin (ru)
Valery Rozhdestvensky
Aleksandr Rozhkov (ru)
Nikolai Rozhnev (ru)
Nikolai Rozhnov (ru)
Vasily Rozanov (ru)
Ivan Rozanov (ru)
Nikolai Rozenko (ru)
Aleksandr Rozka (ru)
Nikolai Rozov (ru)
Aleksei Roi (ru)
Aleksandr Roichenko (ru)
Lavr Rokin (ru)
Aleksei Tokityansky (ru)
Konstantin Rokossovsky
Nikolai Rolin (ru)
Gayaz Romayev (ru)
Aleksei Roman (ru)
Sergey Roman (ru)
Aleksandr Sergeyevich Romanenko (ru)
Aleksandr Fomich Romanenko (ru)
Aleksei Danilovich Romanenko (ru)
Aleksei Fedoseyevich Romanenko (ru)
Andrei Romanenko (ru)
Vasily Romanenko (ru)
Georgy Romanenko (ru)
Ivan Georgievich Romanenko (ru)
Ivan Ivanovich Romanenko (ru)
Pyotr Romanenko (ru)
Yuri Romanenko
Aleksandr Romanenkov (ru)
Nikolai Romanenkov (ru)
Stepan Romanets (ru)
Aleksandr Romankov (ru)
Aleksandr Georgievich Romanov (ru)
Aleksandr Dmitrievich Romanov (ru)
Boris Romanov (ru)
Vasily Mikhailovich Romanov (ru)
Vasily Fyodorovich Romanov (ru)
Vladimir Romanov (ru)
Grigory Romanov (ru)
Yevgeny Romanov (ru)
Yegor Romanov (ru)
Ivan Romanov (ru)
Mikhail Romanov (ru)
Nikolai Kirillovich Romanov (ru)
Nikolai Fyodorovich Romanov (ru)
Pavel Romanov (ru)
Pyotr Ivanovich Romanov (ru)
Pyotr Ilyich Romanov (ru)
Semyon Romanov (ru)
Sergey Romanov (ru)
Yakov Romanov (ru)
Sergei Romanovtsev
Ivan Romanchenko (ru)
Pavel Romanchuk (ru)
Mikhail Romankov (ru)
Vasily Romanyuk (ru)
Grigory Romanyuk (ru)
Nikolai Romanyuk (ru)
Aleksandr Romanyutin (ru)
Prokofy Romas (ru)
Mikhail Romashin (ru)
Ivan Romashkin (ru)
Timofei Romashkin (ru)
Nikolai Romashko (ru)
Pavel Romenko (ru)
Vasily Romin (ru)
Aleksandr Rorat (ru)
Pavel Raslik (ru)
Ivan Rosly (ru)
Aleksei Roslyakov (ru)
Anatoly Roslyakov (ru)
Boris Rossokhin (ru)
Shota Rostiashvili (ru)
Apoven Rostomyan (ru)
Andrei Rotenko (ru)
Fyodor Rotko (ru)
Pavel Rotmistrov
Anatoly Roshchaninov (ru)
Vladimir Roshchenko (ru)
Vasily Roshchepkin (ru)
Aleksandr Roshchin (ru)
Ivan Roshchin (ru)
Lev Roshchin (ru)
Nikolai Roshchin (ru)
Stepan Roshchupkin (ru)
Andrei Ruban (ru)
Nikolai Ruban (ru)
Pyotr Ruban (ru)
Pyotr Rubanov (ru)
Anatoly Rubakhin (ru)
Filipp Rubakho (ru)
Vladimir Rubinsky (ru)
Vladimir Rublevsky (ru)
Ivan Rublenko (ru)
Sergey Rubusin (ru)
Anatoly Rubtsov (ru)
Gerasim Rubtsov (ru)
Nikanor Rubtsov (ru)
Nikolai Rubtsov (ru)
Vladimir Rubchenkov (ru)
Veniamin Ruvinsky (ru)
Aleksandr Rudakov (ru)
Yevgeny Rudakov (ru)
Nikolai Rudakov (ru)
Pavel Rudakov (ru)
Sergey Rudakov (ru)
Aleksandr Yeliseyevich Rudenko (ru)
Aleksandr Konstantinovich Rudenko (ru)
Andrei Rudenko (ru)
Ivan Rudenko (ru)
Mikhail Rudenko (ru)
Nikolai Ivanovich Rudenko (ru)
Nikolai Matveyevich Rudenko (ru)
Nikolai Sergeyevich Rudenko (ru)
Pyotr Rudenko (ru)
Sergey Rudenko
Yakov Rudenok (ru)
Filipp Rudkin
Aleksei Rudnev (ru)
Vasily Rudnev (ru)
Semyon Rudnev
Sergei Rudnev (ru)
Yevgeniya Rudneva
Ivan Rudnichenko (ru)
Arkady Rudnov (ru)
Anatoly Rudoy (ru)
Nikolai Rudomyotov (ru)
Fyodor Rudskoy (ru)
Nikolai Rudyk (ru)
Nikolai Rud (ru)
Vladimir Ruzhin (ru)
Aleksei Ruznyaev (ru)
Ibarruri Ruis Ruben (ru)
Vladimir Rukavitsyn (ru)
Nikolai Rukavishnikov
Ignat Rukin (ru)
Aleksandr Rulyov (ru)
Ivan Rulyov (ru)
Aleksandr Andreyevich Rumyantsev (ru)
Aleksandr Yevdokimovich Rumyantsev (ru)
Aleksandr Stepanovich Rumuantsev (ru)
Aleksei Rumyantsev (ru)
Dmitry Rumyantsev (ru)
Ivan Vasilyevich Rumyantsev (ru)
Ivan Nikolayevich Rumyantsev (ru)
Mikhail Rumyantsev (ru)
Nikita Rumyantsev (ru)
Fyodor Rumyantsev (ru)
Boris Runov (ru)
Vasily Rusakov (ru)
Kliment Rusakov (ru)
Ivan Rusakov (ru)
Mikhail Rusakov (ru)
Ivan Rusin (ru)
Nikita Rusin (ru)
Vasily Rusinov (ru)
Veniamin Rusov (ru)
Ivan Russiyanov
Afanasy Russkikh (ru)
Pyotr Russkikh (ru)
Kharlampy Russkikh (ru)
Vardkes Rustamyan (ru)
Tashtemir Rustemov (ru)
Aleksei Rutchin (ru)
Aleksandr Rukhlyadev (ru)
Aleksandr Rutskoi
Aleksandr Ruchin (ru)
Mikhail Rybak (ru)
Ulyan Rybak (ru)
Aleksandr Rybakov (ru)
Aleksei Rybakov (ru)
Anatoly Rybakov (ru)
Nikolai Rybakov (ru)
Aleksei Rybalka (ru)
Vasily Rybalko (ru)
Ivan Ignatevich Rybalko (ru)
Ivan Fyodorovich Rybalko (ru)
Pavel Rybalko
Semyon Rybalchenko (ru)
Leonid Rybachkovsky (ru)
Aleksandr Rybin (ru)
Ivan Rybin (ru)
Nikolai Rybin (ru)
Aleksandr Rybkin (ru)
Andrei Rybkin (ru)
Vasily Rybkin (ru)
Nikolai Rybko
Aleksandr Rybnikov (ru)
Vsevolod Ryvzh (ru)
Vasily Ryzhenkov (ru)
Nikolai Ryzhenkov (ru)
Leonid Ryzhy (ru)
Anatoly Ryzhikov (ru)
Anton Ryzhkov (ru)
Valery Ryzhkov (ru)
Ivan Ryzhkov (ru)
Aleksandr Dmitrievich Ryzhov (ru)
Aleksandr Ivanovich Ryzhov
Aleksandr Petrovich Ryzhov (ru)
Andrei Ryzhov (ru)
Vasily Ryzhov (ru)
Vladimir Ryzhov (ru)
Georgy Ryzhov (ru)
Yevgraf Ryzhov (ru)
Ivan Ryzhov (ru)
Mikhailovich Grigorievich Ryzhov (ru)
Mikhail Ivanovich Ryzhov (ru)
Yuri Rykachyov (ru)
Konstantin Rykov (ru)
Leonid Rykov (ru)
Valery Rylov (ru)
Pavel Ryndin (ru)
Vasily Ryndya (ru)
Flavian Rysevets (ru)
Ilya Rysyuk (ru)
Leonid Rytikov (ru)
Aleksandr Rytov (ru)
Nikolai Rytov (ru)
Aleksandr Rykhlov (ru)
Pavel Rychagov
Ivan Ryshkov (ru)
Mikhail Ryukin (ru)
Valery Ryumin
Nikolai Ryabinin (ru)
Aleksandr Ryabov (ru)
Andrei Ryabov (ru)
Vasily Ryabov (ru)
Konstantin Ryabov (ru)
Mikhail Ryabov (ru)
Sergey Ryabov (ru)
Yekaterina Ryabova
Vladimir Ryabok (ru)
Mikhail Ryaboshapka (ru)
Vasily Ryaboshapko (ru)
Grigory Ryabushko (ru)
Boris Ryabtsev (ru)
Mikhail Ryabtsev (ru)
Aleksandr Ryabtsov (ru)
Mikhail Ryabchevsky (ru)
Fyodor Ryabykin (ru)
Nikolai Rubykh
Pyotr Ryabykh (ru)
Aleksey Ryazanov (twice)
Vasily Ryazanov (twice)
Ivan Ryazanov (ru)
Aleksandr Ryazantsev (ru)
Aleksei Pavlovich Ryazantsev (ru)
Aleksei Fyodorovich Ryazantsev (ru)
Nikolai Ryazantsev (ru)
Timofei Ryazantsev (ru)
Nikolai Ryaposov (ru)
References
Lists of Heroes of the Soviet Union
Dale Husemöller (also spelled Husemoller) is an American mathematician specializing in algebraic topology and homological algebra who is known for their books on fibre bundles, elliptic curves, and, in collaboration with John Milnor, symmetric bilinear forms.
Life and career
Husemöller was born in 1933 in Austin, Minnesota, USA. They earned their BA in mathematics at the University of Minnesota (December 1952). They began their graduate career there as a physicist, transferring to Harvard University in 1953. There, they switched from physics to the PhD program in mathematics.
They completed their Ph.D. at Harvard University in 1959. Their doctoral supervisor was Lars Ahlfors. Their dissertation topic was Mappings, Automorphisms and Coverings of Riemann Surfaces.
After the PhD, they served on the faculty of the University of Rochester (1958-59) and the Pennsylvania State University (1959 to 1961). There their interests shifted to topology. They spent most of their career at Haverford College from 1961 until their retirement in 1996.  They are currently Professor Emeritus at Haverford.
During Husemöller's career, they spent several sabbatical years as a visiting scholar at the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques (IHES) and at the University of Bonn. After retirement, they were visiting lecturer at both of these places and at the Universities of Munich, Heidelberg, and Münster, the Tata Institute in Bombay, the Institute of Physics and Mathematics in Tehran, and the Max Planck Institute for Mathematics in Bonn. They were a regular attendee at the Arbeitstagungen in Bonn.
Professor Husemöller's five children Carl, Anna, Erich, Kurt, and Greta grew up on Haverford College Campus, and spent sabbatical years and subsequent summers with them at the Résidence de l'Ormaille at the IHES in France, and for another year at the Ernst-Moritz-Arndt Gymnasium in Bonn while they were at the University there. All five received their BAs at Haverford. Professor Husemöller has 10 grandchildren, Colette, Adrian, Ingrid, Paloma, Atena, Alexey, Annika, Jacob, Rose, and Mbali. They currently live in western Massachusetts.
Bibliography
Their books and some of their papers include:
Husemöller, Dale (1962). "Ramified Coverings of Riemann Surfaces," Duke Mathematical Journal, volume 29, pp. 167–79.
2nd Edition (Springer Verlag), 1975; 3rd Edition (Springer Verlag), 1993. Russian Edition Rassloenye Prostranstva (Moscow: Izd. Mir) 1970.
Husemöller, Dale with John Milnor (1974). Symmetric Bilinear Forms (Springer) Russian Edition Simmetricheskie bilineĭnye formy (Moscow: Navka), 1986.
Husemöller, Dale with J.C. Moore and James Stasheff (1974). "Differential Homological Algebra and Homogeneous Spaces," in Journal of Pure and Applied Algebra, vol 5, pp. 115-85.
Husemöller, Dale with Enrico Bombieri (1975). "Classification and Embeddings of Surfaces," in Proceedings of Symposia in Pure Mathematics, vol 29, pp. 320-420.
2nd Edition (Springer) 2004.
Husemöller, Dale with Pierre Deligne (1987). "Survey of Drinfel'd Modules," Current Trends in Arithmetic Algebraic Geometry, Contemporary Mathematics, vol. 67, ed. Ken Ribett, pp. 25-92.
Husemöller, Dale (2008). Basic Bundle Theory and K-Cohomology Invariants. Lecture Notes in Physics 726 (Springer).
References
External links
1933 births
Living people
20th-century American mathematicians
Harvard University alumni
Haverford College faculty
Topologists
People from Austin, Minnesota
Mathematicians from Minnesota
University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts alumni
Pennsylvania State University faculty
Trinity Abbey, Vendôme, was a Benedictine monastery founded in 1035 in Vendôme by Geoffrey Martel and their first wife, Agnes of Burgundy. It was consecrated on 31 May 1040, one month before Geoffrey became Count of Anjou.
The abbey was under the direct authority of the Pope and nobody else. This fact was accepted by Thierry of Chartres and by King Henry I of France in 1056. In 1063, its abbot was given the rights of being a cardinal. It was often in conflict with the counts of Vendôme and some, like Geoffrey Jordan, were excommunicated.
In the 17th century, Vendôme was part of the Maurist congregation. One of the most famous Maurists, Luc d'Achery, was professed in Vendôme.
The cloister buildings were substantially demolished by the military users at the onset of the twentieth century, but what remains houses a small museum devoted to the Vendômois. The monastery manuscripts are mainly conserved at the town library. The church until recently functioned for one midweek mass.
Architecture
(NB., This is translated from de.wikipedia.org)
Although the abbey church in its present form is basically Flamboyant Gothic, it still contains elements of the simple first church in the transepts and the pillars of the crossing. The apse was rebuilt in High Gothic at the end of the 13th century (in the abbey's heyday); the two easternmost bays of the nave were built in the mid-14th century. After a long interruption caused by the Hundred Years' War, the work was resumed; the third and fourth bays of the nave were completed in 1492. The rest of the work was completed in the 16th century. The striking Flamboyant west façade was completed in 1507 probably by Jean de Beauce, the architect who designed the north spire of Chartres Cathedral. The openwork Flamboyant tracery effectively dissolves the central gable. All of the tympana also feature Flamboyant stained glass.
Several different architectural styles are represented in the nave due to the long construction period, as evidenced in the abutment and the change of the profile types and ornaments in the crossing.
In regard to special features, the four Romanesque crossing piers with traces of their original painted decoration can be observed. The sixteenth-century stained-glass windows are among the special features of the church building. The choir stalls, also from the 16th century, are decorated with grotesque animal figures and scenes of the incurred in running work.
The exterior contrasts the transitional late-Romanesque/early-Gothic bell tower from the 12th century to the flames of decorative tracery on the west façade. From the cloister of the 14th century the south wing remains. Part of the former monastery building is now a museum, in which are exhibited murals from the Loire Valley and regional religious art from the Middle Ages and the Renaissance.
References
External links
Holy Trinity Abbey - Vendome
Benedictine monasteries in France
Buildings and structures in Loir-et-Cher
Churches in Loir-et-Cher
Glenn Brenner (January 2, 1948 – January 14, 1992) was a broadcast journalist and sports commentator in Washington, D.C., in the United States from 1977 to 1991. They were best known as the sports anchor for WUSA-TV from 1977 until 1991. At the time of their death in 1992 from a brain tumor, they were not only the most highly paid broadcast journalist in Washington but also the most popular broadcaster in the D.C. metropolitan area.
Life and career
Early life
Glenn Brenner was born on January 2, 1948, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Bill and Edie Brenner. At the age of four, they wanted to be a major league baseball player.
Brenner attended Abraham Lincoln High School. By the time they were in their senior year, however, basketball seemed to be in Brenner's future, as they were already tall. They led their high school basketball team to 26 straight victories. In their senior year in 1965, Lincoln High School lost the city championship game to Bishop Neumann High School, 75 to 66. Baseball remained Brenner's dream, however. Even though they only had one good pitch (a fastball), the New York Mets signed them to a minor league contract after they graduated from high school. They played for the Marion Mets in the Appalachian League, and eventually was brought up to play Class AA baseball. But in 1969, Brenner hurt their arm while playing in the Florida Instructional League, and the Mets sold them to the Philadelphia Phillies. They played Class AAA baseball in the Mexican League, but continuing problems with their throwing arm forced them to quit baseball in 1972.
Brenner knew early that they were not going to have much of a career in professional baseball. While still playing with the Mets, coach Birdie Tebbetts watched them pitch a terrible game. When Tebbetts came out to the mound, Brenner asked them what was wrong. Tebbetts replied, "Horse-spit pitcher"—and Brenner knew their time in the big leagues was finished. While playing minor league baseball, Brenner attended Temple University and then Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia. They graduated from Saint Joseph's with a bachelor's degree in political science and Communication studies.
Early broadcasting career
Brenner sold cars for a few months before turning to sports broadcasting after leaving the Phillies. Their first job was with radio station WMVB in Millville, New Jersey. They read an advertisement for the position, and applied. They later said, "I lied so bad to get that first job. I told the boss I was an announcer from Philadelphia, and they took that to mean I was a Philadelphia announcer. I had never even been inside a radio station." Brenner was paid $79 a week, and commuted from Philadelphia to Millville very day. The lasted only a short period of time, and Brenner moved to New Haven, Connecticut, to seek work. After living there only a short time, they returned to Philadelphia and joined radio station WFIL, where they worked for two years as a news reporter and in promotions. Brenner turned to sportscasting in 1975, and took a position at WOWK-TV in Huntington, West Virginia.
Brenner's big break came in 1976, when they joined KYW-TV in Philadelphia. Brenner developed their on-air personality during their stint at KYW, becoming well known for their humor and irreverence. They often called the scoreboard the "boreboard", and made jokes about himself, sports teams, and athletes on the air (much to management's discomfort). In one well-known incident, KYW introduced a flashy, high-technology set that resembled the bridge of the Starship Enterprise. When the news anchor turned to Brenner to ask for the sports report, Brenner stood and announced, "We, the jury, find the defendant not guilty!" The angry news director resolved to fire Brenner as soon as a replacement could be found.
Career at WUSA
KYW's news director happened to know Jim Snyder, the news director at WTOP-TV (as WUSA was then known) in Washington, D.C. They mentioned Brenner's on-air stunt, and told Snyder that Brenner would be let go in a short time. Intrigued with Brenner's on-air personality, Snyder reviewed tapes of Brenner's work and liked what they saw.
WTOP-TV was seeking a new sports anchor to replace local sports broadcaster Warner Wolf, who had left the WTOP-TV for a job with ABC Sports. The station had hired Mike Wolfe as the weeknight sportscaster, while weekend duties were held by Klaus Wagner. But Wagner wasn't working out, and WTOP-TV declined to renew their one-year contract. Brenner made their D.C. debut on March 4, 1977. Wolfe was fired on March 22, and Brenner appointed their replacement. Wolfe adopted a very macho and aggressive style on the air, including an unbuttoned dress shirt and a "take it or shove it" attitude towards fans and athletes that grated on many viewers. When evening news ratings began to decline, the station dismissed Wolfe with nine months left in their contract. Brenner was named the weeknight sportscaster.
Brenner's on-air style was to mix humor with sports. They told The Washington Post, "I'm talking to a group of people who are not that interested in what I have to say. They've proven that statistically. So what I want to do is keep their interest. And the way I can best do that is to relate to them." One of their signature bits included the "Weenie of the Week", in which they poked fun at bombastic professional athletes or unsportsmanlike behavior. When egotistical athletes did things which embarrassed others, Brenner often took them to task during the "Weenie of the Week" segment. In November 1987, Washington Redskins football players Clarence Verdin and Ricky Sanders performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" at Madison Square Garden (forgetting the words and singing off-key) on Veterans Day; Brenner mixed footage of their performance with footage of actor Pia Zadora similarly mangling the national anthem at a National Basketball Association game. Hundreds of angry fans complained, and Brenner apologized at both the 6:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. newscasts the next day. But they refused to read an additional statement on the air, and was given a one-day suspension. Jibes at athletes, sports team owners, and others were common during Brenner's career, and yet they were so respected and well-liked that few people ever became angry with him.
Another of Brenner's gimmicks was their Friday night "mystery picker"—a local or national celebrity who would be asked to pick winners of various athletic contests. Among the "mystery pickers" were CBS News co-anchor Connie Chung, former Washington Redskins quarterback Sonny Jurgensen, boxer Sugar Ray Leonard, CBS News anchor Dan Rather, comedian Paul Reubens, Redskins quarterback Mark Rypien, actor William Shatner, singing group The Temptations, and local nun Sister Marie Louise Kirkland. Sister Marie Louise turned out to be a phenomenally good sports prognosticator, and Brenner's repeated use of them became an international story. People magazine made it a cover story.
Viewers also enjoyed Brenner's banter with WTOP-TV news anchor Gordon Peterson, an authoritative figure in a three-piece suit with much on-air gravitas. Brenner often ribbed Peterson for their lifelong support of the also-ran Boston Red Sox major league baseball team. Brenner and Peterson became best of friends, and their jokes at one another's expense became local legend. One of Peterson's favorite bits was to keep speaking, using up the five minutes allotted to Brenner for sports news. Brenner would be forced to read the sports news as fast as they could, and then collapsed on the desk as if exhausted. In another common gag, Brenner would turn to Peterson and say, "You can ask me anything you want because you're the anchor"—at which point Petersen would attempt to stump Brenner with sports trivia or ask some embarrassing question.
Later at WTOP-TV, Brenner invented "Encore Wednesday". Since sports news was slow during mid-week, Brenner decided to highlight great sports moments each Wednesday night as a means of filling time and giving sports fans knowledge about their sport's great moments.
Brenner also moved beyond nightly news. In the early 1980s, Brenner teamed with former Redskins quarterback Sonny Jurgensen to host the popular Redskins Sidelines Sunday afternoon sports show, which focused on the Redskins football team.
Brenner became one of the city's most popular broadcasters. Their fans included President Ronald Reagan (himself a former sportscaster), Reagan's successor as president, George H. W. Bush, their wife Barbara, and CBS News anchor Dan Rather.
In 1981, Brenner signed a contract with what was by then WDVM-TV (which WTOP-TV had changed its call letters to on June 26, 1978) that paid them $750,000 a year, paid their children's college tuition, and included a $1 million life insurance policy. The long-term contract was believed by The Washington Post to be a record for both the high level of pay and benefits as well as the long number of years it covered. On July 4, 1986, WDVM-TV changed its call letters to WUSA.
Brenner signed a five-year contract with WUSA in 1991 which paid them almost $1 million a year. The contract included a deferred salary, and paid their children's college tuition.
Brenner was nominated for and won numerous Associated Press and United Press International local broadcasting awards. The National Association of Sportswriters and Sportscasters named them "Washington Sportscaster of the Year" in 1989 and 1990.
Death
On November 3, 1991, Brenner participated in the Marine Corps Marathon in Washington, D.C. They fell ill after crossing the finish line, and their physicians diagnosed a "vascular event". Two blood vessels in their head had ruptured and they had numbness on their left side, slight slurring of speech, and double vision. Their doctors at George Washington University Hospital ruled out a stroke, however. Brenner began physical therapy. But on November 17, 1991, The Washington Post reported that Brenner's doctor, Arthur I. Kobrine, confirmed the broadcaster had suffered a cerebral hemorrhage. They underwent an MR angiogram and a radiographical angiogram, but neither showed anything abnormal.
Brenner's physical condition initially improved. They were released from the hospital after Thanskgiving. They began to regain use of their left arm, they were walking again, and the double vision had largely gone away. Although they were expected to return to the air in early January, Brenner began suffering from vomiting and dizziness. WUSA said they would not return to the air for another four to six weeks. On Friday, January 10, 1992, Brenner's physical condition declined rapidly and they were taken to George Washington University Hospital. An MRI later that day revealed a large mass in the brainstem. At 9:30 a.m. on January 11, surgeons operated on Brenner for four hours and discovered an inoperable malignant brain tumor. Bleeding in the brain had masked the tumor in previous exams. Their prognosis was "poor," and they were listed in critical condition.
On Sunday, January 12, the Washington Redskins dedicated their NFC Championship game to Brenner. The Redskins handily defeated the Detroit Lions, 41-to-10, and went on to win Super Bowl XXVI two weeks later. Redskins coach Joe Gibbs brought the Championship game ball to Brenner in the hospital.
Brenner died at 7:58 a.m. on Tuesday, January 14, 1992 (just 12 days after their 44th birthday) at George Washington University Hospital. WUSA aired a half-hour special that night covering their career. Many citizens in the D.C. area were in shock for several days. President George H. W. Bush issued a statement upon Brenner's death, which said, "Barbara and I are greatly saddened by the untimely death of Glenn Brenner, a man whose wit and ability has endeared them to so many Washingtonians. The suddenness of their death, and the warmth of their personality, leave all of us with a painful emptiness." Former President Ronald Reagan also issued a statement, in which they said, "Today the entire Washington community mourns the loss of Glenn Brenner, a dear friend to all of us who knew him. They truly are a broadcasting great, bringing sports to life with their talent and dedication. Glenn set a wonderful example by their constant involvement in local causes and displayed a real concern for their community."
Brenner's funeral was held at National Presbyterian Church in Washington, D.C. on January 17, 1992. More than 1,500 mourners attended. They were buried at Oak Hill Cemetery in the Georgetown neighborhood of the city.
Legacy
In a 2010 retrospective, former WTTG and WUSA sportscaster Brett Haber noted that Brenner was well known outside the mid-Atlantic region. Brenner also continued to be the standard to which all regional sports broadcasters aspired, even 18 years after their death.
The Washington City Paper said that sportscaster George Michael might have been better-known nationwide due to their George Michael's Sports Machine, but that Michael remained the Salieri to Brenner's Mozart. The newspaper's Dave McKenna noted, "I worshipped Brenner. Everybody I knew around here when Brenner was on the air worshipped the guy."
The Washington, D.C. chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences named its Glenn Brenner Award for Excellence in Sportscasting after him.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
1948 births
1992 deaths
American television sports announcers
Burials at Oak Hill Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)
Deaths from brain cancer in Washington, D.C.
Saint Joseph's University alumni
Television anchors from Washington, D.C.
The Happets (, ; also shortened to La tròpa de trapo) is a 2010 Spanish 3D computer animated stop-motion film directed and produced by Àlex Colls from a script by Lola Beccaria, loosely based on a Catalan children's preschool show of the same name that aired on the Catalan TV3. It was released on 29 October 2010 in Spain, and won Best Animated Film at the 3rd Gaudí Awards.
Premise
Mumu, a little cow, abandons their non-glam friends to become a star with very cool sheep, however, they soon comes to rue their decision.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the 5th Madrid de Cine-Spanish Film Screenings in Madrid on 22 June 2010. It was released theatrically in Spain on 29 October 2010 by Alta Films.
Accolades
Won Best Animated Film at the Gaudí Awards.
Nominated for the Goya Award for Best Animated Film at the 25th Goya Awards.
See also
List of 3D films (2005 onwards)
References
External links
2010 films
2010 3D films
2010 animated films
Spanish animated films
2010s Spanish-language films
The Classical Groups: Their Invariants and Representations is a mathematics book by , which describes classical invariant theory in terms of representation theory. It is largely responsible for the revival of interest in invariant theory, which had been almost killed off by David Hilbert's solution of its main problems in the 1890s.
gave an informal talk about the topic of their book. There was a second edition in 1946.
Contents
Chapter I define invariants and other basic ideas and describes the relation to Felix Klein's Erlangen program in geometry.
Chapter II describes the invariants of the special and general linear group of a vector space V on the polynomials over a sum of copies of V and its dual. It uses the Capelli identity to find an explicit set of generators for the invariants.
Chapter III studies the group ring of a finite group and its decomposition into a sum of matrix algebras.
Chapter IV discusses Schur–Weyl duality between representations of the symmetric and general linear groups.
Chapters V and VI extend the discussion of invariants of the general linear group in chapter II to the orthogonal and symplectic groups, showing that the ring of invariants is generated by the obvious ones.
Chapter VII describes the Weyl character formula for the characters of representations of the classical groups.
Chapter VIII on invariant theory proves Hilbert's theorem that invariants of the special linear group are finitely generated.
Chapter IX and X give some supplements to the previous chapters.
References
Invariant theory
Representation theory
Mathematics books
The 1972 Copa Libertadores de América Finals was the final two-legged tie to determine the champion of the 1972 edition of Copa Libertadores. It was contested by Argentine club Independiente and Peruvian club Universitario. The first leg of the tie was played on May 17 at Estadio Nacional in Lima with the second leg played on May 24 at Estadio de Independiente in Avellaneda.
Independiente won 2-1 on aggregate, achieving its third Copa Libertadores title.
Qualified teams
Venues
Match details
First leg
Second leg
References
1
Copa Libertadores Finals
Copa Libertadores Final 1973
Copa Libertadores Final 1973
1972 in Peruvian football
Copa
Football in Avellaneda
The 2014 Ottawa Gee-Gees football team represents the University of Ottawa in the 2014 CIS football season. They are led by second-year head coach Jamie Barresi and play their home games at Gee-Gees Field. They are a member of the Ontario University Athletics conference. They began their season on September 1, where they defeated the York Lions 51-7 at home. Their regular season ended on October 25 with a 38-18 home win against the #3 McMaster Marauders. They gained the 5th seed in the OUA playoffs and where they traveled to Windsor to play the Lancers on November 1 coming away with a 46-29 win. They advanced to take on McMaster in the OUA semifinals, where after holding a lead over the team that would eventually go on to lose in the Vanier Cup, their season came to an end with a 42-31 loss.
Personnel
Coaching staff
Schedule
Schedule Source:
Game summaries
York
The Gee-Gees opened their 2014 campaign with a resounding 51-7 win over the York Lions. Junior quarterback Derek Wendel completed 24 of 26 passes for 341 yards and four touchdown passes. Junior running back Mack Tommy led a Gee-Gees rushing attack that racked up 267 yards, 105 of those yards and a TD coming from Tommy.
The game would become the Gee-Gees the largest margin of victory in the 2014 regular season.
@ Queen's
The #16 Gee-Gees would go on the road to take on the 2013 Yates Cup finalist #9 Queen's Gaels. The first quarter was all Gee-Gees as they took the ball 91 yards down the field on 5 plays to open the scoring on a 31-yard Vincent Campbell TD catch. They'd add another seven minutes later on an 11-yard Mack Tommy run. Queen's would come alive in the second quarter. On the quarter's opening play, Gaels' quarterback Billy McPhee threw a TD get Queen's on the board. With 5:39 to go in the half, Queen's took their first lead, 17-14, with a touchdown pass to Jonah Pataki.
In the fourth quarter the Gee-Gees would put up 21 points to steal a comeback win and hand Queen's their first loss at Richardson Stadium in three years. QB Derek Wendel finished 35 for 52 passing, tallying 401 yards through the air, and three TD passes while also leading the team in rushing with 104 yards on the ground.
Following the win, the Gee-Gees would move to become the #8 team in the nation.
Guelph
@ Carleton
@ Toronto
Waterloo
@ Windsor
McMaster
OUA Playoff Quarterfinal @ Windsor
OUA Playoff Semifinal @ McMaster
Awards and honours
J. P. Metras Trophy
Ettore Lattanzio
Honours
OUA All-Stars
First Team
Ettore Lattanzio
Second Team
Adam Valchuk
Nick Lecour
All-Rookie Team
Jackson Bennett
All-Canadians
Ettore Lattanzio
References
2014 in Canadian football
Ottawa Gee-Gees football seasons
Ottawa Gee-Gees football
"When I'm Alone" is a single from Catching a Tiger, American folk rock singer Lissie's debut album. The song was written in London with Jim Irvin and Julian Emery, who also collaborated with Lissie on the singles "In Sleep" and "Cuckoo". It was released on June 18, 2010 for digital download and serves as the debut single in the UK & Ireland.
In December 2010 it was selected as iTunes UK's Song Of The Year.
The song was also featured in the end credits of the 2014 comedy Dumb and Dumber To, starring Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels.
Track listing
Chart performance
"When I'm Alone" entered the UK Singles Chart on June 27, 2010, at number 55, it dropped to number 68 the next week and in its third week to dropped to number 92.
Certifications
References
2010 singles
Songs written by Jim Irvin
Songs written by Julian Emery
2010 songs
Columbia Records singles
Song recordings produced by Jacquire King
Martin Mill railway station serves the small village of Martin Mill in East Kent. The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern. The booking office is open only on weekday mornings however a ticket machine (card only) on the Dover-bound platform caters for out-of-hours ticketing. For many years the ticket office acted as a Post Office for the local community.
Services
All services at Martin Mill are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London St Pancras International
1 tph to
During the peak hours, the station is also served by a number of services between Ramsgate and London Charing Cross via .
History
The station was opened on 15 June 1881 by the Dover and Deal Joint Railway when it opened the line from an end-on connection at to Buckley Junction near Dover. The line was the only one jointly owned by the rival South Eastern Railway and London, Chatham and Dover Railway and remained independent until the Grouping. The line has been described as one of the more spectacular in southern England with Martin Mill at the apex on a 400-foot-high plateau.
The station was built with two platforms either side of a double track, a signal box was located to the south with a goods yard to the south east. The goods yard could handle most types of goods including live stock and it was equipped with a 10-ton crane.
The station was host to a Southern Railway camping coach from 1938 to 1939. Two camping coaches were positioned here by the Southern Region from 1954 to 1959, then three coaches in 1960 and 1961 then they were replaced by three Pullman camping coaches from 1962 to 1967.
Military history
Martin Mill also served as an important station during both the First and Second World Wars. During the construction of Dover Harbour in 1897 a single track branch was constructed to bring in materials from Martin Mill. The track ran over the surface of the high chalk plateau parallel with the Dover-Deal main line, before climbing up to the summit just at the entrance to Guston tunnel. From there, it ascended to the cliff top, 350 ft above sea level. It then descended in a zig-zag formation on a vertiginous shelf which was cut into the cliff, leading down to the eastern part of the harbour. The route was reopened during both wars, and operated mainly by Royal Engineers to deploy mounted artillery on the cliff edge. During the Second World War, the branch served the many gun batteries along the white cliffs between Dover and St Margarets. Along this track ran two track-mounted 14-inch guns/cannons nicknamed Winnie (after Winston Churchill) and Pooh (after the fictional bear). During the war they fired into France at German targets.
This line also ran down to Dover Harbour along a cliff road.
References
External links
Dover District
Railway stations in Kent
Former Dover and Deal Joint Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1881
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1881 establishments in England
The Tsitsa River (; ) is a river in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa. It is a tributary of the Mzimvubu River and belongs to the Mzimvubu to Keiskamma Water Management Area.
Course
The Tsitsa rises in the Drakensberg 15 km to the SE of Rhodes, about 80 km west of Mount Frere, and flows eastwards. The Tsitsa Falls are located in its upper course, amidst a mountainous area of great beauty. Bending and flowing southwards for a few miles, the river passes east of Maclear, before it bends eastwards again. Finally it empties into the Mzimvubu River while passing through deep river gorges about 36 km southeast of Qumbu.
Its main tributaries are the Mooi River, Inxu River (Wildebeesrivier) and the Pot River.
The Tsitsa River used to form part of the western border of the former Transkei. Now the Tsitsa is a popular place for whitewater kayaking.
Dams in the basin
There are only relatively small dams in the Tsitsa River basin. The Maclear Dam on the Mooi River supplies water to Maclear town and the Ugie Dam on the Wildebeest River supplies water to Ugie town.
See also
List of rivers of South Africa
List of reservoirs and dams in South Africa
Mzimvubu River
References
External links
Mooi River Forum
Boskop Dam Nature Reserve, South Africa
Mzimvubu River
Rivers of the Eastern Cape
Rivers of South Africa
The Sentinel Hill is a residential area in West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Neighbourhoods in West Vancouver
Karl Rost (active 1880–1919) was a German entomologist and insect dealer.
From 1886 Rost was an insect dealer (Insekten-Händler) and professional insect collector in Berlin. They collected insects later offered for sale in Spain and Greece (annually 1887-1898). In 1899 they went on an expedition to Siberia and in 1900 -1901 collected in the Caucasus. In 1903 they went to Japan to collect insects for the Swiss collector George Meyer-Darcis (He went to Japan again in 1911) after two years in North-West India (1906 for Meyer-Darcis and 1907 for their dealership). Rost described many new species from these regions.
Parts of their personal collection are in the Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin and other parts are in the Zoologisch Museum Amsterdam. The rest were privately sold, many to the dealership Staudinger - Bang-Haas.
References
Walther Horn & Sigmund Schenkling: Index Litteraturae Entomologicae. Serie I: Die Welt-Literatur über die gesamte Entomologie bis inklusive 1863. Berlin 1928.
German entomologists
1919 deaths
Year of birth missing
Arthur Tempest Blakiston Dunn (12 August 1860 in Whitby, Yorkshire – 20 February 1902 in Ludgrove near Barnet, Hertfordshire) was a noted amateur footballer who founded the English boarding school, Ludgrove, in 1892.
Education
Dunn, son of a Cambridge University mathematics professor, was educated at Eton College, then entered Trinity College, Cambridge in 1880, graduating B.A. in 1884, and M.A. in 1887.
Football career
Dunn played football for Eton College, and was a Cambridge University football blue in 1883 and 1884.
C.W. Alcock described Dunn, who usually played inside-left as "A good centreforward, rather light, but has plenty of pluck, and is a sure shot at goal", and "has great pace, and both dribbles and middles well". Later in their playing career they moved into defence, appearing as right-back at both their England international appearances in 1892.
Dunn played in two FA Cup Finals for Old Etonians, contributing a pass to William Anderson for the only goal, thus winning the trophy 1–0 in 1882 against Blackburn Rovers, and being a runner-up in 1883 when their team lost 2–1 to Blackburn Olympic in extra time. During the latter game they went off with a knee injury early in the second half, an incident that many believed cost their side the cup, as with no substitutes allowed in those days the Old Etonians had to play on with ten men. Both finals were played at Kennington Oval.
They played four times for England, starting with a 7–0 thrashing of Ireland at Liverpool on 24 February 1883 during which they scored twice. Almost exactly a year later they played against Ireland again as England this time won 8–1 in Belfast. Their third cap came on 5 March 1892 in a 2–0 victory over Wales at Wrexham, whilst their final international appearance was to end in a 4–1 win over Scotland at Ibrox Park, Glasgow, on 2 April the same year.
Dunn also appeared for the Corinthians between 1886–1892, and the Granta football club, as well as representing London, Cambridgeshire and Norfolk, and The South versus The North.
Other sports
Dunn was also an active cricketer at Minor County level with appearances for Norfolk from 1886 and Hertfordshire in 1898, and was a member of the Free Foresters. They also played ice hockey.
Educational career
Dunn started teaching as tutor to the Dunville family in Ireland in 1884–85. They were a master at Elstree School, Hertfordshire, from 1885 to 1892. In May 1892 they opened their own preparatory school, Ludgrove, at Ludgrove Hall, Cockfosters, near Barnet where they remained as principal until their death.
Death and legacy
They died in their sleep on 20 February 1902 at the young age of 41. In the week preceding their death, they had refereed a football match between Ludgrove's own XI and Oxford University and played hockey on the ice at Trent Park near the school, when they complained of tiredness. On the day they died they had visited the House of Commons with M.P. Colonel William Kenyon-Slaney, whose son was then a pupil at Ludgrove. They were buried at Little Shelford, Cambridgeshire, where they were brought up.
'ATB' left a widow and three children. Their youngest daughter, Olive Mary, became an author and also wrote for the satirical magazine Punch. Their only son, John H. M. Dunn, became a 2nd Lieutenant with the Royal Field Artillery and was killed in action in the First World War on the Somme in September 1916. Their eldest daughter, Marjorie Florence, was awarded an MBE in 1920 for their work with the Red Cross during that war. Their wife Helen outlived them by 26 years and died in 1949 aged 81.
After their death the Arthur Dunn Cup was instituted in their memory, based on an idea they proposed shortly before their death. This is a football competition for 'Old Boys' teams of various leading independent schools, and was first competed for in the 1902–03 season.
Sporting honours
Old Etonians
F.A. Cup Final 1882 - winner.
F.A. Cup Final 1883 - runner-up.
References
External links
Corinthian Casuals F.C. - Player profiles
1860 births
People from Whitby
1902 deaths
People educated at Eton College
English footballers
England international footballers
Schoolteachers from Hertfordshire
Old Etonians F.C. players
Cambridge University A.F.C. players
Footballers from North Yorkshire
Corinthian F.C. players
People from Little Shelford
Association football forwards
FA Cup Final players
Heads of schools in London
Belvedere is an unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. Belvedere is at the junction of state routes 62 and 141, north of Newport and south of Prices Corner, from downtown Wilmington. Belvedere uses the Wilmington ZIP code of 19804.
Belvedere is mostly made up of single-family homes and the commercial center is located along Newport Gap Pike. The community is served by the Belvedere Volunteer Fire Company. Police service in Belvedere is provided by the New Castle County Police Department. Students in the community attend public schools in the Red Clay Consolidated School District. Belvedere is near a Delaware Army National Guard armory and the former Wilmington Assembly plant used by General Motors. The community has five churches. The Belvedere State Service Center is located in the community, and is home to the Belvedere Senior Center, an art studio, gymnasium, and a state service center that offers social services.
Belvedere was founded in 1908 as a community that housed African Americans who worked in nearby factories. In recent years, the community has seen issues with drugs and crime.
DART First State provides bus service to Belvedere, with the Route 9 bus running through the community on its route between Prices Corner and Wilmington. The Wilmington train station is nearby in Wilmington and is served by Amtrak and SEPTA Regional Rail's Wilmington/Newark Line.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in New Castle County, Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
Robert Hunter Morris (February 15, 1808 – October 24, 1855) was an attorney and the 64th Mayor of New York City.
Early career
Morris was born in New York City. Their father Robert Morris, a prominent judge, moved the family to Claverack, New York, where Morris was raised. They attended Washington Seminary, afterwards studying law and attaining admission to the bar. They initially practiced in Columbia County before moving to New York City.
They served as an assistant to U.S. Attorney James A. Hamilton and as a member of the New York State Assembly in 1833 and 1834. In 1838, New York Governor William L. Marcy appointed Morris Recorder of New York City, a position equivalent to a deputy mayor. They served in that capacity until 1841, when Governor William H. Seward removed them from office in connection with the Glentworth scandal.
Glentworth incident
The Glentworth conspiracy involved a plot by tobacco inspector James B. Glentworth to send workers from Pennsylvania to New York under the guise of laying pipes for the city, but in reality to cast votes for Whig Presidential candidate William Henry Harrison. Morris, the district attorney, and then-Mayor Isaac Varian feared that documents essential to the ensuing grand jury would be destroyed, and so went personally to seize the documents. Governor Seward removed Morris from office for their actions.
Later career
Morris, a Democrat, became involved in the Tammany Hall political machine in the early 1840s. They were elected mayor in 1841 by a slim margin, and again in 1842 and 1843 by more substantial margins. While serving as mayor in 1841, Morris took part in the investigation and arrest of John C. Colt for the murder of Samuel Adams.
In 1845 Morris was appointed Postmaster of New York City, and they served until 1849. In 1852 they became a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
Morris died in New York City on October 24, 1855. They were buried at St. Ann's Episcopal Church in South Bronx.
References
Bibliography
Obituary Addresses on the Occasion of the Death of the Hon. Robert H. Morris. 1855. Hayes, Hincks, Carey and Kempston.
Mayors of New York City
Members of the New York State Assembly
1808 births
1855 deaths
People from Columbia County, New York
New York City Recorders
Claverack College alumni
New York (state) Democrats
New York Supreme Court Justices
Postmasters of New York City
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Zavareh Bid (, also Romanized as Zavāreh Bīd; also known as Zavār Bīd and ‘Alīābād-e Zavāreh Bīd) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 467, in 87 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Charles Aubrey "Mickey" LeMaistre (February 10, 1924 – January 28, 2017) was an American physician, medical educator, and academic administrator who served as chancellor of the University of Texas System from 1971 to 1978 and as president of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center from 1978 to 1996. They also have the dubious distinction of serving on the board of directors of the Enron Corporation.
Biography
LeMaistre was born in 1924 in Lockhart, Alabama. They received their Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Alabama and earned their medical degree from Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University in 1947. They did their medical residency in New York Hospital and completed a fellowship in tuberculosis and infectious diseases at Cornell University. They began their career split between teaching at Cornell and in the U. S. Public Health Service, Epidemic Intelligence Service. In 1954, at the age of 29, LeMaistre was offered a department chairpersonship at Cornell. Instead they left for Emory University, where they continued their work in infectious diseases and developed a particular interest in prevention. They helped set up a department of preventive medicine and served as its first chairperson.
They left Emory in 1959 for the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School as a professor of internal medicine. They later are named associate dean and then became vice chancellor for health affairs. They were elected as chancellor of the University of Texas System in 1971. As chancellor, they directed a huge expansion of the UT System that included new medical schools in Houston and San Antonio and new universities in Dallas, Odessa and San Antonio. In 1978 they were named president of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. During their 18-year tenure, M. D. Anderson has become a world leader in outpatient care for cancer patients and has the nation's largest ambulatory treatment and ambulatory surgery programs in cancers. They have served as national president of the American Cancer Society and as president of the Damon Runyon-Walter Winchell Cancer Fund.
LeMaistre retired in 1996, concluding a distinguished medical career after 18 years as president of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. They were President Emeritus of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, and had an active voluntary patient advocacy with their wife Andreae.
They received many awards, among them, distinguished alumnus awards from the University of Alabama and Cornell University, the President's Award from the American Lung Association and the Gibson D. Lewis Award for Excellence in Cancer Control. They were also chosen Outstanding Texas Leader by the 7th Annual John Ben Sheppard Public Leadership Forum. They were a member of Alabama Academy of Honor. They received numerous honorary degrees in recognition of their achievements in medicine, higher education, and public health. In 2015, LeMaistre was inducted into the Healthcare Hall of Fame.
LeMaistre died on January 28, 2017 in Houston.
References
1924 births
2017 deaths
People from Covington County, Alabama
Cornell University alumni
University of Alabama alumni
Physicians from Alabama
Emory University faculty
Cornell University faculty
Chancellors of the University of Texas System
University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center faculty
Thomaston is an unincorporated community in Hanna Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
History
The Thomaston station was located at the junction of two railroads.
Geography
Thomaston is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Harbor Square, formerly Shore Mall, is a shopping plaza (formerly a shopping mall) in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States on U.S. Route 40/U.S. Route 322 originally known as "Searstown". The plaza is accessible from Exit 36 off the Garden State Parkway. The plaza is owned by Aetna Realty. The plaza has a gross leasable area of 337,423 ft², formerly 620,000 ft² when it was a mall, located on of land. The plaza's anchor store includes Boscov's.
History
1968-1988
Shore Mall originally opened in 1968 as an open-air mall called Searstown. Original anchor stores included Sears, Grant City and a Pantry Pride supermarket. Between 1971 and 1974, the mall was enclosed and expanded, with regional up-market department store Steinbach being added as a fourth anchor store. A time capsule was buried next to the Steinbach store to be opened 100 years later on March 20, 2074. Grant City was shuttered in 1976 when the chain declared bankruptcy; by the end of the year, JCPenney opened in the former Grant City space. Pantry Pride was subsequently replaced with Foodtown, and the mall was renamed Shore Mall.
In 1987, Developer Kravco Company (Kravco Company LLC) and JCP Realty, the development arm of JCPenney, opened the new Hamilton Mall about 5 miles west on the Black Horse Pike (U.S. Route 40 and U.S. Route 322). This caused problems with the Shore Mall, because the Sears and JCPenney anchors moved to the Hamilton Mall. With the two anchors gone, Shore Mall underwent a fair sized renovation enclosing the still open-air portion between the two anchors (pictured to the right in December 2012) as well as re-tiling the mall to its current blue and white color scheme.
In 1988 Clover, a discount chain owned by the Strawbridge's chain (now Macy's), soon opened in the former JCPenney/Grant City space, while Boscov's replaced the former Sears. Circuit City opened in the former Foodtown, which closed in the early 1990s. Steinbach went out of business in 1995 but was replaced in 1996 with Value City Department Store. Clover closed in 1997 when that chain also faced closure by its parent company, becoming Burlington Coat Factory a year later.
2004-2010
In 2004, Circuit City moved to a strip mall called Hamilton Commons near the Hamilton Mall. The Circuit City's location at the mall was replaced with a K&G Fashion Superstore in 2006 (which has since closed). Since then it has remained vacant but in 2012 it was rented by The Spirit Halloween Costume Store as a seasonal tenant. In January 2006, the Shore Mall was sold Cedar Realty Trust (Formally Cedar Shopping Centers) for $36.5 million. Their initial plan was to "de-mall" the mall converting it into an open-air plaza.
In 2008, the Value City store at Shore Mall was among 24 locations sold by Value City's parent company to Burlington Coat Factory. The store closed on September 21, 2008 and remained vacant until it was occupied temporarily by The Community Food Bank of New Jersey in 2011-2012 while their permanent location was torn down and reconstructed.
Construction began in 2010 on a Golden Corral restaurant near the main entrance to the mall (where the former Dairy Queen stood, before moving into the outer building where the AT&T store and Wells Fargo bank are located) and opened in 2011.
In August 2010, Cedar Shopping Centers applied for a state Economic Redevelopment and Growth(ERG) grant in the amount of $3 million to $41 million. The grant would be used to help finance an $87 million revamp of the mall. The plan called for demolishing most of the mall (except Boscov's, Burlington Coat Factory, and all everything else that can be seen from the Black Horse Pike), then converting the site to a strip mall with four additional large stores. It also includes $23 million for transportation upgrades such as a reconfiguration of Exit 36 of the Garden State Parkway, an intersection between West Jersey Avenue and the Black Horse Pike, and a boulevard style road network.
2012-present
In July 2012, Cedar Realty Trust stated that they will be razing 1/3 (over 250,000 square feet) of the mall including the former Value City location. Most tenants will have to relocate as the space will be torn down. After demolition, Cedar Realty Trust plans to do some improvements to the location such as a new south entrance to what is remained of the main shopping center, new landscaping, parking lot improvements, and fencing off the excess land in the rear part of the property to put up for sale as vacant commercial land unless phases of new development occur under the owner.
On January 28, 2013, the Steinbach Time Capsule was dug up in a small ceremony due to demolition process needing it to be moved. The plaque and contents of the capsule were given to the Egg Harbor Township Historical Society who will create a display in remembrance of the mall at their location. Demolition continued through early-mid 2013, including the former Value City store.
The Motor Vehicle Commission office closed on August 23 and August 24, 2013, due to demolition of the back of the mall and the relocation to behind Boscov's which opened on August 26
The center was renamed Harbor Square in October 2013. In February 2014, Cedar Realty Trust sold Harbor Square to Aetna Realty for $25 million.
In early 2017 the Carrabba's was closed abruptly along with 13 others due to under performance, in Fall 2019, Burlington Coat Factory moved to Consumer Square in Mays Landing.
Gallery
References
External links
Shore Mall Demographics under parent company Cedar Realty Trust.
Shore Mall Pictures
Announcement of Mall Demolition
Prepping Closure of the Mall
Leasing Brochure, Before Demolition and Renovation
Deadmalls.com Commentary on The Shore Mall
Buildings and structures in Atlantic County, New Jersey
Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey
Shopping malls in New Jersey
Shopping malls established in 1968
Tourist attractions in Atlantic County, New Jersey
Charlton railway station is a railway station in south east London.
Charlton railway station may also refer to:
Charlton railway station, Victoria, Australia
Charlton (Northumberland) railway station, England
Charlton Halt railway station (Bristol), England
Charlton Halt railway station (Oxfordshire), England
The Ambassador of the United Kingdom to Afghanistan is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Afghanistan, and head of the UK's diplomatic mission in Kabul. The official title is Their Britannic Majesty's Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
The Treaty of Rawalpindi of 1921 provided for the exchange of diplomatic representatives between the two countries. Until 1948 the British ministers in Kabul were members of the Indian Political Service, appointed by the Foreign Office.
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary
1922–1929: Sir Francis Humphrys
1929–1935: Sir Richard Maconachie
1935–1941: Sir William Fraser-Tytler
1941–1943: Sir Francis Wylie
1943–1948: Sir Giles Squire
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
1948–1949: Sir Giles Squire
1949–1951: Sir John Gardener
1951–1953: Eric Lingeman
1953–1957: Sir Daniel Lascelles
1957–1963: Sir Michael Gillett
1963–1965: Sir Arthur de la Mare
1965–1968: Sir Gordon Whitteridge
1968–1972: Peers Lee Carter
1972–1976: John Drinkall
1976–1979: Kenneth Crook
1979–1980: Norman Hillier-Fry
1981–1984: John Garner (chargé d'affaires – no ambassador after the beginning of the Soviet–Afghan War)
1984–1987: Charles Drace-Francis (chargé d'affaires)
1987–1989: Ian Mackley (chargé d'affaires)
1989–2000: No representation
2001–2002: Stephen Evans (chargé d'affaires)
2002–2003: Ronald Nash
2003–2006: Dame
Rosalind Marsden
2006–2007: Stephen Evans
2007–2009: Sir Sherard Cowper-Coles
2009–2010: Sir Mark Sedwill
2010–2012: Sir William Patey
2012–2015: Sir Richard Stagg
2015–2016: Dame Karen Pierce
2016–2017: Dominic Jermey
2017–2018: Sir Nicholas Kay
2018–2019: Giles Lever (chargé d'affaires)
2019–2021: Alison Blake
June-November 2021: Sir Laurie Bristow
2021-present: Dr Martin Longden (non-resident chargé d'affaires based at the British Embassy in Doha following the fall of Kabul).
References
External links
UK in Afghanistan, gov.uk
Afghanistan
United Kingdom
Sazonovka () is a rural locality (a village) in Staromatinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 12 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Sazonovka is located 22 km northeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yana-Turmush is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Jaime Enrique Aymara Reinoso (Quito, June 24, 1968) is an Ecuadorian singer and actor of tecnocumbia, tecnopaseíto bachata, national music, pasillo, pump Bolero, jukebox pop music merengue, pop-flamenco, cumbia pop ballads, salsa, vallenato reggaeton and waltz. The lyrics of their songs are based on true stories of people in their country is known as "The idol of Ecuador" and "The idol of Quinceañeras", besides being much in demand in Latin concerts performed abroad as it is known for Ecuadorian emigrants.
Early life and education
Aymara was born in Quito, Ecuador, in the San Roque on June 24, 1968 in the district of San Roque. They were a member of the choir at the Republic of Chile school and the San Pedro Pascual school. In 1989 they terminated their studies at the Central University of Ecuador, after having completed 2 years at the School of Dentistry to dedicate themselves completely to music. At 17 years old, they left Quito for Guayaquil, to participate in a singing contest on the Chispazos program, put on by the TC television station. They earned third place. They founded "Dinastía Aymara" (Aymara Dynasty) with their brothers Azucena, Gustavo, Tamara, Marlon and Gus. They also have a son and a daughter.
Career
Aymara began their professional career in 1989 at the age of 17 and recorded the song Mi Linda Muchachita, which was well received throughout the country. Radio announcer, Armando Heredia, announced them as "el ídolo de las quiciañeras" (the Quinceañera idol), and they have been known as such ever since. Throughout their career they have used various musical genres including pasillo, bolero, vals, bomba and música popular. In 2000 they gained national and international popularity with their technocumbia album titled Dime como se olvida. The following year they produced Lágrimas de hombre. In 2002 they released the single Así es el Amor from the album Ya no quiero llorar which earned them Latin radio media recognition for Album of the Year in Europe. That same year they were named one of the sexiest Ecuadorian men by Vistazo. In 2003 they won the Premiso Lo Nuestro award for best tropical male singer, awarded by La Onda magazine and TC Television, for their DVD Que la Detengan. This contained familiar material with a mix of all their hits and new songs which included Pop-Flamenco.<ref.</ref>
In 2004, they produced an album with tropical rhythms titled Tarjetita de Invitación. In 2005 they won greater acceptance among Ecuadorans residing in Europe, leading to several shows in (Germany), Switzerland, England, Spain, Italy, France and Belgium. They were also the first Ecuadoran artist to reach Sweden. They also toured the United States, Canada, Peru and Colombia successfully. They returned with a new album composed of reggaeton songs entitled Mis Mejores 20 Éxitos, which they recorded in Europe. From July 5 of that year they were busy with a new album named Corazón de Piedra, in which they sang their classics plus new techno-cumbia, bolero, reggaeton sounds, among others.
In 2007, they participated in the reality show Bailando por un sueño on Gamavisión where they won third place. As a result of the fame they got at the national level by the reality show, they decided to introduce to the Ecuadoran market a perfume with a male and female fragrance, which they called "Jaime Enrique Aymara" and "Gaby" respectively . Later that same year they released an album with salsa and bolero rhythms entitled Mi Historia Musical.
They also ventured into acting and drama series with appearances in Pasado y Confeso, De La Vida Real, Las Zuquillo, Acolítame, Mostro de Amor, Puro Teatro and they were in the movie Zuquillo Exprés.
They had a lead role as José boyfriend of Juliana, played by tecnocumbia singer Hipatia Balseca, in a film by Carlos Piñeiros entitled Desde Abajo, which premiered in April 2009. On October 30, they performed a re-edited version of El Arbolito with rock and cumbia fusiones alongside the Quito rock group, Estación Zero. This was done in honor of the Argentine Peruvian group Néctar, who died in a car accident in 2007 . The idea of the fusion of genres was proposed by Hugo Albuja, vocalist for Estación Zero. It was recorded by Juan Manuel Jacome, a member of the TercerMundo band.
In September 2011, Aymara launched new material entitled Te eché al olvido and was hired as host of a new morning show called Cinco minutos más on TV Canela, alongside Katty Egas, former member of tecnocumbia group, Tierra Canela.
In 2012, they have released new material entitled Mala Mujer with humorous topics such El Cholero 2. Because of their background and experience they were hired as a judge on the reality show Ecuador Tiene Talento (Ecuador has talent) along with Karla Kanora and Diego Spotorno.
Discography
Phonograms
Videograms
Filmography
References
External links
Fonogramas – Videogramas
Discografía
Biografía: Jaime Enrique Aymara
El Popular – Jaime Enrique Aymara defiende a su hermana
Ecuador TV – Jaime Enrique Aymara
Jaime Enrique Aymara enfrenta juicio de alimentos en demanda de paternidad
Cuencano logró tener su radio en Nueva York
Recuerdos y anécdotas, los famosos Jaime Enrique Aymara, Jalal Dubois y Sergio Sacoto comparten las experiencias de la infancia en su primer día de clases
‘Aymara no quiere más gente en su programa'
1968 births
Living people
People from Quito
21st-century Ecuadorian male singers
20th-century Ecuadorian male singers
The Woodside Elementary School District is a single school K-8 public school district in the San Francisco Bay Area, serving incorporated Woodside. Students from this school district who continue on with public schooling matriculate to the Sequoia Union High School District.
It has Woodside Preschool, located on the elementary school campus; Woodside Elementary School (TK-5), which has about 300 students; and Woodside Middle School.
References
External links
School districts in San Mateo County, California
Novoagbyazovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Starosharashlinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 197 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Novoagbyazovo is located 14 km northwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novoalmetyevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
There were two Governments of the 2nd Dáil, which were Ministries of Dáil Éireann, the assembly of Dáil Éireann that was the legislature of the Irish Republic, a unilaterally declared state which lasted from 1919 to 1922. The Second Dáil was elected at the 1921 Irish elections on 24 May 1921. The 3rd Ministry (26 August 1921 – 9 January 1922) was led by Éamon de Valera as president and lasted 136 days. De Valera resigned as president after the Dáil voted to accept the Anglo-Irish Treaty. The 4th Ministry (10 January – 9 September 1922) was led by Arthur Griffith as president. Griffith died in office on 12 August 1922, but a new Dáil ministry was not formed until 9 September 1922. Griffith served 214 days as president, with a further 28 days between their death and the appointment of W. T. Cosgrave as their successor by the Dáil.
The Provisional Government of Ireland, established under the terms of the Treaty, overlapped with the later period of Ministries of Dáil Éireann. The 1st Provisional Government was led by Michael Collins as Chairman of the Provisional Government from 16 January 1922 until their death on 22 August 1922. On 25 August 1925, W. T. Cosgrave was appointed as their successor, with the other members of the new Provisional Government appointed on 30 September. The 1st Provisional Government lasted 218 days from the appointment of Collins until their death, with three days elapsing until the appointment of Cosgrave as their successor.
3rd Ministry
The members of the 2nd Dáil first met on 16 August 1921. The outgoing Ministry of Dáil Éireann did not resign immediately. On 26 August 1921, Éamon de Valera resigned as president. De Valera was then proposed by Seán Mac Eoin and seconded by Richard Mulcahy to the position of President of the Irish Republic and approved unanimously. This was a change of title, suggesting that de Valera was now considered as the head of state of the Irish Republic, rather than only its head of government.
De Valera then proposed the members of the 3rd Ministry of the Irish Republic (26 August 1921 – 9 January 1922), which were approved by the Dáil.
4th Ministry
On 7 January 1922, the Anglo-Irish Treaty was approved by Dáil Éireann in a vote of 64 to 57. Among those voting against were President de Valera. On Monday 9 January, they resigned as president. They were then proposed by Kathleen Clarke and seconded by Liam Mellowes for the position of president. This motion was defeated with 58 votes in favour to 60 against.
On 10 January, Arthur Griffith was proposed as President of Dáil Éireann by Michael Collins and seconded by Eoin O'Duffy. While the vote was to take place, de Valera and their supporters rose and left the Dáil chamber. Griffith was then approved unanimously by those members remaining in the Dáil. The members of the 4th Ministry were then proposed by Griffith and approved by the Dáil.
Under the terms of the Treaty another cabinet, the Provisional Government, was also established on 16 January, with Michael Collins as Chairman of the Provisional Government of the Irish Free State. The 4th Ministry therefore held office in parallel with the 1st Provisional Government. In August, Griffith died of natural causes and Collins was killed in action. The remaining members of the Ministry remained in office until the Third Dáil elected a new Ministry on 9 September under W. T. Cosgrave. Cosgrave had also been named as Chairman of the Provisional Government on the death of Collins in August, and from 9 September the personnel of the two cabinets were identical. Both cabinets were replaced by the Executive Council of the Irish Free State on 6 December 1922.
1st Provisional Government
The 1st Provisional Government was the Provisional Government that held office from 16 January – 30 August 1922. The Provisional Government was established under the terms of the Anglo-Irish Treaty as an interim administration that would govern Ireland (not including Northern Ireland) until the establishment of the Irish Free State in December. Its members were nominated at a meeting of "the members elected to sit in the House of Commons of Southern Ireland" (pro-Treaty Sinn Féin and four unionist members), on 14 January, and they took up office two days later. The British government formally transferred power to the cabinet on 1 April. Headed by Michael Collins as Chairman, its membership consisted solely of members of the pro-Treaty wing of Sinn Féin.
At the time the Provisional Government was established there was a pre-existing executive administration in the form of the 4th Ministry of the Irish Republic, but that cabinet was not recognised by the British government. The 4th Ministry had come to office on 10 January, just six days before the Provisional Government, and continued in office after the latter's establishment. There were thus two parallel administrations, with an overlapping membership.
After the Civil War began on 29 June four members of the cabinet were seconded for military service and substitutes were appointed to temporarily take their places as acting ministers. Two new members, Michael Hayes and Ernest Blythe, began serving as acting ministers on 17 July and were added to the cabinet as permanent members on 27 July. Collins was killed in action on 22 August and so the cabinet met and elected Cosgrave as chairperson on 25 August. Five days later the entire cabinet was reconstituted as the 2nd Provisional Government. The Third Dáil met on 9 September and appointed the 5th Ministry, with its membership identical to that of the newly constituted Provisional Government. This cabinet, with its dual identities, continued as the sole Government, and was superseded on 6 December 1922 by the formation of the 1st Executive Council of the Irish Free State.
Footnotes
See also
Constitution of the Irish Free State
Dáil Éireann
Dáil Éireann (Irish Republic)
Government of Ireland
Politics of the Republic of Ireland
References
Ministries of George V
2nd Dáil
Government 02
1921 establishments in Ireland
1922 disestablishments in Ireland
Cabinets established in 1921
Cabinets disestablished in 1922
