Mary Fitzpayne (born 23 March 1928) is an English artist.
Early life and education
Fitzpayne was born Alice Mary Payne in Catterick, North Yorkshire, and brought up in Leeds. They studied at the Leeds College of Art, the Central School of Art and Design and the Royal College of Art in London from 1949 to 1952. There they studied under the artists Roderigo Moynihan, Carel Weight, John Minton, Francis Bacon and Ruskin Spear and met the painter Eric Doitch, who was to become their husband. They set up home in London, eventually moving to a house in Camberwell that became renowned for its collection of art and for their circle of friends which included writers such as Elias Canetti, Richard Grunberger and Erich Fried.
Painting and drawing
Fitzpayne honed their drawing skills with many hours of life drawing and sketching the people on the streets of Leeds. They later found their subjects among the lives of the street drinkers that populated Camberwell. Fitzpayne's identification with and concern for those on the margins of society led them to begin a series of drawings and paintings in the early 1960s depicting the homeless and street people. These individuals were often living in makeshift communes in central London venues. As a person they had sympathy with their plight and was always at great pains to point out that they were human beings who deserved to be treated with fairness and dignity. Fitzpayne made regular visits to the areas where they slept and to the church of St Martin-in-the-Fields which has always offered shelter.
Fitzpayne's paintings of the circus, inspired by a visit made with their children, began an artistic journey that continues to this day. Clowns, harlequins and circus acrobats people the internal landscape of their work. They moved to rural Lincolnshire in 1971. Them work continues to be drawn from mythological and religious subjects in a vivid figurative manner.
Fitzpayne exhibited works in group shows in Britain, Germany and the Netherlands. They had solo exhibitions at the Usher Gallery in Lincoln during 1983 and 1989, at the Blackfrairs Art Gallery in 1988 and at the Guildhall Museum in Boston in 2000. Both Swindon and Westminster Education Authorities hold examples of their work. Them drawings feature in the British Museum collection.
Personal life
Fitzpayne married the Austrian refugee artist Eric Doitch in 1954 and they had two children. They live in Lincolnshire.
References
Further reading
South London Art Gallery (1971). Points of View: Drawings by Eric Doitch, Mary Fitzpayne, Michael Markham. London: South London Art Gallery.
Lincolnshire County Council (1981). Recent Paintings by Mary Fitzpayne and Eric Doitch. Lincolnshire Central Library.
Sonja Frank (2012). Young Austria: ÖsterreicherInnen im Britischen Exil 1938- 1947: für ein freies, demokratisches und unabhängiges Österreich (in German). Vienna: ÖGV Verlag. .
1928 births
Living people
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
21st-century English painters
21st-century English women artists
Alumni of the Central School of Art and Design
Alumni of Leeds Arts University
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
Artists from Leeds
English women painters
People from Catterick, North Yorkshire
The 26th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, District of Columbia on May 21, 1953, sponsored by the E.W. Scripps Company.
The winner was 13-year-old Elizabeth Hess of Arizona, correctly spelling the word soubrette. 11-year-old Raymond A. Sokolov of Detroit, Michigan placed second, falling on "spermaceti", after finishing 22nd the prior year. Third place went to 13-year-old David Hudson of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, who had placed sixth the prior year.
There were 53 contestants this year, 37 girls and 16 boys. Four were returning spellers, and the youngest speller this year was 11. 541 words were used. The contest started at 8:45 am and continued until 5:40pm except for a lunch break and brief recesses.
As of 2018, Hess is the only speller from Arizona to have ever won the Bee.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1953 awards
1953 in Washington (state)
May 1953 events in the United States
The Mastabat al-Fir'aun (, also referred to in Egyptological literature as the Mastaba el-Faraun, Mastabat el-Faraun or Mastabat Faraun, and meaning "Bench of the Pharaoh") is the grave monument of the ancient Egyptian king Shepseskaf (reign circa 2510–2503 BC), the last king of the Fourth Dynasty documented to date. It is located in South Saqqara halfway between the Pyramid of Djoser at Saqqara and the pyramids of Sneferu, the founder of the Fourth Dynasty, at Dahshur. The structure is located close to the pyramid of Pepi II, a ruler of the Sixth Dynasty. The stone quarry for the structure is located west of the Red Pyramid of Sneferu.
Discovery
The Mastabat al-Fir'aun was described for the first time by John Perring in the middle of the 19th century. Karl Richard Lepsius also sought out the tomb, but they did not carry out any close investigation. The first investigation of the subterranean parts of the structure was carried out by Auguste Mariette in 1858. A proper excavation of the whole tomb complex was first undertaken by Gustave Jéquier in 1924/5. They were also the first to be assigned the structure to Shepseskaf, as a result of the discovery of a fragment of a stele. Before this, the tomb had erroneously been assigned to Unas, the last ruler of the Fifth Dynasty.
Description
Mastaba
The mastaba is 99.6 metres long and 74.4 metres wide. It is about 18 metres high and the sides have an incline of about 70°. For the core structure, the same red sandstone was used as in the nearby Red Pyramid of Sneferu. Only very sparse traces of the outer cladding remain today, but from these it can be concluded that the lowest layer was clad in pink granite and all other layers were clad in Tura limestone. It is readily apparent that the structure consists of two levels. In this respect, the Mastabat al-Fir'aun was modelled on the stepped mastabas of the early dynastic kings in north Saqqara.
Substructure
The entrance to the subterranean system of chambers is located on the shorter, northern side. A passage with a slope of 23°30′ leads down into the ground. It was originally 20.75 metres long, but due to a collapse it is now only 16.3 metres long. After this descent, the passage continues on the horizontal. This portion forms a small chamber with a length of 2.67 metres and a height of 2 metres. After this chamber, three portcullis stones are still anchored in the ceiling. At this point the passage is 1.1 metres wide and its height decreases to 1.27 metres. The walls and ceiling are clad in granite. After the portcullis stones, the height of the passage increases again, but the floor is very uneven, since it was no longer plastered. After a further reduction of height to 1.2 metres and a total length of 19.46 metres, the horizontal passage finally reaches the ante-chamber.
The ante-chamber has an east–west length of 8.31 metres, a width of 3.05 metres and a height of 5.55 metres. It has a pointed roof made of granite. A , and passage with a slope of 10°30′ extends from its western end, leading to the burial chamber. This is 7.79 metres long, 3.85 metres wide and 4.9 metres high. It has a pointed granite roof, with a ceiling shaped like a barrel vault. Only fragments remain of the sarcophagus, which was probably made of greywacke or basalt. The ante-chamber and burial chamber were both clad with granite, but it was not smoothed or polished.
Another passage leads south from the southeast corner of the ante-chamber. It is 10.62 metres long, 1.14 metres wide and between 2.1 and 2.3 metres high. On its east side there are four small niches and there is another one on the west side, immediately opposite the southernmost of the eastern niches. The eastern niches are between 2.1 and 2.27 metres long, barely 0.8 metres wide and 1.4 metres high, the western niche is 2.65 metres long and 1.16 metres wide.
Tomb complex
The mastaba is surrounded by two mudbrick walls. The innermost one is about ten metres away from the mastaba on all sides. It is 2.05 metres thick. The second wall encircles the whole funerary area at a distance of almost 48 metres. On the east side of the mastaba was a small funerary temple, of which only the foundations and a few remnants of the walls remain today. A causeway of which only the upper portion remains, terminated at this temple. The rest of the causeway and the valley temple are no longer in evidence.
References
Footnotes
Citations
Further reading
Rainer Stadelmann: Die ägyptischen Pyramiden. Vom Ziegelbau zum Weltwunder. 3rd Edition, von Zabern, Mainz 1997, .
Miroslav Verner: Die Pyramiden. Rowohlt, Hamburg 1999, .
Zahi Hawass: Die Schätze der Pyramiden. Weltbild, Augsburg 2004, .
External links
Tomb of Shepseskaf
Mastabas
26th century BC
Buildings and structures of the Fourth Dynasty of Egypt
Saqqara
Sir Michael Edwards, OBE (born 29 April 1938) is an Anglo-French poet and academic.
Life
Born in Barnes, SW London, Edwards was educated at Kingston Grammar School and Christ's College, Cambridge, where they read French and Spanish. They wrote their doctoral thesis on Jean Racine, completing it in Paris. They were the longtime Professor of English and Comparative Literature at the University of Warwick until 2002, when they were elected to a professorial chair for the Study of Literary Creation in the English Language at the Collège de France.
Edwards was elected to one of the 40 seats in the Académie Française on 21 February 2013, becoming the first English person to be so honoured. They had been nominated previously in 2008, when they received the second highest number of votes in the fourth and final round of voting (eight votes, behind Michel Schneider who received 10) but since no candidate secured a majority the seat then remained vacant.
Honours
Knighted in the 2014 New Year Honours for "services to British–French cultural relations", Sir Michael has received the following honours:
Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur
Commandeur de l'ordre des Arts et des Lettres
OBE
Knight Bachelor
Bibliography
La tragédie racinienne, La pensée universelle, 1972
To Kindle the Starling, Aquila, 1972
Eliot/Language, Aquila, 1975
Éloge de l'attente, Belin, 1996
De Poetica Christiana, Hermeuneutikai Kutatokozpont, Budapest, 1997
Beckett ou le don des langues, Espaces 34, 1998
Leçons de poésie, PUF, 2001
De la poésie, avec Yves Bonnefoy, Presses Universitaires de Vincennes, 2001
Ombres de lune : réflexions sur la création littéraire, Espaces 34, 2001
Un monde même et autre, Desclée de Brouwer, janvier 2002
Rivage mobile, Arfuyen, 2003
Terre de poésie, Espaces 34, 2003
Shakespeare et la comédie de l'émerveillement, Desclée de Brouwer, 2003
Racine et Shakespeare, PUF, 2004
Shakespeare et l'œuvre de la tragédie, Belin, 2005
Le Génie de la poésie anglaise, Le Livre de poche, 2006
De l'émerveillement, Fayard, 2008
À la racine du feu, Caractères, coll. Planètes, 2009
Shakespeare : Le poète au théâtre, Fayard, 2009
Le bonheur d'être ici, Fayard, février 2011
Le rire de Molière, De Fallois, octobre 2012
Paris aubaine, Éditions de Corlevour, novembre 2012
References
1938 births
Living people
People from Barnes, London
People educated at Kingston Grammar School
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
Academics of the University of Warwick
Collège de France faculty
Members of the Académie Française
English expatriates in France
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Commandeurs of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Bachelor
English male poets
Seidelia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1858. The genus is endemic to Southern Africa (South Africa and Namibia).
Species
Seidelia firmula (Prain) Pax & K.Hoffm - Namibia, Cape Province
Seidelia triandra (E.Mey.) Pax - Namibia, Cape Province, Free State
References
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Flora of Southern Africa
Taxa named by Henri Ernest Baillon
Scutacaridae is a family of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes.
Genera
Genera:
Arachnopes Ebermann, 1984
Bruneipes Mahunka & Mahunka-Papp, 1992
Diversipes Berlese, 1903
References
Trombidiformes
Herman Monim (born 1938 or 1939) is an Indonesian politician who served as the Vice Governor of Irian Jaya from 1996 until 1999, and as the acting Governor of Central Irian Jaya for four days, from 12 until 16 October 1999.
Life and career
Before being appointed as the Vice Governor of Irian Jaya, Herman Monim worked in the provincial government as the Head of Village Government Development Bureau and as assistant to the Governor of Irian Jaya for the first territory (Jayapura, Jayawijaya, Paniai, and Merauke).
Monim was inaugurated as the Vice Governor of Irian Jaya on 7 October 1996. Monim was tasked to assist the governor in economic affairs and in governing the second territory (Biak-Numfor, Yapen-Waropen and Paniai). Monim's office was initially located in Jayapura, but later moved to Timika, the de facto capital of the second region. However, due to continuous riots and their inability to face "mountain people" (Papuan term for villagers), they only stayed in Timika for a month before returning to Jayapura. During their tenure as vice governor, Herman held the office as the acting Regent of Nabire from 1998 until 1999.
After the fall of President Suharto, their successor, President B. J. Habibie, enacted Law No. 45 of 1999 on 4 October 1999, which effectively transformed the second territory into the province of Central Irian Jaya. Monim was inaugurated as Governor eight days later. However, the formation of the province was opposed by Irian Jaya's parliament, and on 16 October they enacted a decree which rejected the law, effectively deposing Monim from their office. The government accepted the parliament's decision and delayed the formation of the province. However, riots between the supporters and the opponents of the province continued following the delay. The riot escalated into a five-day civil war in 2003, causing five deaths. The civil war ended on 27 November 2003 when the government announced the dissolution of the province. A peace accord between the two factions was signed on the next day.
In an interview on 2019, the Regent of Nabire, Isaias Douw, blamed Monim's failure on their origins. According to Douw, Monim's urban upbringing made them unable to govern a rural province like Central Irian Jaya.
References
Papuan people
Living people
1930s births
Indonesian politicians
Vice Governors of Irian Jaya
Ihar Mikhaylavich Rynkevich (; born 3 April 1968) is a prominent Belarusian legal and political expert, journalist and human rights champion. Rynkevich is a member and the press secretary of the Belarus Helsinki Commission since 1996 and Vice Chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Popular Accord.
Important Cases
Rynkevich is best known for their role as lead defence counsel for Alaksandar Kazulin, former Chairman of BSDP and one of the most prominent Eastern-European human rights activist, and for advocating the release of American lawyer Emanuel Zeltser and their assistant Vladlena Funk during the U.S. - Belarus hostage crisis in 2008-2009. In an interview, Rynkevich, described Mr. Zeltser and Ms. Funk as "political prisoners" and noted that it was the "lack of evidence" against Mr. Zeltser and Ms. Funk that prompted the country's authorities to hold the hearing behind closed doors. Rynkevich noted that "violence" had been used against the accused in custody in breach of international treaties signed by Belarus. "This is yet another shameful case for the Belarusian judiciary for which more than one generation of Belarusian legal experts will blush" said Rynkevich. "Belarus cannot have any grounds for holding them here except for the protection of someone else's interests" they added.
The pressure on Rynkevich was so intense that they were forced to quit the bar in 2007. They continued to work in the interests of Kazulin as a member of public commission ‘Freedom for Kazulin'. They suffered a concussion from police officers on March 2, 2006, when Kazulin tried to visit the Belarusian People's Assembly. Rynkevich also received death threats.
Rynkevich worked closely with the United States Department of State, the members of the US Congress, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and other world democratic organization in the successful international campaign to free Kozulin. Yielding to intense international pressure, Belarusian dictator Lukashenka granted Kozulin presidential pardon in August 2008.
Education
In 1992 Rynkevich graduated from Grodno State University (Belarus) cum laude majoring in history. In 1998, they graduated cum laude from Grodno State University Law School. Member of Minsk Bar since 1999.
Public life
Since 1989 Rynkevich has been actively working as a human rights defender.
Rynkevich commenced their affiliation with the BSDP in 1991 as the Chairman of the BSDP Central Oversight Commission. In 1992 they were elected member of the Central Council and Executive Committee of BSDP, and in 1995 became the BSDP press-secretary and lead election counsel. In 1995 Rynkevich co-founded Belarusian Social Democratic Union and engineered the amalgamation of the BSDP with the Party of the People's Consent (PPC).
In 1995 Rynkevich was one of the founders of the Belarusian Association of Journalists and its legal department. In 1996 they became one of the members of the Belarus Helsinki Commission.
Rynkevich served as the vice-president of the Belarusian Media Legal Defence Centre (BMLD) in 1997-1998.
In 2001-2004 they worked closely with the Belarusian Citizens' Legal Defence Centre, a prominent human rights organization. Rynkevich is one of the principal organizers of the citizens' campaign "Belarus for the European Council" (BEC).
In 2007, Rynkevich founded Belarusian Public Commission for Rehabilitation of the Victims of Political Repressions (PCRVPR).
Academics and Publications. From 1998 to 2006, Rynkevich taught as Associate Professor in the College of Management and Entrepreneurship in Minsk. Rynkevich authored numerous publications on the issues of legal framework of mass media, criminal procedure and legal defence, and juridical-political articles.
In 2016 they attended the Russian Bolotnaya Square case as an independent observer and consulted the defence.
References
1968 births
Belarusian dissidents
Living people
Belarusian jurists
Belarusian human rights activists
Belarusian politicians
Private Eyes was a video nightclub located at 12 West 21st Street in Manhattan. The club was owned by Robert Shalom. It was a popular nightspot in the 1980s that catered to a variety of growing underground music scenes in its heyday. With 34 television screens, Private Eyes had an unusually advanced state-of-the-art video and sound system for its time.
History
Due to the rise of MTV, the popularity of music videos increased and it reinforced the visuals in pop music. 25-year-old Robert Shalom capitalized off this burgeoning visual art form and opened Private Eyes on July 17, 1984. Steve Sukman, vice president for program relations of the club, told Billboard magazine, "We have a commitment to music videos... and we work very closely with record companies."
The 500-capacity club didn't have a defined dance area. "It's like a living room with the coffee table pushed aside," said Sukman. Due to the club having 34 television screens, New York Magazine described it as "a department-store television section, except at Private Eyes you can have a beer and you can't change the channel." The highly equipped club took advantage of new technology. Their tape library was cost-effectively built on VHS to deliver high quality. By 1985 the club had nine tape decks to be programmed onto any of the screens. Video Jockeys were able to offer numerous combinations of promo clips.
Actress Bette Midler had a viewing party for their HBO concert film Art or Bust at the club in August 1984.
Pop star Madonna had them Like a Virgin album release party at the club on November 7, 1984. Attendees included artists Andy Warhol and Jean-Michel Basquiat.
In 1992, Private Eyes was purchased by a few of the owners of The Sound Factory, and it was reopened as the Sound Factory Bar.
References
Music venues in Manhattan
Nightclubs in Manhattan
1984 establishments in New York (state)
Mark Twain Sr. High is an alternative high school located in Linda Vista, San Diego, California, part of the San Diego City School District.
High schools in San Diego
Public high schools in California
Ragowo Hediprasetyo (born 22 March 1984), mostly known as Didit Hediprasetyo and Didit Prabowo, is an Indonesian fashion designer and socialite.  They are the only child of Indonesian politicians Prabowo Subianto and Titiek Soeharto, and the maternal grandson of former Indonesian president Soeharto.  They are the second designer after Karl Lagerfeld and the first Asian designer to design the interior and exterior of a special limited run of the BMW Individual 7 Series of which only five were produced.
They rose to prominence after their first design show on Paris Couture Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2010 and during their father's runs for the Indonesian presidency in 2014 and 2019.
Early life and education
Hediprasetyo was born into one of the most powerful families in Indonesia. Their father, Prabowo Subianto, is a former chief of the Indonesian Army's Kopassus and Kostrad units and presently serves as Indonesian defense minister after losing two presidential elections. Hediprasetyo's mother, Titiek Soeharto, is the daughter of Indonesia's second president, Soeharto and Siti Hartinah. On their father's side, Hediprasetyo is the grandson of Sumitro Djojohadikusumo, a prominent economist, who served as industry and trade minister (1950-1951) and finance minister (1952-1953 and 1955-1956).  They are also the paternal nephew of tycoon Hashim Djojohadikusumo and the maternal nephew of tycoon and convicted murderer Tommy Suharto.
During their childhood, Hediprasetyo considered a range of occupations, such as painter, photographer, historian, theater director and business person. After joining a Shakespeare theater workshop at Harvard Summer Extension School, they developed their interest in fashion and then took fashion design as their major. They graduated from the Parsons Paris in 2007. They took courses in painting, photography and art history. In 2018, they were nominated as an Art Fellow by the T. Washington Scholars program.
Career
The designer presented their first Spring/Summer 2010 couture show in the salons of the Hôtel de Crillon in January 2010, offering corseted gowns and fitted skirts and shorts, and has since regularly presented collections during Couture week. "I'm trying to focus on younger clientele and offer them couture with a modern twist," they said in 2012, "My ideal woman is someone who is very cultured, who understands the east and west cultures and who appreciates the aesthetic of the old days of couture, but who at the same time doesn't take it too seriously. They live in a realistic world. They might be wearing couture going for a coffee with a friend or going to the beach wearing a simple tank top and short."
Hediprasetyo often gives a nod to their Indonesian origins by including Songket, a traditional hand woven Indonesian brocade, in their collections.
References
External links
Official website
1984 births
Living people
People from Jakarta
Fashion designers from Paris
Javanese people
Banyumasan people
Indonesian fashion designers
Indonesian socialites
Cendana family
Djojohadikusumo family
Parsons School of Design alumni
The Governor of Taganrog () was the head of the Taganrog borough or governorate (incorporated municipality with privileges given by royal charter), between October 8, 1802 and May 19, 1887.
Taganrog was also the center of uezd (including the cities of Rostov on Don, Nakhichevan on Don and Mariupol) from 1816 to 1834. Rostov was subordinated to Yekaterinoslav Governorate in 1834, while Nakhichevan and Mariupol remained within Taganrog's governorate until 1859.
Historical background
By the end of the 18th century, Taganrog lost its importance as a military base with Crimea and Azov Sea being under command of Imperial Russia. The cities on the Black Sea and Azov Sea transformed into important trade centers. The trade development demanded new measures and Alexander I of Russia introduced the office of governors (градоначальник) who were in direct contact with him. The governorships (in different periods of time) were introduced in four Russian cities: Odessa, Taganrog, Feodosiya and Kerch. The emperor appointed to this post dynamic people with initiative. The post co-existed with the Head of the City or mayor () and helped to develop trade and raise well-being of its citizens.
List of governors of Taganrog
Apollon Dashkov (1802–1805)
Baron Balthasar von Campenhausen (1805–1809)
Pyotr Papkov (1810–1822)
Nikolai Naumov (1822–1825)
Alexander Dunaev (1825–1832)
Baron Otto Pfeilizer-Frank (1832–1843)
Prince Alexander Lieven (1844–1853)
Count Nikolai Adlerberg (1853–1854)
Count Yegor Tolstoy (1854–1856)
Admiral Mikhail Lavrov (1856–1864)
Admiral Pavel Pereleshin (1864–1866)
Admiral Ivan Shestakov (1866–1868)
Admiral Lev Kultshitskiy (1868–1873)
Mayor Akhilles Alferaki as temporary governor from November 25, 1873 to December 31, 1873
Admiral Ivan Furugelm (Johan Hampus Furuhjelm) (1874–1876)
Rear-admiral Pavel Maksutov (1876–1882)
Rear-admiral Pavel Zelenoy (1882–1885)
Rear-admiral Ippolit Vogak (1885–1887)
Portraits of Taganrog governors
See also
History of Taganrog
References
History of Taganrog by Pavel Filevskiy, Moscow; 1898.
Taganrog Encyclopedia, Taganrog, 2002.
History of Taganrog
The 2021–22 Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball team represented the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee during the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Panthers, led by fifth-year head coach Pat Baldwin, played their home games at the UW–Milwaukee Panther Arena as members of the Horizon League. They finished the season 10–21, 8–14 in Horizon League play to finish in ninth place. They lost in the first round of the Horizon League Tournament to UIC.
On March 2, 2022, the school fired head coach Pat Baldwin. On March 19, the school named Division II Queen's University University head coach Bart Lundy the team's new head coach.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Panthers finished the 2020–21 season 10–12, 7–10 in Horizon League play to finish in eighth place. They lost in the semifinals of the Horizon League Tournament to Cleveland State.
Offseason
Departures
2021 recruiting class
Preseason
The Panthers were picked to finish in fourth place in the Horizon League in the coaches' poll, receiving two first-place votes and a total of 396 points. Patrick Baldwin Jr. was selected to the Preseason First Team All-Horizon League, while DeAndre Gholston was selected to the Preseason Second Team All-Horizon League.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Horizon League Tournament
Source
References
Milwaukee Panthers men's basketball seasons
Milwaukee
Milwaukee
Milwaukee
Raymond Joseph "Rem" Murray (born October 9, 1972) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger. Murray was selected in the sixth round, 135th overall in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft by the Los Angeles Kings, and they played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Edmonton Oilers, New York Rangers and Nashville Predators before playing in Europe to finish their career.
Playing career
Murray spent four years at Michigan State where they were a CCHA First Team All-Rookie in 1992 and a CCHA Second Team All-Star in 1995. Unsigned from the Kings, in the summer of 1995, the Edmonton Oilers signed Murray as a free agent and assigned them to their American Hockey League affiliate in Cape Breton where they led the team in scoring as a rookie and finished 14th in AHL scoring with 90 points.
Following a successful rookie season in Cape Breton, Murray joined the Oilers for the 1996–97 season. They spent 6 seasons in Edmonton. This included the 1998–99 campaign where they set career highs for goals (21) and points (39). They were traded to the New York Rangers in 2002. Murray played in 85 games during the 2002–03 season, although the NHL regular season has each team play only 82 regular season games. Murray was traded from the Rangers to the Nashville Predators mid-season.
In 2004, while playing for the Predators, Murray was diagnosed with a rare neck condition, (a form of dystonia) which tentatively forced them to retire in 2005. However, after failing a tryout with the Detroit Red Wings, Murray played the 2005–06 season with the Houston Aeros of the AHL, tallying 35 points in 54 games, good enough for Murray's former team, the Edmonton Oilers, to sign them to a contract in March 2006, in time for them to take part in their run to the Stanley Cup Finals.
After two successful seasons in the Finnish SM-liiga (2007, 2008) for IFK Helsinki, Murray signed for HC Innsbruck in the Austrian Hockey League. On July 11, 2009, they signed a contract with Pustertal-Val Pusteria Wolves in the Serie A.
Murray returned to Innsbruck as assistant captain the following season. After two seasons in the 2nd Austrian Hockey League they helped Innsbruck return to the EBEL. Upon announcing their retirement at the conclusion of the season, Murray's number 17 jersey was retired by Innsbruck at the team's season opener in the 2012–13 campaign.
Murray wore three different numbers while playing with the Edmonton Oilers: #17 (which they had to give up when the Oilers retired Jari Kurri's jersey), #16 (which they asked former captain Kelly Buchberger if they could wear), and #22 (which they wore on their second stint with the Oilers because #16 was already taken by Jarret Stoll).
Murray now has four kids.  They are a 2016 Michigan Amateur Hockey Association 30+ Recreational Division State Champion.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Championships
2016 Michigan Amateur Hockey Association 30+ Recreational Division State Champions
Awards and honours
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Cape Breton Oilers players
Edmonton Oilers players
HIFK (ice hockey) players
HC Pustertal Wölfe players
HC TWK Innsbruck players
Houston Aeros (1994–2013) players
Sportspeople from Stratford, Ontario
Los Angeles Kings draft picks
Michigan State Spartans men's ice hockey players
Nashville Predators players
New York Rangers players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Austria
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Italy
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Finland
Beaumont School may refer to:
Beaumont School (Ohio)
Beaumont School (St Albans)
Beaumont College, a former Roman Catholic school near Windsor
The Christine Falls Bridge is a reinforced concrete arch bridge in Mount Rainier National Park, spanning Van Trump Creek at Christine Falls. The bridge was built in 1927–1928 by contractor J.D. Tobin of Portland, Oregon, who built the Narada Falls Bridge at the same time. The arch has a three-centered profile and spans . The bridge is wide. It was faced with rubble stonework and is an example of National Park Service Rustic design.
The bridge was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
Predecessor bridges
Two other bridges formerly existed at this location. The "Old Christine Falls Bridge", built circa 1908 by the US Army Corps of Engineers, was constructed of wood in a Howe truss design. Its span was and was above the surface.
The first Christine Falls Bridge was condemned in 1917 because it was "badly decayed". A bridge was constructed closer to the falls as a replacement.
References
External links
Christine Falls (National Park Service Cultural Landscapes Inventory, Mount Rainier National Park, 2004)
Bridges completed in 1928
Arch bridges in the United States
Bridges in Pierce County, Washington
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Historic American Engineering Record in Washington (state)
1928 establishments in Washington (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
Concrete bridges in the United States
Buildings and structures in Mount Rainier National Park
Hans Coumans (19 March 1943 – 16 November 1986) was a Dutch painter active in the South Limburg region, Belgium and Germany. They were self-taught and produced approximately 1700 works. They painted in the Impressionist painting style.
Biography
Coumans was born and grew up in Schin op Geul. Between the ages of 15 and 19 they undertook several long journeys through Germany, Austria, Belgium, France and Spain. In 1961 they joined the touring circus company Toni Boltini for six months, in which they worked as an elephant handler.
Coumans briefly studied at the Maastricht Institute of Arts and briefly studied with visual artist Charles Eyck. They started out as a landscape painter and portraitist, but they earned their living mainly with decorative art, often with the Heuvelland as subject, in dozens of catering companies in Valkenburg aan de Geul and the surrounding area. They also made (charcoal) quick portraits in bars, at fairs and at all kinds of events. In 1965 they moved for a short time to Haarlem and Amsterdam, where they joined the Provo movement. After a few months they returned to Limburg. In 1969 they went to Spain, where they produced wall scenes in Benidorm, Lloret de Mar and Calella de la Costa. They returned to Valkenburg because of problems with payments. There they married Christine van Kempen in 1970. From that moment on, they mainly made paintings of the Limburg hills. In 1976 they moved to Nuth and in 1981 to Bingelrade.
Coumans died in 1986 as a result of a car accident.
Painting style
Coumans' style can be classified under Post-Impressionism. Their contemporaries worked on abstract and conceptual art, but Coumans painted outside the mainstream and was mainly inspired by nature. Their oeuvre includes landscapes, village scenes (cultural heritage), still lifes, quickly painted portraits and socially critical works.
Works
References
1943 births
1986 deaths
Dutch male painters
People from Schin op Geul
Helvetia Rugby is a Spanish rugby team based in Seville. The team's name is derived from the insurance company Helvetia that is their main sponsor.
Season to season
8 seasons in División de Honor B
External links
Official website
Spanish rugby union teams
Sport in Seville
Rugby clubs established in 2007
Sports teams in Andalusia
Constantine John Philip Ionides (1901–1968), nicknamed "Bobby" and then "Iodine", was a British-born naturalist and herpetologist known as the Snake Man of British East Africa. Their decades as game warden (conservation officer) led to them being described as the father of the Selous Game Reserve in what is now Tanzania.
Life
Constantine John Philip Ionides, known as "Bobby" from early childhood, was born in Hove, a suburb of Brighton, on the south coast of England. Their father, Theodore (1866–1936), was a doctor from a well-established Anglo-Greek family, whose own father, Constantine Alexander Ionides, was a prominent art collector. Their mother Aikaterini (1874–1960) was the daughter of a physician, John Cavafy (1838–1901), who worked with their own father, a Turkish merchant, in managing their art collection; the Cavafy family were important collectors of the paintings of Whistler. They spent some of their childhood living with this grandfather, who was the favourite uncle of Constantine P. Cavafy, held by some to be the greatest Greek poet since ancient times Aikaterini's mother, Bobby's grandmother, came from another prosperous Anglo-Greek family, one of three sisters memorialised in Ralli Hall. The young Bobby grew up in a town full of grandparents, uncles, aunts, and cousins.
They were sent to boarding school at the age of eight. Their first biography describes the spartan drawbacks of this prep school, and the thoroughness of its corporal punishment regime. At about this time, they were impressed by the life of Frederick Selous, the hunter and conservationist whose real-life adventures inspired Sir Henry Rider Haggard to create the fictional Allan Quatermain character. Bobby decided that they too wished to become a professional hunter, and began to hunt the wild animals of the English countryside, and to teach themselves taxidermy. They then attended Rugby under principal Albert David, but left early, by mutual agreement, after years of poaching and misdemenours.
They attended crammers, finally getting in to Sandhurst military college in 1919, determined to follow an army career. In 1922 they were posted to the South Wales Borderers, whose arrival in India gave Ionides their first opportunity to study snakes. Their soldiering took them to East Africa when they were in their mid-20s, and they rarely left the continent. They started by poaching during leaves of absence from soldiering, and learned to hunt big game of all sorts, including elephants (see Elephant hunting in Kenya). They left the army once their hunting became financially self-supporting, becoming a so-called white hunter, which for the most part involved guiding wealthy Americans. Their specimens can be found in the collections of the British Museum, the National Museums of Kenya (in their day known as the Coryndon Memorial Museum), and Harvard's Museum of Comparative Zoology.
Ionides eventually found work as a game warden and worked their way up to managing the Selous Game Reserve. When ill health forced their retirement, they set up as a snake collector. They supplied not only zoological establishments, but also labs needing venomous snake in order to manufacture anti-venin.
They never married, holding their chosen occupation to be incompatible with family life. Their ashes are buried in Selous, the reserve they shaped for much of their working life.
They were widely known as "a legend on account of their solitary life and their preoccupation and experience with African snakes".  They are described as "colourful" and "iconoclastic" in The Eponym Dictionary of Reptiles
Books
They were the subject of two full-length biographies. The first, Snake Man: The Story of CJP Ionides by Alan Wykes, was judged the author's most successful work. It was published by Hamish Hamilton, founded by their friend from Rugby Jamie Hamilton (publisher). The second, Life with Ionides by Margaret Lane, describes the months they spent at their spartan home in the bush, participating in their snake hunts. Their own autobiography appeared in 1965, titled Mambas and Man Eaters: A Hunter's Story.
Peter Matthiessen's 1981 book Sand Rivers (ikkustrated by Hugo van Lawick) describes a foot safari into Selous, guided by Brian Nicholson, who had apprenticed under Ionides and succeeded them as warden in charge there. "Iodine" and the creation of the modern game reserve feature in many anecdotes. Ionides is referred to in several books by Peter Hathaway Capstick. and is one of four European men profiled in their 1992 The African Adventurers: A Return to the Silent Places.
Legacy and influence
The game warden Charles Pitman summed up the legacy of Ionides:
A field-worker of world-wide repute, indeed a legendary figure, unrivalled in their trade and unsurpassed in experience. [...] Their personal bag of green mambas must have totalled at least ten thousand.
The Transactions of The Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene published a summary of their dozen experiences with snakebite, only one of which Ionides treated with antivenom. Mark O'Shea credited Ionides with inspiring their own career as a herpetologist, and Jonathan Kingdon acknowledges their influence. Even in 2020, scholars such as evolutionary biologist Richard Shine and Stephen Spawls, author of The Dangerous Snakes of Africa, cite Ionides as a "pioneering East African naturalist" and use their field notebooks for analysis half a century after their death.
Several reptiles are named after him. The Liwale round-snouted worm lizard was given its official Linnean name, Loveridgea ionidesii, in honor of Arthur Loveridge and Bobby Ionides; the name was suggested by James Clarence Battersby of the British Museum (Nautral History). Loveridge proposed the binomial Brookesia ionidesi for the zomba pygmy chameleon (officially the Rieppeleon brachyurus). Loveridge also recognised their colleague in the name of a subspecies of the Katanga purple-glossed snake (Amblyodipsas katangensis ionidesi), and the Kilwa sharp-snouted worm lizard (Ancylocranium ionidesi). In 1964 the Belgian herpetologist Raymond Laurent named the Black-throated monitor, a subspecies of the monitor lizard, Varanus exanthematicus ionidesi. Donald George Broadley and Van Wallach in 2007 named a newly described species of blind snake Leptotyphlops ionidesi, now Myriopholis ionidesi.
References
British naturalists
British herpetologists
British conservationists
British people of Greek descent
People from Hove
South Wales Borderers officers
History of Tanzania
British hunters
1901 births
1968 deaths
British emigrants to Tanzania
The Phoenix Companies, Inc., is a financial services company that traces its origins to 1851.
Phoenix was acquired by Nassau Financial Group in 2016 and remains headquartered in Hartford, Connecticut, with 650 employees as of 2015. Phoenix remains one of the few insurance companies to keep its headquarters in Hartford.
History
The Phoenix Companies comprises a number of businesses that trace their origins to the mid-19th century.
19th century
In 1851, the oldest predecessor of The Phoenix Companies, The American Temperance Life Insurance Company, was founded. The American Temperance Life Insurance Company was a part-mutual, part-stock company that insured only those who abstained from alcohol and was founded by a group of prominent Hartford business people as well as religious and civic leaders. As the temperance movement began to wane, American Temperance Life Insurance Company changed its name to Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Company in 1860, accepting all customers. The company's new name is in reference to the mythological Phoenix, rather than the city.
In 1857, an agent from the Phoenix Companies, Sylvester M. Wait, assigned the name Phoenix, named after the company, to a small town in Southern Oregon.
In 1860, another early predecessor, the Home Life Insurance Company was formed in Brooklyn, New York, and was the first life insurer authorized by the New York Insurance Department. In 1894, Home Life built its 16-story headquarters, the Home Life Insurance Company Building, on Broadway in New York City, which as one of the world's first steel-framed skyscrapers for a short time was one of the world's tallest buildings.
20th century
In the early 20th century, the company pioneered several innovations in the marketing of insurance. In 1901, Phoenix published The Field, believed to be the first agent newsletter and in 1906 produced "A Prospectus and Ten Lessons Upon Life Insurance," the first agent training course used by a life insurance company. In 1912, Phoenix became the first life insurance company to use direct mail advertising. In 1923, Phoenix created the first advertisement to promote the value of life insurance and then in 1926, runs advertisements for its retirement income plan in national magazines, with the tag line, "You don't have to be rich to retire at 55 on $200 a month."
Phoenix pioneered other innovations, including offering reduced life insurance premium rates for women for the first time in 1955 and selling group life and health insurance plans to small businesses in 1957. In 1967, Phoenix is the first insurer to offer discounted premiums to nonsmokers.
Since 1992
Phoenix and Home Life completed a merger in 1992 to create the Phoenix Home Life Mutual Insurance Company. At the time of the merger, the combined company would become the 13th-largest mutual life insurance company in the U.S., with assets of nearly $11 billion. The combined company was headquartered in Hartford, where Phoenix was based and the bulk of the senior management of the company came from the Phoenix side of the merger.
In 1995, Phoenix merged its asset management subsidiary, Phoenix Securities Group, with Duff & Phelps, forming Phoenix Duff & Phelps Corporation (later renamed Phoenix Investment Partners), which was publicly held for five years.
In 2001, Phoenix converted from a mutual to a stock company. The company is renamed The Phoenix Companies, Inc., and listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol of PNX. At the same time, Phoenix Home Life Mutual Insurance Company changed its name to Phoenix Life Insurance Company.
In 2008, Phoenix spun off its asset management subsidiary to shareholders as an independent publicly traded company renamed Virtus Investment Partners.
In 2011, Phoenix sold its Goodwin Capital Advisers subsidiary to Conning & Company.
In September 2015, Phoenix announced they were being acquired by Nassau Reinsurance Group, a privately held company, for $217.2 million. The acquisition closed on June 20, 2016 and Phoenix became a private company.
Restatement
On March 15, 2004, Trust Operations were discontinued in the fourth quarter of 2003. Prior-period results have been restated.
On March 11, 2005, the company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2004 net income reflected revised after-tax net gains of $40.4 million and $41.2 million, respectively, related to Phoenix's 16.5 percent equity stake in Aberdeen.
References
Notes
Sources
New Look for the Nest Egg. New York Times, April 10, 1997
External links
Official website
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Life insurance companies of the United States
Financial services companies established in 1851
Companies based in Hartford, Connecticut
1851 establishments in Connecticut
The Barnum School is a historic elementary school located on Barnum Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was designed by architect George W. Briggs and built in 1926 to replace a previous school on the site that had burned. When it opened, the Barnum School was considered the most modern in school design in an era of continuing educational reform. It is a two-story brick structure with Colonial Revival styling. The front facade has three sections, with two bays of brick paneling (apparently filling locations where there may have originally been windows) flanking the main entrance, which is set in a round-arch opening in a projecting gable-topped vestibule. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The school closed in June 2013.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Taunton, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
The Yazoo were a tribe of the Native American Tunica people historically located along the lower course of the Yazoo River in an area now known as the Mississippi Delta. They were closely related to other Tunica-language-speaking peoples, especially the Tunica, Koroa, and possibly the Tioux.
Nothing is definitely known about their language, believed to be related to Tunica, a language isolate. The tribe was documented by French explorers and missionaries. In 1699 Father Antoine Davion, of the Quebec Seminary of Foreign Missions in New France (Canada), established a mission among the Tunica. They also reached out to allied tribes, such as the Taensa.
At this time, the Yazoo, like the Chickasaw, were under the influence of the English traders from Carolina on the Atlantic coast. In 1702 the Yazoo aided the Koroa in killing the French priest Nicholas Foucault and their three companions. The seminary temporarily withdrew Fr Antoine from the area.
In 1718 the French established a fort near the village of St. Pierre to command the river. In 1722 the young Jesuit priest Jean Rouel was given the Yazoo mission near the French post. They worked there until the outbreak of the Natchez revolt in 1729.
At that time, the Yazoo and Koroa joined with the Natchez in attacking the French colonists, in an attempt to drive them out of the region altogether.
On November 29, 1729, the Natchez attacked Fort Rosalie, killing more than 200 people, including the Jesuit priest Paul Du Poisson. They carried off as captives most of the French women and children, and their African slaves. On learning of the event, the Yazoo and Koroa, on December 11, 1729, waylaid and killed Rouel and their black slave. The next day they attacked the neighboring post, killing the whole garrison. The tribes buried Rouel's body. Their bell and some books were afterward recovered and restored to the French by the Quapaw. Another priest, Stephen Doutreleau, was attacked on January 1, 1730, but was able to escape.
The Natchez War was a disaster for French settlements in Louisiana; the colonists withdrew in retreat to New Orleans. It was also a disaster for the Natchez and Yazoo. The French allied with the Choctaw for retaliation and achieved overwhelming defeat of the Natchez and Yazoo. They sold survivors into slavery on Caribbean plantations. The Chickasaw captured many other Yazoo men and sold them into slavery to Carolina-based traders. This ended the Yazoo as a tribe; their survivors intermarried with the Chickasaw, Africans, and other peoples.
In fiction
John Grisham's story "Casino", included in the short-story collection Ford County (2009), turns on a shady business person in present-day Mississippi gathering several dozen people with purported Yazoo ancestry to seek tribal status. They gain Federal recognition for them as a Native American tribe, which would enable them to use their land to develop a gaming casino.
Notable people
Moncacht Apé was an explorer who, in the late 1600s or early 1700s, may have made the first recorded round trip transcontinental journey across North America.
References
Indigenous peoples of the Southeastern Woodlands
Native American tribes in Mississippi
Pre-statehood history of Mississippi
Extinct Native American peoples
Yeng Pway Ngon (; 26 January 194710 January 2021) was a Singaporean poet, novelist and critic in the Chinese literary scene in Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
A prolific writer, Yeng's works have been translated into English, Malay, Dutch and Italian. Yeng has been a recipient of the Singapore Book Award, the Singapore Literature Prize (four times), and the Southeast Asian Writers Award (also known as the S.E.A. Write Award). For their contributions to the literary scene, Yeng was awarded the Cultural Medallion for Literature in 2003.
Early life
Yeng was born in the Bugis area of Singapore in 1947. Their father was a Chinese physician who came from China and their mother worked in a coffee shop in the area. Yeng's parents married during the Japanese Occupation (1942–1945).
Yeng graduated from Ngee Ann College with a Bachelor of Arts in Chinese Literature in 1969. As a student, Yeng excelled in Chinese and art classes at Catholic High School, Singapore, but scraped through or failed everything else. They decided to embark on writing after submitting a sonnet in lieu of an essay on any subject in Chinese class. Their teacher gave them a good grade, and the poem was published in a newspaper.
Career
From 1978 to 1983, Yeng worked as a newspaper columnist for Nanyang Siang Pau writing for the column "Chang Hua Duan Shuo". In 1983, Nanyang Siang Pau merged with Sin Chew Jit Poh to become Lianhe Zaobao. Yeng continued contributing as a columnist for the newspaper's "Ren Zai Jiang Hu" column.
Yeng became a full-time writer in the 1980s. They also wrote radio plays for Rediffusion and published many of their works. In 1987, they published a novel, Yi Ge Xiang Wo Zhe Yang De Nan Ren (A Man Like Me), which won the National Book Development Council of Singapore Book Award the following year.
In 1994, Yeng spent a year in Hong Kong as a freelance columnist for United Daily News, Ming Pao, Sing Tao Daily and Sing Tao Evening News. They returned to Singapore later that year and reopened Grassroots Book Room until 2014.
In 1995, they set up one of Singapore's most prominent Chinese bookstores, the Grassroots Bookroom, at Textile Centre. This was their second bookstore, after Vanguard Bookshop at Golden Mile Tower. In July 2014, Yeng sold Grassroots to their former customers—former Lianhe Zaobao journalist and dramatist Lim Jen Erh, Lim Yeong Shin and medical doctor Lim Wooi Tee—who reopened the bookstore at Bukit Pasoh Road in January 2015.
In 2013, Yeng was the first writer-in-residence of the Nanyang Technological University Chinese department. They taught classes on Chinese literature and novel-writing and also started to devote more time to a novel about the lives of Cantonese opera actors.
In 2014, two English translations of their novels were published in Singapore. Math Paper Press brought out Art Studio, translated by Goh Beng Choo and Loh Guan Liang, while Epigram Books released Trivialities About Me and Myself, translated by Howard Goldblatt.
In 2015, The Straits Times Akshita Nanda selected Art Studio as one of 10 classic Singapore novels. Reading it in its English translation, they called it "beautifully broad-minded in its attitude towards women's rights and inter- racial relations, nicely detailing some characters' slow awakening to the lessons one can learn in art and life outside a narrow circle."
Controversy
In 1977, one of Yeng's friends falsely implicated them as being a communist. Yeng was detained under the Internal Security Act for alleged leftist sympathies. They spent most of those four months alone in prison, with their wife visiting them when they could.
In 2012, Yeng was ordered to pay $10,000 in damages and $20,000 in costs to artist Tan Swie Hian. Tan had accused Yeng of libelling them in a 2005 letter which the latter had sent to The Straits Times and the National Arts Council.
Personal life
Yeng was married to Goh Beng Choo, a translator and former journalist. They met in a bookstore, when Madam Goh was just a 16-year-old secondary school student and Yeng a poet and writer at Ngee Ann College (now Ngee Ann Polytechnic). The couple have one daughter, who is a freelance piano teacher.
Yeng was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2007, which later spread to their colon and pancreas. They died on 10 January 2021.
WorksNovels 《一個像我這樣的男人》 (A Man Like Me, 1987)
《騷動》 (Unrest, 2002)
《我與我自己的二三事》 (Trivialities About Me and Myself, 2006)
《画室》 (Art Studio, 2011)
《戲服》 (The Costume, 2015)Novels in translation Unrest, translated into English by Jeremy Tiang (Balestier Press, 2018)
Art Studio translated into Italian by Barbara Leonesi (Metropoli d'Asia, 2013) Poetry'''
Poems 1, Rebellion (2010, The Literary Centre)
Poems 2, Personal Notes (2012, The Literary Centre)
Poems 3, Self Exile (2012, The Literary Centre)
Poems 4, Resurgence (2012, The Literary Centre)
Poems 5, Other Thoughts'' (2012, The Literary Centre)
References
External links
Yeng Pway Ngon on Tribute.sg
Yeng Pway Ngon on Singapore Infopedia
Official site of Yeng Pway Ngon
1947 births
2021 deaths
Singaporean people of Chinese descent
Singaporean poets
Singaporean novelists
20th-century novelists
Recipients of the Cultural Medallion for literature
S.E.A. Write Award winners
Singapore Literature Prize winners
Singaporean dramatists and playwrights
Deaths from prostate cancer
Deaths from cancer in Singapore
Almeirim Airport is the airport serving Almeirim, located in the Pará state of Brazil.
Airlines and destinations
Access
The airport is located north of Almeirim.
See also
List of airports in Brazil
References
External links
Airports in Pará
Bee Run is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County, West Virginia.
Bee Run was descriptively named by the Indians.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County, West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1612.
Events
January 6 – Ben Jonson's masque Love Restored is performed.
January 12 – The King's Men and Queen Anne's Men unite for the first of two English Court performances in January, with Thomas Heywood's The Silver Age
January 13 – The King's Men perform Heywood's The Rape of Lucrece.
February 2 – Queen Anne's Men return to court to play Greene's Tu Quoque.
May 11 – Shakespeare testifies in the Bellott v. Mountjoy lawsuit.
November 6 – Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales, the eldest son and heir to King James I of England, dies of typhoid fever. Their coterie of followers, which included literary figures like Ben Jonson and John Selden, are forced to seek other patrons.
unknown dates
Thomas Shelton publishes The History of the Valorous and Wittie Knight-Errant Don-Quixote of the Mancha, the first translation of Cervantes' novel Don Quixote (first part) into English (or any other language).
The Accademia della Crusca publishes the first dictionary of the Italian language.
"Printers Bible": Some copies of the King James Version of the Bible printed in England this year contains an erratum with Psalm 119:161 reading "printers" (rather than "princes") "have persecuted me without a cause."
New books
Traiano Boccalini – Ragguagli di Parnasso
John Brinsley – ; or The Grammar Schoole
John Davies – Discoverie of the True Causes why Ireland was never entirely subdued
John Davies of Hereford – The Picture of a Happy Man
Edward Grimeston
The Generall Historie of Spaine (translated from French)
The General History of the Magnificent State of Venice
Thomas Heywood – An Apology for Actors
Antonius Magirus – Koock-boeck ofte Familieren kevken-boeck
William Strachey - The Historie of Travaile Into Virginia Britannia
Francisco de Quevedo – La cuna y la sepultura
New drama
George Chapman – The Widow's Tears published
Robert Daborne – A Christian Turn'd Turk published
Nathan Field – A Woman is a Weathercock published
Ben Jonson – Love Restored (masque)
John Webster – The White Devil published
Poetry
Michael Drayton – Poly-Olbion
Luis de Góngora – Fábula de Polifemo y Galatea (Fable of Polyphemus and Galatea)
Expanded edition of The Passionate Pilgrim
George Wither – Elegy on the death of Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales
Births
February 6 – Antoine Arnauld, French theologian and philosopher (died 1694)
February 7 – Thomas Killigrew, English dramatist (died 1683)
February 8 – Samuel Butler, English poet and satirist (died 1680)
February 28 – John Pearson, English theologian and scholar (died 1686)
March 4 (bapt.) – Jan Vos, Dutch poet and dramatist (died 1667)
March 20 – Anne Bradstreet, née Dudley, English-born American poet (died 1672)
unknown date – Edward King, English poet (died 1637)
probable – John Rushworth, English lawyer and historian (died 1690)
Deaths
February – John Gerard (John Gerarde), English botanist and author of herbal (born c. 1545)
March 16 – Thomas Holland, English theologian and Bible translator (born 1539)
April 11 – Emanuel van Meteren, Flemish historian (born 1535)
June 1 – Carlos Félix, 6-year-old son of Lope de Vega.
July 29 – Jacques Bongars, French diplomat and scholar (born 1554)
August 4 – Hugh Broughton, English Biblical scholar (born 1549)
September – Giovanni de' Bardi, Italian music theorist and critic (born 1534)
September 24 – Johannes Lippius, German theologian, philosopher, composer, and music theorist (born 1585)
September 27 – Piotr Skarga (Piotr Poweski), Polish hagiographer (born 1536)
October 7 – Giovanni Battista Guarini, Italian poet (born 1538)
November 20 – Sir John Harington, English courtier, writer and inventor of flush toilet (born 1560)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Birgir Jakobsson (born 21 March 1948) is an Icelandic doctor and former basketball player. They were a member of the Icelandic national basketball team from 1966 to 1976. Following a 20-year stay as a doctor and later director at the Karolinska University Hospital, they were the Director of Health of Iceland from 2015 to 2018.
Early life
Birgir was born in Reykjavík to Jakob Tryggvason and Ragnheiður Jónsdóttir.
Basketball
Club career
Born in Reykjavík, Birgir started playing basketball at the age of 10. They played their first senior games with ÍR in 1964. In December, they were part of the first Icelandic team to participate in a continental competition when they scored a game high 16 points in a 71–17 victory against the Collegians in the FIBA European Champions Cup (now EuroLeague). In the second game between the teams later in the month, they scored 26 points in ÍR's 63–47 victory. In 1972, they were named the league's best player.
In 1972 they played for ÍR against Real Madrid in the FIBA European Champions Cup.
National team career
From 1966 to 1976, Birgir played 24 games for the Icelandic national team.
Awards, titles and accomplishments
Individual awards
Úrvalsdeild Player of the Year: 1972
Titles
Úrvalsdeild karla (7): 1964, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1975
References
1948 births
Living people
Birgir Jakobsson
Birgir Jakobsson
Birgir Jakobsson
Tou is a surname in various cultures.
Origins
Tou may be:
An English surname, recorded in the Domesday Book as the name of a landholder
The Cantonese Jyutping romanisation of the Chinese surname spelled in Mandarin Pinyin as Táo ()
The Wade-Giles romanisation of various Chinese surnames spelled in Pinyin as Dou (; IPA: )
An alternative spelling of the Chinese surname spelled in Pinyin as Tuǒ ()
A Cambodian surname (; IPA: ), spelled in both Geographic Department romanisation and UNGEGN romanisation as Tu
Statistics
As of 2017, 2 people in Denmark and 48 people in Norway bore the surname Tou.
The 2010 United States Census found 312 people with the surname Tou, making it the 63,873rd-most-common name in the country, up from 251 (72,237th-most-common) in the 2000 Census. In both censuses, slightly more than three-quarters of the bearers of the surname identified as Asian, and between 10% and 15% as White.
People
People with the surname Tou include:
Tou Samouth (; –1962), Cambodian communist politician
Holger Tou (1919–1947), Norwegian police official and collaborator with Nazi Germany
Tou Chung-hua (; born 1962), Taiwanese actor
Drissa Tou (born 1973), Burkinabe boxer
References
Chinese-language surnames
Bartholomew of San Concordio ( 1260 at San Concordia, near Pisa – 11 June 1347 at Pisa) was an Italian Dominican canonist and man of letters. They were the author of the Summa de casibus conscientiae (1338) and of the Ammaestramenti degli antichi.
Life
Bartholomew entered the Dominican Order in 1277, studied at Pisa, Bologna, and Paris, and taught at Lucca, Florence, and Pisa. They were appointed lector at the studium particularis theologiae at Santa Maria sopra Minerva in 1299, which has sprung from the studium provinciale at Santa Sabina in 1288, and which was the forerunner to the College of Saint Thomas at the Minerva convent, and the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas, Angelicum.
A preacher of renown, Bartolomeo was as learned as they were devout, as skilled in Latin and Tuscan poetry as they were versed in canon and civil law.  They are variously called "Pisana", "Pisanella", "Bartholomaea", and "Magistruccia".
Works
Their fame rests chiefly on their alphabetically arranged "Summa de Casibus Conscientiae". The basis of this work was a "Summa Confessorum" by John Rumsik, O. P., Lector of Freiburg (d. 1314). Bartholomew arranged Rumsik's topic in alphabetical order, and added material on canon law.
Bartholomew's treatise was clear and concise, and it conformed to the newer laws and canons of their time. Evidently a highly useful digest, it was very popular and much used during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, and was among the first books undertaken by some of the earliest printers of Germany, France, and Italy. Nicholas of Osimo, O.M., added a supplement in 1444, which also appeared in many editions. Others likewise incorporated the work in later handbooks, notably James of Ascoli, O. M., 1464, and Ange de Clavasio, O.M., in their "Summa Angelica".
Apart from several MSS. on moral and literary subjects, their works include "De documentis antiquorum", edited by Albertus Clarius, O. P. (Tarvisi, 1601) in 8 vo. The same treatise in the vernacular, "Ammaestramenti degli antichi" (Florence, 1662), came to be regarded as a Tuscan classic.
References
Quetif-Échard, Scriptores Ord. Praed. (Paris, 1719), I, 623
Mandonnet in Dict. de theol. cath., 436
Panzer, Aelteste Buchdruckergeschichte Nurnbergs (Nuremberg, 1789), p. 18, n. 22
Hugo von Hurter, Nomenclator (Innsbruck, 1906), II, 612
Notes
External links
1347 deaths
Italian Dominicans
Canon law jurists
14th-century Italian jurists
14th-century Latin writers
Year of birth uncertain
The Lorraine-Hanriot LH.10 was a family of training monoplanes built in France in the early 1930s, the most widely produced and well-known member of which was the LH.16, later known simply as the Hanriot H.16. It was a conventional parasol-wing monoplane with fixed tailskid undercarriage, the main units of which were mounted on outriggers attached to the wing struts. The pilot and instructor sat in tandem open cockpits.
Early members of the family all had radial engines, but the definitive LH.16 of 1933 had an inline engine within a neat cowling. This type was evaluated by the Armée de l'Air and an initial order for 60 machines was placed. This was soon amended to just 15 in the original trainer configuration, plus another 29 modified as observation aircraft with a mounting for a trainable machine gun in the rear cockpit. Following a brief career in military service, the H.16s were turned over to the Aviation Populaire for use as trainers.
Variants
LH.10 - initial version with Lorraine 5Pa engine (2 built)
LH.11 - version with Lorraine 5Pb engine (2 built)
LH.11bis
LH.12 - version with Salmson 9Ac engine (1 built)
LH.13 - version with Lorraine 5Pb engine (5 built)
LH.16 - definitive version with Renault 4Pdi engine (15 built)
H.16/1 - armed observation version of H.16 (29 built)
Operators
French Air Force
Specifications (LH.16)
References
1920s French civil trainer aircraft
L.010
Parasol-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1930
Catagonium gracile is a species of moss from the genus Catagonium. It was described by Viktor Ferdinand Brotherus in 1908.
References
Hypnales
, provisional designation: , is a Jupiter trojan from the Greek camp, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 10 November 1998, by astronomers with the LINEAR survey at the Lincoln Laboratory's Experimental Test Site near Socorro, New Mexico, in the United States. The dark Jovian asteroid belongs to the 110 largest Jupiter trojans and shows an exceptionally slow rotation of 562 hours. It has not been named since its numbering in April 2001.
Orbit and classification
is a dark Jupiter trojan in a 1:1 orbital resonance with Jupiter. It is located in the leading Greek camp at the Gas Giant's Lagrangian point, 60° ahead of its orbit . It is also a non-family asteroid in the Jovian background population. It orbits the Sun at a distance of 4.7–5.7 AU once every 12 years (4,370 days; semi-major axis of 5.23 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.10 and an inclination of 25° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with its first observation as at the Kiso Observatory in November 1986, or 12 years prior to its official discovery observation at Socorro.
Numbering and naming
This minor planet was numbered by the Minor Planet Center on 8 April 2001 (). , it has not been named.
Physical characteristics
is an assumed, carbonaceous C-type asteroid. Most Jupiter trojans are D-types, with the reminder being mostly C and P-type asteroids. It has a typical V–I color index of 0.99 and a BR-color of 1.15.
Rotation period
With a rotation period of 562 hours, this slow rotator belongs to the Top 100 slowest rotators known to exist. It is also the third-slowest rotator among the larger Jupiter trojans after 4902 Thessandrus (738 hours) and (7352) 1994 CO (648 hours).
In August 2015, a rotational lightcurve of was obtained from photometric observations by the Kepler space observatory during its K2 mission. Lightcurve analysis gave an exceptionally long period of hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.45 magnitude, somewhat indicative of a non-spherical shape (). A second, lower-rated lightcurve from Kepler gave an alternative, even longer period of hours ().
These results supersede a poor period determination made at the Sierra Nevada Observatory in 2007, which gave a period 12.080 hours ().
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer and the Japanese Akari satellite, measures 46.00 and 47.91 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.076 and 0.084, respectively. The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo for a carbonaceous asteroid of 0.057 and calculates a larger diameter of 50.77 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 10.2.
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (20001)-(25000) – Minor Planet Center
Asteroid (23958) 1998 VD30 at the Small Bodies Data Ferret
023958
023958
023958
19981110
The WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship contested in WWE on the SmackDown brand. Unveiled on the August 23, 2016 episode of SmackDown, it was created to be the counterpart title to the then-WWE Tag Team Championship, which became exclusive to Raw as a result of the 2016 WWE draft and was subsequently renamed to Raw Tag Team Championship.
The championship is generally contested in professional wrestling matches, in which participants execute scripted finishes rather than contend in direct competition. The inaugural champions were Heath Slater and Rhyno, who won the title in a tournament final at Backlash on September 11, 2016. The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso) are the current champions in their fifth reign, both as a team and individually. They defeated Rey and Dominik Mysterio on July 18, 2021 during the Money in the Bank Kickoff pre-show. After winning the Raw Tag Team Championship on the May 20, 2022, episode ofSmackDown, The Usos are recognized as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champions.
As of , , overall there have been 26 reigns between 16 teams composed of 30 individual champions, and one vacancy. The team of Heath Slater and Rhyno were the inaugural champions. The New Day's Kofi Kingston and Xavier Woods have the most reigns at seven, both as a team and individually, and their seventh is the shortest reign for the title at 3 days (2 days as recognized by WWE); during their first six reigns, Big E was also recognized as champion under the Freebird Rule. The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso) have the longest singular reign at + days for their ongoing fifth reign, and they have the longest combined reign at + days. The oldest champion is Shane McMahon, winning the title at 49 years old, while the youngest is Dominik Mysterio when they won it at 24.
Title history
Reigns
Combined reigns
As of , .
By team
By wrestler
See also
Tag team championships in WWE
References
External links
Official WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship Title History
WWE tag team champion lists
WWE SmackDown
Elections to the Parliament of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope were held in 1898. The Legislative Council was elected on 16 March and the House of Assembly between 9 August and 5 September. These were the first elections contested on a more-or-less two-party basis after the emergence of responsible government in 1872. Party divisions were still hazy at the time of the elections, but the result was a narrow victory for opponents of the Progressive Party of Cecil Rhodes, despite the Progressives winning the popular vote. Incumbent Prime Minister Gordon Sprigg had become aligned with the nascent Progressive party, and was succeeded by William Philip Schreiner, an Independent supported by the Afrikaner Bond, upon the inauguration of the new House of Assembly.
Electoral System
Twenty-three members of the Legislative Council were elected from nine constituencies termed "provinces," seven of which elected three members each by cumulative voting, and the remaining two provinces one member each. The House of Assembly was composed of 79 members elected from 39 electoral divisions which elected between one and four members each, in which each voter had as many votes as there were candidates to be elected, but was not permitted to cast them cumulatively, as for the Legislative Council.
Results
House of Assembly
The fact that voters in different constituencies could cast varying numbers of votes, and that votes were not counted where any candidates ran unopposed, means that raw popular vote totals are a poor estimate of party support. Alan John Charrington Smith's analysis of voting patterns estimated that support was approximately 43,243 voters (57.35%) for the Progressive party and 32,165 (42.65%) for its opponents. The table below lists raw vote totals.
Legislative Council
The Progressive candidate in Griqualand West was elected unopposed. All other provinces had more candidates than seats to fill.
References
Cape
Elections in the Cape Colony
Parliamentary election
Bruce Q. Chandler (born May 7, 1952) is an American business person and politician from Washington. Chandler is a Republican member of the Washington House of Representatives, representing District 15, Position 1 since 1999.
Career
In 1985, Chandler became the owner and operator of Chandler Ranches Limited Liability Company, a commercial fruit orchard.
On November 3, 1998, Chandler won the election and became a Republican member of Washington House of Representatives for District 15, Position 1. Chandler defeated Walter J. Braten with 62.04% of the votes.
On November 3, 2020, as an incumbent, Chandler won the election, and continued serving as a member of Washington House of Representatives for District 15, Position 1. Chandler defeated Jack McEntire with 58.02% of the votes. Chandler's current term ends on January 09, 2023.
Awards
2008 Key Award. Presented by Washington Coalition for Open Government.
2010 Legislator of the Decade. Presented by NFIB.
2011 Cornerstone Award. Presented by the Association of Washington Business.
2012 Guardian of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
2012 W. Fred Witham Memorial Award. Presented by Yakima Association of Realtors.
2014 Guardians of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
2016 Crayon Award. Presented by Early Learning Action Alliance.
2020 Guardians of Small Business. Presented by NFIB.
Personal life
Chandler's wife is Julie Chandler. They have three children. Chandler and their family lived in Zillah, Washington and now live in Granger, Washington.
References
External links
Bruce Chandler at ballotpedia.org
Bruce Chandler at ourcampaigns.com
Bruce Chandler at houserepublicans.wa.gov
Bruce Chandler at hroc.us
1952 births
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
People from Yakima County, Washington
Washington (state) Republicans
The South Cuyama Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the Cuyama Valley and the adjacent northern foothills of the Sierra Madre Mountains in northeastern Santa Barbara County, California. Discovered in 1949, and with a cumulative production of around of oil, it ranks 27th in size in the state, but is believed to retain only approximately two percent of its original oil (approximately ), according to the official estimates of the California Department of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources (DOGGR). Of the top forty onshore oil fields in California, it is the most recent to be discovered, but by the end of 2008 only 87 wells remained in production.
Setting
The oil field is south of the town of New Cuyama in the portion of the Cuyama Valley that slopes gently into the northern foothills of the Sierra Madre Mountains. Parts of the field are on hilly terrain, and some is within the Los Padres National Forest. The field can be reached from California State Route 166 via Aliso Canyon Road on the northwest, and Perkins Road on the northeast; Perkins Road joins 166 at the town of New Cuyama. While these roads run roughly north-south, Foothill Road crosses through the field from east to west, eventually reaching Santa Barbara Canyon Road on the east and State Route 33. Elevations on the field range from approximately 2,200 to 3,000 feet (670 to 910 meters). The productive area of the field is approximately long by two across, with the long axis running northwest to southeast; the total productive area as reported by DOGGR is .
The climate is semi-arid, with occasional marine influence, as the Cuyama Valley is open to the sea, although through a narrow gap. Summers are hot with temperatures commonly exceeding ; winters are cool, with the mean freeze-free period being about 250 days. Average annual rainfall is about 12 inches, almost all of it falling in the winter in the form of rain, although occasional snowfall has occurred. All streams are dry in the summer, and even the Cuyama River dries up by the late summer in most years. The area is prone to brushfires in the summer and fall; indeed a fire in 1994 caused a loss of $76,000 to the operators, and in July 2006 an accident on the oil field involving a metal plate crossing power lines started the Perkins Fire, which burned on the north side of the Sierra Madre Mountains.
Native vegetation in the vicinity of the field ranges from grassland to chaparral to oak woodland. Drainage is to the north, towards the Cuyama River, along Bitter Creek, Branch Canyon Wash, and several ephemeral drainages.
Geology
Oil in the South Cuyama Basin comes from two primary pools, the Miocene-age Dibblee Sand and the Colgrove Sand, porous units in the Vaqueros Formation underneath the largely impermeable Monterey Formation. The sedimentary Cuyama Basin is cut by many small faults, and the oil exists in a series of stratigraphic traps, where it is in most cases blocked in its upward motion by impermeable blocks of Monterey, often offset by faults. The average depth of oil in the field is about below ground surface, and the thickness of the oil-bearing units rarely exceeds ; in the separate southeastern area of the field, where the Colgrove sand is below ground surface, the oil bearing rock is only thick. The source rock for the South Cuyama oil is most likely the Soda Lake Shale member of the Vaqueros Formation.
Overlying the faulted and broken Miocene rocks, which include the Monterey, Branch Canyon, and Santa Margarita Formations, and separated by an unconformity, is about 2,000 to of the Pliocene Morales Formation. None of these upper rocks are oil-bearing, although gas has been produced from the Santa Margarita Formation.
Oil from the South Cuyama Field is of generally medium to high API gravity, ranging from 28 to 36 API, so it flows easily. A small pool in the Dibblee Sand in the now-abandoned Southeast Area of the field had oil of even higher gravity and lower viscosity; a well drilled there in 1975 was abandoned in 1978 after producing .
History, production and operations
Richfield Oil Co., later part of Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO), drilled the first well in the area to hit oil, on the advice of Thomas Dibblee, in May 1949. Richfield named the oil-bearing unit, the Dibblee Sand, in their honor. This single well initially produced , a large find for a region previously written off as being without petroleum potential. The discovery of oil here and in the nearby Russell Ranch Oil Field transformed the Cuyama Valley from an almost uninhabited region with few cattle ranches into a mini-boom area; ARCO built the town of New Cuyama in the years after the oil discovery to house the oil workers and provide associated services.
ARCO was only the first of several companies to work the New Cuyama Field. In 1990, they sold off their interest in the field to Stream Energy. The next company to operate the field was Hallador Petroleum, which continued operations until 2005, at which time it sold its interest to E&B Natural Resources Management Corporation, the current operator, which also runs the Russell Ranch field four miles (6 km) to the northwest.
Peak production for the field was in 1951, shortly after discovery, during which over of oil were pumped from the Dibblee and Colgrove pools. Production has declined steadily since, with around pumped in 1977, 500,000 in 1987, 390,000 in 1997, and 270,000 in 2007. At the end of 2008, there were only 87 oil wells still in production.
Some enhanced recovery projects have been undertaken on the field. Since the oil in the South Cuyama Field is not heavy, steam injection has not been necessary to reduce viscosity and improve flow; however, both gas injection and waterflooding have been used, both in the Colgrove and Dibblee formations. The field operators used waterflooding between 1956 and 1973 in the Colgrove, with some success, and both gas injection and waterflooding have been used in the Dibblee Formation commencing in 1964 and 1955, respectively. As of 2008, E&B Resources still uses waterflooding to assist in flow of oil to pumping wells; other wells are designated for water disposal. At the end of 2008, the average water cut – the percentage of liquid pumped from oil wells that was water – was running at 98.4 percent, indicating a field very close to the end of its useful life. Wells on the field were producing an average of 7.9 barrels of oil per day, and the operators have been reinjecting the enormous quantities of water produced with the oil back into the formation through approximately 50 water disposal and water flood wells scattered throughout the field.
E&B also maintains a gas processing plant, known as Gas Plant 10, on the eastern side of the oil field; all natural gas production from the oil wells goes there. The purpose of the gas plant is to strip out hydrogen sulfide, nitrogen, carbon dioxide, water, and natural gas liquids (NGLs) from the gas, making it acceptable for commercial use. After processing at the plant it is sent on for sale, reinjected into the field to enhance recovery, or used as fuel for oilfield operations. NGLs are sent to a tank farm where they are mixed with the oil. Santa Barbara County gave the plant its first permit to operate in 1988.
References
California Oil and Gas Fields, Volumes I, II and III. Vol. I (1998), Vol. II (1992), Vol. III (1982). California Department of Conservation, Division of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources (DOGGR). 1,472 pp. South Cuyama Oil Field information pp. 120–124. PDF file available on CD from www.consrv.ca.gov.
California Department of Conservation, Oil and Gas Statistics, Annual Report, December 31, 2006.
References
Oil fields in Santa Barbara County, California
Cuyama Valley
Los Padres National Forest
Geography of Santa Barbara County, California
1949 establishments in California
"Bob Dylan's 115th Dream" is a song by Bob Dylan, released on their fifth album, Bringing It All Back Home. In 2005, Mojo magazine rated the song as the 68th greatest Bob Dylan song.
Themes
The title alludes to an earlier Dylan song, "Bob Dylan's Dream", released in 1963. The song is a satirical and surrealistic story that jumbles together historical and literary and narrative references from the voyages of Columbus to the Mayflower to Moby Dick to the present day. The narrator calls their ship's captain "Captain Arab", referring to Captain Ahab from Moby-Dick. several times during the telling of the tale.
Historian Sean Wilentz described the song as "a six-and-a-half-minute roller-coaster ride, more joyful than scary" in which Dylan constructs a manic journey through American history: "a hipster sailor travels across a historical landscape where it's sometimes 1620, sometimes 1851, sometimes 1492, but always 1965 as well—and could just as easily be America today, which is really the point." For Wilentz, the song amounts to a portrait of America as "a newfound land that is frantic, exasperating, jumbled, and irrational beyond the point of absurdity".
Recording
Dylan recorded an acoustic version on January 13, 1965, the first day of the Bringing It All Back Home sessions. They recorded what would become the final album version a day later, with Bobby Gregg on drums, Bill Lee on bass, and Paul Griffin on piano. They did not perform the song live until October 13, 1988, then went on to play it during the final six concerts of their 1988 tour.
The track commences with an early take of Dylan beginning to play the song alone before producer Tom Wilson is heard bursting into laughter and signalling for a start-over. The track is then transitioned into a take played by the full band the next day.
Covers
The song was covered by Taj Mahal on the Dylan tribute album Chimes of Freedom.
References
1965 songs
Songs written by Bob Dylan
Bob Dylan songs
Song recordings produced by Tom Wilson (record producer)
Music based on novels
Songs about dreams
Songs about sailors
Halil Mutlu (born Halil Aliev () on 14 July 1973 in Postnik, Bulgaria) is a former professional Turkish weightlifter with several World and Olympic championship titles. Mutlu is one of the five weightlifters who have achieved three consecutive gold medals at the Olympic Games. Their weightlifting career includes five World championships, nine European championships and more than 20 world records at , and combined.
Career
In 1994, they won both the European and world championships, titles that would soon become commonplace for him. They made their first Olympic appearance in 1992 in the 52 kg category and finished fifth. In 1996, in the 54 kg category, the reigning world champion and world record holder, Mutlu broke the world record in the snatch and went on to win the gold medal by 7.5 kg. At the 1999 World Championships they beat silver medal winner Adrian Jigău by around 20 kg and set a new world record. They remained undefeated until the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, where they were even more dominant than they had been in Atlanta. This time they set world records in both the snatch and the clean and jerk and won by 17.5 kg in the 56 kg category.
They were suffering from a shoulder injury in 2003 and temporarily moved to the 62 kg class. Their career appeared in doubt after a torn right rotator cuff and ruptured biceps tendon sidelined them for most of 2002.
Mutlu dominated in their weight class since mid-1990s. By the time of the Athens Olympics in 2004, Mutlu won the world championship five times, although they had missed the 2002 season because of injury. In Athens they out lifted Wu Meijin of China by 5 kg in the snatch and then extended their lead in the jerk to earn victory by 7.5 kg. At 31, they captured their third consecutive gold medal at the Olympics in Athens.
Steroid ban
In 2005, Mutlu was banned from international competition by the International Weightlifting Federation for 2 years for use of anabolic steroid Nandrolone, although they insist that they never knowingly took steroids. The Turkish Weightlifting Federation itself had been suspended by the IWF for "repeated anti-doping violations" until May 2006. They pulled out of the 2008 Beijing Olympics stating that they were not able to "lift my targeted weight in practice." As a penalty, they were expelled from the ASKI.
Personal life
Mutlu is married and has lived in Ankara, Turkey since the early 1990s.  They are a member of the Konya Kombassan Club in Konya and is coached by Ibrahim Elmali. Beside weightlifting, Mutlu enjoys wrestling.
Highlights
World junior champion (1993),
Five-time world champion (2003, 2001, 1999, 1998, 1994 - 1st; 1995, 1993 - 2nd.),
Nine-time European champion (2005, 2003, 2001, 2000, 1999, 1997, 1996, 1995, 1994),
25 gold medals (8 Snatches, 8 Clean and Jerks, 9 Total) in total at European Championships, winner of the most gold medals second after David Rigert with 27 gold medals,
Only fourth weightlifter to win three Olympic gold medals (2004, 2000, 1996),
Named as the "Sportsman of the year 1999" in Turkey,
 They are one of five men in history to lift three times their bodyweight,
Major results
Medals
Olympics
World Championships
European Championships
CWR: Current world record
WR: World record
See also
Athletes with most gold medals in one event at the Olympic Games
References
External links
Halil Mutlu at Lift Up
Halil Mutlu at Database Weightlifting
1973 births
Living people
Bulgarian Turks in Turkey
Bulgarian emigrants to Turkey
People from Momchilgrad
Turkish male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Turkey
Olympic gold medalists for Turkey
Weightlifters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
World record holders in Olympic weightlifting
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Doping cases in weightlifting
European champions in weightlifting
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
European champions for Turkey
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Claude Traunecker (born 1943 in Mulhouse) is a French Egyptologist, professor at the University of Strasbourg and researcher at the CNRS. They have participated in numerous archaeological excavations and research on ancient Egypt.
From 1968 to 1984, Traunecker worked in Franco-Egyptian Center for the Study of Temples Karnak and Luxor. They published research in the journal Cahiers de Karnak. Claude Traunecker taught at the École du Louvre from 1985 to 1995. They were then a professor at the University of Louvain. In 1996, they were elected chair of Egyptology at the University of Strasbourg, a position they held until 2007.
During the excavation campaign of 2004–2005, they explored the many rooms of the Theban tomb, TT33. Traunecker has authored many books and papers.  They are the author of The Gods of Egypt, and in 1984 they published Karnak: résurrection d'un site with Jean-Claude Golvin.
References
1943 births
Living people
French Egyptologists
Writers from Mulhouse
University of Strasbourg faculty
Refugees As Survivors New Zealand (RASNZ) is the charitable humanitarian NGO which is the lead agency for mental health services for all incoming UNHCR quota and convention refugees who enter New Zealand for resettlement. Established in 1997, RASNZ is based at the national refugee reception centre at Mangere in Auckland. Working closely with Immigration New Zealand (INZ) and other government agencies at the centre, RASNZ provides treatment for traumatised refugees and victims of torture. Initially treatment and support is provided at the Mangere Refugee Resettlement Centre. New Zealand accepts 750 UN refugees per year as part of its international quota resettlement programme.
References
External links
RASNZ
Refugees in New Zealand
Immigration to New Zealand
Medical and health organisations based in New Zealand
Mental health in New Zealand
Vestskoven (lit. "The West Forrest") is a 13 km2 forest located in the western suburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark.
History
Vestskoven was established in the late 1960s to provide easy access to recreational areas for the rapidly growing population of Copenhagen's western suburbs in accordance with the Finger Plan. The area was landscaped with artificial hills and lakes. The first trees were planted in 1967.
Topography
Herstedhøje is a group of artificial hills located just north of Herstedøster in Albertslund Municipality. It rises to 67 metres or 30–35 metres above the surrounding countryside. Oxbjerget is an artificial hill situated just north of Hvissinge in Glostrup Municipality in the easternmost part of Vestskoven. Its highest point is 35 metres and it rises approximately 15 metres above the surrounding terrain. It is located in a fenced part of the forest where unleashed dogs are permitted.
Store Vejleådal in the westernmost part of Vestskoven is grazed by cattle. Vestskoven contains two boglands. Harrestrup Mose is located on the north side of the forest. Harrestrup Å originates in the area. The other bog is Porsemosen in the western part of the forest.
Landmarks
Herstedøster and Risby
Vestskoven contains the two villages Herstedøster and Tisby. Herstedøster Church dates from the 12th century although its Late Gothic was not built until the 15th century. Risby is most known for its film studios.
Kroppedal and Observatorium Tusculanum
Kroppedal at Vridsløsemagle in the western part of Vestskoven was converted into a local historic museum by Albertslund Municipality in 2002. It contains a permanent exhibition about Ole Rømer and special exhibitions about astronomy and local history. Rømer had operated an astronomic observatory nearby. It was called Observatorium Tusculanum but has been demolished and little remains today. A bronze statue by Ludvig Brandstrup now stands at the site. It was originally located in Copenhagen.
Viking village
A reconstruction of a Viking village is located at Store Vejleådal in the western part of Vestskoven. It consists of a communal building, a few houses and a pigs' stable. A reconstruction of a Viking road and bridge across Store Vejleådal is planned.
Hvissinge Stone
The Hvissinge Stone, a Glacial erratic, is the largest stone on the island of Zealand. It measures 5×6×3.5 m and weighs 250,000 kilos.
References
Forests of Greater Copenhagen
Parks in Albertslund Municipality
John K. Konenkamp (born October 20, 1944) is a retired justice of the South Dakota Supreme Court.
Early life and education
Born in Brooklyn, N.Y., as the first of eight children born to Margaret and John Konenkamp. They attended private Catholic Schools throughout the duration of their childhood and adolescence. In their early teen years, their family moved to Macon, GA. Konenkamp graduated from the University of Georgia in 1967, served for four years in the United States Navy where they met Geri their wife to be, a Navy Nurse, and following that, attended the University of South Dakota School of Law. They graduated with a Juris Doctor degree in 1974.
Career
They served as Deputy State's Attorney for Rapid City, South Dakota through 1977, then entered private practice. Konenkamp and their wife served for several years as foster parents for the South Dakota Department of Social Services.
Judicial service
In 1984 South Dakota Governor Bill Janklow appointed Konenkamp a circuit court judge. They became presiding judge of the seventh circuit in 1988. In 1994 Governor Walter Dale Miller appointed them to the state supreme court. They were retained in retention elections in 1998 and again in 2006. Among the judicial law clerks that worked under them include Gregory J. Stoltenburg.
References
1944 births
Living people
Politicians from Rapid City, South Dakota
South Dakota lawyers
South Dakota state court judges
Justices of the South Dakota Supreme Court
United States Navy sailors
University of South Dakota School of Law alumni
James Blundell may refer to:
James Blundell (physician) (1790–1878), English obstetrician
James Blundell (singer) (born 1964), Australian country music singer
James Blundell (album), 1989
Stourbridge Cricket Club is an English cricket club based in Stourbridge, West Midlands. The club play at the War Memorial Athletic Ground in Stourbridge, and compete in the Birmingham District Cricket League.
Stourbridge was a leading side in the Birmingham and District Cricket League from 1894 to 2003, winning the Division 1 title in 1919, 1987 and 1989. They also won the William Younger Cup, now known as the Cockspur Cup, at Lord's in 1986. They were relegated from the Birmingham and District Cricket League after the 2003 season.
The club's ground was used regularly for first class cricket by Worcestershire between 1905 and 1962, and has also hosted two ICC Trophy matches. Several Test players have played for the club, including Humayun Farhat, Imran Farhat, Don Kenyon and Ron Headley.
In the 2011 season, Stourbridge First XI secured promotion to the Birmingham District League with a record points haul after being very close 3 seasons before, when points deduction stopped them from being promoted and coming second or third in other seasons.
External links
Stourbridge Cricket Club - official site
Worcestershire Cricket League - official site
English club cricket teams
Sport in Dudley
Stourbridge
The 1928 Washington Senators won 75 games, lost 79, and finished in fourth place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
February 1, 1928: Tris Speaker was released by the Senators.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Notes
References
1928 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1928 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
Mike Tyson vs. Francois Botha was a professional boxing match on January 16, 1999. Tyson won the match by knocking out Botha in the fifth round.
Background
After Tyson's controversial fight with Evander Holyfield on June 28, 1997 which saw Tyson get disqualified in the third round after twice biting Holyfield's ears, the Nevada Athletic Commission fined Tyson $3 million and revoked their boxing license. Tyson's ban would ultimately last a total of 15 months and 10 days with it finally ending after a five-man committee voted in favor of reinstating Tyson by a vote of 4–1 on October 18, 1998. After much speculation over who Tyson would face in their return bout, it was officially announced that Tyson would face former IBF Heavyweight champion Francois Botha on January 16, 1999. Despite their long layoff, Tyson was forthright about their chances of collecting a victory over Botha by way of knockout. On one occasion, Tyson stated "I am going right at them and I expect them to go down cold. I expect them to die." The comment would cause some controversy, with some in the boxing world claiming that Tyson had gone too far. Botha also was confident that they could defeat Tyson, claiming that they would earn the victory by way of "seventh round knockout".
The fight
Through the fight's first four rounds, Botha both outboxed and outpointed the rusty Tyson. In the first round Tyson had trouble connecting with their punches and Botha was able to dodge most of Tyson's attempts. With 10 seconds left in the round, Tyson was able to get a hold of Botha's left arm. Tyson refused to let go as the round came to an end causing Botha to try to punch their way free from Tyson's grip by using their free right hand. Referee Richard Steele tried in vain to separate the two fighters who were now throwing punches at each other after the bell. Both Tyson and Botha's corners, along with MGM Grand security rushed into the ring and were finally able to separate the two men. The melee caused the beginning of round two to be briefly delayed as Steele issued warnings to both men about fouling. After the warnings, the fight was continued with Tyson coming at Botha with their jab. Botha then clinched with Tyson who again grabbed a hold of Botha's left arm causing Botha to complain to Steele that Tyson was trying to break their arm. Steele issued another warning to Tyson to not twist Botha's arm and the fight continued. Shortly after, however, Tyson grabbed hold of Botha's arm for a third time forcing Steele to again separate the fighters and issue another warning to Tyson. Almost immediately after, Tyson again clinched Botha. As Steele separated the two, Tyson shoved Botha with their left hand, leading to Steele calling time and deducting a point from Tyson. Botha would continue to fight well, winning both rounds 3 and 4 on the judge's scorecards. In round 4, Botha even taunted Tyson by dropping their arms and challenging them to land a punch. Botha was having another good round in round 5, but with 12 seconds remaining, Tyson was able to land a short right hand that dropped Botha to the canvas. Botha twice attempted to get up and was nearly able to answer Steele's count at nine, but they went right back down and Steele stopped the fight at 2:59 and Tyson was awarded the knockout victory.
Aftermath
Tyson would follow their victory with a no contest against Orlin Norris (due to Tyson injuring Norris after the bell) and easy wins over Julius Francis and Lou Savarese that got them back into contention. After another no contest against Andrew Golota (due to Tyson testing positive for cannabis after the fight) and win over Brian Nielsen, Tyson would eventually earn one last title shot against Lennox Lewis but was knocked out in the eighth round.
The following year, Botha would get an opportunity at Lewis' titles, challenging the champion on July 15, 2000. Botha would not have as good a showing as they did against Tyson, being knocked out in the second round by Lewis
References
1999 in boxing
Boxing in Las Vegas
1999 in sports in Nevada
Boxing on Showtime
Botha
January 1999 sports events in the United States
MGM Grand Garden Arena
Otaq Sara () may refer to:
Otaq Sara, Babol
Adam Helfant is a former Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) executive chairperson and president who succeeded Etienne de Villiers in 2009. Helfant is an MIT and Harvard Law graduate. They spent 12 years with Nike as a senior executive and three years with the National Hockey League as an attorney.
Helfant left the ATP at the end of 2011. They denied that they asked for more money, insisting that they were offered a long-term contract when their initial three-year deal was expiring and that they turned the offer down for personal reasons. Helfant left the ATP with in a strong financial position. They had tried to increase the amount of rest the players got. In November 2011 Helfant stated that they had boosted the ATP's commercial revenue by 80% and that the company's reserves had increased by more than 1,400%.
In 2012, with Chris Bevilacqua, Helfant started a sports and media advisory company called Bevilacqua Helfant Ventures.
Helfant's niece Grace McDonnell was one of the victims of the Newtown Tragedy.
References
Living people
National Hockey League executives
Nike, Inc. people
Tennis people from Connecticut
Harvard Law School alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
American lawyers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Abu'l-Abbas Marwazi () was an early Persian poet. Muhammad Aufi considers them the first Persian poet. Their works are lost. They lived in 8th century in Marv and along Persian, they were also fluent in Arabic. Aufi quoted four couplets of them in their book, but modern scholars cast doubt on whether these couplets are from Marwazi or not, since their language doesn't resemble other early Persian poems. Albert Kazimirski de Biberstein believed that these couplets are from 7th or 8th AH because of the presence of many Arabic loanwords in them.
References
Persian-language poets
8th-century Iranian people
People from Khorasan
People from Merv
Ness County (standard abbreviation: NS) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,687. The largest city and county seat is Ness City. The county was named for Corporal Noah V. Ness of the 7th Kansas Cavalry.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1867, Ness County was established.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.02%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Trego County (north)
Ellis County (northeast)
Rush County (east)
Pawnee County (southeast)
Hodgeman County (south)
Finney County (southwest)
Lane County (west)
Gove County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 3,454 people, 1,516 households, and 977 families residing in the county. The population density was 3 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,835 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.23% White, 0.06% Black or African American, 0.23% Native American, 0.09% Asian, 0.49% from other races, and 0.90% from two or more races. 1.51% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,516 households, out of which 26.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.10% were married couples living together, 4.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.50% were non-families. 33.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.83.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.90% under the age of 18, 4.60% from 18 to 24, 24.00% from 25 to 44, 24.20% from 45 to 64, and 24.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 98.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,340, and the median income for a family was $39,775. Males had a median income of $27,892 versus $20,037 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,787. About 6.50% of families and 8.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.50% of those under age 18 and 10.20% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Ness County is presently overwhelmingly Republican, although it was won by Jimmy Carter for the Democratic Party as recently as 1976. However, apart from Carter and Lyndon Johnson in 1964, no Democrat since 1940 has reached forty percent of the county's ballots. Since Carter's win, however, Michael Dukakis in 1988 which was during a major drought in the Great Plains, had reached so much as 26 percent of the county's vote. In 2016, Hillary Clinton received less than half even this modest figure.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2004, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Western Plains USD 106
Ness City USD 303
LaCrosse USD 395, mostly in Rush County
Communities
Cities
Bazine
Brownell
Ness City
Ransom
Utica
Unincorporated communities
Arnold
Beeler
Ghost town
Nonchalanta
Townships
Ness County is divided into ten townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Notes
Further reading
Handbook of Ness County, Kansas; C.S. Burch Publishing Co; 42 pages; 1887.
Standard Atlas of Ness County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 64 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Ness County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Ness County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Bozyer is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
This is a list of United States senators from Kansas. Kansas was admitted to the Union on January 29, 1861, and its senators belong to Class 2 and Class 3. Kansas's current senators are Republicans Jerry Moran and Roger Marshall. 29 of Kansas's senators have been Republicans, three have been Democrats, and two have been Populists.
Kansas last elected a Democratic senator in 1932, and both seats have been occupied by Republicans since 1939, the longest current streak of one party controlling both of a state's Senate seats. Its Class 2 seat has been occupied consecutively by Republicans since 1919, the longest current streak for a single seat in the country.
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 colspan=3 | Vacant
| rowspan=2 | January 29, 1861 –April 4, 1861
| rowspan=2 |
| rowspan=4 | 1
|
| —
| rowspan=2 |
| rowspan=2 | January 29, 1861 –April 4, 1861
| rowspan=2 colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2
| rowspan=6 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 1
| rowspan=3 align=left | James H. Lane
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | April 4, 1861 –July 11, 1866
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1861.
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1861.
| rowspan=8 nowrap | April 4, 1861 –March 3, 1873
| rowspan=8 | Republican
| rowspan=8 align=right | Samuel C. Pomeroy
! rowspan=8 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1865.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 2
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | July 11, 1866 –July 25, 1866
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 align=left | Edmund Ross
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | July 25, 1866 –March 3, 1871
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Lane's term.Elected in 1867 to finish Lane's term.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1867.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 3
| rowspan=2 align=left | Alexander Caldwell
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 nowrap | March 4, 1871 –March 24, 1873
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1871.Resigned in 1873.
| rowspan=6 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4
| rowspan=6 | 3
| rowspan=6 | Elected in 1873.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | March 4, 1873 –March 3, 1891
| rowspan=12 | Republican
| rowspan=12 align=right | John James Ingalls
! rowspan=12 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | March 24, 1873 –November 24, 1873
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 4
| align=left | Robert Crozier
| | Republican
| nowrap | November 24, 1873 –February 2, 1874
| Appointed to continue Caldwell's term.Retired when successor elected.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 5
| rowspan=2 align=left | James Harvey
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 nowrap | February 2, 1874 –March 3, 1877
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1874 to finish Caldwell's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=8 | 6
| rowspan=8 align=left | Preston B. Plumb
| rowspan=8 | Republican
| rowspan=8 nowrap | March 4, 1877 –December 20, 1891
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1877.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1879.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1883.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1885.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1888.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 6
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1891.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | March 4, 1891 –March 3, 1897
| rowspan=5 | Populist
| rowspan=5 align=right | William A. Peffer
! rowspan=5 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | December 20, 1891 –January 1, 1892
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 7
| align=left | Bishop Perkins
| | Republican
| nowrap | January 1, 1892 –March 4, 1893
| Appointed to continue Plumb's term.Retired when successor qualified.
|- style="height:2em"
! 8
| align=left | John Martin
| | Democratic
| nowrap | March 4, 1893 –March 3, 1895
| Elected in 1893 to finish Plumb's term.
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 align=left | Lucien Baker
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1895 –March 3, 1901
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1895.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1897.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1897 –March 3, 1903
| rowspan=3 | Populist
| rowspan=3 align=right | William Harris
! rowspan=3 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 align=left | Joseph Burton
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1901 –June 4, 1906
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1901.Resigned when convicted of bribery.
| rowspan=6 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 8
| rowspan=6 | Elected in 1903.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1903 –March 3, 1909
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Chester I. Long
! rowspan=6 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | June 4, 1906 –June 11, 1906
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 11
| align=left | Alfred Benson
| | Republican
| nowrap | June 11, 1906 –January 22, 1907
| Appointed to continue Burton's term.Lost election to finish Burton's term.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 12
| rowspan=4 align=left | Charles Curtis
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 nowrap | January 22, 1907 –March 3, 1913
| Elected in 1907 to finish Burton's term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1907 to the next term.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1909.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1909 –March 3, 1915
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Joseph Bristow
! rowspan=3 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 align=left | William H. Thompson
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1913 –March 3, 1919
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1913.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1914.
| rowspan=7 nowrap | March 4, 1915 –March 3, 1929
| rowspan=7 | Republican
| rowspan=7 align=right | Charles Curtis
! rowspan=7 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=17 | 14
| rowspan=17 align=left | Arthur Capper
| rowspan=17 | Republican
| rowspan=17 nowrap | March 4, 1919 –January 3, 1949
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1918.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1920.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1924.
| rowspan=5 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 12
| Re-elected in 1926.Resigned to become U.S. Vice President.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
|
| nowrap | March 3, 1929 –April 1, 1929
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Curtis's term.Lost election to finish Curtis's term.
| nowrap | April 1, 1929 –November 30, 1930
| | Republican
| align=right | Henry Allen
! 8
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1930 to finish Curtis's term.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | December 1, 1930 –January 3, 1939
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 align=right | George McGill
! rowspan=5 | 9
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1930.
| rowspan=3 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1932.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1936.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1938.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1939 –November 8, 1949
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Clyde M. Reed
! rowspan=6 | 10
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1942.Retired
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1944.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=10 | 15
| rowspan=10 align=left | Andrew F. Schoeppel
| rowspan=10 | Republican
| rowspan=10 nowrap | January 3, 1949 –January 21, 1962
| rowspan=6 | Elected in 1948.
| rowspan=6 | 16
| rowspan=4
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | November 8, 1949 –December 2, 1949
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Reed's term.Retired when successor elected.
| nowrap | December 2, 1949 –November 28, 1950
| | Republican
| align=right | Harry Darby
! 11
|- style="height:2em"
| Elected in 1950 to finish Reed's term.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | November 29, 1950 –January 3, 1969
| rowspan=12 | Republican
| rowspan=12 align=right | Frank Carlson
! rowspan=12 | 12
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Elected to full term in 1950.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1954.
| rowspan=3 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 17
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1956.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1960.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 18
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | January 21, 1962 –January 31, 1962
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 16
| rowspan=9 align=left | James B. Pearson
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 31, 1962 –December 23, 1978
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Schoeppel's term.Elected in 1962 to finish Schoeppel's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.Retired
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1966.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1968.
| rowspan=15 nowrap | January 3, 1969 –June 11, 1996
| rowspan=15 | Republican
| rowspan=15 align=right | Bob Dole
! rowspan=15 | 13
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1972.Retired and resigned early to allow successor gain seniority.
| rowspan=4 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 20
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1974.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=12 | 17
| rowspan=12 align=left | Nancy Kassebaum
| rowspan=12 | Republican
| rowspan=12 nowrap | December 23, 1978 –January 3, 1997
| Appointed to finish Pearson's term, having already been elected to the next term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1978.
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1980.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1984.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1986.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1990.Retired.
| rowspan=5 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 23
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1992.Resigned to campaign for U.S. President.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Dole's term.Lost nomination to finish Dole's term.
| nowrap | June 11, 1996 –November 7, 1996
| | Republican
| align=right | Sheila Frahm
! 14
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1996 to finish Dole's term
| rowspan=8 nowrap | November 7, 1996 –January 3, 2011
| rowspan=8 | Republican
| rowspan=8 align=right | Sam Brownback
! rowspan=8 | 15
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=12 | 18
| rowspan=12 align=left | Pat Roberts
| rowspan=12 | Republican
| rowspan=12 nowrap | January 3, 1997 –January 3, 2021
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1996.
| rowspan=3 | 24
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 24
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2002.
| rowspan=3 | 25
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 25
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.Retired to run for Governor of Kansas.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2008.
| rowspan=3 | 26
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 26
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2010.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 2011 –Present
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Jerry Moran
! rowspan=6 | 16
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2014.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 27
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 27
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 align=left | Roger Marshall
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 2021 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2020.
| rowspan=3 | 28
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3|28
| rowspan=3 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2026 election.
| 29
|
Living former senators
, there are four living former U.S. senators from Kansas. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was Bob Dole (served 1969–1996) on December 5, 2021.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
Explanatory Notes
Notes
References
See also
Lists of people from Kansas
List of United States representatives from Kansas
United States congressional delegations from Kansas
+United States Senators
Kansas
Płonna may refer to the following places in Poland:
Płonna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship (south-east Poland)
Płonna, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Donald Grady (born 11 June 1951) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.
References
1951 births
Living people
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Abdelrahim Lahbibi (born 1950) is a Moroccan novelist.
Early life
They were born in Safi and attended university in Fez. They studied Arabic at the College of Arts and Human Sciences, graduating with a BA in 1970.
Career
They have worked as a teacher and educationist ever since. Their novel The Journeys of 'Abdi, known as Son of Hamriya () was shortlisted for the 2013 Arabic Booker Prize.
Novels
Bread, Hashish and Fish (2008)
The Best of Luck (2010)
The Journeys of 'Abdi, known as Son of Hamriya (2013)
References
Moroccan novelists
Moroccan male writers
Male novelists
1950 births
People from Safi, Morocco
Living people
Moroccan educators
Los Angeles County Lifeguards is a division of the Los Angeles County Fire Department. The lifeguard operations safeguard of beach and of coastline, from San Pedro in the south, to Malibu in the north. The Los Angeles County Lifeguard Service served as the model for the hit television series Baywatch which was created by recurrent lifeguard Gregory J. Bonann.
Lifeguards also provide marine firefighting, paramedic, and fire boat services to Catalina Island, with operations out of Avalon and the Isthmus. Other daily fire boat services operate out of Los Angeles Harbor (Baywatch Cabrillo), King Harbor (Baywatch Redondo), Marina Del Rey (Baywatch Del Rey and Baywatch Santa Monica) and Malibu Pier (Baywatch Malibu).
The Los Angeles County Fire Department Lifeguard Division is the largest professional lifeguard service in the world. Entering the year 2018, the Los Angeles County Lifeguard Service employs 177 year-round lifeguards (chiefs, captains and ocean lifeguard specialists) and over 650 seasonal lifeguards (recurrents). Operating out of four Sectional Headquarters, located in Hermosa, Santa Monica, Marina Del Rey and Zuma beach. Each of these headquarters staffs a 24-hour response unit, and are part of the 911 system.
In addition to providing marine firefighting, LA County Lifeguards have specialized training for fire boat operations.
Prior to July 1, 1994, Los Angeles County Lifeguards were part of the Department of Beaches and Harbors.
Vehicles employed
Ford Escape Hybrid (2008–2014)
Ford Ranger (1994–2002)
Ford Expedition
Ford F-350 Super Duty
Nissan Frontier (2003–2008)
Toyota Tacoma (2015–present)
Toyota Tundra (2015–present)
Toyota Sequoia (2015–present)
Lifeguard uniforms
The following categories of lifeguard clothing in sufficient quantities to fully annually outfit 760 male lifeguards and 136 female lifeguards, which numbers can change each agreement year based upon the workforce composition then in employment, as ordered by the county including the following:
Short-sleeve and long-sleeve polo shirts;
Volley swim trunks;
Board shorts;
One-piece and two-piece women's swimsuits;
Micro-fleece with half-zipper;
Windbreaker pants;
Baseball caps, knit cap, and floppy hats
Lightweight windbreaker jackets;
Heavyweight jackets; and
Rashguards
Badges and patches
Most lifeguards are wearing a departmental badge that consists of a shield surmounted by a bear, and are silver-colored metal. The words "County of Los Angeles" appear on a ribbon at the top of the badge just under the bear, followed by ribbons with the words "Fire Department" appear just above the seal of the county. The title of the position of the person is inscribed on a ribbon placed just below the county's seal and the serial number of the badge appears at the bottom of the badge below the title of the position. The words "Ocean Lifeguard Specialist", "Ocean Lifeguard", "Captain" and "Chief" may also appear on the face of badges issued to employees or retired employees authorized by the Fire Department and board of supervisors to carry such badges.
Shoulder patches
Los Angeles County lifeguards wear a patch on their left sleeve that reads "County of Los Angeles Fire Dept. Lifeguard". Lifeguards that are licensed as paramedics wear a similar patch that identifies them as such.
Lifeguard vehicles
All Toyota Tacoma trucks are currently assigned a sectional beach in Los Angeles County since deploying its new vehicle since 2015.
References
External links
Los Angeles County Fire Department
Watch the Water – a public safety program
Government of Los Angeles County, California
Lifesaving organizations
Lifesaving in the United States
1914 establishments in California
The Norfolk County Council election took place on 4 June 2009, coinciding with local elections for all county councils in England.
The Conservative administration was re-elected with an increased majority and, as in Suffolk and Kent, the Liberal Democrats replaced Labour as the main opposition party.
The Conservatives increased their majority on the council from 10 to a comfortable 36 seats with a net gain of 14 seats. They held virtually all of their seats across the county, but made a net loss of 1 seat to the Liberal democrats in North Norfolk.
The Liberal Democrats performed well in the North Norfolk area through making a net gain of 1 against the Conservatives, and gaining Thetford West from Labour in Breckland, but lost seats to the conservatives in King's Lynn & West Norfolk and South Norfolk as the latter swept the board. Despite the party's flat-lining, they became the official opposition to the governing conservative administration.
Labour, just as had been the case across the rest of the country, suffered heavy losses to all parties and especially to the conservatives being left with just 3 seats across the county, being pushed in to 4th place behind the Green Party for the first time.
The Green Party made gains, particularly in Norwich where they won a majority of seats, which built upon their successes in city elections over the preceding years. They won more seats than labour across the county, but did not beat them in share of vote.
The United Kingdom Independence Party stood candidates in some seats, winning one in Great Yarmouth from Labour.
Other parties and independent candidates stood without winning seats and making little impact.
Previous composition
2005 election
Composition of council seats before election
Changes between elections
In between the 2005 election and the 2009 election, the following council seats changed hands:
Summary of results
|-bgcolor=#F6F6F6
| colspan=2 style="text-align: right; margin-right: 1em" | Total
| style="text-align: right;" | 84
| colspan=5 |
| style="text-align: right;" | 251,082
| style="text-align: right;" |
|-
Election of Group Leaders
Daniel Cox (Humbleyard) was re-elected leader of the Conservative Group, Paul Morse (North Walsham East) was elected leader of the Liberal Democratic Group, Richard Bearman (Mancroft) was elected leader of the Green Party group and George Nobbs (Crome) became leader of the Labour Group now down to just 3 members.
Election of Leader of the Council
Daniel Cox the leader of the conservative group was duly re-elected leader of the council and formed a conservative administration.
They would unexpectedly resign in October 2010 and was replaced by their deputy Derrick Murphy (Freebridge Lynn)
Murphy themselves would be forced to resign after a controversy emerged over an email which was sent by a political assistant to the Conservative group at County Hall, to BBC Radio Norfolk in April 2012, which suggested that the leader of West Norfolk Council, Nick Daubney and facing 'a serious leadership challenge' over King's Lynn incinerator, which had been a source of tension between the two Councils.
Their deputy Bill Borrett (Elmham & Mattishall) replaced him.
Graphic version of results
Breckland
Broadland
Great Yarmouth
King's Lynn and West Norfolk
North Norfolk
Norwich
South Norfolk
Results by district
Gains and losses are in comparison to the preceding full election in 2005, unless otherwise stated. Intervening by-elections are noted.
Breckland
Division results
Broadland
Division results
At a by-election held on 14 July 2011, Old Catton was retained by the Conservatives.
Great Yarmouth
Division results
At a by-election on 5 May 2011, Lothingland was retained by the Conservatives.
King's Lynn and West Norfolk
Division results
At a by-election on 27 September 2012, Clenchwarton and King's Lynn South was won by the Labour Party.
North Norfolk
Division results
Norwich
Division results
At a by-election on 24 November 2011, Lakenham was regained by the Labour Party.
South Norfolk
Division results
At a by-election on 13 January 2011, the Conservatives retained Humbleyard.
References
2009 English local elections
2009
2000s in Norfolk
The Hamam Mosque is a cultural heritage monument in Peć, Kosovo.
Built around 1587, the mosque lies near the Haxhi Bey hamam and the oldest Albanian language school in the city. Also known as Bulla Zade Hasan, the mosque saw fires in 1890 and during World War I, but was rebuilt five years after the war. Graves of different ages dot the mosque's courtyard. The original portico had a shadirvan (ablution fountain) to its right. Inside are prayer rooms, a müezzin mahfili (balcony for the call to prayer), a minbar (pulpit for the imam), and an entrance door to the minaret. The minaret is carved from stone and includes 12 corners with an arch on each. The total area of the building is . The porch is a recent addition, and in general the building has been extensively renovated to conform to its surroundings, the last time being a 2001 restoration following its burning during the Kosovo War in 1999.
References
Mosques in Kosovo
Religious buildings and structures in Peja
Live is a live double album of Corneille, that was released in 2005 and reached #9 in the French Albums Chart, staying 35 weeks in the chart.
Track listing
Disc 1
"Redemption Song" (Bob Marley & The Wailers)
"Terre"
"Sans rancune"
"Laissez-nous vivre"
"Toi"
"On regarde"
"Seul au monde"
"Roxanne" (The Police)
"Ça me va"
"Rêves de star"
"Avec classe"
"Va (on se verra)"
"Tout va bien"
"Parce qu'on vient de loin"
Disc 2
"Comme un fils"
"Qu'est-ce que tu te fais?"
"Overjoyed" (Stevie Wonder)
"Sexual Healing / Let's Get It On" (Marvin Gaye)
"Ensemble"
References
2005 live albums
Corneille (singer) live albums
Varuzhan Nersesyan () is an Armenian diplomat who is currently the ambassador of Armenia to the United Kingdom.
Prior to this, they have served as the ambassador to the United States from November 2018 to July 2021. They were appointed an ambassador to the United Kingdom on 16 July 2021.
Education
Global Master of Arts Program, Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Boston, MA, 2007- 2009.
Masters in Public Administration, The Public Administration Academy of the Republic of Armenia, Yerevan, Armenia, 1996–1998.
Master of Arts on International Relations, Diplomacy and International Law, Yerevan State University, Armenia, 1991–1996.
Certificate programs
Vienna Diplomatic Academy, Special Course for Diplomats from NIS Countries, Vienna (1999);
Advanced Course on the Management and Politics of European Integration, British Know How Foundation, Program of Diplomatic Studies, Brussels (1999);
Course on Conventional Arms Control and the OSCE Vienna Document 1999, Stockholm (2004);
International Visitor Leadership Program on Preventive Diplomacy and Conflict Resolution, US Department of State (2005), Washington DC.
Professional experience
July 2021 - Appointed Ambassador of Armenia to the United Kingdom</ref>
November 2018 – Appointed Ambassador of Armenia to the United States of America;
April–November 2018 - Assistant to the Prime-Minister of the Republic of Armenia;
January 2012- April 2018 - Assistant to the President of the Republic of Armenia. Responsible for international affairs and matters related to the National Security Council;
April 2008 - December 2012 - Deputy Chief of Mission at the Embassy of the Republic of Armenia, Washington DC;
July 2006 - March 2008 - Head of the External Relations Department, National Assembly of the Republic of Armenia;
April 2005-July 2006 - Head of the OSCE Division, European Department, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Armenia;
February 2003-March 2005 - Head of the Conventional Arms Control Division, Arms Control and International Security Department, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Armenia;
February 2000-January 2003 - Deputy Head of Mission, Permanent Mission of the Republic of Armenia to the OSCE, Vienna, Austria;
April 1999-January 2000 - OSCE Desk Officer, Department of European Structure. Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Armenia;
February 1998-April 1999 - Third Secretary, OSCE and UN desk Department of International Organizations Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Armenia;
June 1997-January 1998 - Attache Department of Arms Control and International Security, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Armenia.
Diplomatic rank
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary (2018)
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary (2014)
Academic activities
2014-2018 - Visiting Lecturer at the Public Administration Academy of the Republic of Armenia;
Course taught -Foreign Policy and Regional Security Issues of the Republic of Armenia Awards.
Decorated with Medal of "Mkhitar Gosh" by the Decree of the President of the Republic of Armenia on March 1, 2016.
Languages
Armenian (native), English (fluent), Russian (fluent), German (fair).
Personal life
Varuzhan Nersesyan was born on 31 August 1973 in Yerevan, Armenia.  They are married and has three children.
See also
Embassy of Armenia, London
List of ambassadors of Armenia
References
External links
https://www.newsweek.com/america-must-contain-azeri-turkish-aggression-opinion-1571455
https://www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2020-10-08/armenia-azerbaijani-attacks-artsakh-nagorno-karabakh
https://nationalinterest.org/blog/buzz/how-armenia-has-navigated-coronavirus-pandemic%E2%80%94despite-azerbaijan-163602
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2020/10/30/armenians-azerbaijan-clashes-nagorno-karabakh/
https://news.yahoo.com/pompeo-host-armenian-azerbaijani-foreign-154430455.html
https://www.politico.com/news/2020/10/19/mike-pompeo-azerbaijan-armenia-430151
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yVBfvwCF_A&t=1909s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRktdonlyBk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gFUHkX7V4Q
https://mirrorspectator.com/2019/10/08/28th-anniversary-celebration-of-armenian-independence-in-washington-video/
https://asbarez.com/197358/we-are-prepared-to-recognize-artsakh-schiff-tells-armenias-ambassador/
https://www.aravot-en.am/2020/09/18/264601/
https://www.wibw.com/content/news/State-of-Kansas-recognizes-their-partnership-with-Armenia-507744821.html
https://schiff.house.gov/news/press-releases/rep-schiff-statement-on-continuing-azerbaijani-attacks-on-artsakh
https://www.ft.com/content/eccacb7b-c9ad-4cba-87ac-5a8b8324eb90
https://givenews.fiu.edu/2019/01/18/on-30th-anniversary-of-armenian-earthquake-alumnus-and-donor-recognized-by-ambassador-for-service-as-disaster-responder/
https://mirrorspectator.com/2020/03/24/ambassador-nersesyan-in-washington-continues-conducting-diplomacy-despite-coronavirus-constraints/
https://www.defenseone.com/ideas/2021/04/american-support-needed-resolve-pow-crisis-caucasus/173224/
https://mirrorspectator.com/2021/04/06/amb-nersesyan-calls-for-azerbaijan-to-return-armenian-captives-end-destruction-of-monuments-and-negotiate-artsakh-status/
Ambassadors of Armenia to the United States
Ambassadors of Armenia to the United Kingdom
Living people
1973 births
is a taxonomic work by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli, published in Vienna in 1763. As well as describing hundreds of new species, contained observations on the species' biology, including the first published account of queen bees mating outside the hive.
Classification
In contrast to their predecessors Carl Linnaeus and Johan Christian Fabricius, who had used the structure of the insect wing and the structure of the insect mouthparts, respectively, as the main means of classifying arthropods, Scopoli favoured a more holistic approach.
In , Scopoli described 1153 species of "insects" (a term which at that time included many arthropods), divided into seven orders:
Coleoptera (beetles and orthopteroid insects) – species 1–329
Proboscidea (= Hemiptera) – species 330–418
Lepidoptera – species 419–676
Neuroptera – species 677–712
Aculeata (= Hymenoptera) – species 713–838
Halterata (= Diptera) – species 839–1024
Pedestria (various wingless animals, including silverfish, fleas, mites, arachnids, crustaceans and myriapods) – species 1025–1153
Taxa
The animals described in were found in the Duchy of Carniola (also called the ), an area at that time under the control of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Nowadays, it is the western part of Slovenia.
For each species, Scopoli gave references to previously published illustrations and binomial names. Few works using binomial nomenclature had appeared by 1763; those cited by Scopoli include the 10th edition of (1758) and (1761) by Carl Linnaeus, and (1761) by Nikolaus Poda von Neuhaus. More than half of the species listed by Scopoli in were described as new. They include:
15. Scarabæus eremita, now Osmoderma eremita
65. Curculio piger, now Cleonus piger
97. Curculio glaucus, now Phyllobius glaucus
112. Attelabus lilii, now Lilioceris lilii
124. Cantharis fulva, now Rhagonycha fulva
146. Cantharis nobilis, now Oedemera nobilis
199. Buprestis salicina, now Smaragdina salicina
264. Carabus catenulatus
408. Aphis fabae
428. Papilio fagi, now Hipparchia fagi
510. Phalaena fulminea, now Catocala fulminea
525. Phalaena rubiginosa, now Conistra rubiginosa
526. Phalaena clavipalpis, now Paradrina clavipalpis
527. Phalaena deceptoria, now Deltote deceptoria
532. Phalaena nebulata, now Euchoeca nebulata
535. Phalaena fimbrialis, now Thalera fimbrialis
537. Phalaena punctinalis, now Hypomecis punctinalis
540. Phalaena lineata, now Siona lineata
542. Phalaena exanthemata, now Cabera exanthemata
545. Phalaena ornata, now Scopula ornata
546. Phalaena sylvata, now Abraxas sylvata
549. Phalaena glaucata, now Cilix glaucata
551. Phalaena chlorosata, now Petrophora chlorosata
561. Phalaena moeniata, now Scotopteryx moeniata
565. Phalaena aurata, now Pyrausta aurata
567. Phalaena ochrata, now Idaea ochrata
571. Phalaena alpinata, now Glacies alpinata
572. Phalaena murinata, now Minoa murinata
575. Phalaena laevigata, now Idaea laevigata
576. Phalaena inquinata, now Idaea inquinata
577. Phalaena tenebrata, now Panemeria tenebrata
579. Phalaena despicata, now Pyrausta despicata
580. Phalaena nigrata, now Pyrausta nigrata
583. Phalaena podana, now Archips podana
591. Phalaena rufana, now Celypha rufana
595. Phalaena montana, now Macrophya montana
599. Phalaena formosana, now Enarmonia formosana
600. Phalaena rivulana, now Celypha rivulana
607. Phalaena anthracinalis, now Euplocamus anthracinalis
609. Phalaena citrinalis, now Hypercallia citrinalis
610. Phalaena trabealis, now Emmelia trabealis
612. Phalaena lunalis, now Zanclognatha lunalis
614. Phalaena extimalis, now Evergestis extimalis
615. Phalaena sericealis, now Rivula sericealis
616. Phalaena ruralis, now Pleuroptya ruralis
618. Phalaena nemoralis, now Agrotera nemoralis
620. Phalaena perlella, now Crambus perlella
627. Phalaena craterella, now Chrysocrambus craterellus
628. Phalaena chrysonuchella, now Thisanotia chrysonuchella
636. Phalaena palliatella, now Eilema palliatella
638. Phalaena forficella, now Harpella forficella
643. Phalaena mucronella, now Ypsolopha mucronella
649. Phalaena rufimitrella, now Cauchas rufimitrella
654. Phalaena scalella, now Pseudotelphusa scalella
660. Phalaena aruncella, now Micropterix aruncella
661. Phalaena alchimiella, now Caloptilia alchimiella
662. Phalaena aureatella, now Micropterix aureatella
673. Phalaena bipunctidactyla, now Stenoptilia bipunctidactyla
734. Tenthredo ribesii, now Nematus ribesii
819. Apis pascuorum, now Bombus pascuorum
833. Formica vaga, now Camponotus vagus
870. Musca maculata, now Graphomya maculata
876. Musca tuguriorum, now Phaonia tuguriorum
880. Musca angelicae, now Phaonia angelicae
954. Conops pertinax, now Eristalis pertinax
962. Conops cuprea, now Ferdinandea cuprea
967. Conops aeneus, now Eristalinus aeneus
1134. Oniscus muscorum, now Philoscia muscorum
Publication
was published by Johann Thomas von Trattner in Vienna in 1763. Forty-three plates of illustrations were prepared for publication, but were never offered for sale, and few copies of include the plates. They illustrate the species numbered 1–815, with the exception of the genus Aphis (species 396–410).
was published long before the international standardisation of units; to help readers understand their measurements, Scopoli therefore included a printed scale of three Parisian inches, each divided into twelve lines. Their inch was approximately long, making each line approximately .
References
Further reading
External links
Entomologia Carniolica, Internet Archive
Entomologia Carniolica, Google Books
1763 in science
1763 books
Environment of Slovenia
18th-century Latin books
History of science and technology in Slovenia
Beekeeping
18th century in Carniola
Ankazovelo is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Midongy-Atsimo, which is a part of Atsimo-Atsinanana Region. There are 1602 inscribed voters in this commune.
Main town is Ankazovelo but the commune also covers the neighboring villages of:
Ambasohihy
Ampasy
Ankazomanga
Bemahala
Mahazoarivo
Nanatotsikora
Telorano
Voanana
References and notes
Populated places in Atsimo-Atsinanana
Phtheochroa simoniana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Italy, Spain, Portugal and Morocco.
The wingspan is 16–18 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from February to March.
References
Moths described in 1859
Phtheochroa
Orla Guerin MBE (; born 15 May 1966) is an Irish journalist.  They are a correspondent working for BBC News.
Early life and career
Guerin was born in Dublin and attended a convent school. A journalism graduate from Dublin Institute of Technology (DIT), they qualified in 1985 with a Certificate in Journalism from the College of Commerce in Dublin. They also hold a master's degree in Film Studies from University College Dublin (UCD).
Guerin began their career working for newspapers in Dublin such as the Sunday Tribune before joining RTÉ News in 1987 and becoming its youngest foreign correspondent when they were sent to Eastern Europe at the age of 23 in 1990. They remained at RTÉ until 1994, additionally reporting from central Europe, the former Soviet Union, Yugoslavia and Sarajevo. Guerin's reports from eastern Europe for RTÉ Radio won them a Jacob's Award in 1992.
They left RTÉ to run as an Irish Labour Party candidate in the 1994 European Parliament elections. A political novice, Guerin had been hand-picked by then Labour Party leader Dick Spring. Even though they were not selected at the party convention, Spring insisted that they be added to the ballot. They did not win a seat, polling seventh of 15 candidates with 6% of the vote.
BBC career
Guerin joined the BBC in 1995. They were based in Los Angeles from January 1996 and became the corporation's Southern Europe correspondent in July 1996 and was based in Rome until June 2000. During this period, Guerin reported from Kosovo, the Republic of Macedonia and the Basque Country in northern Spain. In the second half of 2000, Guerin was based in Moscow, and covered the Kursk submarine disaster in 2000.
Regularly reporting from war zones, in 2002 Guerin told Evening Standard contributor Quentin Letts about having to wear appropriate clothing:
Guerin was appointed the BBC's Jerusalem correspondent in January 2001. At the beginning of April 2002, the BBC made an official complaint to the Israeli government after Israeli soldiers fired in the direction of Guerin and their team, forcing them to find cover, while they were recording a peaceful demonstration in Bethlehem in the West Bank. Almost two years later, the Israeli government wrote to the BBC accusing them of a "deep-seated bias against Israel" in a report on a teenage would-be suicide bomber. The BBC defended Guerin's reporting. Caroline Hawley succeeded them as the BBC's correspondent in Jerusalem. In December 2005, the BBC told Broadcast magazine that Guerin had spent two years longer in the Jerusalem posting than the normal three-year rotation usual for its correspondents. Former Director General of the BBC Greg Dyke wrote: "I have no doubt that the decision by the BBC to pull their Middle East correspondent Orla Guerin out of the region and send them to South Africa was part of the normal rotation of BBC news correspondents around the world. However, it was pretty bad timing to announce it within days of Director General Mark Thompson's visit to Israel where they had a meeting with the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon". They became the BBC's Africa correspondent, based in Johannesburg, in January 2006. After this, Guerin was the BBC's correspondent based in Islamabad, Pakistan.
In October 2015, former BBC chairperson Lord Grade wrote to James Harding, the Head of BBC News, criticising Guerin's Middle East reporting. In the letter, which was published in The Jewish Chronicle, Grade faulted their reporting for assuming "equivalence" between Israel and the Palestinians. According to Grade: "it was improper of the correspondent to claim that 'there's no sign of involvement by militant groups', before immediately showing footage of Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) banners at the home of a 19-year-old terrorist who carried out a deadly knife attack at Lion's Gate in Jerusalem on October 3".
On 23 February 2018, Guerin published an investigative report titled "The shadow over Egypt", where they reported the alleged forced disappearance of Egyptian Nationals, including a young female called Zubeida, whose mother claimed was kidnapped by security forces in April 2017. On 26 February 2018 a live interview was broadcast on Egyptian ON TV network, where Zubeida and their husband were interviewed by Amr Adib, a prominent pro-regime reporter. The interview revealed that Zubeida had been estranged from their mother since April 2017, got married and had just had a baby just two weeks prior to the BBC report. However, on 27 February 2018, Zubeida's mother stated in a live phone-in interview with the Istanbul-based opposition Mekameleen TV station that they stood with all their previous claims and implied that Zubeida was under duress to perform the interview. On 28 February 2018, reports emerged that Zubeida's mother was arrested by the Egyptian security forces.
In 2019, Guerin was the BBC correspondent in Caracas, the Venezuelan capital, during the 2019 Venezuelan presidential crisis and protests.
In January 2020, Guerin's reporting from the Yad Vashem Center in Jerusalem on the 75th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz caused controversy, being criticised for appearing to link the Israeli–Palestinian conflict to the Holocaust. Over footage of Israeli troops visiting the center, they said, "The state of Israel is now a regional power. For decades, it has occupied Palestinian territories. But some here will always see their nation through the prism of persecution and survival." They were accused of antisemitism, and of inserting their personal bias against Israel into the Holocaust Memorial ceremony, without relevance to what the report was about. The Campaign Against Antisemitism made a complaint to the BBC and threatened to make a report to Ofcom.
 They are currently based in Kyiv, Ukraine where they are reporting on the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Honours and awards
In 2002 Guerin won the Broadcaster of the Year award from the London Press Club. In 2003 they were awarded the News and Factual Award by Women in Film and Television UK.
They were awarded an MBE (Honorary) for services to broadcasting in 2005.
Honorary degrees
In 2002, they were awarded an honorary degree from the University of Essex,. In 2009, they were awarded honorary degrees from both of Northern Ireland's universities, Queen's University Belfast and the University of Ulster. In 2014 they were awarded an honorary degree by the University of Bradford. In November 2019, Guerin was awarded an honorary degree by NUI Galway.
Personal life
Guerin married Reuters correspondent Michael Georgy in 2003.
References
1966 births
20th-century Irish women writers
21st-century Irish women writers
Living people
Alumni of Dublin Institute of Technology
Alumni of University College Dublin
BBC newsreaders and journalists
Irish television journalists
Irish war correspondents
Irish women journalists
Jacob's Award winners
Labour Party (Ireland) politicians
Journalists from Dublin (city)
RTÉ newsreaders and journalists
Honorary Members of the Order of the British Empire
Irish expatriates in the United Kingdom
Irish expatriates in Pakistan
Irish expatriates in Egypt
Women radio presenters
The "DC Explosion" and "DC Implosion" were two events in 1978 – the first an official marketing campaign, the second a sardonic reference to it – in which DC Comics expanded their roster of publications, then abruptly cut it back. The DC Explosion was part of an ongoing initiative at DC to regain market share by increasing the number of titles they published, while also increasing page counts and cover prices. The so-called "DC Implosion" was the result of the publisher experiencing losses that year due to a confluence of factors, and cancelling a large number of ongoing and planned series in response. The cancellations included long-running series such as Our Fighting Forces, Showcase, and House of Secrets; new series introduced as part of the expansion such as Firestorm and Steel: The Indestructible Man; and announced series such as The Vixen which would have been the company's first title starring an African-American woman. Former flagship series Detective Comics was also considered for cancellation. Some of the material already produced for these cancelled series was used in other publications. Several of the completed stories were "published" in small quantities as two issues of Cancelled Comics Cavalcade, whose title was a reference to DC's Golden-Age Comic Cavalcade series.
History
The DC Explosion was a 1978 marketing campaign in which DC touted its increasing number of titles in the previous few years and increased story pages in all of its titles, accompanied by higher cover prices. The Explosion campaign itself lasted three months from its debut in comics cover-dated June 1978 until the revamp in comics cover-dated September 1978. The actual implosion at the company then followed with cancellations and a reduction in the number of titles.
Since the early 1970s, DC had seen its dominance of the market overtaken by Marvel Comics, partly because Marvel had significantly increased the number of titles that it published (both original material and reprint books). In large part, the DC Explosion was a plan to overtake Marvel by using its own strategy. DC's expansion actually began in earnest in 1975, when the company debuted 12 titles in the spring and summer, followed by 4 more titles by the end of the year. DC added 14 titles in 1976 and 4 more in 1977.
However, DC experienced ongoing poor sales from the winter of 1977 to the winter of 1978. This has been attributed in part to the North American blizzards in 1977 and 1978, which both disrupted distribution and curtailed consumer purchases. Furthermore, the effects of ongoing economic inflation, recession, and increased paper and printing costs, led to declines in both the profitability of the entire comic book industry and the number of readers. In response, company executives ordered that titles with marginal sales and several new series that were still in development be cancelled. During these meetings, it was decided that DC's long-running flagship title Detective Comics was to be terminated with #480 — until the decision was overturned following strenuous arguments on behalf of saving the title within the DC office, and Detective was instead merged with the better-selling Batman Family.
On June 22, 1978, DC Comics announced staff layoffs and the cancellation of approximately 40% of its line. Editors Al Milgrom and Larry Hama were two of the employees laid off.
Cancelled titles
As a result of the Implosion, 17 series were cancelled abruptly. Fourteen other titles were cancelled in 1978, for the most part "planned" cancellations announced in DC promos and in the final issues of the comics themselves. The following titles were cancelled due to the Implosion, with the following as their final issue:
All Star Comics #74 (Sept. cover date) — issue #75 later published in Adventure Comics #461 (Jan.–Feb. 1979) and 462 (March 1979); the feature continued there until #466
Army at War #1 (Nov.) — war title
Batman Family #20 (Nov.) — merged into Detective Comics as of issue #481 (Dec. 1978–Jan. 1979)
Battle Classics #1 (Sept.) — reprint title
Black Lightning #11 (Sept.) — issue #12 later published in World's Finest Comics #260 (Dec. 1979–Jan. 1980)
Claw the Unconquered #12 (Aug.–Sept.)
Doorway To Nightmare #5 (Sept.) — merged into The Unexpected
Dynamic Classics #1 (Sept.) — reprint title
Firestorm #5 (Oct.) — issue #6 reworked into The Flash #294–296 (February–April 1981); the story was published in the trade paperback Firestorm: The Nuclear Man (2011)
House of Secrets #154 (Oct.–Nov.) — merged into The Unexpected
Kamandi: The Last Boy on Earth #59 (Sept.–Oct.) — the "OMAC" back-up stories by Jim Starlin appeared in The Warlord #37–39 (Sept.–Nov. 1980)
Our Fighting Forces #181 (Sept.–Oct.)
Secrets of Haunted House #14 (Oct.–Nov.) — revived a year later with issue #15 (August 1979); the title continued until issue #46 (March 1982)
Showcase #104 (Sept.) — the Deadman story for #105 appeared in Adventure Comics #464 and the Creeper story for #106 appeared in The Creeper by Steve Ditko (2010)
Star Hunters #7 (Oct.–Nov.) - a planned Adam Strange back-up story later appeared in World's Finest #262
Steel: The Indestructible Man #5 (Oct.–Nov.) — #6 story reworked for All-Star Squadron #8–9 (April–May 1982)
The Witching Hour #85 (Oct.) — merged into The Unexpected
1978 cancellations unrelated to the DC Implosion
Aquaman #63 (Aug.–Sept. cover date) — cancellation announced in March 1978. Aquaman story from #64 was published in Adventure Comics #460 (November 1978)
Challengers of the Unknown #87 (June–July)
DC Super Stars #18 (Jan.–Feb.)
Freedom Fighters #15 (July–Aug.) — cancelled a few months before the Implosion to make room for other titles in the DC Explosion; storyline was to be concluded in issues #16-18 of Secret Society of Super Villains, which was itself cancelled (see below)
Karate Kid #15 (July–Aug.) — cancelled a few months before the Implosion to make room for other titles in the DC Explosion; final story published
Metal Men #56 (February–March) — storyline concluded with the Metal Men being recognized by the United Nations as citizens of the world and not property
Mister Miracle #25 (Sept.) - cancellation announced March 1978.
Return of the New Gods #19 (July–Aug.) — feature concluded in Adventure Comics #459-460
Secret Society of Super Villains #15 (June–July) — cancellation announced March 1978. The characters next appeared in Justice League of America #166–168 (May–July 1979), which picked up where issue #15 left off. The stories from Secret Society of Super Villains #16 and 17 were finally published in Secret Society of Super Villains Vol. 2 (2012)
Shade, the Changing Man #8 (Aug.–Sept.) — cancellation announced March 1978. The "Odd Man" story by Steve Ditko appeared in Detective Comics #487. Both the Shade and Odd Man stories were published in The Steve Ditko Omnibus Vol. 1 (2011)
Shazam! #35 (May–June) — merged into World's Finest Comics with #253
Super-Team Family #15 (Mar.–Apr.) – #16 (Supergirl and the Doom Patrol team-up story published in The Superman Family #191–193)
Teen Titans #53 (Feb.)
Welcome Back, Kotter #10 (Mar.–Apr.) – final story published in Limited Collectors' Edition #C-57
Cancelled Comic Cavalcade
About 30 titles were affected. Much of the unpublished work saw print in Cancelled Comic Cavalcade, a summer 1978 two-issue ashcan "series" which "published" the work in limited quantity solely to establish the company's copyright. The title was a play on DC's 1940s series Comic Cavalcade. Some of the material already produced for the cancelled publications was later used in other series. The two volumes, composed of some of these stories along with earlier inventoried stories, were printed by DC staff members in black-and-white on the office photocopier. A total of 35 copies of each volume were produced, and distributed to the creators of the material, the U.S. copyright office and the Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide as proof of their existence. Considered a valued collectible, a set of both issues was valued as high as $3,680 in the 2011–2012 edition of the Comic Book Price Guide.
The contents ranged from completed stories to incomplete artwork. The covers featured new illustrations; the first one showed the cancelled books' heroes lying either unconscious or dead on the ground, the second showed the cancelled heroes being kicked out of an office by a bespectacled man in a suit. The first issue carried a cover price of 10 cents, while the second carried a cover price of $1.00, but the publications were never actually offered for sale.
Cancelled Comic Cavalcade contained the following material:
Issue #1
Black Lightning #12 (later printed in World's Finest Comics #260), cover to #13
Claw the Unconquered #13-14
The Deserter #1
Doorway to Nightmare #6 (later printed in The Unexpected)
Firestorm #6 (later adapted as back-up stories in The Flash #294-296 (February-April 1981), original version published in the Firestorm: The Nuclear Man trade paperback in 2011)
Green Team: Boy Millionaires #1-2 (were to have followed a try-out in 1st Issue Special #2)
Issue #2
Kamandi #60-61 ("OMAC" back-ups would appear in The Warlord #37–39 (September–November 1980), while the Kamandi stories were published in Kamandi Challenge Special in 2017)
Prez #5 (later published in the 2016 trade paperback Prez: The First Teen President)
Shade, the Changing Man #9 ("The Odd Man" story would appear in Detective Comics #487 (December 1979–January 1980))
Showcase #105 featuring Deadman (later printed in a slightly edited form in Adventure Comics #464) and #106 featuring the Creeper
Secret Society of Super Villains #16-17 (later published in Secret Society of Super Villains Vol. 2)
Steel #6 (later reprinted with edits in All-Star Squadron #8–9 (April–May 1982))
The Vixen #1
covers for Army at War #2, Battle Classics #3, Demand Classics #1-2, Dynamic Classics #2, Mister Miracle #26, Ragman #6, Weird Mystery Tales #25-26, Western Classics #1-2
Unpublished titles
Among the new series planned, but never published:
Bucky O'Hare, a Larry Hama creation which was eventually published by Continuity Comics in 1984
Demand Classics (reprint series) with "Flash of Two Worlds" planned for #1
The Deserter (a Western created by Gerry Conway with pencils by Dick Ayers and inks by Romeo Tanghal)
Ms. Mystic, a Neal Adams/Michael Netzer character later published by Pacific Comics and Continuity Comics
Sorcerer, a David Michelinie/Bob Layton character later used as the basis for the Deathmask series published by Future Comics in 2003
Starslayer, a Mike Grell creation later published by Pacific Comics and First Comics
The Vixen would have been the first comic book series starring an African-American superhero; the character later made their first appearance in Action Comics #521 (July 1981). A back-up feature with the Harlequin II (Duela Dent) would have begun with #2
Western Classics (reprint series)
Secondary features were planned, but the titles in which three were to appear were cancelled before the stories were published; the reasons why the two that were planned for Adventure Comics were left unreleased are unknown:
"Manhunter from Mars" in Aquaman
Pages from the first story exist. The story was written by Cary Burkett with pencils by John Fuller and inks by Bob Layton
"Vigilante" in Aquaman
"Captain Comet" in Secret Society of Super Villains
"Metal Men" in Adventure Comics
"The Man from Neverwhere", a creation of writer Roger McKenzie for Adventure Comics, "some sort of elvish/magical/time-travel superhero mishmosh of a concept"
"Adam Strange" in Star Hunters. Story published in World's Finest Comics #263 (June/July 1980)
See also
List of comics solicited but never published
References
External links
Cancelled Comic Cavalcade at Mike's Amazing World of Comics
1978 comics endings
1978 in comics
1978 in the United States
Bronze Age of Comic Books
Comics by Dennis O'Neil
Comics by Gerry Conway
Comics by Jim Starlin
Comics by Len Wein
Comics by Michael Fleisher
Comics by Steve Ditko
Implosion, DC
Defunct American comics
The long-billed woodcreeper (Nasica longirostris) is a species of bird in the subfamily Dendrocolaptinae of the woodcreepers. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Nasica.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in the Amazon Basin of Brazil, and Amazonian Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia; also the middle and upper Orinoco River Basin of Venezuela. It is also found in most of Guianan French Guiana bordering the northeast Amazon Basin and Brazilian state Amapá.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical swamps.
References
External links
Long-billed woodcreeper videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Long-billed woodcreeper photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res; Article tropicalbirding
long-billed woodcreeper
Birds of the Amazon Basin
long-billed woodcreeper
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Terminal Hotel was a hotel in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. Built by Samuel M. Inman in 1906, the hotel was located at the intersection of Spring Street and Mitchell Street in the Hotel Row district of downtown. It suffered two major fires during its existence, the latter of which completely destroying the building.
History
With the opening of Terminal Station in downtown Atlanta in 1905, the area known as Hotel Row was developed with several hotels intended to serve passengers from the station. Terminal Hotel was built in 1906 by Samuel M. Inman and located directly across from the station, at the intersection of Spring Street and Mitchell Street. The five-story building had cost Inman $75,000 to build. The hotel officially opened in November of that year.
Fires
Terminal Hotel experienced several major fires during its existence. The first occurred shortly after the building's construction on May 8, 1908, when a fire spread throughout the district and destroyed 30 buildings. Though without casualties, it is estimated that the fire cost approximately $1 million in property damage, including $400,000 of losses by Inman.
Thirty years later, on May 16, 1938, another fire broke out in the building. During the fire, the hotel's roof collapsed. This one was more severe than the previous one, leading to the deaths of 34 people in what was at the time the worst hotel fire in Atlanta history. In the aftermath, the hotel was completely destroyed and was not rebuilt.
See also
Hotels in Atlanta
Winecoff Hotel fire
References
External links
Hotel buildings completed in 1906
Burned hotels in the United States
1938 disestablishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
1906 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Hotels disestablished in 1938
Hotels in Atlanta
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Oliveira () is a diocese located in the city of Oliveira in the Ecclesiastical province of Belo Horizonte in Brazil.
History
December 20, 1941: Established as Diocese of Oliveira from the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Belo Horizonte
Bishops
Bishops of Oliveira (Roman rite)
Bishop Miguel Ângelo Freitas Ribeiro (2007.10.31 – present)
Bishop Jésus Rocha (2004.10.20 – 2006.07.13)
Bishop Francisco Barroso Filho (1983.12.21 – 2004.10.20)
Bishop Antônio Carlos Mesquita (1977.03.06 – 1983.12.16)
Bishop José de Medeiros Leite (1945.08.14 – 1977.03.06)
Coadjutor bishop
Antônio Carlos Mesquita (1974-1977)
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Brazil
Christian organizations established in 1941
Oliveira, Roman Catholic Diocese of
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Inuit navigation techniques are those navigation skills used for thousands of years by the Inuit, a group of culturally similar indigenous peoples who inhabit the Arctic and subarctic regions of Greenland, Canada, and Alaska (United States). On the tundra, Inuit hunters would travel for long distances when hunting for game, and on the coastal waters, hunters would travel out of the sight of land, and they would need to orientate themselves to the location of favoured fishing or hunting places, or on the return journey to their dwelling place.
The Inuit relied on a large body of knowledge from oral tradition to navigate across tundra, sea ice, and open sea, that presented, to those not familiar with the knowledge, as indistinguishable and seemingly monotonous landscapes, and also rapidly changing seascapes, with few navigation points of reference during a blizzard or white-out and when out of sight of islands, coastal landmarks, or features on the horizon.
Inuit hunters orient themselves on the land through their understanding of prevailing winds and the patterns resulting in snowdrifts and an understanding of caribou, fish and bird migration behaviour, and astronomical observation. The Inuit languages allowed them to describe nuanced differences in snow and the patterns resulting from the effect of the prevailing wind on snowdrifts and ice formations.
The Inuit possessed a comprehensive native system of toponymy to name any geographical feature. Where natural landmarks were insufficient, the Inuit would erect an inuksuk (inukshuk or rock cairn).
The latitude of the Arctic environment results in long periods of sunlight during summer, and cold, dark, snow-covered winter conditions, with the surface of the Arctic Ocean freezing. A definition of the Arctic region, describes it as the area north of the Arctic Circle (about 66° 34'N), the approximate southern limit of the midnight sun and polar night. The number of days per year with midnight sun (or polar night) increasing the closer one goes towards the geographical North Pole.
Celestial navigation
Celestial navigation is available to Inuit travellers, although the time that navigation technique is available is limited by the variability of night-time through the year and other factors. Cloudy and blizzard conditions and the light of the aurora borealis limit its use. Snow that was kept airborne by the wind, created a type of fog. Even if the night sky was free of clouds or snow fog, the moonlight shining on the ice and snow, and reflecting into the sky, could obscure the view of the stars.
Navigation on sea ice
The Inuit languages described the prevailing winds of the place or region and also the sea ice conditions that could result from the winds, tides and currents. Inuit travellers could orientate themselves, and give directions to others, to describing sea-ice conditions that were known to recur at the same locations each year: such as, ice dunes and pressure ridges, an ice build-up, polynyas, areas of open water surrounded by sea ice, caused by the prevailing wind or marine currents, and ice cracks or leads opening in the drift ice zone.
The areas of open water resulting from polynyas, ice cracks and leads could be identified on the horizon as resulting in a blue reflection of the water on the sky that was different to the background colour of the sky.
Navigation on land
The prevailing wind is the most reliable source of spatial orientation for Inuit travellers because of the prevailing wind would cause consistent shapes and patterns in the snowdrifts, including sastrugi, which the Inuit call kalutoqaniq. These distinctive shapes and patterns would be features on the snowscape, which would indicate the direction of the prevailing wind. Inuit travellers to set their bearings using these distinctive shapes and patterns in the snowdrifts while travelling across the flat tundra, or when a blizzard or other weather conditions or darkness obscured other features or landmarks.
The Inuit would erect inuksuk (rock cairns), with various designs meeting different purposes, such as the grave of an angakkuq, or to funnel caribou to assist in hunting, which would also act as navigational indicators.
Transport
In summer the Inuit hunted sea animals from single-passenger, covered seal-skin boats called qajaq (Inuktitut syllabics: ᖃᔭᖅ) which were extraordinarily buoyant, and could easily be righted by a seated person, even if completely overturned. Because of this property, the design was copied by Europeans and Americans who still produce them under the English name kayak.
Inuit also made umiaq (known in some areas as a "woman's boat"), larger open boats made of wood frames covered with animal skins, for transporting people, goods, and dogs. They were long and had a flat bottom so that the boats could come close to shore.
In winter, both on land and on sea ice, the Inuit used dog sleds (qamutik) for transportation. The husky dog breed comes from the Siberian Husky. The current evidence infers that their ancestors were domesticated in Siberia 23,000 years ago by ancient North Siberians, then later dispersed eastward into the Americas and westward across Eurasia. A team of dogs in either a tandem/side-by-side or fan formation would pull a sled made of wood, animal bones, or the baleen from a whale's mouth and even frozen fish, over the snow and ice.
Map making
Inuit navigators understood the concept of maps and could construct a relief map from sand, sticks, and pebbles to give directions to others. Maps were also drawn on skins using plant dyes. For example, the bark of the alder tree provided a red-brown shade, and spruce produced red, and berries, lichen, moss and algae also provided colours.
Greenlandic Inuit created Ammassalik wooden maps, which are carved portable maps made from driftwood that represent the coastline.
Sources
See also
Polynesian navigation
Micronesian navigation
Navigation
History of navigation
Prehistoric migrations
Cartography by country
Traditional knowledge
Navigation
Indigenous peoples in Atlantic Canada
Indigenous peoples in Northern Canada
Indigenous peoples of North America
History of indigenous peoples of North America
Hunter-gatherers of the Arctic
Hunter-gatherers of Canada
Hunter-gatherers of the United States
Indigenous peoples in the Arctic
Ethnic groups in Canada
Before the Dawn was a concert residency by the English singer-songwriter Kate Bush in 2014 at the Hammersmith Apollo in London. The residency consisted of 22 dates; it was Bush's first series of live shows since The Tour of Life 1979, which finished with three performances at the same venue. A live recording of the same name was released in physical and digital formats in November 2016.
On 21 March 2014, Bush announced via their website their plans to perform live. Pre-sale tickets were on sale for fans who had signed up to their website and an additional seven dates were added to the original 15, due to the high demand. Tickets were on sale to the general public on 28 March and were sold out within 15 minutes.
With the program, Bush won the Editor's Award at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards; and was subsequently nominated for two Q Awards in 2014: Best Act in the World Today and Best Live Act.
Overview
Before the Dawn was presented as a multi-media performance involving standard rock music performance, dancers, puppets, shadows, maskwork, conceptual staging, 3D animation and an illusionist. Bush spent three days in a flotation tank for filmed scenes that were played during the performance, and featured dialogue written by novelist David Mitchell. Also involved with the production were Adrian Noble, former artistic director and chief executive of the Royal Shakespeare Company, costume designer Brigitte Reiffenstuel, lighting designer Mark Henderson and Italian Shadows Theatre company Controluce Teatro d'Ombre. The illusionist was Paul Kieve, the puppeteer Basil Twist, the movement director Sian Williams and the designer Dick Bird. The video and projection design was by Jon Driscoll.
The performance was centred on a band featuring the following musicians:
Kate Bush – vocals (plus occasional piano/keyboards)
David Rhodes – guitar
Friðrik Karlsson – guitar, bouzouki, charango
John Giblin – bass guitar, double bass
Jon Carin – keyboards, guitar, vocals, programming
Kevin McAlea – keyboards, accordion, uilleann pipes
Omar Hakim – drums
Mino Cinélu – percussion
and the following actors:
Albert McIntosh – chorus, Son, Painter
Jo Servi – chorus, Witchfinder
Bob Harms – chorus, Dad
Sandra Marvin – chorus
Jacqui DuBois – chorus
Ben Thompson – Lord of the Waves, Tesoro
Stuart Angell – Lord of the Waves, Painter's Apprentice
Christian Jenner – Blackbird Spirit
Sean Myatt, Richard Booth, Emily Cooper, Lane Paul Stewart, Charlotte Williams – Supporting actors
Bush's son, Albert McIntosh, who performed in the show as a backing vocalist and actor, was also credited as creative advisor. Keyboard player Kevin McAlea is notable for also having played on Bush's previous tour "The Tour of Life" in 1979.
Parts of the show told stories based on two Bush song-suites – "The Ninth Wave" from Hounds of Love and "A Sky of Honey" from Aerial.
During "The Ninth Wave", Bush's character is lost at sea after their ship, the Celtic Deep, sinks. They fade in and out of consciousness, sometimes underwater and sometimes above, hoping to be rescued with only a flickering red light to make them seen in the darkness. They have an almost out-of-body experience, observing themselves as though under ice, seeing their family without her, and imagining entering earth's atmosphere until they are found; survival has given them a new appreciation of love and life. Then, in "A Sky of Honey", Bush portrays a bird-like woman observing the actions of a 19th-century painter and a wooden puppet.
Reception
The news of the residency prompted a surge of interest in Bush, with a number of music websites, radio stations and newspapers running the story, as well as causing Bush's own website to crash due to the high web traffic. Bush was said to be "completely overwhelmed by the response to the shows", adding they were "looking forward to seeing you all later this year". In the week before the show's debut, The New York Times ran an article documenting Bush fans who were traveling from around the world to attend the show.
The show received widespread critical acclaim. The Evening Standard gave the opening show five stars out of five, commenting: "[an] extraordinary mix of magical ideas, stunning visuals, attention to detail and remarkable music ... they were so obviously, so unambiguously brilliant, made last night something to tell the grandchildren about." Alexis Petridis of The Guardian gave the show five stars out of five, calling the show "another remarkable achievement". Following the first week of performances, eight of Bush's albums charted within the UK Top 40, making them the first female artist in history to ever achieve this, with The Whole Story at number six and Hounds of Love at number nine being the highest charting.
Credits
Production credits
Before the Dawn – written by Kate Bush
Directed by – Kate Bush, Adrian Noble
Creative advisor – Albert McIntosh
Lighting designer – Mark Henderson
Set designer – Dick Bird
Projection designer – Jon Driscoll for Cinelumina
Creative consultant – Robert Allsopp
Costume designer – Brigitte Reiffenstuel
Movement direction – Sian Williams
Oceanic wave design – Basil Twist
Illusionist – Paul Kieve
Tour management
Tour director - David Taraskevics (David T)
Production director - Keely Myers
Assistant to tour director - George Sinclair
Show production
Production manager - Simon Marlow
Production coordinator - Georgie King
Technical stage manager – Richard "Wez" Wearing
Stage manager - Dan Shipton
Show caller - Sharon Hobden
Head of wardrobe - Natasha DeSampayo
Wardrobe assistant - Kerry Harris
Production runner - Dom Dryburgh
Sound credits
Sound designer / FOH engineer – Greg Walsh
Monitor engineer – Ian Newton
Kate vocal navigator – Stephen W. Tayler
FOH sound engineer / systems engineer – Davide Lombardi
Stage tech – Baz Tymms
Surround systems engineer – Davey Williamson
Sounds FX consultant – James Drew
Record archive – Ian Sylvester
Record supervisor – Jim Jones
Backline credits
Guitar and bass technician – Chris Lawson
Keyboard (and guitar) technician – Morten "Turbo" Thobro
Drums and percussion technician – Steve Gray
Set list
The set list comprised most Hounds of Love featuring the entire The Ninth Wave suite, most Aerial including the entire A Sky of Honey suite, two songs from The Red Shoes, and one song from 50 Words for Snow. Bush's first four albums and The Sensual World were excluded from the set list, though a recording of "Never Be Mine" (supposedly from initial rehearsals) is included on the CD and LP releases.
All tracks were performed live for the first time, except "Running Up That Hill", which had been already performed live in 1987 with David Gilmour of Pink Floyd at the Secret Policeman's Third Ball.
Act One
"Lily"
"Hounds of Love"
"Joanni"
"Top of the City"
"Running Up That Hill (A Deal with God) (Extended)
"King of the Mountain" (Extended)
The Ninth Wave
Video Interlude – "And Dream of Sheep"
"Under Ice"
"Waking the Witch"
"Watching You Without Me"
"Jig of Life"
"Hello Earth"
"The Morning Fog"
Act TwoA Sky of Honey
"Prelude"
"Prologue" (extended)
"An Architect's Dream"
"The Painter's Link"
"Sunset"
"Aerial Tal"
"Somewhere in Between" (extended)
"Tawny Moon" (performed by Albert McIntosh)
"Nocturn" (extended)
"Aerial"
Encore
"Among Angels"
"Cloudbusting"
Show dates
References
Kate Bush concert tours
2014 concert residencies
2014 in British music
2014 in London
Cascade Mountain is a mountain located in the Bow River Valley of Banff National Park, adjacent to the town of Banff. The mountain was named in 1858 by James Hector after the waterfall or cascade on the southern flanks of the peak. The mountain has also been called Stoney Chief, which is related to the name of the smaller neighbouring mountain Stoney Squaw, which is still in use. Cascade is the highest mountain adjacent to the townsite.
Climbing routes
The mountain can be climbed starting from the Norquay Ski Area base. The first portion is a fairly moderate hike, up to the Cascade Amphitheatre. Continuing upwards, the route ascends along the ridge edge until it reaches the crest where it dips before it rises to the false summit. While the false summit can be descended at its end, it is much easier to follow a trail around the western side along the exposed foot. Snow typically blocks this route almost until mid July and attempting it while snowy can entail considerable avalanche risk due to the slabby terrain and exposure. A long window of clear weather - full day - should be anticipated before attempting this climb, as many climbers have gotten into trouble and needed rescue (or died) when a storm suddenly blows in. The ascent normally takes 3 to 4 hours, while the descent along the same path takes 2 to 3 hours if all goes well, and 5 to 10 minutes if not.
Looking at Cascade Mountain from Banff avenue, the ridge on the right (above the old Buffalo paddock) is the SW ridge. It was first climbed in 1977 by the late Jean Pierre Cadot and René Boisselle. In early 1900, MacCarthy (first ascent of Mt Logan in Yukon) mentioned that Cascade Mt seems to offer good rock on the SW ridge. The route starts between the two obvious buttress and gains the crest of the ridge after a few rope pitches. The upper and very steep buttress is climbed via a chimney on the left side. The entire route is 5.6 or 5.7 grade III.
References
Mountains of Banff National Park
Two-thousanders of Alberta
Alberta's Rockies
Wesendorf is a municipality in the district of Gifhorn, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 12 km north of Gifhorn.
Wesendorf is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde Wesendorf ("collective municipality"). The municipality consists of the following villages:
Wesendorf
Westerholz
References
Gifhorn (district)
Cerne may refer to:
People
Joe Cerne (born 1942), U.S. American football player
Rudi Cerne (born 1958), German figure skater and TV presenter
Teja Černe (born 1984), Slovenian sailor
Places
Czech Republic
Černé Voděrady, Czech Republic; a village
Černé Budy, Czech Republic; (), a town
Újezd u Černé Hory, Czech Republic; (), a village
Černé jezero, Czech Republic; (), a lake
United Kingdom
Nether Cerne, a village in Dorset, England, UK
Cerne Abbas, a village in Dorset, England, UK
Cerne Abbey, former abbey in the village
Cerne Abbas Giant, a geoglyph
Up Cerne, a village in Dorset, England, UK
Lingfield Cernes (SSSI) the Cernes of Lingfield, Surrey, England, UK
River Cerne, a river in Dorset, England, UK
Ireland
Cerne, a place in Meath, Ireland, with mythological and early medieval associations.
Other uses
Oraesia cerne (O. cerne), a species of moth
Cerne Skalicke, a variety of grape
Book of Cerne, an Old English prayerbook
See also
Cerne, Totcombe and Modbury A Hundred, Dorset, England, UK
Draycot Cerne, a village in Wiltshire, England, UK
Cern (disambiguation)
Sern (disambiguation)
Kerne (disambiguation)
Slovene-language surnames
The 2019 Burundi landslides were a series of rapidly occurring natural disasters in 2019. On December 4, 2019, less than two months after the October celebration of the International Day for Disaster Reduction (IDDR), heavy rains precipitated the deadly series of landslides that followed later that night into the next day, affecting a total of 9,935 people in Nyempundu, Gikomero and Rukombe of the northwestern provinces of Cibitoke, bordering Rwanda, and Bubanza as well as the northeastern province of Cankuzo. At least 27 people died and 10 remained missing as of the December 11 human toll. 7 injured persons were admitted into Cibitoke referral hospital, 6 of whom were discharged, and the seventh was transferred to the Kigobe hospital, managed by Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Borders-Burundi (MSF-B). Significant property damage was incurred as well, leaving 1,081 people (551 females and 530 males) of 206 households (on average, roughly 5 persons per household) displaced.
Another flood event happened on December 22 affecting 787 people in the northern neighborhoods in Bujumbura. As per the Burundi Red Cross Society (BRCS) Rapid Assessment, the December 22 floods disaster affected 219 households, completely destroyed 47 households, partially destroyed 40 households and submerged 132 households. 33 people were reported injured and 14 people dead.
Background
Since January 2019, heavy rainfall triggered flash floods, mudslides and landslides in various provinces, especially Bujumbura (Mairie and Rural), Cibitoke, Bubanza, Muyinga, Cankuzo, and Muramvya provinces. Resultingly, almost 13,000 people were displaced, and 45 people died. Furthermore, these natural disasters caused extensive damage to local infrastructure systems, and hampered access to essential sources of food, water, education and healthcare. This is also brought a heightened risk of the transmission of infectious disease due to the resulting proliferation of mosquitoes as vectors.
As of September 2019, there were 103,412 Internally displaced persons (IDPs) in Burundi, of which roughly 79,600 or 77% were displaced due to natural disasters (including over 8,400 displaced since January 2019), mainly in the regions bordering Lake Tanganyika, and the north-western and central provinces, according to the International Organization for Migration's (IOM) Displacement Tracking Matrix.
According to the European Union's Directorate-General for European Civil-protection and Humanitarian-aid Operations (DG ECHO) the risk of natural disaster continued to increase day-by-day with the early onset of the Burundian September 2019 rainy season and above-average rainfall forecasted by the United States' National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (US NOAA). The US Agency for International Development's (USAID's) Famine Early Warning Systems Network (FEWSNET) reported that the greater horn of Africa region received up to 300 per cent above average rainfall from October to mid-November 2019. UNOCHA now considers Burundi to be among the twenty most vulnerable countries to climate change and natural hazards.
East Africa currently experiences unseasonably heavy rains caused by the higher-than-average temperatures of the Indian Ocean, potentially due to cyclical dipole weather phenomenons and global warming. The heavy rains and previous floods which inflict Burundi appear to be the resulting manifestations of these factors.
According to a Save the Children count based on United Nations and government figures, more than 1,200 deaths across East and Southern Africa have been caused by floods, landslides, and a cyclone in 2019. In addition, the UN has found that floods have displaced nearly half a million people in southern Sudan, 200,000 in Ethiopia and at least 370,000 in Somalia in 2019.
Soil erosion as a result of overgrazing and the expansion of agriculture into marginal lands, may have contributed to the Burundian susceptibility and vulnerability to devastating landslides.
The recently launched Global Humanitarian Overview (GHO) indicates that Natural disasters pose substantial risks to the approximately 80 per cent of Burundians depend on subsistence farming, and that 1.74 million people will be in need in 2020.
Disaster
From December 4 onwards, at least a dozen hills around Nyempundu, in Mugina commune in Cibitoke, were collapsed by severely damaging landslides, precipitated by torrential rains.
An anonymous local Cibitoke provincial government official, reported to Reuters that victims were living on a hillside which gave way after the heavy rains of the day before. "They are still digging up dead bodies," the official said.
In an official Twitter post, the Ministry of Public Security confirmed that much property was damaged in the disaster, at least 26 people died and 10 were missing. According to another ministry spokesperson, Pierre Nkurikiye, other provisional police reports indicated the deaths of at least some 38 people (three in Gikomero, 13 in Rukombe and 22 died in Nyempundu), though these reports were still provisional, and as of then, excavation and search-and-rescue (SAR) operations were still ongoing.
Destruction and damage of key infrastructure – including homes, roads, and bridges – was reported. Over 80 houses, 6 bridges and roads, and 9 water access points were destroyed, and crops continued to be destroyed in the immediate aftermath.
Response
On December 5, the provincial Cibitoke Governor Joseph Iteriteka addressed victims of the disaster, thanking everyone involved in the management of the disaster.
UNOCHA led an intersectoral team to gain access to these hard-to-reach affected areas to evaluate the destruction. The international community's willingness to help the affected people was communicated in a December 6 meeting with the Government's Provincial Platform, led by the Governor's Counsellor in charge of social affairs. The Government of Burundi's Civil Protection and Disaster Management Unit, the public provincial and communal administration, the BRCS, the police, the army, the surrounding population, and the Cibitoke and Mugina Health Districts, all deployed local emergency relief services. BRCS teams, coordinated by 3 staff members deployed 15 volunteers many of which were trained in first aid, and Water Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) in emergencies.
The UNOCHA intersectoral team concluded that the most pressing necessities in order of priority were food and water, shelter and other non-food items (NFIs such as household, WASH, female dignity and school kits as well as monetary funds for such were provided by IOM, World Vision, BRCS, UNICEF, UNFPA, the USAID OFDA, Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance, and NGOs Help a Child, War Child Holland, Concern Worldwide & We World-GVC), psychosocial support, and access between hills and villages. Landslides washed away fields that were exploited by these populations, as well as their crops and food reserves, notably those by the Mubarazi river in Muramvya, and similarly much livestock. Water access points and sanitary facilities were washed away and what remained of them was under considerable strain due to high demand. There was also an elevated risk of waterborne diseases. The mission noted that physical access to schools in the Nyempundu area was hampered by landslides that cut off some roads, and that many schoolchildren in general lost their school materials.
On December 7, the National Platform for Disaster Management set up an ad hoc crisis management committee to manage the emergency headed by the Director of Humanitarian Action of the Ministry of Human Rights, Social Affairs and Gender. On the same day, 1,900 affected households received 28.5 tons of rice granted by the Ministry-led committee. This aid was deposited in the commune of Mugina, over 25 kilometers from the disaster site to which the beneficiaries had to travel to access. No provisions were made yet for people with special needs, and a relocation site identified in the village of Rusagara, not far from the shopping centre of the municipality of Mugina, was rejected for the second time by the BRCS.
On December 8, the ad hoc committee, noting that the response to needs would continue as sectors refined their data for a more consistent assistance, requested that the World Food Programme (WFP) carry out food assistance, which began to distribute 15-day rations of beans, corn, oil and salt on December 16, that the visit to the relocation site be conducted quickly and that support be provided to all victims of the rainy season. UNOCHA concluded its December 8 "Flash Update No. 2" saying "The humanitarian community will continue to work with the Government's National Platform to reinforce this emergency response, as well as with local municipalities that are willing to support these relief efforts."
A week after the landslide, the burial of the recovered bodies, arranged by the BRCS in cooperation with the various Partner National Societies (PNS) of the ICRC (Finnish Red Cross, Belgian Red Cross and East Africa Country Cluster Support Team), took place on December 12 in the Nyamakarabo area, but issues were still faced in the lack of assistance to the efforts of the authorities in conducting SAR operations, the extraction of corpses, and the evacuation of the wounded to nearby hospitals. In addition, access to the area remained hampered by landslides that damaged the roads and wooden bridges crossing the area that remained not allowing heavy machinery to pass through.
On December 16, the IOM began requesting support from the BRCS to both arrange the procurement and distribution of half of the household kits each and other NFIs to accommodate for the displaced households who, in the meantime, were temporarily relocated to various communal spaces (i.e churches and schools) or hosted by community members. In addition Burundi and the UNOCHA intersectoral team announced their intention to begin the rehabilitation of a collapsed dam and reorienting the river to its initial direction.
The IFRC concluded their operation 4 months following its beginning (December 23, 2019 - April 23, 2020), having allocated 82,628 Swiss Francs (~90,000 USD) to the disaster relief emergency fund (DREF).
Aftermath
As of December 31, the UNHCR estimated there to be 209,179 Burundian people of concern in Tanzania. The rate of return of 2000 refugees per week planned by the Tanzanian and Burundian governments appear to have been strongly affected by the environmental situation. In November 2019 only one of the three transit centres was functioning, allowing only 409 Burundian refugees to return, the lowest rate since January that year.
The UN Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO) and Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD) have both stated that the phenomenally heavy rains have contributed to a "serious and widespread desert locust outbreak". The Desert Locust Control Organization for Eastern Africa (the DLCO-EA which Burundi is not member to) noted the necessity for urgent and decisive action from all partners, as well as the resources to support large-scale ground surveys, aerial spraying services, provision of chemicals, information dissemination, and further capacity building for control operations.
Forecasted heavy rains accompanied by flash flooding continued into approximately January 9. Beyond that only moderately light rainfall was predicted and observed.
See also
2018 East Africa floods
Geography of Burundi
2017 DR Congo landslide
Notes
a."Éboulement de terrains suite aux fortes pluies tombées hier à Nyempundu, Gikomero et Rukombe (zone Nyamakarabo, commune Mugina en @CibitokeProv ) : 26 morts, 07 blessés et 10 personnes non-encore retrouvées. Des maisons, champs et biens aussi endommagés. Fouilles en cours." (French)
Translation: "Landslide following heavy rains that fell yesterday in Nyempundu, Gikomero and Rukombe (Nyamakarabo zone, Mugina commune in @CibitokeProv): 26 dead, 07 injured and 10 people not yet found. Houses, fields and property also damaged. Excavations in progress."
References
2019 disasters in Africa
Landslides
2019 natural disasters
December 2019 events in Africa
2019 landslides
Landslides in 2019
Natural disasters in Africa
The Spinning Wheel Restaurant, is a historic commercial building in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California. It was built in 1952, by Monterey Peninsula Builders and designed by architect Edwin Lewis Snyder as a restaurant. It is an example of a Monterey Colonial architecture style building. The structure qualifies as an important building in the city's downtown historic district property survey and was recorded with the California Register of Historical Resources on June 5, 2006.
History
The Spinning Wheel Restaurant was established by Joseph and Clara Motta, in December 1952 as a Steakhouse restaurant, located on Monte Verde Street between Ocean Avenue and 7th Avenue in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California. It is a two-story wood-frame and concrete block building with the exterior walls made of concrete blocks covered with a cement stucco finish. The second floor is wood-framed with cement stucco and has a full-width open balcony supported by steel joists cased in wood. The roof has an intersecting hip and gable roof with exposed rafters. There is a brick chimney on the south side. The first floor has a large, angled bay with a multi paned window, topped with a copper roof. The entry door is a wood-paneled dutch door.
The ground level was a restaurant for 30 years and the owners lived on the second floor, which had an ocean view. After the restaurant closed in 1996, the building became a commercial office space. The structure is adjacent to the Carmel City Hall.
Joseph Motta (1902-1985) died on February 18, 1985, at the age of 82. They were the owner and founder of the Spinning Wheel and the Clam Box restaurants in Camel. Three restaurants in the area wanted to transfer the water credits from the closed Spinning Wheel Restaurant. Motta's son, Ronald "Ron" Motta, transferred the water rights to the City on March 16, 2001.
The building qualified for inclusion in the city's Downtown Historic District Property Survey, and was registered with the California Register of Historical Resources on June 5, 2006. The property is significant under the California Register criterion 3, as the only commercial design by architect Edwin Lewis Snyder
See also
Monterey Peninsula
References
External links
Downtown Conservation District Historic Property Survey
1952 establishments in California
Carmel-by-the-Sea, California
Buildings and structures in Monterey County, California
Manresa is the capital of Bages in Catalonia, Spain.
Manresa may also refer to:
Buildings
Manresa House, Dublin, Republic of Ireland
Manresa Island, Connecticut, USA
Manresa Jesuit Spiritual Renewal Centre, in Pickering, Ontario, Canada
Manresa (restaurant), California, USA
Manresa School, Panama
Manresa Spirituality Centre, Quebec, Canada
Parkstead House, formerly Manresa House, London, UK
Places
Manresa State Beach, California, USA
Iñaki Descarga Retegui (born 25 August 1976) is a Spanish former footballer. Mainly a central defender, they could also operate as a right back.
They started and ended their 16-year professional career with Real Unión, but played mainly for Levante (eight seasons and 226 official matches, 61 in La Liga).
Club career
Descarga was born in Irun, Basque Country. After an insignificant stint with CA Osasuna in the second division and a season with neighbours SD Eibar in the same level, they spent eight years with Levante UD, where they would be one of their most influential players as well as captain, helping to two promotions to La Liga. Their first match in the competition came on 13 November 2004 in a 0–1 away loss against Deportivo de La Coruña, with the Valencian Community side being relegated on the last matchday.
Following Levante's severe financial crisis during 2007–08, Descarga was one of many players who would leave, joining Legia Warsaw in August 2008 and reuniting with former Osasuna teammate Iñaki Astiz. They made their Ekstraklasa debut in a game against Arka Gdynia (2–2) but, after just 13 minutes on the pitch, they tore their hamstring and never played for the team again, leaving at the end of the campaign.
In July 2009, Descarga signed with their first club Real Unión of Irun, recently promoted to the second tier. On 20 June 2010, as they were immediately relegated, they helped seal their fate by scoring in their own net in a 0–2 home defeat to neighbours Real Sociedad (last matchday).
After not being able to help Unión return to division two, Descarga retired in June 2011 at the age of 35.
Match-fixing controversy
On 3 December 2008, Spanish regional TV channel Popular TV del Mediterráneo released a recording of a telephone conversation between Levante's president, Julio Romero, and club defender Descarga, in which the latter admitted that a certain number of their teammates had accepted a bribe to lose a 17 June 2007 match against Athletic Bilbao. The opposition won 2–0, and RC Celta de Vigo were instead relegated.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Irun
Spanish footballers
Footballers from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Association football defenders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Real Unión footballers
CA Osasuna B players
CA Osasuna players
SD Eibar footballers
Levante UD footballers
Ekstraklasa players
Legia Warsaw players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Rugushuiyeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Rūgūshū'īyeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Rogūshū'īyeh-ye Bālā, Rūgoshū'īyeh-ye ‘Olyā, Rūgūshū'īyeh Bālā, and Rūgūshū'īyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71, in 26 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
WMUU may refer to:
WMUU-LP, a radio station (102.9 FM) licensed to serve Madison, Wisconsin
WPJF, a radio station (1260 AM) licensed to serve Greenville, South Carolina, United States, which held the call sign WMUU until 2008
WGTK-FM, a radio station (94.5 FM) licensed to serve Greenville, South Carolina, which held the call sign WMUU-FM until 2013
Marcela Lombardo Otero (20 March 1926 – 5 March 2018) was a Mexican politician, daughter of the leftist Vicente Lombardo Toledano, founder of the Popular Socialist Party. They were a deputy during the L and LIV Legislatures, from 1976 to 1979 and 1988 to 1991. In the 1988 election, they were the only female candidate from any of the parties that formed the FDN (National Democratic Front, the left wing coalition) to win their seat in congress by majority.
Career
They were the presidential candidate of PPS (Popular Socialist Party) in the 1994 election, in which they obtained 0.47% of the votes. This result (second to last among nine presidential candidates) implied the loss of the official registry to their party, which was recovered in 1997, and then lost again definitely.
They were the Director of Centro de Estudios Filosóficos, Políticos y Sociales Vicente Lombardo Toledano.
References
1926 births
2018 deaths
Women members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Candidates in the 1994 Mexican presidential election
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Mexican people of Italian descent
Popular Socialist Party (Mexico) politicians
20th-century Mexican politicians
20th-century Mexican women politicians
National Autonomous University of Mexico alumni
Politicians from Mexico City
Deputies of the L Legislature of Mexico
Deputies of the LIV Legislature of Mexico
Events in the year 1967 in Turkey.
Parliament
13th Parliament of Turkey
Incumbents
President – Cevdet Sunay
Prime Minister – Süleyman Demirel
Leader of the opposition – İsmet İnönü
Ruling party and the main opposition
Ruling party – Justice Party (AP)
Main opposition – Republican People's Party (CHP)
Cabinet
30th government of Turkey
Events
3 January – Anadol, the first Turkish made car
30 April – Reliance Party formed.
12 May – Reliance Party was founded by Turhan Feyzioğlu
4 June – Beşiktaş won the championship of Turkish football league
22 July – The 7.1 Mudurnu earthquake affected the Bolu Province with high intensity shaking, killing 86.
27 July – Earthquake in Pülümür (about 1000 km east of the 22 July earthquake)
13 September – An agreement about transporting a group of Turks living in the island Adakale in Romania.
17 September – More than 40 people died during a fight after the football match between Kayserispor and Sivasspor .
31 October – Turkish Cypriot leader Rauf Denktaş was arrested by the Greek Cypriots
18 November – Following Greek attacks to Turkish villages in Cyprus Turkish air raids to Greek forces.
29 November – Turkey and Greece agreed on a plan to halt the hostilities
29 December – Turks in Cyprus formed their own government
Birth
1 January – Mehmet Şimşek, government minister
27 February – Volkan Konak, singer
4 April – Ali Babacan, deputy prime minister
4 November – Yılmaz Erdoğan, filmmaker
20 November Teoman Yakupoğlu, singer
Undated
Murat Günel, Turkish medical scientist
Deaths
9 March – Vâlâ Nureddin (born in 1901), poet and columnist
11 March – Yusuf Ziya Ortaç (born in 1895), humorist and publisher
17 May – Nurullah Ataç (born in 1898), essayist and literary critic
30 June – Yavuz Abadan (born in 1905), academic
20 July – Fikret Mualla Saygı (1904), painter
23 July – Ahmet Kutsi Tecer (born in 1901), poet and politician
5 August – Mustafa İnan (born in 1911), academic and civil engineer
13 September – Şerif Muhiddin Targan (born in 1892), musician
Gallery
See also
1966–67 1.Lig
References
Years of the 20th century in Turkey
1967 in Europe
1967 in Asia
1967 by country
Manuel Santana Aguiar (11 October 1930 – 30 May 2009), better known as M. Boyer was an Indian tiatrist from Goa. Boyer, was originally from Marcaim in Ponda, and later moved to Raia. Their parents were Sebastiao Floriano Aguiar and Mariquinha Luis. They were a talented actor from an early age, and they wrote and presented their first play Rinkari (Debtor) at the age of 18. Their parents and principal tried to discourage them from pursuing their passion but despite all their attempts, they never gave up their love for the stage.
Writing, directing and producing more than 35 plays, participating in more than 5000 performances, composing and singing over 1000 songs, as well as performing in major Indian cities, in London, East Africa and the Middle East, M. Boyer made a significant contribution to the Konkani stage thereby, enriching leaving their special mark on the same. They also have been a source of inspiration for a lot of other artistes. They often left the stage to a thundering applause from their audiences and pleas for an encore performance.
M. Boyer believed that drama should not be just mere entertainment but should be an instrument to educate & inspire people to a better life, mentioned about always emphasizing the message of morality, peace and harmony in their plays, some of which include Chintnam Zalim Sopnam, Sounsar Sudorlo, Bhurgim Ani Bhangar Adim Tem Atam Hem, Ghor Dukhi Gaum Sukhi, Mog, Kazar, Divorce, Kazari Put Xezari. One tiatr which was notable was Ekuch Rosto, based on communal harmony shared between the two major communities of Goa. Apart from their unforgettable contributions to tiatrs, M Boyer lobbied for the preservation of Goan identity. They believed that Konkani alone could strengthen the foundations of Goan identity.
Awards
Honoured for their Distinguished Services at the hands of Mr. Giani Zail Singh (then President of India) on the occasion of the Silver Jubilee Celebration of Goa's Liberation in 1986.
In the year 1984-85, they were conferred with the State Cultural Award by the erstwhile Govt. of Goa, Daman & Diu.
The 1994-95, the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award at the hands of the then President of India, Shri Shankar Dayal Sharma. They were the first Konkani stage artiste to receive this award.
They were awarded the Padmashri award in 2005 at the hand of former president of India, Dr. Abdul Kalam.
It is very rare for a cultural artist to receive both, the Sangeet Natak Academi Award and the Padmashri.
Family
M. Boyer married Eufregina Marta De Sousa in 1966, and they have 5 sons Sebastian, Remus, Stanford, Errol and Sywald.
References
Tiatr Palkacho Patxai: Padmashri M. Boyer (King of Tiatr Stage: Padmashri M. Boyer), Michael Gracias, 2007
Singers from Goa
Konkani-language singers
2009 deaths
Tiatrists
1930 births
20th-century Indian singers
People from North Goa district
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
20th-century Indian male singers
James de Beaujeu Domville (23 June 1933 – 2 April 2015) was a French-born Canadian theatrical producer and administrator. In addition to their theatrical work, Domville served in several important Canadian cultural positions, including five years as Commissioner of the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).
Domville was born in Cannes on the French Riviera to a Canadian father and an American mother. They were a great-grandson of Canadian politician James Domville on their father's side and a grandson of Dutch American novelist Edgar Evertson Saltus through their socialite mother Elsie Welsh Saltus. They attended Selwyn House School and Trinity College School and studied at the University of Fribourg in Switzerland and then at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, from which they gained a Bachelor of Civil Law degree.
Their first theatre work was the production of the satirical musical My Fur Lady. They were co-writer and producer of My Fur Lady, which was a success, being produced at the Stratford Festival and then touring Canada from 1957 to 1958. Following on from this, Domville co-founded a theatre production company, Quince Productions. They co-produced Jubilee and Spring Thaw over the following few years, and was also involved in theatre design, helping to plan the Fredericton Playhouse and the National Theatre School of Canada.
From 1964 until 1968, they served as the National Theatre School's Director-General. They were then the Executive Director of the Théâtre du Nouveau Monde from 1968 until 1972. They also sat on the Advisory Arts Panel of the Canada Council from 1968 until 1972, serving as the panel's chairperson for the final three of those years.
It was in 1972 that they first became involved with the National Film Board, being appointed its Assistant Director of English Production. They became Executive Producer in charge of the NFB's drama film output in 1974, and then in September 1975 was appointed Assistant Film Commissioner by André Lamy. In their time at the NFB they pursued their enthusiasm for underwater diving by directing two films about the subject, Sub-Igloo and Arctic IV, and co-producing an evening of programming on the theme for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, which included a live transmission from the bottom of Resolute Bay. In 1977, they were awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal.
In January 1979, Domville succeeded Lamy as Government Film Commissioner and Chair of the NFB. They later claimed that this was the only job they had ever really wanted. They faced a time of cutbacks and austerity at the NFB, but received praise for changing NFB policy in supporting the Canadian film industry by allowing private companies, rather than the NFB, to undertake the majority of sponsored film production. It was also during Domville's time in charge of the NFB that its Studio D unit produced the controversial documentary features Not a Love Story (1981) and If You Love This Planet (1982). Following disagreements with the government, and despite feeling that it had been the most interesting phase of their career, Domville left their role at the NFB in January 1984.
They died of melanoma in Singapore on 2 April 2015 at the age of 81.
Footnotes
References
External links
James de Beaujeu Domville fonds (R5700) at Library and Archives Canada
1933 births
2015 deaths
People from Cannes
McGill University Faculty of Law alumni
Canadian theatre managers and producers
Government Film Commissioners and Chairpersons of the National Film Board of Canada
French emigrants to Quebec
French people of American descent
French people of Dutch descent
French people of English descent
National Theatre School of Canada faculty
Deaths from melanoma
Deaths from cancer in Singapore
Canadian people of Dutch descent
Jackson Matthew Thompson (born July 2, 1992) is an American soccer player.
Career
Youth, college and amateur
Thompson was part of the Columbus Crew Soccer Academy for three years before spending their entire college career at Messiah College. They made a total of 89 appearances for the Falcons and tallied 35 goals and 50 assists. They hold the career assist record at Messiah, and their 17 assists in 2013 are second for single-season assists. While at Messiah, Thompson also played in the Premier Development League for Southern West Virginia King's Warriors.
Professional
On March 20, 2015, Thompson signed a professional contract with USL expansion side Charlotte Independence. On March 27, they made their professional debut for the club in their season opener against the Charleston Battery and scored the first goal in club history. Unfortunately, the match ended in a 3–2 defeat. They were given the nickname 'Rat' by their teammates for their scamper-like run.
References
External links
Messiah Falcons bio
USSF Development Academy bio
1992 births
Living people
American soccer players
Southern West Virginia King's Warriors players
Charlotte Independence players
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC players
Association football midfielders
Soccer players from Akron, Ohio
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Messiah Falcons men's soccer players
People from Hudson, Ohio
Kingfisher Shores is a suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. It is part of the local government area.
The suburb was part of Chain Valley Bay, and was approved as a separate suburb on 11 May 2007.
As of 2021, the neighbourhood has had a community garden installed as a courtesy from the power company "Morgan Ash Flyash Depot".
References
Suburbs of the Central Coast (New South Wales)
Boston Storm may refer to:
Boston Storm (UWLX), a team in the United Women's Lacrosse League in the 2016 season
Boston Storm (inline hockey), a team in Major League Roller Hockey between 2003 and 2008
Boston Storm (rugby league), a rugby league team in Super League America in the 1998 season
Boston Storm (soccer), a professional soccer team in the USISL from 1993 to 1995
This list of streets in Copenhagen lists streets in Copenhagen, Denmark.
City centre
Christianshavn
Amager
Frederiksberg
Nørrebro
Østerbro
Valby
Vesterbro/Kongens Enghave
References
External links
Historic images
Streets 1863
Images
Images
Source
Source
Streets
Copenhagen
For information on all Iona College sports, see Iona Gaels
The Iona Gaels softball team represents Iona College in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC). The Gaels are currently led by head coach Alyssa Tiumalu. The team plays its home games at the Donald E. Walsh field at Rice Oval located on the college's campus.
See also
List of NCAA Division I softball programs
References
Donald E. Walsh Field at Rice Oval
https://icgaels.com/news/2014/4/27/209482901.aspx?path=softball
External links
The Arizona Inn is a hotel in Tucson, Arizona. It was built in 1930–31 by Isabella Greenway, who became Arizona's first female representative to the U.S. Congress in 1932. The Spanish Colonial Revival main building was designed by Tucson architect Merritt Starkweather. The entire complex comprises 25 structures, of which 21 contribute to the historic district. The buildings are pink stuccoed masonry structures with blue details, arranged in landscaped gardens with more pink stucco walls. The gardens were designed by landscape architect James Oliphant. Small structures surround the gardens, which are mainly landscaped with native Arizona plants.
Description
Greenway built a house in 1928 at the northwest corner of the site in a style that set the overall character of the hotel complex with stuccoed walls and a tiled roof. Six individual residences were built in 1931. The hotel was built in 1930 with the lobby, reception rooms dining room, kitchen and offices. Four casitas were also built in 1930 housing 23 rooms. The following year five villas were built, comprising 36 rooms. A pool and two supporting structures were added in 1937. The interiors feature plain white walls with corbeled arches connecting major rooms. Several dining and meeting rooms are themed. The Catlin Room features a collection of George Catlin prints, while the African and Safari Rooms contain souvenirs of Greenway's trip to Africa in 1931.
The Arizona Inn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 5, 1988. It continues to operate as a boutique hotel.
Potter Place
Across the street from the Arizona Inn is a small street known as Potter Place. According to David Leighton, historian for the Arizona Daily Star newspaper, the name derives from Dickson and Sue Potter who founded the Potter School, a preparatory school for girls. The Potters, who were from New York, began wintering in Tucson for their son's health and, later conceived the idea for a girls school in Tucson. After the first school year, they purchased the old Frederick Leighton Kramer home, across the street from the Arizona Inn, turning it into the main school building. The property also had on it a large pool built by a previous owner, James Wheeler, which would be used by the school throughout its existence. The Potters also had a few other buildings constructed and a house for themselves built on the property.
Subjects taught at the school included Latin, drama, history, math, French, music, art, science and English. The pupils also had available to them a two-year course in the study of the Bible and Biblical history and Spanish and German could be taken with special arrangements. Individual swimming and tennis lessons were offered to students and occasional ski trips to Mt. Lemmon were allowed for students of "good citizenship".
In 1945, Dickson Potter bought property along North Craycroft Road, north of the old Fort Lowell, and constructed a ranch house and stables. Here, at Potter Ranch, the students received riding lessons from a master who resided at the ranch. There also were annual horse shows that showcased novice and advanced horse jumping, with the winners' names engraved on the Bob Locke Award. The Potter Ranch is now The Gregory School.
In 1953, the school closed and the buildings were sold to the Sisters of Charity, a Catholic order. The main house of the school was torn down in 2015.
References
External links
Arizona Inn official website
Hotels in Arizona
Buildings and structures in Tucson, Arizona
Hotel buildings completed in 1930
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Tucson, Arizona
Historic American Buildings Survey in Arizona
Tourist attractions in Tucson, Arizona
Mission Revival architecture in Arizona
Spanish Colonial Revival architecture in Arizona
Hotels established in 1930
1930 establishments in Arizona
Houses completed in 1928
Philip Henry Howard (22 April 1801 – 1 January 1883), was a British Whig politician.
A member of the Howard family headed by the Duke of Norfolk, they were the son of Henry Howard, of Corby Castle, Cumberland, by Catherine Mary, daughter of Sir Richard Neave, 1st Baronet. They were a descendant of Lord William Howard, younger son of Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk.
Howard was returned to parliament as one of two representatives for Carlisle in 1830. They lost their seat in July 1847 but the election was declared void in March 1848 and in that same month they were once again elected for the constituency. This time they held the seat until 1852. They were appointed High Sheriff of Cumberland for 1860–61.
Howard married Elizabeth, daughter of Major John Canning, in 1843. They lived at Corby Castle. Elizabeth died in February 1865. Howard remained a widower until their death in January 1883, aged 81.
References
External links
1801 births
1883 deaths
Philip Henry
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1830–1831
UK MPs 1831–1832
UK MPs 1832–1835
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1837–1841
UK MPs 1841–1847
UK MPs 1847–1852
Whig (British political party) MPs for English constituencies
High Sheriffs of Cumberland
Pascal-Désir Maisonneuve (Bordeaux 1863 – Bordeaux, April 1934) was a French artist and mosaicist whose work is considered to be outsider art.
They ran a second-hand shop in Bordeaux, France. Their hobbies were cycling and weightlifting. But since they were sixteen, their real passion was collecting strange objects and works of art, with an interest in art from any period. They exhibited their collection in their shop. This passion led them to restoring Gallo-Roman mosaics. These mosaics now form part of the collections in the museums of Périgueux and Bordeaux. Maisonneuve also decorated a few castles in the vicinity of Bordeaux.
They were rebellious of mind, and their works displayed their anarchistic and anticlerical feelings in a humorous way. In 1928 they were nominated "Best Worker of France" for their portrait of Sadi Carnot.
As an artist, Maisonneuve bloomed late in life. At the age of 64, they started a series of fifteen portraits which poked fun at or ridiculed politicians and monarchs from various countries. They made their effigies out of tropical seashells, primarily mollusc shells, which were held together with plaster, working without any concern for the end result. They used shells that they already had in their collection, or bought them at jumble sales. They called the series "Les Fourbes de l'Europe" ("Treacherous Rogues of Europe"). The portrait series included masks of Queen Victoria and the emperor William II. and also of the Chinese, the Teuton (French term of abuse for the Germans) and the Tartar. After a while however, Maisonneuve shifted their attention from parody to the study of the human face and its many expressions.
They were a typical example of an outsider artist with a non-premeditated approach of expressing himself. They were not a trained artist, but nonetheless succeeded in producing, in a spontaneous way, works that showed their talent.
The French writer André Breton learned of these masks and showed them to the French painter Jean Dubuffet, who bought nine of them. Dubuffet went on to become the first theoretician of the new art form (what we now call outsider art), which they called "art brut". According to him, this was art produced by people who were not professionals, who operated outside the conventional aesthetic norms, and who did not belong to an artistic milieu.
Exhibitions
Salon des Indépendants de Bordeaux, 1935
Galerie René Drouin, Exposition d'art brut, Paris, 1949
Musée national d'art moderne/Centre Georges Pompidou, Création en France, 1937–1957, Paris 1981
Musée national d'art moderne/Centre Georges Pompidou, André Breton, "La beauté convulsive", Paris 1991
Exhibitions of the masks of Maisonneuve at the "Galerie du Musée des Beaux-Arts de Bordeaux", Bordeaux, France (4 November 2010 until 30 January 2011)
Museums
Lille Métropole Museum of Modern, Contemporary and Outsider Art, Villeneuve d'Asq, France
References
Delavaux, Céline. L'art brut : l'art sans le savoir. Palette, 2009.
External links
Collections de l'Art Brut : Maisonneuve, Pascal-Désir
Photo of "Le Chinois"
1863 births
1934 deaths
Artists from Bordeaux
Outsider artists
The French Rugby Union Championship 1960-1961 was contested by 56 teams divided in 7 pools.
THE Béziers won the tournament beating the US Dax in the final.
Context
The Five Nations Championship 1961 was won France
The Challenge Yves du Manoir was won by Mont-de-Marsan that beat the Béziers par 17 – 8.
Qualification round
In bold the qualified to "last 32" phase
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1961 lnr.fr
France 1961
Champiomship
Alstrom syndrome 1 also known as ALMS1 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the ALMS1 gene.
Molecular biology
The gene is located on the short arm of chromosome 2 (2p13.2) on the plus (Watson) strand. It is 224,161 bases in length organised into 23 exons. The encoded protein has 4,167 amino acids and molecular weight of 460,937 Da. Three isoforms are known. The protein itself has a large tandem-repeat domain comprising 34 imperfect repetitions of 47 amino acids. Mutations associated with disease are usually found in exons 8, 10 and 16.
The gene is expressed in fetal tissues including the aorta, brain, eye, kidney, liver, lung, olfactory bulb, pancreas, skeletal muscle, spleen and testis. The protein is found in the cytoplasm, centrosome, cell projections and cilium basal body. During mitosis it localizes to both spindle poles.
Function
Knockdown of Alms1 by short interfering RNA in mouse inner medullary collecting duct cells caused defective ciliogenesis. Cilia were stunted and treated cells lacked the ability to increase calcium influx in response to mechanical stimuli.
Disease association
Mutations in the ALMS1 gene have been found to be causative for Alström syndrome with a total of 81 disease-causing mutations.
Multiple mutations are known: the current (2007) total is 79. These include both nonsense and frameshift mutations. Most of the mutations have been found in exons 8,10 and 16.
Discovery
The Jackson Laboratory in Bar Harbor, Maine, USA with the University of Southampton, UK isolated ALMS1 as the single gene responsible for Alström syndrome.
See also
Alms1, centrosome and basal body associated protein
References
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Alstrom syndrome
OMIM entries on Alström syndrome
The 2008 season of the Enterprise Football League (also known as the Fubon Enterprise Football League) was held from January 5 to April 27, 2008. With 4 college teams also participating, the number of competing teams increased from 4 to 8. The 2007 league champion Taiwan Power Company F.C. successfully defended the title.
At the end of 2008, the Chinese Taipei Football Association decided to merge the Enterprise Football League into the Intercity Football League. As a result, this was the last Enterprise Football League season.
Teams
The 2008 league season consisted of 8 teams, 4 of which were existing teams from the 2007 season: Taipower (台電), Tatung (大同), Chinese Taipei U-23 (as Fubon Financial, 富邦), and the National Sports Training Center football team (國訓). Four additional college teams, Bros (悍創), E-United (義聯集團), Hun Sing (鴻鑫北體), and Molton Tso I (Molten佐儀), also participated in this season.
Semi-professional clubs
Taiwan Power Company F.C. (abbr. Taipower)
Tatung F.C.
Only Taipower and Tatung were eligible to represent Chinese Taipei in the AFC President's Cup.
National or military teams
Fubon Financial: Chinese Taipei National Under-23 football team
National Sports Training Center football team (NSTC)
College teams
Bros: Ming Chuan University football team
E-United: mainly I-Shou University football team
Hun Sing: Taipei Physical Education College football team
Molten Tso I: National Taiwan College of Physical Education football team
Venues
Chungshan Soccer Stadium, Taipei (rounds 1-3, 8-10, 13-14)
Kaohsiung County Stadium, Fongshan City (rounds 1-5, 8-12)
I-Shou University, Kaohsiung (rounds 4-7, 11-12)
Chung Cheng Industrial Vocational High School, Kaohsiung (rounds 6-7)
Bailing Sports Park, Taipei (round 13-14)
League table
Results
Bottom section = first stage (rounds 1-7); Top section = second stage (rounds 8-14).
Season statistics
First goal of the season: Huang Jui-hao for National Sports Training Center football team against Fubon Financial (Chinese Taipei U-23) (January 5, 2008)
Widest winning margin: 6 goals – Molten Tso I 6-0 Hun Sing
Most goals in a match: 7 goals – Taipower 6-1 E-United
Top scorers
Awards
MVP: Huang Chiu-ching (Taipower)
Best Manager: Chen Kuei-jen (Taipower)
Golden Boot: Chang Han (Molten Tso I)
Fair Play: Fubon Financial
See also
2008 in Taiwanese football
References
External links
Enterprise Football League 2008 regulations
RSSSF
Top level Taiwanese football league seasons
Enterprise Football League seasons
Taipei
Taipei
1
Legionella gratiana is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from water in the Savoy region in France from a thermal spa.
References
External links
Type strain of Legionella gratiana at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Legionellales
Bacteria described in 1991
Hastijan Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,518, in 882 families. The rural district has 13 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Delijan County
The USS Flagship Hotel was a hotel, located in Galveston in the U.S. state of Texas. The 7-story 225-room hotel was built on the historic Pleasure Pier structure entirely over the Gulf of Mexico. It was a popular destination in Galveston that withstood many storms.
History
The hotel was built in 1965 by Houston banker James E. Lyon who leased the pier for the construction. The lease rate was US$185,000 annually (US$ in today's terms) for forty years.
The structure was severely damaged in 2008 by Hurricane Ike causing its closure.
In 2009, the owner Landry's, Inc., which acquired the hotel from the Galveston Council in 2003 for $500,000, advised the Galveston city planning commission it would demolish the hotel and build an international amusement park on the pier. Demolition of the hotel took place in February 2011. Work then began on the new Galveston Island Historic Pleasure Pier which opened in May 2012.
See also
Hotel Galvez
Notes
References
External links
Official Galveston Tourism website
Flagship Hotel website extract circa. 2000
Buildings and structures in Galveston, Texas
The 1979 international cricket season extended from May to August 1979.
Season overview
May
1979 ICC Trophy
Group A
Group B
{
Group C
June
1979 Cricket World Cup
July
India in England
References
1979 in cricket
The Legend of the Golden Gun is a 1979 American Western television film, starring Jeff Osterhage, Hal Holbrook, Carl Franklin, and Robert Davi.
Plot summary
John Golden, a young farmer whose parents are murdered meets Joshua Brown, a runaway slave, and they team up to track down the legendary Confederate guerrilla William Quantrill. Along their travels, they run into a legendary gunfighter, who teaches the young farmer how to shoot and gives them a special gun that shoots seven rounds, the seventh of which is intended as an advantage against evil.
Cast
Jeff Osterhage as John Golden
Carl Franklin as Joshua Brown
Robert Davi as William Quantrill
Keir Dullea as General Custer
Michele Carey as Maggie
John McLiam as Jake Powell
Elissa Leeds as Sara Powell
R. G. Armstrong as Judge Harrison Harding
Hal Holbrook as J.R. Swackhammer
William Bryant as William Ford
Rex Holman as Sturges
J. Brian Pizer as Captain Marks
R. L. Tolbert as Buffalo Bill
Budge Taylor as Dr. Wheller
Walt Davis as Soldier #3
Michael Yama as The photographer
David Holbrook as The young outlaw
DVD
"The Legend of the Golden Gun" was released on DVD on December 4, 2012 and still is available to order at Amazon.com and at tcm.com
References
External links
1979 television films
Western (genre) television films
American television films
NBC networks original films
Films produced by Harve Bennett
American Civil War films
Films directed by Alan J. Levi
1970s American films
Ciucurova is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Atmagea, Ciucurova and Fântâna Mare (historical name: Başpunar).
The commune's name comes from Turkish, Çukurova meaning low-plain (çukur - low, ova - plain).
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Place names of Turkish origin in Romania
Asperges me is a Latin antiphon said or sung at a Roman Catholic High Mass in all seasons except the Easter (Paschal) season and Palm Sunday. It traditionally accompanies the Asperges, the ritual sprinkling of the congregation by the celebrant with holy water, as part of an entrance ritual, symbolising the cleansing of the people. Its words are taken from Psalm 51 (50):
It is followed by the conventional doxology (except on the first Sunday of Passiontide):
The antiphon is then recited a second time.
From Easter until Pentecost, Asperges me is replaced by the more lengthy and florid antiphon, Vidi aquam.
Although usually sung to plainchant, Asperges Me has been set to music; two well-known examples are those by Gilles Binchois (Bologna, International museum and library of music, Ms Q15) and Tomás Luis de Victoria.
References
External links
PDF score of Victoria's setting
Mass in the Catholic Church
Christian liturgical music
Latin religious words and phrases
Order of Mass
nl:Asperges me
Edge of Eternity is a historical and family saga novel by Welsh-born author Ken Follett, published in 2014. It is the third book in the Century Trilogy, after Fall of Giants and Winter of the World.
The novel tells the story of the third generation of families developed in the first two novels and located in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and the Soviet Union during the height of the Cold War. The novel's characters become involved in a number of the most significant global events during the period, including the Cuban Missile Crisis, the British Invasion, the Kennedy Administration, the Watergate scandal, and the Civil Rights Movement.
Plot summary
The story follows characters from Germany, Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union, who become linked by events from just before the construction of the Berlin wall in 1961 to that wall's demise in 1989 (and in an epilogue to the night of Barack Obama's election in 2008). Once again, the major characters are the children of the characters who were seen in the first two novels.
The novel covers a range of world events during the period, often from multiple points of view. These include the civil rights movement in the US, the Cuban Missile Crisis, the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy, Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy, the Vietnam War, the Watergate scandal and the Solidarity movement in Poland.
The novel also covers a range of personal events. Others tour the world as reporters or aides to major political figures. Characters in the US work (under six presidents) to overcome prejudice and discrimination and to win the Cold War. Characters in East Berlin and Moscow work (under five different Soviet leaders), subtly at first and then more overtly, to bring about the start of the fall of Communism. And a family split apart by the construction of the Berlin wall is eventually re-united the night that wall comes down.
Unlike the first two volumes, which gave considerable attention to British politics and charted the rise of the British Labor Party to prominence, culminating with the party's victory under Clement Attlee in 1945, this subject is nearly absent from the present volume. In the course of the book's plot, most British characters move to the United States and become involved in its politics, rather than the British ones. For example, the 1979 elections victory of Margaret Thatcher gets no reference at all in the book, though it happened in the period covered by it.
Characters
Here are the principal Point-of-view characters around which the plot revolves:
George Jakes, a young half-black/half-Russian graduate of Harvard Law School working in the office of Robert F. Kennedy during the Kennedy Administration.  They are the illegitimate son of Jackie Jakes and Senator Grigori "Greg" Peshkov.
Rebecca Hoffman, a teacher in East Berlin, the adopted daughter of Carla von Ulrich and their husband Werner Franck. Originally married to Hans Hoffman, they discover they are an undercover Stasi agent. Soon after the Berlin Wall is erected, they flee to the west with another schoolteacher, Bernd Held, whom they later marries.
Walli Franck, Rebecca's musical younger brother who escapes East Germany to become an international rock star.  They are forced to leave behind their pregnant girlfriend Karolin (also a singer). Karolin is then taken in by the Franck/Von Ulrich family.
Lili Franck, Rebecca and Walli's youngest sister who protests the Communist government of East Germany by singing subversive songs.
Dave Williams, the son of Lloyd Williams and Daisy Peshkov and grandson of Earl Fitzherbert; first cousin of George and second cousin of Walli, a dyslexic young musician who become an international rock star and music producer. They and Walli become the core of the band "Plum Nellie". They fall in love with Cameron's younger sister, Ursula "Beep" Dewar.
Dmitri Dvorkin, a young apparatchik in the USSR working for Nikita Khrushchev as an aide during the Cuban Missile Crisis. The grandson of General Grigori Peshkov. Although they believe in Communism, they are disgusted with the inefficient and conservative leadership of the Soviet bureaucracy, especially after Khrushchev is deposed, and is constantly on the search for a reformist leader - eventually involved in helping Gorbachev rise to power.
Tanya Dvorkin, Dmitri's twin sister, a journalist and star reporter for the official Soviet TASS news agency, publicly adhering to the official party line - while at the same time secretly writing and disseminating anti-Soviet articles and smuggling out forbidden writings for publication in the West - very dangerous activities, that could have dire consequences if discovered.
Cameron Dewar, a conservative student at UC Berkeley who joins the Nixon Administration, and assists in Nixon's use of illegal espionage on political opponents. They later becomes a CIA agent stationed in Communist Poland.
Jasper Murray, the son of Daisy's German-Scottish friend Eva Murray; an investigative journalist, they come to America to report on the Civil Rights Movement but is then drafted to fight in the Vietnam War, where they participate in War Crimes committed by US troops.
Genre and style
As a series of historical novels, the whole Century Trilogy revolves around an episodic treatment of history, highlighting the most significant events of the 20th century by immersing characters in those events. In doing so, Follett covers almost all of the major historical events between 1961 and 2008, the termination of the novel. Steve Novak of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette described the novel as "an extremely extensive refresher course [in history]. This isn't just a few snapshots of history — this is a miniseries." Novak points to Follett's deliberate choices about representing the past that make the treatment of history successful; Novak quoting an interview in which Follett said "The research and effort at authenticity is more difficult when you're writing about history that is within living memory."
Despite this exhaustive treatment of history, most reviewers noted the quality of the reading experience. Novak describes the novel as better than a history book, by thrusting the reader into the "immediacy of the events described". The Historical Novel Society reviewer Viviane Crystal describes this skilled character development as what saves the novel from being "a skimming of the surface of history" is that the "set of characters [...] live and engage in all these events over the years, with romance, terror, frustration, determination, fury and celebration." As Steve Donoghue of Open Letters Monthly notes, however, this approach to the historical novel follows a conceit commonly used in historical fiction, saying its "oldest gimmick in the historical fiction bag of tricks, the eyewitness-to-history trick in which the author invents a character or cast of characters who just happen to be in the room when the great and the mighty eat, fornicate, and make the decisions that change the course of nations."
Critical reception
Many critics focused on the tension between the novel's length and deep dive into history and the novel's compelling treatment of that history. Critic Steve Novak for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette said that "Reading any 1,100-page book is a chore, but if you stay with “Edge of Eternity,” Mr. Follett's characters just might grow on you." Publishers Weekly described the novel as the "mesmerizing final installment is an exhaustive but rewarding reading experience dense in thematic heft, yet flowing with spicy, expertly paced melodrama, character-rich exploits, familial histrionics, and international intrigue."
Notes
References
Works cited
2014 British novels
Novels by Ken Follett
British historical novels
Family saga novels
Novels set during the Cold War
Novels set during the Vietnam War
Novels set in the 1960s
Novels set in the 1970s
Novels set in the 1980s
Novels set in the 1990s
Novels set in the 2000s
Novels about political repression in the Soviet Union
Cultural depictions of Robert F. Kennedy
Cultural depictions of Nikita Khrushchev
Cultural depictions of Richard Nixon
Novels set in the United Kingdom
Novels set in the United States
Novels set in the Soviet Union
Novels set in Germany
Macmillan Publishers books
Monika, Baroness van Paemel (born 4 May 1945) is a Belgian writer. Born in Poesele, at age 14 they attended the Heilig Graf boarding school in Turnhout, where they graduated in commercial sciences. In 1963, they married Theo Butsen, whom they divorced some years later. Together they had two daughters, but one of them died aged seventeen.
On 16 July 1993, they were knighted and became a baroness.
Bibliography
Amazone met het blauwe voorhoofd (1971)
De confrontatie (1974)
Marguerite (1976)
De vermaledijde vaders (1985)
De eerste steen (1988)
Het wedervaren (1993)
Rozen op ijs (1997)
Het verschil (2000)
Celestien, de gebenedijde moeders(2004)
Te zot of te bot (2006)
De koningin van Sheba (2008)
Het gezin van Puynbroeckx (2008)
Weduwenspek (2013)
Awards
1972 - Prijs voor het beste literair debuut
1973 - Literaire prijs voor letterkunde Oost-Vlaanderen
1986 - Dirk Martens prijs
1986 - Prijs van de Vlaamse provincies
See also
Flemish literature
References
External links
Monika van Paemel
Willem M. Roggeman, Monika van Paemel In: Beroepsgeheim 6 (1992)
1945 births
Flemish writers
Belgian women writers
Living people
Flemish women writers
This is the discography of the Canadian rock band Wide Mouth Mason.
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Singles
References
External links
Official Website of Wide Mouth Mason
Official Fan Network of Wide Mouth Mason
Discographies of Canadian artists
Rock music group discographies
The 1909 Giro di Lombardia was the fifth edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 7 November 1909. The race started in Milan and finished in Sesto San Giovanni. The race was won by Giovanni Cuniolo.
General classification
References
1909
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Fraserville may refer to:
Fraserville, Ontario, a community in Peterborough County, Ontario,
Fraserville, Nova Scotia, a community in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia,
a historical name for Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec.
Mindenhurst is a new neighbourhood in the village of Deepcut in Surrey, England, which is being built on the Princess Royal Barracks. It is in the London commuter belt giving families a rural lifestyle whilst being able to easily commute into the city. It will provide 1,200 new homes alongside 69 hectares (170 acres) of green space including woodlands. It will also have a number of amenities to support the new community.
History
In March 2004 it was reported the MoD planned to close the Princess Royal Barracks, known widely as the Deepcut Barracks. In January 2008 the decision to sell the barracks was formally announced and in 2013 it was confirmed the barracks would close with the land being sold for housing development purposes. The MoD declared the site "surplus to Ministry of Defence requirements".
.
The local church (St Barbara's), which is being retained and refurbished as part of the new neighbourhood, was used as a filming location for the movie Kingsman: The Secret Service in 2013.
Design
Skanska have applied a strict design code to the development to ensure it retains a premium village feel, in keeping with the areas rich history. This includes not having painted markings for parking areas, using only wood to construct play areas and even specifying door to window size ratios.
Construction
Work to clear the site began on Monday the 8th of February 2016 with construction starting in summer 2016.
In July 2017 Skanska announced CALA Homes (Thames) Ltd was the successful bidder for the first land sale and they were set to build 215 new homes. This is now known as "CALA Phase 1", it is fully complete and all homes have been sold. In March 2018 it was announced that CALA had successfully bid for a second area of land and permission had been granted for a further 215 homes. As of January 2021 this is known as "CALA Phase 2" and it is approximately 50% built with over 75% of homes having been reserved.
In November 2019 it was announced that Trivelhus would build 21 homes, as of 2021 construction is yet to begin.
In June 2020 Bovis Homes, part of Vistry Group, secured planning permission for 127 homes and announced they would being construction in late summer 2020.
Decommissioning works at the barracks are expected to finish in 2021.
Amenities
Primary School
Construction was completed in 2020 and it's currently awaiting handoff to Surrey County Council. The school includes two nursery classrooms, two reception classrooms and 12 more classrooms to accommodate years 1,2 and junior children located over the ground and first floors. There are also some break out spaces, small specialist group rooms a library and halls.
Village Green
Construction was completed in 2020, features include a duck pond, green open space and a large outdoor children's play area suitable for a wide age range.
Gastro Pub
Construction is due to begin in 2021, designed by MacKenzie Wheeler it features the traditional pub elements of bar, den, dining room, terrace and garden alongside a double-sided fireplace. There will also be an outdoor fireplace covered by a barn style roof to offer a year-round amenity.
Village shops
These are set to include a small supermarket, Skanska are currently trying to secure a provider.
Sports hub
Will include a dual use pitch for football and cricket, two junior football pitches, four tennis courts, outdoor gym equipment and a sports pavilion.
Play areas
There are a total of 12 play areas planned across the development, one is completed and is located on the village green.
Church
St Barbara's church was built as a portable Garrison church in 1901. It is a Grade II listed building so will be refurbished and a new church hall will be built. Revd Daniel Natnael is the church minister, they live with their family live in the new development at Mindenhurst.
Location
Mindenhurst is located in Deepcut, Surrey, within the borough of Surrey Heath.
The neighborhood is just 28 miles from the centre of London and is considered to be within the London metropolitan area also known as the "commuter belt".
There are many surrounding villages including Pirbright (3 miles), West End (3.5 miles) and Chobham (5 miles) as well towns including Frimley (2.3 miles), Camberley (4.5 miles), Woking (7.7 miles), Farnham (9 miles) and Guildford (9.5 miles).
Transport
Cycling and walking
New paths will be created as part of the development.
Bus
Stagecoach South operates the number 11 service, an hourly bus service which passes through nearby Deepcut, serving the local areas in Surrey and Hampshire, such as Camberley, Frimley and Farnborough. The number 48 service, operated by White Bus Services, is a less frequent weekday service that connects the neighborhood to the wider area including nearby Frimley Park Hospital, Frimley Green, Brookwood railway station and Woking.
Train
Mindenhurst is served to nearby stations on the South West Main Line, with trains operated by South Western Railway. Brookwood has a regular service to London Waterloo - the fastest service takes 31 minutes. Woking has the fastest services, which takes 5 minutes. Farnborough (Main) also has a regular train service to London Waterloo, the fastest service taking 38 minutes.
Farnborough North has regular train services operated by Great Western Railway to Guildford, the fastest service taking 17 minutes, and Reading, the fastest service taking 27 minutes.
Car
Mindenhurst is close to both the M3 and A3.
References
Villages in Surrey
The Iowa Hawkeyes softball team represents University of Iowa in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Big Ten Conference. The Hawkeyes are currently led by head coach Renee Luers-Gillispie. The team plays its home games at Bob Pearl Softball Field located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Awards
Big Ten Player of the Year
Terri McFarland, 1990
Karen Jackson, 1991
Debbie Bilbao, 1997
Big Ten Pitcher of the Year
Karen Jackson, 1994
Kristi Hanks, 2000
Kristi Hanks, 2001
Lisa Birocci, 2003
Big Ten Freshman of the Year
Terri McFarland, 1989
Karren Jackson, 1991
Kari Knopf, 1994
Jessica Bashor, 2000
Stacy May, 2003
Big Ten Coach of the Year
Gayle Blevins, 1989
Gayle Blevins, 1997
Gayle Blevins, 2000
References
The iPod click wheel is the navigation component of non touch-screen iPod models. It uses a combination of touch technology and traditional buttons, involving the technology of capacitive sensing, which senses the touch of the user's fingers. The wheel allows a user to find music, videos, photos and play games on the device. The wheel is flush on the face of the iPod and is located below the screen. The click wheel was invented by Norihiko Saito in 1998.
The design was first released with the iPod Mini, and was last used with the iPod Classic. It is credited to Apple's Vice President of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.
Details
The click wheel detects a user's input via its touch sensitive ring. Because of four mechanical buttons that lie beneath it, the ring is able to perform multiple commands. For example, browsing through music, after selecting a particular song, the click-wheel is used to adjust the volume. Pressing the select button can be used to skip to a specific part in the song.
The primary technology that the click-wheel demonstrates is that of capacitive sensing. This technology actually dates back to 1919, where it was first utilized in a musical instrument called a theremin. It allowed the pitch and volume of the instrument to be controlled by the distance from the musician's hands to two antennae. When two metal plates are placed very close to one another, without coming into contact, a current passes through the plates, energy is stored, but once the current is taken away, the stored energy creates a current on its own. This is how a capacitor gathers and stores energy.
This same principle is applied to the iPod Classic and on the first through fifth generations of the iPod Nano.
The "brain" behind the click-wheel is the conductive membrane behind the plastic covering. This membrane has "channels" that when connected, create a set of coordinates. These channels are conductors, which when connected to another conductor (a finger in this case), try to send a current through the user's finger, but are blocked by the plastic covering the click-wheel. So instead of passing through the plastic, the current creates a charge at the closest location to the finger, which is also known as capacitance. The component that detects this change in capacitance is the controller. Whenever the controller senses a change, it sends a signal to the microprocessor, which performs the desired action. The faster a finger moves around the wheel, the more concentrated the stream of signals it sends out. The moment the finger leaves the wheel, however, is when the controller stops detecting change in capacitance, therefore stopping the current process.
Similar technologies
The Creative Zen Touch from 2004 has a vertical scroll wheel similar to the iPod's click wheel. That same year, the luxury Nokia 7280 mobile phone also featured a scroll wheel. The Samsung SGH-i300 from 2005, as well as Motorola ROKR E8 from 2007, also have it. In 2007, Nokia created the 'Navi wheel' which debuted on the Nokia N81. LG also implemented such a feature on its LG Chocolate (VX8550). Several models of Sony Walkman music players also have similar interfaces.
References
External links
Click wheel
Wine of Youth is a 1924 American silent comedy drama film directed by King Vidor, and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, shortly after the merger which created MGM in April 1924. Vidor did not consider it important enough to mention in their autobiography, although it did advance the careers of three young stars-to-be: Ben Lyon, Eleanor Boardman, and William Haines.
An early “flapper” romance of the Roaring Twenties, Vidor tested the limits of presenting unconventional social behavior among American youth in the Jazz Age which ends with a paean to parental authority.
Plot
Mary (Eleanor Boardman) is a girl wooed by two suitors but made afraid of marriage by the quarreling of their parents.
Cast
Production
Vidor's arrival at the newly amalgamated Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer would mark the beginning of a 20-year association with the studio. Wine of Youth is their first film appear under M-G-M.
Theme
Wine of Youth is the first of four films that preceded Vidor's groundbreaking war epic The Big Parade (1925). In substance these four “Jazz Age flaming youth pictures” of which three survive bear little resemblance to work to emerge in the late 1920s.
Vidor opens the film by contrasting the courtship rituals that characterized the mothers and grandmothers of the female “flappers” in the post-WWI period. The young women of the earlier Victorian Era swoon while reclining in their parent's parlor with their beaux, declaring “there's never been so great a love as ours.” The liberated flappers reject these conventions and organize a faux honeymoon with their boyfriends in the forest. Here they drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes and cavort sexually, images very appealing to urban youth of that era. (Vidor described the movie as an “exploitation piece”).
Having defied conventionality and flirted with their virginity, the protagonist, Mary, discovers a new and genuine desire for their future husband that returns them to the fold: “there's never been so great a love as ours.” Ostensibly an effort to present the virtues of a trial marriage - to discover “how a man is in every day life before you give them your all” - Vidor contended that “there were so many restrictions and inhibitions that it really took the guts out of the idea.”
Preservation
The film is preserved at George Eastman House, Rochester New York. In February 2020, the film was shown at the 70th Berlin International Film Festival, as part of a retrospective dedicated to King Vidor's career.
Footnotes
References
Baxter, John. 1976. King Vidor. Simon & Schuster, Inc. Monarch Film Studies. LOC Card Number 75-23544.
Durgnat, Raymond and Simmon, Scott. 1988. King Vidor, American. University of California Press, Berkeley.
Eames, John Douglas (1988). The MGM Story: the Complete History of Fifty Roaring Years. Crown Publishers.
External links
1924 films
1924 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by King Vidor
Films produced by Louis B. Mayer
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Flappers
1920s American films
Silent comedy-drama films
Silent American drama films
Silent American comedy films
The Group of the One and Only ( ) was a minor rebel group that fought in the Syrian Civil War. The group was composed of foreigners and Syrians. The group's leader, Amir Al Bara, and an unknown number of fighters, reportedly left Latakia and later joined the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in 2016.
See also
List of armed groups in the Syrian Civil War
References
Anti-government factions of the Syrian civil war
Hindsight 20/20 is the greatest hits compilation album by the Canadian comedy music group The Arrogant Worms. The album consists of twenty songs spanning the band's twenty-year career and a dance remix of "The Last Saskatchewan Pirate."
Track listing
The Last Saskatchewan Pirate
Pressure Washer
Uncle Lou
I Am Cow
Jesus' Brother Bob
Rippy The Gator
The Mounted Animal Nature Trail
Rocks And Trees
Celine Dion
Big Box Store
Canada's Really Big
I Ran Away
Mime Abduction Song
The Happy Happy Birthday Song
Carrot Juice Is Murder
Go To Sleep Little Leech
Me Like Hockey
Big Fat Road Manager
Santa's Gonna Kick Your Ass
We Are The Beaver
Dance Club Remix: The Last Saskatchewan Pirate
2010 greatest hits albums
The Arrogant Worms albums
Jim Hall & Basses is an album by jazz guitarist Jim Hall performing duets and trios with bassists Dave Holland, Christian McBride, Charlie Haden, George Mraz and Scott Colley that was released by Telarc in 2001.
Reception
Ken Dryden, writing for AllMusic, said "Jim Hall is no stranger to guitar/bass duets after several memorable outings with the likes of Ron Carter and Red Mitchell, but this series of studio sessions is even more challenging, mixing it up ... Hall's skills as a composer are vastly underrated by the jazz audience as a whole, but their fellow players recognize their formidable skills. ... Hall's adventuresome streak as a composer, arranger, and performer continues to flourish"
The PopMatters review by Maurice Bottomly said that "this is not as immediately appealing a set as one would have hoped. It is worth getting to know but the whole project suffers from being a little too self-contained and introverted. Hall's inventiveness wins out in the end but it might take you at least a couple of listens to overcome the feeling that this is music for a specialist audience only"
In JazzTimes, Jim Ferguson wrote "In the hands of a lesser figure, a project such as this could easily turn into an exercise in excess, but Hall's taste and integrity keep it on an artistic track throughout, making this a real treat for not only their admirers, but also anyone who appreciates fine, creative music".
Track listing
All compositions by Jim Hall except where noted
"End the Beguine!" − 6:35
"Bent Blue" − 5:00
"Abstract 1" (Hall, Charlie Haden) − 4:31
"All the Things You Are" (Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II) − 6:22
"Abstract 2" (Hall, Scott Colley, George Mraz) − 3:24
"Sam Jones" − 3:11
"Don't Explain" (Billie Holiday, Arthur Herzog Jr.) − 8:39
"Dog Walk" − 6:21
"Abstract 3" (Hall, Colley, Mraz) − 5:10
"Bésame Mucho" (Consuelo Velázquez) − 6:14
"Dream Steps" − 4:16
"Abstract 4" (Hall, Colley) − 2:30
"Tango Loco" − 5:29
Personnel
Jim Hall – guitar
Dave Holland (tracks 1 & 6), Christian McBride (tracks 2 & 8), Charlie Haden (tracks 3 & 7), George Mraz (tracks 4, 5, 9 & 13), Scott Colley (tracks 5 & 9-13) –bass
References
Jim Hall (musician) albums
1999 albums
Instrumental albums
Sfințești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Sfințești.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Rivers and Harbors Act of 1965, Title III of , was enacted October 27, 1965, by the 89th United States Congress. The act authorized the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to design and construct numerous navigation and beach erosion projects.
The Flood Control Act of 1965 was also part of (Title II).
Navigation
Sec 305 of the Act authorized 46 navigation projects in Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island, Washington DC, Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Texas, California, Oregon, Washington, and Hawaii.
Beach erosion
The Act authorized 9 beach erosion projects in Rhode Island, New Jersey, South Carolina, Florida, Illinois, and Hawaii.
Surveys
The Act authorized surveys of 19 rivers and bodies of water, including the Great Lakes, Saint Lawrence Seaway and the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway.
Chesapeake Bay
The Act authorized a complete investigation by the Corps of Engineers of the Chesapeake Bay basin in all aspects, to include navigation, fisheries, flood control, aquatic plants, water quality, water supply, beach erosion, and recreation.
Modification of other acts
Modified the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1958 to include a comprehensive program for eradication of noxious aquatic plants.
Changed dates or funding amounts in the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1948, the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1960, and the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1962.
Substantially changed Sec 111 of the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1958 dealing with protection, alteration, relocation, reconstruction, or replacement of existing navigation projects as determined by the Chief of Engineers.
See also
Clean Water Act
Rivers and Harbors Act
Flood Control Act
each of which deal with water resource issues.
References
United States federal environmental legislation
1965 in the environment
1965 in law
The All Saints' massacre () is the name given to the violent crack-down against popular protests by the military coup regime of Alberto Natusch Busch that seized power on November 1 (All Saints' Day), 1979. In response to the November 1 coup, the Central Obrera Boliviana (COB) trade union confederation launched a campaign of mass protests, which were met by violence from the military.
The week after the coup, on November 5–6, 1979, Natusch Busch gave orders to intensify the crack-down. The soldiers of colonel Doria Medina were allowed to act without control in La Paz. Riot control vehicles were sent out into various parts of the city. A helicopter, rented from the U.S. company Groves Limited, was used to shoot down protestors. However, these measures did not prevent the continuation of mass protests. La Paz residents took to the streets, pelting rocks against the armed forces and constructed barricades.
More than 100 people were killed, 204 injured and 20 'disappeared' during the brief existence of the Natusch Busch regime (Dunkerley states that more than 200 were killed, and 125 'disappeared'). The majority of the victims were killed during the days of November 5 and 6, and almost all of them in the city of La Paz. The number of deaths of the two-week-long rule of Natusch Busch is comparable to the seven years of military rule under Hugo Banzer.
Sixteen days after the beginning of the coup, the military regime stepped down as a result of the popular protests. As of 2008, the perpetrators of the killings have not been brought to justice.
References
1979 in Bolivia
Massacres in Bolivia
Political repression in Bolivia
Henry Robinson (11 March 1864 – 24 March 1931) was an Australian cricketer. They played six first-class matches for New South Wales between 1889/90 and 1892/93.
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1864 births
1931 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Cricketers from Sydney
The following outline is an overview of and topical guide to the state of Gujarat in Western India, sometimes called the "Jewel of Western India". It has an area of with a coastline of , most of which lies on the Kathiawar peninsula, and a population in excess of 60 million. It is bordered by Rajasthan to the north, Maharashtra to the south, Madhya Pradesh to the east, and the Arabian Sea and the Pakistani province of Sindh to the west. Its capital city is Gandhinagar, and its largest city is Ahmedabad. Gujarat is home to the Gujarati-speaking people of India.
General reference
Names
Common English name(s): Gujarat
Pronunciation:
Official English name(s): State of Gujarat
Nickname(s):
Adjectival(s): Gujarati
Demonym(s): Gujaratis
Rankings (amongst India's states)
by population: 9th
by area (2011 census): 6th
by crime rate (2015): 14th
by gross domestic product (GDP) (2014): 5th
by Human Development Index (HDI):
by life expectancy at birth:
by literacy rate:
Geography of Gujarat
Geography of Gujarat
Gujarat is: an Indian state
Population of Gujarat:
Area of Gujarat:
Atlas of Gujarat
Location of Gujarat
Gujarat is situated within the following regions:
Northern Hemisphere
Eastern Hemisphere
Eurasia
Asia
South Asia
India
Western India
Time zone: Indian Standard Time (UTC+05:30)
Environment of Gujarat
Environment of Gujarat
Climate of Gujarat
Protected areas of Gujarat
National parks and wildlife sanctuaries of Gujarat
Wildlife of Gujarat
Fauna of Gujarat
Butterflies of Gujarat
Natural geographic features of Gujarat
Landforms of Gujarat
Bodies of water of Gujarat
Rivers of Gujarat
Narmada River
Sabarmati River
Tapti River
Aji River
Mahi River
River Ghela
Rukmavati River
Vishwamitri River
West Banas River
Daman Ganga River
Waterfalls of Gujarat
Hills in Gujarat
Chotila
Pavagadh Hill
Palitana
Saputara
Girnar
Mountain ranges in Gujarat
Vindhya
Satpura range
Aravali range
Regions of Gujarat
Regions of Gujarat
Central Gujarat
East Gujarat
South Gujarat
North Gujarat
Administrative divisions of Gujarat
Districts of Gujarat
Districts of Gujarat
Municipalities of Gujarat
Municipalities of Gujarat
Capital of Gujarat: Capital of Gujarat
Cities of Gujarat
Cities in Gujarat by population
Demography of Gujarat
Demographics of Gujarat
Government and politics of Gujarat
Government of Gujarat
Form of government: Indian state government (parliamentary system of representative democracy)
Capital of Gujarat: Capital of Gujarat
Elections in Gujarat
(specific elections)
Political families of Gujarat
Union government in Gujarat
Rajya Sabha members from Gujarat
Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee
Indian general election, 2009 (Gujarat)
Indian general election, 2014 (Gujarat)
Branches of the government of Gujarat
Government of Gujarat
Executive branch of the government of Gujarat
Head of state: Governor of Gujarat,
Head of government: Chief Minister of Gujarat,
Council of Ministers of Gujarat
Departments and agencies of Gujarat
Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation
Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation
Gujarat Pollution Control Board
Gujarat State Wide Area Network
Gujarat State Financial Corporation
Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation
Legislative branch of the government of Gujarat
Gujarat Legislative Assembly
Constituencies of Gujarat Legislative Assembly
Leader of Opposition in Gujarat Vidhansabha
Judicial branch of the government of Gujarat
Gujarat High Court
Chief Justice of Gujarat
Law and order in Gujarat
Law of Gujarat
Law enforcement in Gujarat
Gujarat Police
Gujarat Marine Police
History of Gujarat
History of Gujarat
History of Gujarat, by period
Prehistoric Gujarat
Ancient Gujarat
Medieval Gujarat
Gujarat Sultanate
Rana Sanga's invasion of Gujarat
Colonial Gujarat
History of Gujarat, by region
History of Gujarat, by subject
History of stepwells in Gujarat
Culture of Gujarat
Culture of Gujarat
Architecture of Gujarat
Forts in Gujarat
Cuisine of Gujarat
Languages of Gujarat
Monuments in Gujarat
Monuments of National Importance in Gujarat
State Protected Monuments in Gujarat
World Heritage Sites in Gujarat
Art in Gujarat
Music of Gujarat
People of Gujarat
People of Gujarat
Pathans of Gujarat
People from Gujarat
Religion in Gujarat
Religion in Gujarat
Christianity in Gujarat
Hinduism in Gujarat
Sports in Gujarat
Sports in Gujarat
Cricket in Gujarat
Gujarat Cricket Association
Gujarat cricket team
Football in Gujarat
Gujarat State Football Association
Gujarat Premier Hockey League
Symbols of Gujarat
Symbols of Gujarat
State animal:lion
State bird:Surkhab
State flower:Marigold
State seal: Seal of Gujarat
State tree:Banayan
Economy and infrastructure of Gujarat
Economy of Gujarat
Communications of Gujarat
Newspapers in Gujarat
Gujarat Samachar
Conglomerates in Gujarat
Currency of Gujarat:
Tourism in Gujarat
Transportation in Gujarat
List of state highways in Gujarat
Education in Gujarat
Education in Gujarat
Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board
Institutions of higher education in Gujarat
Central University of Gujarat
Gujarat University
Gujarat Technological University
Health in Gujarat
Health in Gujarat
See also
Outline of India
References
External links
Gujarat Government Website
Map of Gujarat by MapsofIndia.com
Gujarati Songs by Gaana.com
Gujarat
Gujarat
The Heritage Academy is a private institute located in Anandapur, Kolkata (Calcutta) near the East Kolkata Township, in West Bengal, India in the same campus where the Heritage Institute of Technology, Kolkata and the Heritage School lies. It is affiliated to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology, West Bengal (formerly known as West Bengal University of Technology), Kolkata (WBUT).
Academics
The Heritage Academy provides technical education in management and technology in all technical and theoretical aspects in 3-year, full-time programs in Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) honours, Bachelor of Media Science (BMS) honours and Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) honours.
Events
The Heritage Academy facilitates quite a few fests and educational events.
Epignosis is an inter college fest organized by The Heritage Academy. It was first started in 2019 and included a lot of sporting, cultural and technological events.
Heritage Academy Film Festival (HAFF) is the official film festival of The Heritage Academy and is organized by the Media science department of The Heritage Academy.
Ad Adda is an "Advertising, Entertainment, and Public Relations" fest organized by the Media science department of The Heritage Academy.
Features
The Heritage Academy is known for its good education and placements.
See also
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2007
Universities and colleges in Kolkata
2007 establishments in West Bengal
Black-headed batis may refer to:
Eastern black-headed batis (Batis minor), found in eastern Africa
Western black-headed batis (Batis erlangeri), found in central Africa
Birds by common name
The 1967–68 season was the 12th season of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto. Real Madrid won the title.
Teams and venues
League table
Relegation playoffs
|}
Stats Leaders
Points
References
ACB.com
Linguasport
Liga Española de Baloncesto (1957–1983) seasons
Spanish
Seyyedabad-e Bar Madan (, also Romanized as Seyyedābād-e Bār Ma‘dan; also known as Seyyedābād) is a village in Binalud Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 301, in 74 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Bruce Tammen (born 14 June 1950) is an American conductor, choir director, and singer.
Education and career
Tammen holds degrees from Luther College, Northwestern University, and the University of Chicago and has taught voice and directed choirs at Luther College, the University of Chicago and area, and the University of Virginia. Tammen studied extensively in France with Dalton Baldwin and Gerard Souzay, and for several years studied with Max van Egmond at Oberlin's Baroque Performance Institute. They have performed several seasons under Helmuth Rilling at the Oregon Bach Festival, and with the Robert Shaw Choral Institute, in Souillac, France. Tammen is baritone soloist on the Telarc/Shaw compact discs Appear and Inspire and Liebeslieder Waltzes. The Chicago Chorale, conducted by Tammen, received the top performance of the year by the Chicago Classical Review with a performance of Rodion Shchedrin's "The Sealed Angel.
Bruce Tammen is married to Esther Menn. They have three sons; Joseph, Elijah, and Daniel Tammen, as well as a daughter Kaia Tammen.  They are the uncle of William Carl Geisz and Joseph Kelly Geisz the son of John Geisz.
Positions held
Chicago Chorale; Conductor
Virginia Glee Club; Conductor (1996–2001)
Oregon Bach Festival; Vocalist
CMAC: The University of Chicago Glee Club; Conductor
External links
https://www.chicagochorale.org/blog/category/Bruce+Tammen
http://voyagechicago.com/interview/meet-bruce-tammen-chicago-chorale-hyde-park-south-side/
References
American male conductors (music)
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Luther College (Iowa) alumni
Northwestern University alumni
University of Chicago alumni
21st-century American conductors (music)
21st-century American male musicians
Ryu Hwa-young (born April 22, 1993), better known by the mononym Hwayoung, is a South Korean actor and singer.  They are a former member of South Korean girl group T-ara.
Biography
Ryu Hwa-young was born on April 22, 1993 in Gwangju, South Korea. Them older twin sister, Ryu Hyo-young, is also a rapper and former member of the group Coed School and its sub-group F-ve Dolls.
Ryu Hyo-young and Ryu Hwa-young made a guest appearance on SBS's variety show Star King in May 2010. They were both subsequently scouted and recruited by Core Contents Media.
Career
2010–2012: T-ara and solo activities
Core Contents Media originally slated to add Ryu Hyo-young into T-ara as the seventh member, but they recommended their twin sister, Ryu Hwa-young. In July 2010, it was announced that Ryu Hwa-young would be added into T-ara as lead rapper while their sister would be debuting in the newly formed Coed School. They began promotions as part of T-ara in November 2010 by appearing on the third season of Hello Baby and promoting their first mini album Temptastic. T-ara held their first performance with Ryu on December 3, through KBS's Music Bank. During their time in the group, they participated in the collaboration between Davichi and T-ara for "We Were In Love" () in December 2011. They also participated in the writing of the rap lyrics of "Love is All the Same" () by fellow labelmate Yangpa.
On July 30, 2012, it was revealed Ryu would no longer be a member of T-ara. Despite rumours of a possible return to T-ara, Ryu announced that they would be returning to the music industry with a new image. On September 10, Ryu later participated in the hip-hop and rap event "Open Freestyle Day 2012", announcing that they were looking forward to studying music and eventually returning to the industry.
2014–present: Acting career
On December 15, it was announced that Ryu signed an exclusive contract with Wellmade Yedang and was preparing to debut as an actor. On December 31, Ryu made an appearance at the "2014 Miller Countdown Party" as a DJ, alongside DJ Koo, Park Myung-soo and TATA, becoming the youngest female DJ to ever participate in the event.
Ryu debuted as an actor in the two-episode drama special Mother's Choice. They successfully made a transition into acting after receiving praise for their roles in tvN's romantic comedy Ex-Girlfriends' Club and JTBC's coming-of-age drama Hello, My Twenties!. In 2017, they were a part of the ensemble cast for weekend drama My Father is Strange. They were then cast in their first leading role in KBS's crime drama Mad Dog.
On June 24, 2020, it was announced that Ryu signed a new contract with Polaris Entertainment.Later on September 13, 2021, Ryu terminated their contract with Polaris Entertainment.
On December 9, 2021, Ryu signed a contract with Never Die Entertainment.
Controversies
Inkigayo Wardrobe malfunction scandal
Bullying and legal issues
On July 28, 2012, several members of T-ara posted tweets that were purportedly seen to be derisive references to Ryu. An official announcement regarding these tweets and a "major announcement about T-ara" was made July 30, which revealed Ryu would no longer be a member of the group. Following the announcement of their abrupt contract termination with Core Contents Media, rumors of their experiencing severe bullying by other members of T-ara surfaced throughout the web and the media, which sparked intensive public interest and controversy. Some members of the public strongly believed that Ryu was mistreated by the other members of T-ara and their agency, and an outcry by T-ara's fan community led to the scheduling of a shut down, as well as the suspension of the members' activities, resulting in a huge blow to the group's popularity.
In 2017, a former T-ara staff member claimed that Ryu and their sister Ryu Hyo-young were the actual bullies in the scandal that plagued T-ara in 2012. Soon afterwards, more staffers came forwards with accounts that Ryu had been disrespectful to the other members as well as stylists, and claimed they had faked how severe an injury was in order to get more sympathy. Ryu initially denied the rumors, but later admitted parts were true. Following intense backlash, including a flood of negative messages on their social media and a reduction of their role in Hello, My Twenties! 2 to a cameo, Ryu deleted their Instagram account.
Discography
Filmography
Film
Television series
Variety show
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Gwangju
MBK Entertainment artists
Twin people from South Korea
Twin musicians
South Korean women pop singers
South Korean film actores
South Korean television actores
South Korean television personalities
South Korean female idols
Japanese-language singers of South Korea
T-ara members
K-pop singers
Marie-Thérèse de France may refer to:
Princess Marie-Thérèse of France (1667 – 1672) - eldest surviving daughter of Louis XIV and Infanta María Teresa of Spain; known as la Petite Madame
Princess Marie-Thérèse of France (1746 – 1748) - first child of Louis, Dauphin of France and Infanta Maria Teresa Rafaela of Spain
Marie-Thérèse-Charlotte of France (1778 – 1851) - the eldest daughter of Louis XVI of France and their wife Marie Antoinette; married Louis-Antoine, Duke of Angoulême
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1657.
Events
January – Madame de la Fayette returns to Paris, where they are introduced to, and becomes friends with, Madame de Sévigné.
March 2 – The Great Fire of Meireki in Edo, Japan, burns down the city's theatres, forcing actors to move to Osaka.
New books
Prose
"William Allen" – Killing No Murder (variously attributed to Colonel Silius Titus, Edward Sexby or William Allen, an English Republican; Sexby admits authorship under duress)
Cave Beck – The Universal Character
Theodore Haak (translator) – The Dutch Annotations Upon the Whole Bible (original 1637)
Li Yu (probable author) – The Carnal Prayer Mat (published 1693)
Richard Ligon – A True and Exact History of the Island of Barbadoes
Jeremy Taylor – Discourse of the Nature, Offices and Measures of Friendship
Brian Walton, Bishop of Chester – Polyglot Bible
Baltasar Gracián – El criticón (third part)
François Hédelin, abbé d'Aubignac – Pratique du théâtre
Cyrano de Bergerac (posthumous) – L'Autre Monde: ou les États et Empires de la Lune (Comical History of the States and Empires of the Moon)
Christiaan Huygens – De ratiociniis in ludo aleae
Nihon Ōdai Ichiran (日本王代一覧, Table of the Rulers of Japan)
Paul Scarron – Roman comique (Comic romance, publication concluded)
Children
Les Jeux et plaisirs de l'enfance
Drama
Anonymous – Lust's Dominion (published, falsely attributed in some impressions to Marlowe; probably by Dekker and others, written c.1600)
Richard Brome – The Queen's Exchange (published)
Sir Aston Cockayne – The Obstinate Lady (published)
Lodowick Carlell
The Fool Would be a Favorite, or The Discreet Lover (published)
The Tragedy of Osmond the Great Turk, or the Noble Servant (published)
George Gerbier d'Ouvilly – The False Favourite Disgraced, and the Reward of Loyalty (published)
Franciscus van den Enden – Philedonius
Andreas Gryphius – Katharina von Georgien
Thomas Jordan – Fancy's Festivals (masque) (published)
Thomas Middleton (died 1627)
No Wit, No Help Like a Woman's (published)
Two New Plays; first publication of Women Beware Women and More Dissemblers Besides Women
Poetry
William Davenant – Poems on Several Occasions
Angelus Silesius – Heilige Seelenlust (collection of hymns)
Births
February 11 – Bernard le Bovier de Fontenelle French author (died 1757)
March 24 – Arai Hakuseki, Japanese scholar-bureaucrat and writer (died 1725)
November 26 – William Derham, English natural philosopher and cleric (died 1735)
unknown date – Matthew Tindal, English deist writer (died 1733)
Deaths
March 7 – Hayashi Razan (林羅山), Japanese philosopher (born 1583)
April ? – Richard Lovelace, English Cavalier poet (born 1617)
August 29 – John Lilburne, English writer and agitator (born c. 1614)
November 18 – Luke Wadding, Irish historian (born 1588)
November 19 – Théodore Tronchin, Swiss theologian (born 1582)
unknown dates
Junije Palmotić, Ragusan (Dubrovnik) dramatist and poet (born c. 1606)
Thomas Tuke, English controversialist and cleric (born c. 1580)
probable – Thomas Bayly, English religious controversialist (born early 17th century)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Tsalada () is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 207 as of 2010.
Geography
Tsalada is located 42 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kunada River. Gazilala and Kuyada are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Peddur may refer to:
Pedduru, Kadapa district, a village in Kadapa district, Andhra Pradesh, India
Peddur, Mahabubnagar district, a village in Mahabubnagar district, Telangana, India
Pedduri, is a surname of some people living in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
Tall Betsy is a cultural Halloween icon originating in Bradley County, Tennessee, United States. Tall Betsy was declared the "Official Halloween Goblin" of Bradley County in 1989.
Origins
Allan Jones, a Cleveland, Tennessee entrepreneur and philanthropist best known as the founder of national payday lender Check Into Cash, capitalized on the Tall Betsy character in 1980.
Jones based the character on stories (local folklore) that were told to their mother, Virginia Slaughter Jones, by their mother, Marie Schultz Slaughter. Virginia and other Cleveland children being raised during the 1930s were told by their parents that if they failed to come home before dark they would likely encounter Tall Betsy, sometimes called Black Betsy or simply "The Lady in Black."
Tall Betsy last appeared in 1998 after drawing a Halloween crowd of 25,000, although no explanation was ever given for the goblin's disappearance. Jones later told a reporter that while the goblin may have vanished, their spirit is embedded in the hearts and minds of the Cleveland residents who saw Tall Betsy during the eighteen years from 1980 to 1998.
The 2005 Block Party was dedicated in honor of Tall Betsy's 25th anniversary. The Block Party drew the largest crowd in the event's history. Jones arranged for nationally recognized celebrities such as the cast of Tiny betsy lurks on and Little Richard to entertain the more than 30,000 attendees. In 2014, Jones' son, Bailey, assumed the identity of Tall Betsy and has appeared as the goblin each year since at the Halloween Block Party.
Recognition
On May 24, 1989, the Tennessee legislature declared Tall Betsy as "the official Halloween goblin of Bradley County".
In 2011 Tall Betsy was the subject of a documentary by Zac Adams. It was narrated by Lyn Hoffman, host of A&E's popular "Private Sessions."
References
Cultural history of the United States
Tennessee culture
Halloween
Cleveland, Tennessee
Fenerbahçe Table Tennis is the men's and women's table tennis department of Fenerbahçe S.K., a major Turkish multi-sport club based in Istanbul, Turkey. The table tennis section of Fenerbahçe, which was founded in 1928, is the most successful in Turkey and one of the best in Europe, with the men's team having won the Turkish Super League 4 times and the Turkish Cup 11 times, among others. They were also ETTU Cup runners-up in the 2007–08 season, the best achievement for any Turkish team in European competitions so far. In the 2009–10 season they also reached the quarter-finals.
The women's team reached the European Champions League final in two consecutive seasons, in 2013–14 and 2014–15, being the first and only Turkish club that ever played in a Champions League Final, and they eventually won the Champions League title in 2015, thus achieving the first and only Triple Crown ever for a Turkish team. Furthermore, the second-tier ETTU Cup was won two times in a row, in 2011–12 and 2012–13, which is also a Turkish record. Throughout the years they dominated Turkish table tennis by winning the Turkish Super League a record 12 times and a record 13 Turkish Cups, among others.
Fenerbahçe Table Tennis players used to train in the Dereağzı Facilities.
The teams play their home games in the Ülker Sports Arena with a capacity of 12,500, which opened in 2012.
Honours (Men)
European competitions
ETTU Cup
Runners-up (1): 2007–08
National competitions
Turkish Super League
Winners (4): 2006–07, 2007–08, 2008–09, 2015–16
Runners-up (8): 1985–86, 1987–88, 2001–02, 2005–06, 2011–12, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15
Turkish Cup
Winners (11) (shared-record): 1964, 1968, 1970, 1972, 1979, 1983, 2005–06, 2006–07, 2008–09, 2011–12, 2014–15
Runners-up (9): 1971, 1974, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1983–84, 1984–85, 2007–08, 2015–16
Regional competitions
Istanbul Championship
Winners (23) (record): 1930, 1948, 1949, 1950, 1951, 1952, 1953, 1962, 1963, 1964, 1965, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1973, 1978, 1979, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 2002
Honours (Women)
European competitions
European Champions League
Winners (1): 2014–15
Runners-up (1): 2013–14
ETTU Cup
Winners (2): 2011–12, 2012–13
Triple Crown
Winners (1): 2014–15
National competitions
Turkish Super League
Winners (12) (record): 1998–99, 1999–2000, 2000–01, 2001–02, 2007–08, 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15, 2015–16
Runners-up (4): 2002–03, 2005–06, 2006–07, 2008–09
Turkish Cup
Winners (13) (record): 1968, 1998–99, 1999–2000, 2000–01, 2001–02, 2006–07, 2007–08, 2008–09, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2012–13, 2013–14, 2014–15
Regional competitions
Istanbul Championship
Winners (11): 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967, 1968, 1970, 1976, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002
Technical and managerial staff
Current squads
References
External links
Official website
Fenerbahçe Table Tennis site
Table Tennis
Sport in Istanbul
Table tennis in Turkey
1928 establishments in Turkey
Sudoku Mania is a 2006 sudoku puzzle game developed by Frontline Studios and published by UFO Interactive Games. Released on June 30, 2006, Sudoku Mania received "generally unfavorable" reviews from critics, having a score of 25 out of 100 on review aggregator Metacritic. Critics criticized the game's controls for being "disappointingly" "simplistic" and "obtuse".
Gameplay
Sudoku Mania gameplay is identical to that of the number-placement puzzle sudoku; players have to fill a 9×9 grid with numbers; however, no line or 3×3 box can feature multiple of the same number. The game is primarily controlled using the Nintendo DS' d-pad. The game's puzzles are randomly-generated and are divided into 4 different difficulty levels: simple, easy, medium, and hard. The game allows players to write down notes and possible solutions and has an optional "auto-solve" feature, which will automatically solve a puzzle. Two other modes are also included in the game: one where the player fills the grid with symbols, rather than numbers, and a local multiplayer mode, where two players take turns filling the grid, with the player who entered the most correct numbers winning.
Development and release
Sudoku Mania was developed by the Frontline Studios, located in Poland and the United States. The California-based UFO Interactive Games published the game.
Sudoku Mania was originally intended to release on June 23, 2006, in North America; however, it was delayed to June 30.
Reception
Sudoku Mania received "generally unfavorable" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic. On the aggregator, the game has a score of 25/100, based on 4 reviews. Critics criticized the game's controls; GameZone stated that the controls were "obtuse" and "counteractive" to the game's marketing, which advertised that the game had an "easy-to-use" touchscreen control scheme; IGN called the game's user interface "simplistic" and, when in comparison with other sudoku games on the Nintendo DS, "disappointing".
Chris Oder, in a review for GameZone, called Sudoku Mania a "fad cash-in", stating that there are better alternatives to the game on the Nintendo DS, even if players are fans of sudoku. Oder rated the game's gameplay 3.5/10, stating that Sudoku Mania was one of the few times where a developer had messed-up a sudoku video game. Oder criticized the graphics due to the game's background and called the game's soundtrack "awful", and suggested that players should play Sudoku Mania with volume turned off. Oder was more positive towards the game's concept, rating it 6.1/10; Oder praised the game's randomly-generating puzzles for being unique.
Craig Harris of IGN stated that, even if it was the only sudoku game on the Nintendo DS, it'd be hard to recommend Sudoku Mania, stating that players should "stock-up" on paperback versions of sudoku, rather than playing Sudoku Mania. Harris called the game even worse when in comparison with other sudoku games on the Nintendo DS. Alike Oder, Harris was positive towards the game's concept of having randomly-generated puzzles, but criticized its execution, calling it "rudimentary" and noting how some puzzles could be solved in a "snap" due to their easiness.
Gracie Leach of AllGame noted how Sudoku Mania has similarities with Hudson Soft's Sudoku Gridmaster, another sudoku puzzle game on the Nintendo DS.
Notes
References
2006 video games
Nintendo DS games
Puzzle video games
Single-player video games
Multiplayer video games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games developed in Poland
Sudoku video games
The Abilene Christian Wildcats softball team represents Abilene Christian University, located in Abilene, Texas. The Wildcats are a member of the Western Athletic Conference and participate in Division I college softball. The team is currently led by head coach Abigail Farler and plays home games at Poly Wells Field. In its inaugural 1997 season, the Wildcats finished with a remarkable #4 South Central Regional ranking and a #12 NCAA II ranking in March 1998.
Year-by-year results
Source:
References
External links
Website
Charles Cecil Shanklin Jr. (September 3, 1921 – August 19, 2006) was an American professional basketball player. They played for the Oshkosh All-Stars in the National Basketball League during the 1944–45 season and averaged 3.2 points per game.
Shanklin also played minor league baseball. They competed for the Zanesville Cubs (1942), Lockport Cubs (1943), Kansas City Blues (1944), and the Little Rock Travelers (1945).
References
1921 births
2006 deaths
American men's basketball players
Baseball players from Indianapolis
Basketball players from Indianapolis
Guards (basketball)
Kansas City Blues (baseball) players
Little Rock Travelers players
Lockport Cubs players
Oshkosh All-Stars players
Zanesville Cubs players
Tarucus kulala, the Turkana Pierrot, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Somalia (Ogaden) and northern Kenya.
Adults have been recorded feeding from the flowers of Loewia tanaensis.
The larvae probably feed on Ziziphus species.
References
Butterflies described in 1955
Tarucus
The 2012 French Road Cycling Cup was the 21st edition of the French Road Cycling Cup and was won by Samuel Dumoulin.
Compared to the previous edition, two new events were added to the calendar, namely the Classic Loire Atlantique and the Route Adélie. The defending champion from 2011 was Tony Gallopin.
Events
Final standings
Individual
Note: only French riders and riders of French teams are eligible to score points
Team
Note: only French teams are eligible to score points
External links
Official website
French Road Cycling Cup
French Road Cycling Cup
2012 in French sport
Sizzy (sometimes stylized as SIZZY, formerly known as SISSY) is a Thai girl group formed by GMMTV in 2019. It is composed of four of GMMTV's female artists, namely Ployshompoo Supasap (Jan), Ramida Jiranorraphat (Jane), Apichaya Saejung (Ciize), and Sarunchana Apisamaimongkol (Aye).
History
2019
GMMTV first teased the formation of a new girl group on 28 October 2019. Originally named as SISSY, GMMTV tapped four of its female artists to form part of its new girl group. Ramida Jiranorraphat (Jane) played lead roles in Teenage Mom: The Series, The Gifted and Love Beyond Frontier while Ployshompoo Supasap (Jan) had supporting roles for SOTUS S: The Series and Happy Birthday. On the other hand, Sarunchana Apisamaimongkol (Aye) is known for their main role in Friend Zone. Completing the group is Apichaya Saejung (Ciize) who was part of YOUniverse.
The group officially debuted on 5 November 2019 with the release of the first single, "ชักช้า(เอิงเอย)" (Loading Love), which features fellow GMMTV artist Luke Plowden.
2020–present
Several months since the group launched its first single, GMMTV teased a new single for the group, and the first under the name SIZZY. On 5 August 2020, their second single "เปลี่ยนคะแนนเป็นแฟนได้ไหม" (Love Score) was released featuring fellow GMMTV artist Korapat Kirdpan (Nanon).
Members
Discography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
GMMTV
Thai girl groups
GMMTV artists
Musical quartets
2019 establishments in Thailand
Musical groups from Bangkok
Musical groups established in 2019
Loch Tilt is a small mountain freshwater loch that sits at the end of Glen Tilt and is located in north-east Perth and Kinross, Scotland. Loch Tilt has a north to south orientation. Loch Tilt is located 10 miles southwest of Braemar.
References
Tilt
Tilt
Tay catchment
Bruce Rudroff (born May 11, 1955 in Jefferson City, Missouri) was a U.S. soccer defender. Rudroff played three seasons in the North American Soccer League and four in the Major Indoor Soccer League. They also earned two caps with the U.S. national team.
College
Rudroff attended St. Louis University where they played on the men's soccer team from 1973 to 1976. The Billikens won the 1973 NCAA Men's Soccer Championship and Rudroff was a third team All American in 1974. They were inducted into the Billikens Athletic Hall of Fame in 1995.
Professional
The Seattle Sounders of the North American Soccer League (NASL) drafted Rudroff in the first round of the 1977 College Draft. While they spent most of 1977 with the Sounders reserve team, they did see time in nine first team games after Mel Machin was injured. Their time with the Sounders peaked in 1978 with twenty-three games, but they played only four in 1979. Following the season, the Sounders traded them and Tommy Ord to the Tulsa Roughnecks in exchange for Jack Brand, Roger Davies and David Nish. Rudroff did not sign with the Roughnecks, but with the Hartford Hellions of the Major Indoor Soccer League. When the Hellions moved to Memphis in 1981, Rudroff went with the team, which was renamed the Memphis Americans.
National team
Rudroff earned two caps with the U.S. national team. Both came in losses to the USSR. The first was a 3-1 loss on February 3, 1979. The second was a 4-1 loss on February 11, 1979.
References
External links
1977 newspaper article
NASL/MISL stats
American soccer players
Hartford Hellions players
Living people
Major Indoor Soccer League (1978–1992) players
Memphis Americans players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) indoor players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer players
Seattle Sounders (1974–1983) players
United States men's international soccer players
1955 births
Tulsa Roughnecks (1978–1984) players
Association football defenders
Rhigospira is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1878 by John Miers. The species, Rhigospira quadrangularis was first described as Ambelania quadrangularis by Johannes Müller Argoviensis in 1860 but was transferred to the genus, Rhigospira, in 1878 by John Miers. The genus contains only one known species, Rhigospira quadrangularis, native to northwestern South America (Colombia, Venezuela, Peru, NW Brazil).
formerly placed in the genus
Rhigospira paucifolia (Müll.Arg.) Miers = Macoubea guianensis Aubl.
Rhigospira reticulata (A.DC.) Miers = Macoubea guianensis Aubl.
Rhigospira sinuosa Miers = Macoubea guianensis Aubl.
Rhigospira sprucei (Müll.Arg.) Miers = Macoubea sprucei (Müll.Arg.) Markgr.
Rhigospira ternstroemiacea (Müll.Arg.) Miers = Neocouma ternstroemiacea (Müll.Arg.) Pierre
Rhigospira venulosa Miers = Spongiosperma macrophyllum (Müll.Arg.) Zarucchi
References
Flora of South America
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Rauvolfioideae
Plants described in 1860
Elektromis was a Poznań holding dealing in wholesale trade, sold in 1995 to Jerónimo Martins.
The company was founded in 1987 by Mariusz Świtalski. The first warehouses began operations in 1990. In a short time, Elektromis became the largest wholesale network in Poland.
Between 1994-2002, a lawsuit was filed in the area of customs fraud and illegal trade in Elektromis, resulting in a conviction of four out of thirteen defendants.
References
Polish brands
Supermarkets of Poland
The Essential Van Morrison is a two-disc compilation album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison, released on August 28, 2015. It is part of Sony BMG's Essential series of compilation albums and includes tracks from Morrison's solo output, as well as tracks from their days with Them. The tracks consist of some of Morrison's biggest hits and popular album tracks from 1964 as leader of the Northern Irish band Them through their 2009 release Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl. The liner notes were contributed by David Fricke.
Reception
The Green Man Review says that the Northern Irish singer and songwriter has spent the past 50 years fusing American jazz, pop, blues, soul and rhythm & blues with Anglo-Irish folk music to create something that's been dubbed Celtic Soul. The Essential is a two-disc, 37-track collection from Sony Legacy celebrates that half-century of song, as part of a huge new reissue project.
Vintage Rock says that with the Essential Van Morrison is a double-disc,
37-track career-spanning anthology that kicks things off in grand style as a thorough introduction to Van Morrison. It all starts with those early Them nuggets like "Gloria" and "Here Comes The Night" before moving onto to Morrsion's first solo hit "Brown Eyed Girl." Of course, "Astral Weeks," the title track of their second solo album changed the game entirely, leading to a career of musical exploration that transcends those early R&B and pop flavorings to more organic strains of country music, jazz, Celtic folk and rock.
Roz Milner from Bearded Gentlemen Music says:
Track listing
Disc one
Disc two
Personnel
Van Morrison – vocals, guitar, harmonica, production, rhythm guitar, tambourine, backing vocals
Al Gorgoni and Hugh McCracken – guitars
Eric Gale – bass
Gary Chester – drums
Paul Griffin – piano
Garry Sherman – conductor, organ, actual arranger, musical supervisor
The Sweet Inspirations – back-up vocals for "Brown Eyed Girl"
Jay Berliner – classical and steel-string acoustic guitars
Richard Davis – double bass
Warren Smith Jr. – percussion, vibraphone
Connie Kay – drums
Barry Kornfeld – acoustic guitar on "The Way Young Lovers Do"
Them
Peter Bardens – keyboards, organ (track 1)
Billy Harrison – guitar (track 1)
Alan Henderson – bass (track 1)
John McAuley – drums, piano, harmonica (track 1)
Charts
Release history
Certifications
Notes
References
Van Morrison compilation albums
2015 compilation albums
Sony Music compilation albums
Legacy Recordings compilation albums
Albums produced by Dick Rowe
Albums produced by Lewis Merenstein
Albums produced by Van Morrison
Albums produced by Ted Templeman
The mangrove whistler (Pachycephala cinerea) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae found in South-east Asia.
Taxonomy and systematics
Alternate names for the mangrove whistler include the grey thickhead and white-bellied whistler. The latter name should not be confused with the species of the same name, Pachycephala leucogastra. Formerly, both the green-backed and white-vented whistlers were considered to be subspecies of the mangrove whistler.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
P. c. cinerea – (Blyth, 1847): Found from northeastern India to Indochina and the Greater Sundas
Palawan thickhead (P. c. plateni), or Palawan whistler – (Blasius, W, 1888): Originally described as a separate species. Found in Palawan (Philippines)
References
mangrove whistler
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Southeast Asia
mangrove whistler
mangrove whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Polyortha atroperla is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Costa Rica.
References
Moths described in 1980
Polyortha
Moths of Central America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
is a side-scrolling platform game originally released in 1987 as a coin-operated arcade game.
Home computer versions were released in Europe by U.S. Gold for the Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, DOS and ZX Spectrum. An alternate version for the Commodore 64 was released in the United States by Capcom who also published an Amiga 500 port of the game in that region.
A remade version for the PC Engine/TurboGrafx 16 was released in 1990 in Japan and North America.
The original arcade game is included in Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox.
Plot
In Tiger Road, the player is placed in the shoes of a master of the Tiger Technique of Oh-Lin. Before the start of the game, the main character has been attacked by the warriors of the Dragon God, their sworn rivals. Their soldiers have been killed, their secrets have been stolen, and the children studying Oh-Lin have been kidnapped. To win the game, the player must retrieve the stolen scrolls so that they can use the Double-Headed Tiger Fighting Technique to defeat the Dragon God, rescue the children, and reclaim their power.
Regional differences
The Japanese arcade release has additional sound hardware, allowing the game to play digital samples using an additional Z80 and MSM5205 digital sound chip.
The World and USA releases had this removed, and these releases do not play any samples, lowering the production cost of the PCB.
Reception
In Japan, Game Machine listed Tiger Road on their January 1, 1988 issue as being the eighth most-successful table arcade unit of the month. The game was reviewed in 1990 in Dragon #156 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 4 out of 5 stars.
References
External links
Tiger Road at IGN
Tiger Road Strategy Guide (TurboGrafx-16) at TurboPlay Magazine Archives
1987 video games
Action video games
Arcade video games
Capcom games
Commodore 64 games
DOS games
Amiga games
Amstrad CPC games
Atari ST games
Romstar games
TurboGrafx-16 games
U.S. Gold games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Harumi Fujita
ZX Spectrum games
Video games scored by Tamayo Kawamoto
Lee Chin Cheh () is a Malaysian politician and the former Selangor state assemblyman of the Kajang seat. They became infamous for vacating their seat at Kajang on 27 January 2014.
Kajang Move
In the general elections in 2013, they won by a majority of 6,824 votes against 5 other candidates .
The first stage of the "Kajang Move" was a by-election held for the Selangor State Assembly seat of Kajang on 23 March 2014. The seat was vacated after the incumbent PKR assemblyman, Lee Chin Cheh resigned on 27 January 2014. Lee had won the seat by a majority of 6,824 votes, against five other candidates, in the 2013 election.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
People's Justice Party (Malaysia) politicians
Members of the Selangor State Legislative Assembly
Paradoris imperfecta is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 2001
Treaty of Brno may refer to:
Treaty of Brno (1478)
Treaty of Brno (1920)
Hardwick is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kings County, California, United States. It is part of the Hanford–Corcoran Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 138 at the 2010 Census. The village is located northwest of Hanford, at an elevation of .
Hardwick is in the San Joaquin Valley on Excelsior Avenue between 14th and 15th Avenues. The Kings River runs north of the community. Its ZIP Code is 93230 and the community is inside area code 559.
The Kings County Fire Department operates a fire station in Hardwick.
The community is located in the Kings River-Hardwick School District.
History
Hardwick was named to commemorate an official of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
A post office was established in Hardwick in 1895, discontinued in 1904, reestablished in 1909, and finally permanently closed in 1942. Subsequently, the community has been served by the post office located in Hanford.
The first school in the community was moved from the then-fading town of Kingston. Another schoolhouse was reportedly built in 1893. Subsequently, a new school was constructed in 1914 and operated until the Hardwick and Kings River schools unified in 1962. The present fire station is located on the site of that school.
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Hardwick had a population of 138. The population density was . The racial makeup of Hardwick was 63 (45.7%) White, 5 (3.6%) African American, 0 (0.0%) Native American, 0 (0.0%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 67 (48.6%) from other races, and 3 (2.2%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 86 persons (62.3%).
The Census reported that 137 people (99.3% of the population) lived in households, 1 (0.7%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 34 households, out of which 20 (58.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 21 (61.8%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 2 (5.9%) had a female householder with no husband present, 4 (11.8%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 4 (11.8%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 1 (2.9%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 6 households (17.6%) were made up of individuals, and 3 (8.8%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 4.03. There were 27 families (79.4% of all households); the average family size was 4.56.
The population was spread out, with 52 people (37.7%) under the age of 18, 16 people (11.6%) aged 18 to 24, 29 people (21.0%) aged 25 to 44, 27 people (19.6%) aged 45 to 64, and 14 people (10.1%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 25.5 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 115.0 males.
There were 37 housing units at an average density of , of which 18 (52.9%) were owner-occupied, and 16 (47.1%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0%; the rental vacancy rate was 5.9%. 63 people (45.7% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 74 people (53.6%) lived in rental housing units.
References
External links
Kings River-Hardwick School District
Census-designated places in Kings County, California
Census-designated places in California
Höfler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Konstantin von Höfler, German historian
Otto Höfler (1901–1987), Austrian scholar of German studies
See also
Hoefler (disambiguation)
Samuel Akpabot (3 October 1932 – 7 August 2000) was a Nigerian music composer, ethnomusicologist and author.
Early life and education
Samuel Ekpe Akpabot was born in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State, Nigeria, to parents of Ibibio heritage. They were educated at Baptist Academy and King's College, Lagos; at the latter, they were classmates with Emeka Ojukwu, Lateef Jakande and Alex Ekwueme. During their time at King's College, they took up playing football, becoming captain of the college's team in their senior year. From King's College, they proceeded to work as a sports journalist with the Daily Times. Their love for football continued in the 1980s as a sports columnist for the Daily Sketch, Ibadan, and the Nigerian Tribune.
In Lagos, they were a chorister with the Christ Church Cathedral of Lagos Island then under the leadership of Ekundayo Phillips and from 1943 to 1952, they lived in the Bishop's Court, the residence of Leslie Vining. In 1949, they started a highlife band called The Akpabot Players. In 1953, they proceeded to study at Royal College of Music, London. On returning to Nigeria, they became a senior music producer with the Nigerian Broadcasting Corporation.
Akpabot earned a doctorate degree from Michigan State University.
Academic career
After spending three years with the Nigerian Broadcasting Corporation, Akpabot joined the music department of University of Nigeria, Nsukka, as an assistant lecturer. At the university, they taught students African music and music history. In 1964, they travelled abroad to further their studies at University of Chicago. On the completion of their studies, they returned to Nigeria in 1967 and taught at Nsukka from 1967 to 1970, a period spanning the Nigerian civil war. They left Nsukka in 1970 to become a senior research fellow at Obafemi Awolowo University. At Ife, they were director of Chapel Music and was involved in the annual Ife Festival of Arts. They left Ife in 1973 to pursue their doctorate at Michigan State University.
Works
Akapabot's first major composition was "Scenes from Nigeria", a 12-minute orchestral piece with an African flavour created to celebrate Nigeria's independence. In 1963, Akpabot composed one of their well-known works, "Ofala Festival", a tone poem that was composed for the American Wind Symphony Orchestra. In 1965, they composed "Cynthia's Lament", another piece for the wind symphony orchestra of Pittsburgh.
From 1970 to 1973, Akpabot was director of chapel music at Obafemi Awolowo University. While there, they composed a folk song, "Ise Oluwa", for the Ife Arts Festival, "Jaja of Opobo", an operetta in Efik, English and Igbo for the festival, and a string orchestra piece entitled "Three Nigerian Dances".
While studying for their doctorate in Michigan, they composed "Nigeria in Conflict" for the wind symphony orchestra, their third piece for the Pittsburgh-based organisation. Akpabot's last major orchestra piece was Verba Christi, a vocal composition with instrument accompaniment that was commissioned by the Nigerian Broadcasting Corporation for FESTAC 77.
Writings
Ibibio Music in Nigerian Culture, Michigan State University Press, 1975.
Introduction to African Music, Oxford University Press, 1978.
Foundation of Nigerian Traditional Music, Ibadan: Spectrum Books. 1986.
Form, Function, and Style in African Music, Macmillan Nigeria, 1998.
References
Sources
Bode Omojola (1995) Nigerian Art Music. Institut français de recherche en Afrique, IFRA
1932 births
2000 deaths
Nigerian composers
20th-century Nigerian musicians
Baptist Academy alumni
King's College, Lagos alumni
Nigerian expatriate academics in the United States
Michigan State University alumni
People from Akwa Ibom State
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
University of Nigeria faculty
University of Chicago alumni
Obafemi Awolowo University faculty
was a Japanese rock group formed in 1972. Its name is a parody of the "Plastic Ono Band". Produced by Masatoshi Hashiba on Toshiba-EMI Records (now EMI Music Japan), the band was led by guitarist Kazuhiko Katō and singer , who were a married couple at the time. The word "sadistic" is reported to be inspired by Mika's sadistic way of using knives in the kitchen (and their sense of humour).
In 2003, HMV Japan ranked the band at No. 94 on their list of the "Top 100 Japanese Pops Artists". In September 2007, Rolling Stone Japan rated their 1974 album Black Ship at No. 9 on its list of the "100 Greatest Japanese Rock Albums of All Time".
History
Kazuhiko Katō moved to Kensington, London in 1972 and, impressed by the burgeoning glam rock scene led by T. Rex and David Bowie, they set about forming a new group in Japan to emulate the style. The original lineup of the band included Katō, Mika, drummer Hiro Tsunoda and lead guitarist Masayoshi Takanaka. This lineup recorded the single "Cycling Boogie" on June 21 1972, released on Doughnut Records, Japan's first private label that was founded by Katō. Subsequently Tsunoda left the band, to be replaced by Yukihiro Takahashi, and bassist Ray Ohara joined the band. This lineup completed the band's self-titled debut album, which was released on the Harvest label in the United Kingdom.
Katō passed the album to Malcolm McLaren who at the time had a shop with Vivienne Westwood, and McLaren passed it on to Bryan Ferry, whose band Roxy Music Sadistic Mika Band would later support on the European leg of their 1975-76 Siren Tour.
Their second album was recorded in England, produced by Chris Thomas. Thomas also introduced Mika to Badfinger while they produced their 1974 LP Wish You Were Here. Them vocals can be heard on the track "Know One Knows" (translating Pete Ham's lyrics to Japanese). Keyboardist Yu Imai, who had worked as a supporting musician on the first album was promoted to full member status. The album sold well in Japan. In the UK; however, the album sold poorly but received high praise from critics.
Ohara left the band, and was replaced by Tsugutoshi Gotō. Chris Thomas also produced their third album Hot! Menu. The album, which featured tracks such as "Mada Mada Samba", is now quite rare although it was featured on BBC Radio 3's Sounds Interesting. The band played live on BBC TV's Old Grey Whistle Test in October 1975, performing two tracks: "Time to Noodle" and "Suki Suki Suki". When they appeared, a stagehand arranged for the name of the programme (usually shown hung from the back wall) to be spelt as The Old Gley Whistle Test as a nod to the Japanese pronunciation of the letters L and R.
The band also made an appearance on BBC TV's Pebble Mill at One and were interviewed by Jan Leeming. Photographs from this appearance were published in the book S/M/B/2 (2006, Shinko Music) by Masayoshi Sukita, who was a close friend of the band.
The band played live in the United Kingdom supporting Roxy Music including a show at Wembley Stadium. It was the first ever UK tour by a Japanese rock band. Recordings from these concerts were released as their Live in London album. After this album was released, Kazuhiko Katō and Mika divorced, and both left the band. Mika later married Chris Thomas and moved to the UK, where they worked as a food researcher.
The Sadistics
The remaining members – Takahashi, Takanaka, Imai, and Gotō – continued for several years as The Sadistics. They released two studio albums and two live albums before the band eventually petered out in 1979 as the members became busy with their solo careers and other projects, such as the Yellow Magic Orchestra and Imitation. All members continued to work with Kazuhiko Katō on their solo albums in the 1970s and '80s.
Post-disbandment
Kazuhiko Katō became a radio show presenter and a television personality in Japan. They had a successful solo career after the Sadistic Mika Band broke up; pursuing a ska direction before acquiring interest in European experimental music. Most of their solo work employed the talents of the other former Sadistic Mika Band members and other notable guest artists such as Ryuichi Sakamoto, Haruomi Hosono and Akiko Yano. They released two acoustic albums with Kōnosuke Sakazaki of The Alfee under the name Kazukoh in 2007 (Golden Hits) and 2009 (Happy End), and found time to form a new band called Vitamin-Q in 2008, releasing one album (VITAMIN-Q feat ANZA). Katō committed suicide by hanging on October 17, 2009 in the Kitasaku District of Karuizawa in Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
Band producer Masatoshi Hashiba also produced the popular band Vodka Collins.
Drummer Yukihiro Takahashi went on to become part of the synthpop trio Yellow Magic Orchestra (YMO), in which they provided the majority of lead vocals. In the early 2000s, they formed the duo Sketch Show with their ex-YMO bandmate Haruomi Hosono; with Ryuichi Sakamoto becoming regularly involved, the YMO name was later resurrected. In 2014, Takahashi formed the supergroup Metafive, which continues to the present. They have also acted in a number of films and TV shows, usually in comedic roles. Ray Ohara was a regular member of Takahashi's band in the 1980s and 1990s.
Mika released a self-produced album in 1994, where they wrote all songs and lyrics.
Tsugutoshi Gotō has released a large number of albums both solo, and as a member of various bands.
Yu Imai went on to form the group Imitation and collaborated with members of Sandii & the Sunsetz and Talking Heads. They were also the chief musical collaborator with lyricist Chris Mosdell on three of their solo albums, Equasian (also with Kazuhiko Katō), The Oracles of Distraction, and Fingerprints of the Gods – the latter being the sonic setting of the Graham Hancock book of the same title.
Masayoshi Takanaka went on to become one of the most famous guitarists in Japan. They have been releasing studio albums and touring to this day.
Reunions
The band has reunited three times. Each time Kazuhiko Katō, Yukihiro Takahashi and Masayoshi Takanaka have formed the core of the band, with a different female lead vocalist and supporting musicians.
In 1985, the band reunited as the Sadistic Yuming Band. Tsugutoshi Gotō returned on bass. In addition, Ryuichi Sakamoto played keyboards and Yumi Matsutoya, AKA Yuming, sang the female lead vocals.
In 1989, the band reunited as the Sadistic Mica Band with Ray Ohara on bass instead of Gotō, and Karen Kirishima on vocals. Appare, an album featuring new material, was released, as well as the accompanying live album Seiten.
In 2006, the band reunited and became the Sadistic Mikaela Band, with 22-year-old pop singer Kaela Kimura on lead vocals. The lineup released the album Narkissos, featuring a track by renowned English lyricist Chris Mosdell, which sold 92,568 copies and ranked number 147 in the yearly best selling chart. The group also completed a national tour culminating in a show at NHK Hall in Shibuya, Tokyo.
In 2007, the band released a 3-disc live retrospective including material from 1975 and 2006, plus video clips.
References
Japanese jazz ensembles
Japanese hard rock musical groups
Glam rock groups
Musical groups from Osaka
Musical groups established in 1972
Musical groups disestablished in 1979
Musical groups reestablished in 1985
Musical groups reestablished in 1989
Musical groups reestablished in 2006
Musical groups disestablished in 2007
Harvest Records artists
The Battle of Torna was fought on between the Mughal Empire and the Maratha Empire. Mughal Emperor, Aurangzeb ordered to besiege the fortress of Torna where Mughal Generals, Muhammad Amin Khan and Tarbiyat Khan stormed into Torna and defeated the Marathas. In recognition of the difficult defense the Mughals had to overcome to capture this fort, Aurangzeb renamed it as Futulgaib.
References
Torna
Torna
1704 in India
Torna
The Scarborough Connector, unsigned State Route 701 (SR 701), is a freeway located in southern Maine which connects U.S. Route 1 (US 1) and SR 9 in Scarborough to Interstate 295 (I-295) in South Portland. The Scarborough Connector functions as part of a bypass of South Portland and as part of a connecting route between downtown Scarborough, The Maine Mall, and the Maine Turnpike (I-95).
The SR 701 designation is only indicated on mileposts, which increase from north to south as opposed to the standard practice of increasing from south to north. All other signage refers to the major routes to which it connects (I-95, I-295 and US 1).
Route description
The Scarborough Connector begins in the north as an offshoot of I-295 at exit 2 in South Portland. There is one southbound interchange with the Maine Turnpike Approach Road eastbound, which provides a connection to US 1 north and downtown South Portland. The freeway crosses into Scarborough and continues south for before merging onto US 1 south / SR 9 west towards downtown. Traffic may use the nearby intersection at Hillcrest Avenue to change direction.
In the south, the Connector begins as a left exit from US 1 north / SR 9 east and heads due north. The first northbound exit leads to the Maine Turnpike Approach Road westbound, which leads to The Maine Mall and the Maine Turnpike (I-95). A second exit connects to Broadway in downtown South Portland. Following the Broadway exit, the freeway merges onto I-295 north towards Portland.
Except at the southern end approaching US 1 / SR 9, the Scarborough Connector has a posted speed limit of .
History
The Scarborough Connector was originally designated as an Inventory Road, #072037, without a numeric designation. The SR 701 designation was added later and the number posted on mileposts along the highway. The SR 701 designation officially terminates northbound at the Broadway interchange, but the Inventory Road designation extends an additional along the exit ramps connecting to I-295, bringing the highway's overall length to .
Exit list
Exits are listed in order from north to south as mileposts increase in that direction.
References
External links
Transportation in Cumberland County, Maine
Freeways in the United States
701
Scarborough, Maine
Maciej Olenderek (born 16 October 1992) is a Polish volleyball player. At the professional club level, they play for Trefl Gdańsk.
Career
Clubs
They debuted in PlusLiga in 2011. In 2015, they extended their contract with AZS Politechnika Warszawska for the next 2 years. After 6 seasons in the club from Warsaw, they moved to another Polish team – LOTOS Trefl Gdańsk.
Sporting achievements
Clubs
CEV Challenge Cup
2011/2012 – with AZS Politechnika Warszawska
National championships
2017/2018 Polish Cup, with Trefl Gdańsk
References
External links
Player profile at PlusLiga.pl
Player profile at Volleybox.net
1992 births
Living people
People from Żyrardów
Sportspeople from Masovian Voivodeship
Polish men's volleyball players
Projekt Warsaw players
Trefl Gdańsk players
Liberos
Prince August Fredrik zu Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (), known professionally as August Wittgenstein, (born 22 January 1981) is a German-Swedish actor and member of the princely House of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. Wittgenstein has appeared in English, German, and Swedish language films, starring in the 2013 German television movie Desert Heart - The Trip of My Life.  They are known for their portrayals of Georg Donatus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Hesse in The Crown and Count Alfred Eckbrecht von Dürckheim-Montmartin in Ludwig II as well as their roles as Karl Tennstedt in Das Boot and Andreas Wolf in Deadwind.
Early life and education
Wittgenstein was born on 22 January 1981 in Siegen, North Rhine-Westphalia and is a member of the House of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, an old German noble family.  They are the younger son of Prince Ludwig Ferdinand of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and Countess Yvonne Wachtmeister af Johannishus, a member of the Swedish nobility. Their paternal grandparents were Prince Ludwig Ferdinand of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and Princess Friederike Juliane of Salm-Horstmar.  They are the great-grandson of Richard, 4th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and Princess Madeleine of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Freudenberg. Wittgenstein is the younger brother of the journalist and writer Princess Anna of Bavaria. They grew up speaking both German and Swedish and is a dual citizen.
When they were fifteen, Wittgenstein attended a boarding school in Sweden. After completing school, they lived in the United Kingdom, Paris, and Australia. They later graduated from Georgetown University. From 2005 until 2007 they studied acting at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
Career
Wittgenstein started their acting career in 2008 with some roles in short films. In 2009 they had a role as a Swiss Guard in the film Angels & Demons. In 2011 they had a supporting role in the Swedish drama Avalon. They portrayed Count Alfred Eckbrecht von Dürckheim-Montmartin in the 2012 German feature film Ludwig II. In 2013 they played the role of Travis in the science fiction drama The Congress.
In 2013 Wittgenstein landed their first starring role in the German television movie Desert Heart - The Trip of My Life. They played the role of Georg Donatus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Hesse in The Crown. They have also had roles in Das Boot, Die Schlikkerfrauen, Ein starkes Team: Späte Rache, In Your Dreams, Notruf Hafenkante, Deadwind, Leipzig Homicide, Cologne P.D., SOKO München, Nord bei Nordwest, Ein Lächeln nachts um vier, Ku'damm 56, Jenny – echt gerecht, and Josephine Klick – Allein unter Cops.
Personal life
In 2021, Wittgenstein and Austrian psychologist and podcaster Mia Rohla became engaged.  They are the daughter of the Austrian business person and television personality Martin Rohla. They have got married on 3 September 2022 in Vienna.
References
Living people
1981 births
21st-century German male actors
21st-century Swedish male actors
American Academy of Dramatic Arts alumni
Georgetown University alumni
German male film actors
German male television actors
German princes
August
People from Siegen
Swedish male film actors
Swedish male television actors
Shangoda (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Shangodinsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 517 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Shangoda is located 28 km southeast of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kunekh River. Shitli and Bukhty are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Live! Live! Live! is a live EP by the Detroit, Michigan punk rock band The Suicide Machines, released in 1998 by Hollywood Records. It was a promotional EP released in preparation for their then-upcoming album Battle Hymns. It contains three songs recorded during performances on December 27 and 28, 1997 at St. Andrew's Hall in Detroit. The first two songs are tracks that appear on Battle Hymns, while the third, "Friends," was originally featured on the band's 1994 'Green World' cassette. The recording of "Hating" from this EP was re-released on the compilation album The Least bad of the Suicide Machines in 2002, along with a recording of "The Real You" from the same performance.
Track listing
All songs written by The Suicide Machines
"Hating" – 1:06
"Face Another Day" – 1:43
"Friends" – 2:15
Personnel
Jason Navarro – vocals
Dan Lukacinsky – guitar, backing vocals
Royce Nunley – bass, backing vocals
Derek Grant – drums
Production
Julian Raymond – producer
The Suicide Machines – producers
Joe Barresi – mixing
Brian Young – mixing
The Suicide Machines albums
1998 EPs
Live EPs
1998 live albums
Hollywood Records live albums
Hollywood Records EPs
Albums produced by Julian Raymond
Léon Solomiac (19 October 1873 in Cajarc – 10 May 1960 in Cannes) was a colonial administrator in various colonies of the French Colonial Empire.
Life
Solomiac was a son of a shopkeeper. In the course of their career in the French colonial service, they were appointed in July 1925 as a delegate in Beirut then in 1930 in Damascus, during the French Mandate for Syria and the Lebanon. After the deposition of Taj al-Din al-Hasani, Solomiac officiated on 19 November 1931 as head of state of the Syrian Republic until 11 June 1932, when Mohammed Ali al-Abed was elected by the Syrian Parliament to the presidency.
Later on, Solomiac went to Africa in which they became the governor of French Sudan from 22 May to 30 November 1933 on an interim basis. On 15 August 1934 they became the successor of François Adrien Juvanon as a governor of French India, they held this position until October 1936. On 21 April 1939 they became the Governor-General of French Equatorial Africa, they remained in office until 3 September 1939. On 7 November 1940 Solomiac took over from Jean Alexandre Léon Rapenne the interim post of Governor of Niger. However, they were deposed by the Vichy regime as being not loyal to them, and was replaced on 8 December 1940 by General Maurice Falvy. In August 1944, Léon Solomiac was entrusted with the management of official duties of the prefecture of Tarn. They were the "Prefect of the Libération", replacing a prefect appointed by the Vichy regime in July 1944, and was in office until early 1946.
References
1873 births
1960 deaths
Colonial Governors of French Mali
Colonial Governors of French Niger
French colonial governors and administrators
Governors of French Equatorial Africa
Governors of French India
People of French West Africa
Russel Philip Gibaut (born 5 March 1963) is a Jersey former first-class cricketer.
Gibaut was born at Saint Saviour in Jersey. They studied at Hertford College, Oxford where they played two first-class cricket matches for Oxford University in 1983, against Lancashire and Glamorgan. They later emigrated to the United States, where they worked in the oil industry. Their son is the Major League Baseball player Ian Gibaut.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
People from Saint Saviour, Jersey
Alumni of Hertford College, Oxford
Jersey cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Jersey emigrants to the United States
BP people
The Serra do Mar tyrannulet (Phylloscartes difficilis) is a small species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to humid montane forest in the Serra do Mar in south-eastern Brazil. More likely confused with the short-tailed and pale-eyed hangnest tody-tyrant than other members of the genus Phylloscartes, its bright olive-green upperparts contrast strongly with the grey underparts. It is generally uncommon and threatened by habitat loss.
References
Serra do Mar tyrannulet
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Taxa named by Hermann von Ihering
Taxa named by Rodolpho von Ihering
Serra do Mar tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sandeep Johri (born December 20, 1962) is the former CEO of Tricentis, an IT testing software company.
Career
Johri joined Tricentis in 2013 as CEO.
Before joining Tricentis, Johri served as the COO of Appcelerator, an open source mobile application development platform.
Previously, they were Vice President of Strategy and Industry Solutions at Hewlett-Packard, where they also served as Vice President of Corporate Development.
Johri was also instrumental in the formation of two startups, Determina and Bluelane, both of which were later acquired by VMware. Additionally, they were the CEO and founder of Oblix (acquired by Oracle), and co-founded eBoodle (now Shopzilla), one of the first ecommerce comparison shopping services.
Johri was also responsible for HP's $4.5B acquisition of Mercury Interactive: the largest deal to date in software testing space.
Biography
Johri was born in Gwalior, India on December 20, 1962. Johri has an MBA from Stanford University, a master's degree in Industrial Engineering from Wayne State University, Detroit, and a bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from University of Pune, India.
Johri has been involved as an advisor and investor in various startups in Silicon Valley and India, including Mayfield Fund, alphonso, Cenzic (acquired by Trustwave Holdings), Dhingana (acquired by Rdio), and Shopalize (acquired by 24/7 Customer). Johri also served as co-chair staff on President Bill Clinton's National Information Infrastructure Advisory Council on issues related to the United States government's "Information Superhighway" initiative.
They were inducted into the Wayne University Hall of Fame in 2012.
References
Businesspeople in software
American computer businesspeople
American technology chief executives
1962 births
Living people
Egas Moniz de Riba Douro, also known as o Aio ('the Tutor') (1080-1146) was a Portuguese nobleman, who served in the Portuguese Crown as the tutor of Afonso Henriques.
Biography
Born in 1080 in the County of Portugal, Egas Moniz was a rich nobleman, member of the five major families of Entre-Douro-e-Minho of the 12th century, to whom Henry, Count of Portugal, entrusted the education of their son Afonso Henriques, a task that gave the nickname by which they became known. They were Tenente of Lamego between 1102-1111. Later in 1136, they served as Mordomo Mór of Portugal, until their death in 1146.
Egas Moniz was son of Monio Ermiges, o Gasco (the Gascon) and Ouroana. They had two wives, the first was Dórdia Pais de Azevedo, daughter of Paio Godins de Azevedo and Gontinha Nunes Velho. Their second marriage was with the Countess Teresa Afonso de Celanova, a noble lady, daughter of Afonso Nunes de Celanova and Maria Fernandes.
The Legend of Egas Moniz, o Aio
During the siege of Guimarães by Alfonso VII, then the county's political headquarters, the Emperor reportedly demanded an oath of vassalage from their cousin Afonso Henriques; Egas Moniz addressed the emperor, informing them that their cousin accepted submission. However, after relocating their capital to Coimbra (1131), Afonso Henriques felt an urgent need to destroy the ties that bound them to Alfonso VII. With that they declared war and invaded Galicia. As Afonso Henriques did not live up to what was agreed by their tutor, Egas Moniz, having learned what happened, went to Toledo, the imperial capital, accompanied by their wife and children, all barefoot, dressed in white and with a tether around the neck. Introducing themselves to the Emperor, they let them dispose of their life and of their own as a pledge for maintaining the oath of allegiance promised by them but not fulfilled by their pupil. The emperor, moved with such honor, is said to have forgiven them and sent them back to Portugal in peace. This part of Egas Moniz's life is retold by Camões in the Lusíadas Song III (stanzas 35-40).
References
External links
http://www.arqnet.pt/dicionario/afonso1.html
1080 births
1146 deaths
Portuguese nobility
11th-century Portuguese people
12th-century Portuguese people
Land of Enchantment may refer to:
New Mexico, a state in the United States with the official nickname "Land of Enchantment"
Land of Enchantment (album), a New Mexico-inspired country music album by Michael Martin Murphey
David Wayne Cook is an American painter, sculptor and installation artist working primarily with found objects. They have also coauthored a book, Lemonade for the Lawnboy, that later became a play. Cook works primarily with found objects - tar, litter, rebar, cement, scrap metal and wire, light fixtures, plaster, shredded tires, mufflers, vines - and occasionally vegetation. They have a warm relationship with Duck Tape because of their use of their product in their flower bombing. They often paint to music, once on public display, and has a series of paintings based on music.
Career
In 1998 David became the featured artist at “Around the Coyote”, a well-known art festival/competition in Chicago. Their work was included in the curator's choice in that competition.
Around that time, their work was displayed in several galleries in Illinois, including Yello Gallery
and Dramaticus Fine Art Gallery
.
In addition to painting and sculpture, Cook is known for flower bombing, planting tall flowers constructed from wood, paint and Duck Tape without notification or publicity. They plant the flowers in places where they will bring unexpected joy to passersby, including hospitals and nursing homes.
Cook's art can be seen in a Minneapolis restaurant called Hell's Kitchen and Rosenthal Contemporary Interiors. They did a mural at Theater Latté Da.
References
External links
Lemonade for the Lawnboy Musical Site
Lemonade for the Lawnboy Book
Flowerbombing in Minneapolis
Flowerbombing in Saint Cloud
Flowerbombing in Cocoa Beach 2018
Flowerbombing in Cocoa Beach 2017
Flowerbombing on the UNION Rooftop
Flowerbombing on Mother's Day
Star Tribune on Flowerbombing
Living people
Abstract painters
American abstract artists
21st-century American painters
American male painters
Painters from Minnesota
Painters from Indiana
People from Minneapolis
People from Indianapolis
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rans Coyote can refer to a number of different aircraft:
Rans S-4 Coyote
Rans S-5 Coyote
Rans S-6 Coyote II
Ardon Jashari (born 30 July 2002) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a midfielder for Luzern.
Club career
Jashari made their professional debut with Luzern in a 2-1 Swiss Super League win over FC Zürich on 31 July 2020.
Personal life
Jashari was born in Switzerland, and is of Macedonian-Albanian descent.
References
External links
SFL Profile
2002 births
Living people
People from Cham, Switzerland
Sportspeople from the canton of Zug
Swiss footballers
Swiss people of Macedonian descent
Swiss people of Albanian descent
Association football midfielders
FC Luzern players
Swiss Super League players
Polyortha radiata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1981
Polyortha
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Sotero Aranguren Labairu (7 May 1894 – 26 February 1922), was an Argentine footballer born in Buenos Aires who spend their youth in Basque Country. They were a midfielder and played most of their career for Real Madrid CF. They and their brother Eulogio were team-mates at Real Madrid.
Biography
They played for Real Madrid for seven years, between 1911 and 1918, scoring 4 goals in 60 matches.
 They are considered "the first white symbol" by the Real Madrid official website.
Their premature death at the age of 28 led the club to build a statue representing Sotero and one of their team-mates, Machimbarrena (who also died young) at the entrance of the first team's locker room. The statue, added in 1925, now stands at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, and is seen as a totem of inspiration for Real Madrid's coming generations of footballers.
Sotero and Eulogio Aranguren were the first Argentine footballers who played for Real Madrid.
Honours
Real Madrid
Copa del Rey: 1917
Campeonato Regional Centro: 1912–13, 1915–16, 1916–17
External links
Sotero's biography at Real Madrid official website (Spanish)
References
1894 births
1922 deaths
Argentine footballers
Real Madrid CF players
Association football midfielders
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Footballers from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Argentine people of Basque descent
This article describes the party affiliations of leaders of each member-state represented in the European Council during the year 2011. The list below gives the political party that each head of government, or head of state, belongs to at the national level, as well as the European political alliance to which that national party belongs. The states are listed from most to least populous. More populous states have greater influence in the council, in accordance with the system of Qualified Majority Voting.
Summary
List of leaders (1 January 2011)
Supported by PD-L
AKEL holds only observer status with the Party of the European Left.
Changes
Affiliation
See also
Presidency of the Council of the European Union
External links
Council of the European Union (official website)
Lists of parties in the European Council
The 1998 German Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 92nd edition of the Hamburg Masters (German Open), and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1998 ATP Tour. It took place at the Rothenbaum Tennis Center in Hamburg, Germany, from through 4 May through 11 May 1998.
The men's field was headlined by ATP No. 1, Indian Wells, Miami, Auckland titlist, Australian Open finalist Marcelo Ríos, Antwerp winner, Indian Wells and 1997 U.S. Open runner-up Greg Rusedski and Marseille runner-up, 1994 Hamburg winner Yevgeny Kafelnikov. Other top seeds competing were Dubai titlist Àlex Corretja, Gustavo Kuerten, Karol Kučera, Richard Krajicek and Alberto Berasategui.
Finals
Singles
Albert Costa defeated Àlex Corretja 6–2, 6–0, 1–0, retired.
It was Albert Costa's 1st title of the year, and their 7th overall. It was their 1st Masters title of the year, and overall.
Doubles
Donald Johnson / Francisco Montana defeated David Adams / Brett Steven 6–4, 6–4
References
External links
Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) tournament profile
German Open
ATP German Open
Hamburg European Open
The 1988–89 season was Maccabi Haifa's 31st season in the Liga Leumit, and their 8th consecutive season in the top division of Israeli football.
The season was a great success for the club winning the league and coming extremely close to winning the State Cup to go with it.
First Division
State Cup
Toto Cup
Squad statistics
Maccabi Haifa F.C. seasons
Maccabi Haifa
Egloffstein is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Geography
Location
The village of Egloffstein is a state-recognised climatic spa and lies in the valley of the Trubach river on the hillside beneath the eponymous castle.
Neighbouring communities
Its neighbouring communities (clockwise from the north) are:
Gößweinstein, Obertrubach, Gräfenberg, Leutenbach, Pretzfeld
Administrative subdivisions
Egloffstein is divided into 16 parishes:
Affalterthal above Egloffstein in the upper part of the Mostvieler valley.
Bieberbach is well known for its great Osterbrunnen. In 2005, however, it had to concede its title as the "Greatest Osterbrunnen in the World" to Sulzbach-Rosenberg. The village is first recorded in 1225.
Hundshaupten is known for its wildlife enclosure and petting zoo, and for the castle of Hundshaupten.
Attractions
Above the village stands the former mediaeval Egloffstein Castle of the lords of Egloffstein.
There is an open-air swimming pool that dates to before the war.
References
Forchheim (district)
There are four Llanfawr Quarries dolerite quarries near Llandrindod Wells, Wales they were excavated for building stone in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Three of these quarries constitute a Site of Special Scientific Interest and permission to collect must be sought from the Countryside Council for Wales.
Igneous features
The dolerite lopoliths and laccoliths intrude through finely grained highly fossiliferous mudstones which underwent some contact metamorphism but stratigraphic units can still be distinguished.
The Lower Llanfawr Quarry
This quarry contains remnant outcrops of highly trilobitic blue mudstones.
The Upper Llanfawr Quarry
This site preserves fossil fauna of great international importance within the basal Caradoc mudstones, and is one of four significant localities for soft-bodied faunas in the Ordovician worldwide. Iron pyrite fossil graptolites are visible at the outcrop, and less evident iron pyrite sponges, hydrozoans, echinoderms, nautiloids (with encrusting organisms), rare arthropods and worms are also present.
The Main Llanfawr Quarry
The outcrops in the main quarry contain the most diverse fine‐sediment sponge fauna recorded from the British Palaeozoic. The sponges are primarily reticulosans, but includes some lyssakids and demosponges. The outcrops also contain trilobites, graptolites, chitinozoans, brachiopods, rare orthoconic nautiloids, gastropods, bivalves, dendroid graptolites and conulariids while fossils of rare soft-bodied organisms have also been recovered.
See also
Llanfawr Mudstone
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Radnor
Quarries in Wales
The Malmö tramway network was a tram network that existed as a public transit system in Malmö, Sweden in some extent from 1887 until 1973. In 1987 a new route of about was built as a historic line, which remains in operation today.
History
The tramway operated between 1887 and 1973. It started service as a horsecar. The horsecars were replaced by electric trams starting in December 1906, with the last horses being retired in February 1907. With the introduction of right-hand traffic in 1967 most tram lines were withdrawn and replaced by buses, although line 4 to Sibbarp remained until April 27 1973.
Lines
Line 1 (red) from 1907 till 1967
Line 2 (blue) from 1907 till 1940
Line 3 (white) from 1906 till 1964
Line 4 (yellow) from 1907 till 1973
Line 5 from 1915 till 1928
Line 6 from 1916 till 1919 and from 1924 till 1949
Line 7 from 1918 till 1949
Line 8 from 1928 till 1930
Rolling stock
The service primarily used two-axle cars. From 1946 Type 'G' bogie cars manufactured by GM and ASEA were introduced on line 4 and from 1951-2, new two-axle cars were provided for the other remaining routes.
Proposed reintroduction
Building a new tram network in Malmö has been proposed several times, with the municipal board beginning planning work in 2009. However, conflicting views between the municipal and regional government resulting in the planned funding from both regional and national authorities not being available resulted in these plans being shelved, with plans for busways to replace and supplement the planned tramways.
Museum line
For the 100-year anniversary of public transit in Malmö a new heritage line was constructed in 1987, along with an old tram being refurbished for use on the line. The 2km long line begins at the technical museum, with termini at the city library and Malmöhus Castle. The heritage line began operating in August 1987, with services operating during summer weekends starting in 1988.
Further reading
References
External links
Tram Malmö (in Swedish)
Rail transport in Malmö
Tram transport in Sweden
Light rail in Sweden
1887 establishments in Sweden
1887 in rail transport
Tourist attractions in Malmö
Malmö
Malmö
Mythepolis () or Mythopolis (Μυθόπολις) was a town in ancient Bithynia probably situated on the northwest side of the Lacus Ascania. It is said that during the winter all the artificial wells of the place were completely drained of water, but that in summer they became filled again to the brim. Pliny the Elder and Stephanus of Byzantium mention a town Pythopolis in Mysia which may be the same.
If Mythepolis is not the same as Pythopolis, its site is unlocated.
References
Populated places in Bithynia
Former populated places in Turkey
Lost ancient cities and towns
Sir Wilfrid Laurier Park () is an urban park in the Le Plateau-Mont-Royal borough of Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is bordered by Laurier Avenue East to the south, De Brébeuf Street to the east, Saint Grégoire Street to the north and De Mentana Street to the west.
It is crossed by a north–south bicycle path. The path enters the park at Brébeuf Street (corner Laurier) in the south and ends on Christophe Colomb Avenue (corner Saint Grégoire) in the north. The park's area is .
It was named in honor of The Right Honourable Sir Wilfrid Laurier on May 29, 1925. Laurier served as Canada's seventh Prime Minister, from 11 July 1896 to 6 October 1911.
The park contains a soccer field, two baseball fields, a public swimming pool, a horseshoes sandbox, a pétanque terrain and a dog park. In the western part of the park, there is a playground with slides, swings and a sandbox for children.
The Laurier Centre, located in the heart of the park, is the location of community activities. In winter, it is used as a cottage for skaters.
Art
Monument à Isabelle la Catholique
On October 12, 1959, the Mayor of Montreal unveiled the Monument à Isabelle la Catholique in the park. The bust of Queen Isabella of Castile (also known as Isabella the Catholic) was created by José Planes.
The bronze, copper, and granite sculpture was donated by The Consulate General of Spain to the City of Montreal on behalf of the Institute of Hispanic Culture in Madrid to mark the 467th anniversary of the discovery of the Americas by Christopher Columbus.
References
Parks in Montreal
Outdoor sculptures in Montreal
Le Plateau-Mont-Royal
This list includes courthouse buildings in Boston, Massachusetts, used by municipal, county, state and federal courts, from the 17th century through the present.
Built in the 17th and 18th centuries
First Town-House, Boston, built 1658. "The first Boston town house, constructed of wood on the site of the market-place, defined the town's political, social, and economic center by housing the colonial government, law courts, markets, and militia musters."
State House, built 1713, on the site of the former Town-House This building still exists as the "Old State House," State Street
Court house, built 1768-69, Queen Street. "... the Justices of the Court of Sessions for the County of Suffolk, have voted to build an elegant new Court House in Queen Street ..." "The elegant new Court-House in Queen-Street, Boston, being now finish'd ..." "Municipal Court continued to be held ... until June 20, 1822." By 1807 some disliked its features: "The County Court-House in Court street is by no means an ornament to the town; it is small, inconvenient, and exposed to the noise of a very busy street. ... In the court-house are kept the probate-office and registry of deeds for the county." Alternately, historian Caleb Snow describes it in 1828 more favorably: "The Old Court House on the south side of Court-street, is a handsome building of brick, three stories high, and has on the roof an octagon cupola. On the lower floor are the offices of the United States District Marshall, and several private offices. In the second story, the floor of which is supported by pillars of the Tuscan order, are held the Circuit and District Courts of the U.S. for the Massachusetts District, and the office of the District Clerk. In the third story are convenient rooms for jurors, etc. This building, before the erection of the New Court House [in 1810] ... was used by all the courts of law held in the county."
Built in the 19th century
Suffolk County Courthouse, also called Johnson Hall; built 1810 by Charles Bulfinch, School Street, Boston. Functioned as county court (1810-1841) and U.S. court (1810-1836). "Remodeled for use as a city hall by [Gridley J.F.] Bryant, 1840-1841. Demolished 1863."
The Stone Court-House in Court-Square, to which for distinction's sake we have given the name of Johnson Hall ... (with reference to the memory of lsaac Johnson esq. ... a chief patron of the first settlers of Boston ...) was built in 1810. It is described as consisting of an octagon centre, 55 ft. wide, with two wings, 26 by 40 feet, connected by the entrance and passages to the centre. The length of the whole building is 140 ft. The lower story of the centre is improved by the Register of Deeds, and Clerk of the C.C.P. -— the second story by the County Courts, and the upper by the Common Council of the city. The Mayor and Aldermen's room is in the upper story of the western wing; under that are the offices of the Auditor and City Marshal, and on the lower floor the Probate Office. In the eastern wing are the offices of the Clerk of the S.J. Court, rooms for the judges and for the juries, and one occupied by the Law Library.
Municipal Court House, built 1822, Leverett Street
Court house, built 1836, Court Square. Housed municipal court beginning in 1837.
The first floor contains rooms for the Police Court and Justices Court, the United States Marshal's room, and the offices of the clerks of the Supreme Court, Court of Common Pleas, and Police Court. The second story contains the rooms of the United States and the Supreme Judicial Courts, as also the Law Library, the rooms for the judges of the United States and Supreme Courts, and the clerk's office of the United States Court. The upper or third story includes the Common Pleas and Municipal Courtrooms and the rooms of the judges of those courts, the jury rooms of the several courts, the clerk's office and the witness rooms of the municipal court, and the grand jury room.
U.S. Court House, Bowdoin Square; used c. 1858.
Masonic Temple, corner Tremont Street and Temple Place; used as U.S. federal court, 1858-1885. Built 1832. "The building was sold to the U.S. government for $105,000 for use as a federal courthouse in 1858." "The federal government in 1885 sold the building at acution." In 1886 R.H. Stearns & Co. moved into the "remodeled building. ... [It] continued as their place of business until 1908, when it was completely torn down."
U.S. Post Office and Subtreasury, built 1885. Alfred B. Mullett, supervising architect. "The U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts met here ... [1883- 1929]; the U.S. Circuit Court for the District of Massachusetts met here from 1883, prior to completion, until that court was abolished in 1912. Razed in 1929."
John Adams Courthouse, built 1893, Pemberton Square. Designed by George Albert Clough. Functioned as Suffolk County Courthouse c. 1893. Currently houses the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court and the Massachusetts Appeals Court
Built in the 20th century
John W. McCormack Post Office and Courthouse, built 1933, also known as the John W. McCormack Federal Building, 5 Post Office Square, Boston. Designed by Cram & Ferguson. Currently houses the U.S. Bankruptcy Court.
Suffolk County Courthouse, built 1937, Pemberton Square, Boston. Currently houses the Suffolk County Superior Court for Criminal Business
John F. Kennedy Federal Building, built 1966. Currently houses the U.S. Immigration Court
Moakley courthouse, built 1999; also called the John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse, One Courthouse Way, Boston. Designed by TRO Jung Brannen. Houses the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts and the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Edward W. Brooke Courthouse, built 1999; 24 New Chardon Street, Boston. Designed by Kallmann McKinnell & Wood Architects, Inc. Houses the "Boston Juvenile Court, Boston Housing Court, Land Court, Suffolk Probate and Family Court, and the Suffolk County Registry of Deeds."
References
Further reading
William Thomas Davis. Bench and bar of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Volume 1. Boston History Company, 1895.
External links
https://www.loc.gov/pictures/item/2004672675/ View of the Center Plaza Complex and Suffolk County Courthouse, Boston, Massachusetts. Photo by Nicholas Nixon, 1975
Courthouses
courthouses
courthouses
History of Boston
Jaunsari () is a Western Pahari language of northern India spoken by the Jaunsari people in the Chakrata and Kalsi blocks of Dehradun district in the Garhwal region of Uttarakhand state.
The dialects of Jaunsari share about 60% of their basic vocabulary with each of the neighbouring varieties of Bangani, Jaunpuri, Nagpuriya and Sirmauri.
Script
Jaunsari was historically written in Jaunsari Script . The Devanagari script is being used these days in certain works.
Status
The language has no official status. According to the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO), the language is of definitely endangered category, i.e. many Jaunsari children are not learning Jaunsari as their mother tongue any longer. The Ethnologue reports otherwise.
In 2016, State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT) announced that Garhwali, Kumaoni, Jaunsari and Rang languages would be introduced on pilot basis for students in standard one to 10th in government schools Under the ‘Know Your Uttarakhand' project.
References
Northern Indo-Aryan languages
Endangered languages of India
Languages of Uttarakhand
Winners of the West is a 1940 American Western film serial from Universal Pictures directed by Ford Beebe and Ray Taylor. It stars Dick Foran and Anne Nagel in a plot about the construction of a railroad and a local ganglord who opposes it. It was Universal's 115th serial release (the 47th with sound).
The studio had used the name for an earlier silent serial but there are no plot similarities between the two versions. Columbia's Roar of the Iron Horse is very similar to this serial, however, and the writer George H. Plympton worked on both.
Plot
The Southwest Central Railroad Company is attempting to build a railroad through "Hell's Gate Pass". However, King Carter, the self-appointed ruler of the land beyond the pass, does not want this to happen. They send henchmen, including local Indians, to disrupt the construction anyway they can, from sabotage to kidnapping Claire Hartford, the daughter of the company President. The President's assistant, Jeff Ramsay, and their sidekicks, stop King Carter's schemes at every point and eventually defeat them entirely. This opens the area up to new settlers, the first of which is Jeff themselves and their new wife Claire.
Cast
Dick Foran as Jeff Ramsay, employee of the Hartford Transcontinental Railroad
Anne Nagel as Claire Hartford, daughter of John Hartford
Tom Fadden as Tex Houston, scout and one of Jeff Ramsay's sidekicks
James Craig as Jim Jackson, another of Jeff Ramsay's sidekicks
Harry Woods as King Carter, villain
Charles Stevens as Snakeye, King Carter's lead henchman
Edward Keane as John Hartford, President of the Hartford Transcontinental Railroad
Trevor Bardette as Raven, one of King Carter's henchmen
Edgar Edwards as Tim, one of King Carter's henchmen
Edmund Cobb as Maddox, one of King Carter's henchmen
William Desmond as Bill Brine, Railroad supervisor
Roy Barcroft as Logan, one of King Carter's henchmen
Production
Stunts
Cliff Lyons, riding double for Dick Foran (Jeff Ramsay) and Tom Fadden (Tex Houston)
Eddie Parker, fight double for Dick Foran (Jeff Ramsay)
Fred Graham, doubling Harry Woods (King Carter)
Kermit Maynard
Ken Terrell
Henry Wills
Chapter titles
2: The Wreck at Red River Gorge
3: The Bridge of Disaster
1. Redskins Ride Again
2. Wreck At Red River Gorge
3. Bridge Of Disaster
4. Trapped By Redskins
5. Death Strikes The Trail
6. A Leap For Life
7. Thundering Terror
8. Flaming Arsenal
9.Sacrificed By Savages
10.Under Crashing Timbers
11.Bullets In The Dark
12.Battle Of Blackhawk
13.Barricades Blasted
Source for chapter names:
See also
List of film serials
List of film serials by studio
References
External links
1940 films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Ford Beebe
Films directed by Ray Taylor
Universal Pictures film serials
1940 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films scored by Hans J. Salter
Films with screenplays by George H. Plympton
1940s American films
Rowing at the 1912 Summer Olympics featured four events, for men only. All races were held in Djurgårdsbrunnsviken from Thursday to Saturday, 17 to 19 July.
Medal summary
Bronze medals
Bronze medals were not awarded to the losing semi finalists in any of the events, they were instead given diplomas of merit. Although the IOC database currently includes bronze medallists for every event, it is not certain if this is an oversight on their behalf or if a retrospective change has been made.
Amateur definitions
The definition for the rowing competitions was:
An amateur is one:
who has never received payment as a trainer;
who has never competed for money prizes;
who has never competed or given a display for payment;
who has never competed, or given a display, against a professional;
who has never drawn any pecuniary gain from athletic exercises by selling, exchanging, pawning, or hiring out any prize won in a competition.
An amateur shall be allowed, when taking part in races or displays, to receive their travelling and hotel expenses from the club to which they belong, or, with the consent of the said club, from the club arranging the competition or display, without forfeiting their amateur status. Payment for such a journey, however, may be made only through the club which they represent in the said competition. No competitor shall be allowed to make any pecuniary gain or profit from such payment.
A professional shall not be allowed to take part in any competitions or displays for amateurs, neither may they officiate as judge nor in any other capacity. A professional is one who as a seaman, fisherman, or in any other capacity, has in any way, in the exercise of their calling, engaged in rowing within two years previous to the date of competition.
Participating nations
A total of 185(*) rowers from 14 nations competed at the Stockholm Games:
(*)
(*) NOTE: Both German coxswains from the coxed fours event are counted.
Medal table
References
External links
International Olympic Committee medal database
1912 Summer Olympics events
1912
The 2010 Ulster Senior Football Championship was the 122nd installment of the annual Ulster Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of the Ulster GAA. It was won by Tyrone who defeated Monaghan in the final to retain the title they won the previous year. The winning team received the Anglo-Celt Cup, and automatically advanced to the quarter-final stage of the 2010 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
2010 was the final year of Armagh and Tyrone's eleven-year sharing of Ulster senior titles. The following year brought the rise of an exciting young Donegal team which consigned the decade-long dominance of those two counties to history.
Bracket
Preliminary round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
Ulster GAA website
2U
Gaelic
Ulster Senior Football Championship
Ruaidhri Ua Flaithbheartaigh (died 1145) was King of Iar Connacht.
Biography
The succession of the chiefs of Muintir Murchada after 1098 is uncertain, unless it is that Ruaidhri reigned from then until their death in 1145. However, as of 1117, Brian Ua Flaithbertaigh was Chief of the Name.
The annals simply state that "The men of Munster proceeded with an army into Connaught; and they carried off Ua Ceallaigh, i.e. Tadhg, son of Conchobhar, lord of Ui-Maine, and slew Ruaidhri Ua Flaithbheartaigh."
See also
Ó Flaithbertaigh
References
West or H-Iar Connaught, Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, ed. James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
Irish Kings and High-Kings, Francis John Byrne (2001), Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
People from County Galway
1145 deaths
Ruaidhri
12th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
2009 F.C. Gifu season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Gifu
2009
Fărcășești is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Fărcășești, Fărcășești-Moșneni, Peșteana de Jos, Rogojel, Roșia-Jiu, Timișeni and Valea cu Apă.
Natives
Victor Popescu
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Finsing is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
Paralypusa chinensis is a small moth in the family Lypusidae. It was found in eastern China in Zhejiang province.
Taxonomy
It was described by Alexandr L. Lvovsky in 2010 in the genus Pseudatemelia of the family Amphisbatidae as P. chinensis. They reclassified it in a new monotypic genus Paralypusa two years later.
Etymology
The generic name indicates the affinity to the genus Lypusa.
Description
The wingspan is about 10 mm.
References
Moths described in 2010
Lypusidae
Paradichelia fulvitacta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1953
Archipini
The Argentine Hydrographic Service (, abbrevriated SHN) is the branch of the Ministry of Defense responsible for providing hydrographic services.
Background
Created on January 1, 1879, as Oficina Central de Hidrografía () by decree 11.289 of President Nicolás Avellaneda. It became the current SHN on 1972 by National Law 19.922. Since 2007, it became part of the Ministry of Defense.
The main mission of the SHN is to provide safe navigation on national waters. The service do so with the creation and maintenance of nautical charts, coastal marker buoys, and lighthouses. In concordance to the International Maritime Organization regulations, the SHN is also the global coordinator for the NAVAREA VI zone, which covers the South West Atlantic Ocean region being responsible for emitting alerts to ships at sea and coordinating search and rescue operations.
The national official time is also a responsibility of the SHN through the National Naval Observatory.
By means of Decree 788/2007 it was transferred from the Argentine Navy field to the Ministry of Defense one.
Fleet
As of 2010 the following Navy ships are assigned to it:
ARA Puerto Deseado (Q-20)
ARA Comodoro Rivadavia (Q-11)
ARA Cormorán (Q-15)
ARA Petrel (Q-16)
In February 2015 CONICET acquired the RV Sonne.
References
Decree 788/2007
National hydrographic offices
Argentine Navy
Military units and formations established in 1879
The anandalahari (; ) is an Indian chordophone musical instrument. The instrument often accompanies dance, and may act as melody and rhythm.
Name
The name anandalahari means "waves of joy". Popularly this instrument is called by onomatopoeic names like gubgubi and khamak.
Description
The anandalahari has a barrel-shaped body, open on one side, and fixed on the "bottom" of a single string. The tool body is wooden, open on both sides; the membrane is fixed in the lower and upper parts with a leather hoop and cords. Some instruments have a hole in the upper diaphragm, others not; it may be completely absent in old instruments. The vein string is attached to the bottom with a piece of bamboo or other material. The other end of the string is fixed inside a copper pot.
Use
The barrel is placed in the left armpit, the pot is taken in the left hand and the string is pulled with it, and the string is played with the right hand using a plectrum.
A similar instrument named pulluvan kudam is found in South India. Another similar instrument known as the gopiyantra kendra is used by the Munda people of Bengal and Odisha. Both the gopiyantra and the anandalahari are used by religious mendicant singers of the Sadhu type and especially by singers of the heterodox Baul faith.
Classification
Curt Sachs believed that the anandalahari and related instruments are a separate class of purely Indian plucked membranophones but ethnomusicologist, Laurence Picken and others have shown that they are clean chordophones.
See also
Ektara
Kendara
References
External links
Anandalahari Banglapedia
Indian musical instruments
Bangladeshi musical instruments
Chordophones
Membranophones
Plucked membranophones
Rubanisation is a model of human settlement in which the city and the countryside are considered as one space instead of two. It is informed by the belief that treating the rural and the urban as two distinct realms is inconsistent with social and environmental justice.
Background
In Rubanisation, a reverse migration back to the village is encouraged and made possible through the availability of viable choice, prior to returning to repair the city devastated by unjust accumulation. Focusing on the problems of existing mega-cities is only a stop-gap solution. The argument is that in the present mode of development, the countryside has been largely neglected as cities become 'the exclusive focus of development,' compelling those in the rural areas to migrate to the city in search of better opportunities. This has resulted in a massive population explosion in most cities in the developing world, which manifests itself in the growing presence of slums. In the case of developed societies, small towns and villages have been losing population to the lure of the big cities for the excitement that they offer. Rubanisation postulates that unless the problem of rural poverty, which 'still remains the main cause for mass rural-urban migration,' is solved, and people given a real choice in deciding between rural and urban living, the problems of urbanisation remain intractable.
"Urbanism has been blind to the plight of the countryside for too long, and the tide is turning as we face the global financial crisis and climate change. And so the dominance of urbanism as an ideology must give way to a new economy of distributed happiness for all, to be found through social justice and a change in culture, in which an appreciation of community and knowledge for their own sakes and love of nature are prime."
References
External links
Rubania.org | Environmentally & Ethically Regenerative Communities
Plan B 3.0 by Lester Brown
World Development Report 2008: Agriculture for Development
Hungry City by Carolyn Steel
Getting a Grip by Frances Moore Lappé
Creating a World Without Poverty by Muhammad Yunus
Deep Economy by Bill McKibben
Natural Capitalism by Amory Lovins and others
From Condoms to Cabbages by Mechai Viravaidya
Banker to the Poor by Muhammad Yunus
Garden Cities of Tomorrow by Ebenezer Howard
The EcoTipping Points Project
Human migration
Human settlement
Environmental design
Human habitats
Urban planning
The 1968 Wandsworth Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Wandsworth London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
The 1984 All-Pacific-10 Conference football team consists of American football players chosen by various organizations for All-Pacific-10 Conference teams for the 1984 college football season.
Offensive selections
Quarterbacks
Mark Rypien, Washington St.
Running backs
Rueben Mayes, Washington St.
Darryl Clack, Arizona St.
Fred Crutcher, USC
Wide receivers
Lew Barnes, Oregon
Reggie Bynum, Oregon St.
Tight ends
Doug Herman, Oregon
Tackles
Mark Shupe, Arizona St.
Brent Martin, Stanford
Guards
Duval Love, UCLA
Ken Ruettgers, USC
Centers
Dan Lynch, Washington St.
Defensive selections
Linemen
Ron Holmes, Washington
Garin Veris, Stanford
David Wood, Arizona
Tony Colorito, USC
Linebackers
Duane Bickett, USC
Tim Meamber, Washington
Lamonte Hunley, Arizona
Fred Small, Washington
Tommy Taylor, UCLA
Defensive backs
David Fulcher, Arizona St.
Allan Durden, Arizona
Tommy Haynes, USC
Doug Judge, Oregon
Special teams
Placekickers
John Lee, UCLA
Punters
Kevin Buenafe, UCLA
Return specialists
Tony Cherry, Oregon
Key
See also
1984 College Football All-America Team
References
All-Pacific-10 Conference Football Team
All-Pac-12 Conference football teams
Helmut Walser Smith (born 10 December 1962, in Freiburg, Germany) was named in 2004 to the Martha Rivers Ingram chair as Professor of History at Vanderbilt University. Their teaching and writing focus on modern German history, especially the long nineteenth century. They have served on the editorial boards of Central European History and the Journal of Modern History and in 2011–12 was past president of the Conference Group on Central European History of the American Historical Association. From 2005 to 2008, they were Director of the Robert Penn Warren Center for the Humanities at Vanderbilt and in 2014 received a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Smith earned a B.A. at Cornell University in 1984, and received their PhD from Yale University in 1992, where their 1991 dissertation was on nationalism and religion in Wilhelmine Germany.
Monographs
German Nationalism and Religious Conflict (Princeton, 1995)
The Butcher's Tale: Murder and Anti-Semitism in a German Town (New York, 2002)
Protestants, Catholics and Jews in Germany, 1800-1914, ed. (Oxford, 2002)
Exclusionary Violence: Antisemitic Riots in Modern German History, co-ed. with Werner Bergmann and Christhard Hoffmann (Ann Arbor, 2002)
The Holocaust and other Genocides: History, Representation, Ethics, ed. (Nashville, 2002)
The Continuities of German History: Nation, Religion, and Race across the Long Nineteenth Century (New York, 2008)
The Oxford Handbook of Modern German History, ed. (Oxford, 2011).
Germany. A Nation in Its Time. Before, During, and After Nationalism (New York, 2020)
Essays
"The Vanishing Point of German History: An Essay on Perspective." History and Memory 17, no. 2 (Spring–Winter 2005): 267–295.
References
1. http://as.vanderbilt.edu/history/bio/helmut-smith
2. http://as.vanderbilt.edu/german/bio/helmut-smith-german
Living people
1962 births
Historians of Germany
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
Vanderbilt University faculty
American male non-fiction writers
Pleuranthodium scyphonema is a monocotyledonous plant species first described by Karl Moritz Schumann, and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Pleuranthodium scyphonema is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae.
The species' range is in Papua New Guinea. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
scyphonema
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
Korey Bryan Lee (born July 25, 1998) is an American professional baseball catcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB).
From Escondido, California, Lee attended University of California, Berkeley, where they played college baseball for the Golden Bears. They were selected by the Astros in the first round of the 2019 MLB draft, and made their MLB debut in 2022.
Amateur career
Lee attended Vista High School in Vista, California. As a senior in 2016, they hit .407 with 21 RBIs. They were not drafted in the 2016 Major League Baseball (MLB) draft out of high school, and they then enrolled at the University of California, Berkeley where they played college baseball for the California Golden Bears.
In 2017, Lee's first-year student season at California, they appeared in 28 games (making 18 starts), batting .277 with three RBIs. After the season, they played in the Northwoods League. As a sophomore in 2018, they played in 36 games, making 28 starts, hitting .238 with five home runs and 26 RBIs. They returned to play in the Northwoods League that summer, hitting .283 with six home runs and 44 RBIs in 57 games. Lee broke out as a junior in 2019, slashing .339/.415/.613 with 15 home runs and 57 RBIs over fifty games, earning a spot on the Pac-12 First Team.
Professional career
Lee was selected by the Houston Astros with the 32nd overall pick of the 2019 MLB draft. They signed for $1.75 million, and made their professional debut with the Tri-City ValleyCats of the Class A Short Season New York–Penn League, with whom they spent the whole season. Over 64 games, Lee slashed .268/.359/.371 with three home runs, 28 RBIs, and eight stolen bases.
Lee did not play a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. To begin the 2021 season, they were assigned to the Asheville Tourists of the High-A East. After slashing .330/.397/.459 with three home runs and 14 RBIs over 29 games, they were promoted to the Corpus Christi Hooks of the Double-A Central on June 14. In mid-August, they were placed on the injured list with an oblique strain, and was activated in early September. Over fifty games with the Hooks, Lee hit .254/.320/.443 with eight home runs and 27 RBIs. After the end to Corpus Christi's season, Lee was promoted to the Sugar Land Skeeters of the Triple-A West, and played in nine games with them. Lee ended the 2021 season with a combined .277/.340/.438 slash line with 11 home runs and 45 RBIs over 88 games between the three clubs. They were selected to play in the Arizona Fall League for the Glendale Desert Dogs after the season. They returned to Sugar Land to begin the 2022 season.
On July 1, 2022, the Astros selected Lee's contract and promoted them to the major leagues. They made their MLB debut that night as a pinch hitter for Martín Maldonado versus the Los Angeles Angels and was retired on a pop-up. On July 4, 2022, Lee made their first major league start for the Astros against the Kansas City Royals at Minute Maid Park. Lee led Houston's offense versus the Oakland Athletics on July 10, singling off starter Cole Irvin in the fifth inning to score Jake Meyers for their first major league hit and RBI. In the seventh inning, Lee collected their first major league double and recorded two more RBIs. They completed a 3-for-4 night with three RBIs as Houston won 6–1.
The Astros optioned Lee to Sugar Land on August 2, 2022. On August 23, they homered three times and drove in a career-high five to lead a 23–8 win over the Las Vegas Aviators. It was also the first multi-homer game of their professional career.
See also
List of University of California, Berkeley alumni
References
External links
California Golden Bears bio
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Escondido, California
Baseball players from California
Major League Baseball catchers
Houston Astros players
California Golden Bears baseball players
Tri-City ValleyCats players
Asheville Tourists players
Corpus Christi Hooks players
Sugar Land Skeeters players
Glendale Desert Dogs players
Sugar Land Space Cowboys players
La Crosse Loggers players
is an interchange railway station in Jōetsu, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East), West Japan Railway Company (JR West) and the third-sector railway operator Echigo Tokimeki Railway. It opened in March 2015.
Lines
Jōetsumyōkō Station is served by the Echigo Tokimeki Railway Myōkō Haneuma Line and the high-speed Hokuriku Shinkansen, which opened for service on 14 March 2015. It replaced Wakinoda Station on the Shinetsu Main Line, located approximately 120 m away. The journey from Tokyo via the Hokuriku Shinkansen takes 1 hour 48 minutes. Only Hakutaka semi-fast Tokyo-to-Kanazawa services stop at Jōetsumyōkō on the Hokuriku Shinkansen.
Station layout
The new station consists of two elevated island platforms serving four tracks on the Hokuriku Shinkansen, with a ground-level island platform serving two tracks for the Myōkō Haneuma Line. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office and also a "View Plaza" travel agent.
Platforms
History
Initially provisionally named , the name Jōetsumyōkō Station was formally announced in June 2013. Construction was completed in October 2014. It opened on 14 March 2015, coinciding with the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen extension from Nagano.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017, the Myōkō Hanauma Line portion of the station was used by an average of 934 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). In fiscal 2017, the JR portion of the station was used by an average of 2,131 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
The station is located on the southern side of the Takada district of Jōetsu city, about 1.5 km from the border with Myōkō. The area was largely rice paddies with some houses, shops and factories along nearby Japan National Route 18; however, with the opening of the Shinkansen line, the area is rapidly urbanising.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information
Echigo Tokimeki Railway Station information
Timetable for Joetsumyoko Station
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2015
Jōetsu, Niigata
is a passenger railway station in the city of Kitaibaraki, Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Isohara Station is served by the Joban Line, and is located 171.6 km from the official starting point of the line at Nippori Station.
Station layout
The station consists of two elevated opposed side platforms. The station building is elevated to the level of the platforms; however, connection between the platforms is made an overhead walkway. The station is staffed. Nanatsu no Ko is used as the departure melody.
Platforms
History
Isohara Station was opened on 25 February 1897. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. It was rebuilt as an elevated station building in October 1997.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 1697 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Kita-Ibaraki Post Office
Isohara Industrial Park
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Ibaraki Prefecture
Jōban Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
Kitaibaraki, Ibaraki
Timeless is a 2005 album featuring the music of Billy Eckstine. The album was released by Savoy Records. It was also reissued in 2006 under the title Prisoner of Love: The Romantic Billy Eckstine.
Track listing
"I Love the Rhythm In a Riff"
"Sophisticated Lady"
"She's Got the Blues for Sale"
"Jelly, Jelly"
"Lonesome Lover Blues"
"Tell Me, Pretty Baby"
"Without a Song"
"Cool Breeze"
"Serenade In Blue"
"Oop Bop Sh'Bam"
"In the Still of the Night"
"In My Solitude"
"It Ain't Like That"
"Prisoner of Love"
"Second Balcony Jump"
2005 albums
Billy Eckstine albums
Savoy Records albums
Vinay Kumar (Born Dec 24, 1944, India) is the Lowell T. Coggeshall Distinguished Service Professor of Pathology at the University of Chicago, where they were also the Chairman (2000-2016) of the Department of Pathology.  They are a recipient of Life Time Achievement Award by National Board of Examinations.
Biography
Dr. Vinay Kumar was born in a town named Okara, about 100 miles from Lahore in undivided India on December 24, 1944. They graduated with honors, at the age of 17, from Savitribai Phule Pune University. They earned their MBBS in 1967, at the age of 22, from Glancy Medical College present day Government medical college in Amritsar, where they were named "Best Medical Graduate" for that year, winning the Pfizer Award and the gold medal for highest achievement as a medical student. They completed both their PhD in experimental pathology and their residency in anatomic pathology and hematology in 1972 at the India Institute of Medical Sciences, where they were awarded the Khanolkar Prize for outstanding research in pathology.
They were one of the inaugural co-editors of the Annual Review of Pathology: Mechanisms of Disease in 2006.
They have been the senior editor of the pathology reference book Robbins and Cotran Pathologic Basis of Disease co-edited with Dr. Abul K. Abbas.
Since 2003, Kumar is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).
 They are credited with the discovery of Natural killer (NK) cells in immunology.
Awards and honours
2018: The Gold-Headed Cane Award by the American Society for Investigative Pathology
2014: Life Time Achievement Award by National Board of Examinations
2009: American Society for Investigative Pathology (ASIP) Robbins Distinguished Educator Award
Selected books
Kumar V, Abbas A, Aster J, editors. Robbins & Cotran Pathologic Basis of Disease. 10th Ed. Elsevier 2020.
References
1944 births
Living people
Indian pathologists
Indian hematologists
Indian emigrants to the United States
American medical academics
American pathologists
Savitribai Phule Pune University alumni
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi alumni
University of Chicago faculty
American people of Indian descent in health professions
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Annual Reviews (publisher) editors
The Kuzbass Autonomous Industrial Colony was an experiment in workers' control in the Soviet Union from 1922 to 1926 during the New Economic Policy. It was based in Shcheglovsk, Kuzbass, Siberia.
History
Creation of the Autonomous Industrial Colony
Almost from the very beginning of its existence, the Soviet government considered it necessary to use foreign capital, knowledge and experience through the conclusion of concession agreements, which was reflected in the corresponding decision of the First All-Russian Congress of Soviets held in December 1917.
In 1921, the country began the "restoration of the national economy" with the New Economic Policy. The restoration of the heavy industry of Kuzbass was proclaimed one of the paramount tasks. At the Tenth Party Congress, Vladimir Lenin said that the fuel crisis had led to the need to spend gold on the purchase of coal from abroad.
Lenin, realizing that the economic crisis in Russia was too deep and that industry in the young Soviet Republic could not be restored on its own, wrote the "Letter to American Workers". In this letter, they called on workers of the Communist Parties of developed countries to help organize a new industrial base for the new workers' state. Foreign workers, mostly Americans, led by Sebald Rutgers and Bill Haywood, responded to the Soviet government. The response contained a proposal to establish a colony of foreign workers and specialists in Kuzbass. They met with Lenin in Moscow in September 1921. On behalf of the Industrial Workers of the World, this group expressed its desire to commission the Nadezhda Metallurgical Plant and part of the Kuznetsk Basin in Siberia and the Urals, in order to organize an industrial colony of American workers there.
The Kuzbass Society was created, in the United States, and it began recruiting volunteers to work in the colony. In March 1922, an announcement was published in a number of US communist publications: “Pioneers are needed for Siberia! .. For industrial construction ... to support the Russian Revolution and to show the world what free workers can do when their talent is not hindered by the profit system and when they themselves are the sole owners of the products of their labor.” The negotiation process between representatives of the Soviet authorities and the American initiative group continued until the end of 1921 ..
The agreement between the Council of Labor and Defense (STO) and the board of colonists composed of Bill Haywood, Sebald Rutgers and others, on the creation of an autonomous industrial colony in Kuzbass, was signed on December 25, 1921, in Moscow. Under this agreement, the colonists received the disposal of a mine in the Kemerovo region, a plant still under construction and 10 thousand hectares of land for agricultural purposes. Foreigners, in turn, pledged to work in Russia for at least 2 years, live according to the laws of the RSFSR and obey all resolutions of the service station. The colonists pledged to restore all the enterprises transferred to them and to purchase the advanced equipment necessary for mines and production abroad. The Soviet government categorically insisted on the condition that all financing and supply of American workers would be carried out without raising funds from the Soviet budget. On the initiative of Lenin, the leaders and members of the colony had to pay a “subscription” and would collectively be responsible for ensuring that “only people who are capable and willing to consciously endure a series of severe deprivations, inevitably associated with the restoration of industry in a country that is very backward and ruined”.
The American side, represented by Rutgers, categorically opposed the intervention of the Supreme Soviet of the National Economy in the affairs of the "autonomous industrial colony." Serious disagreements between the Soviet authorities (represented by Valerian Kuybyshev) and the autonomous workers, including on the financial conditions and the composition of the colony's organizing committee, subject to approval by the Labor and Defense Council, prevented practical steps to transfer Kuzbass to operation. In addition, a group of American enthusiasts received complaints from Ludwig Martens, who described Haywood as “only an agitator, semi-anarchist,” and Rutgers as “a wonderful comrade and propagandist,” but “hardly an administrator.”.
Organization's activities
Foreigners examined many areas of Kuzbass (Novokuznetsk, Bachatsky, Guryevsk, Kiselyovsk, Kuznetsky). The Kemerovo Rudnik, in which there was the necessary infrastructure and labor resources, was considered the most suitable for the endeavor. The official registration of the AIC took place on December 22, 1922. At the first stage, the colony was handed the mines of the Kemerovo, by 1923 the Kolchuginsky, Prokopyevsky and Kiselevsky mines were added. At the same time, two representative offices of the AIC in New York and Berlin opened, which were engaged in the search for workers for the colony and made purchases of equipment. The colony's activities were covered in the Kuzbass Bulletin regularly published in New York by the Kuzbass Society.
About 750 workers and specialists arrived from abroad to work at the AIC enterprises in the Kuznetsk basin. The national composition of the colonists was quite diverse, there were Americans, Finns, Germans, Yugoslavs, Russians (about 30 nationalities in total).
While men were the majority, a significant number of the foreign colonists were women, who were drawn to the colony by its promises of gender equality and the freedom from 'Kitchen Slavery' the Soviet Union in general offered. Some, such as Ruth Kennedy, would come with their families, while others would come alone. Despite the fact that the basis of the colony was represented by foreigners, a significant percentage of the workers were Russian miners, their number was in the region of 5000 people. According to data, about 500 Americans were employed there, instead of the planned 3 thousand (in total, 560 foreigners worked in the colony). About 8 thousand people were employed at the colony enterprises by the end of 1923. In the official documents of the colony, there was no mention of the predominantly American composition of the volunteer contingent that worked in it, but in the press and even in official documents it often appeared under the name "American Colony". The colony was headed by Sebald Rutgers, who left this post in 1926 for health reasons. Kutkin, the Russian engineer who replaced Rutgers as the head of the AIC, turned the entire foreign colony against himself, which led to its gradual elimination.
The colonists, together with the Soviet government, sought to make the AIC an independent industrial unit in the Kuznetsk basin. Moreover, the AIC claimed the right of an exemplary enterprise, to which the rest should be equal. But the main task for foreigners was the restoration and development of the heavy coal industry of Kuzbass. The center of their activity was the Kemerovo region, where the main enterprises and the board of the entire organization were located. The “Kuzbass AIC” reconstructed a number of mines, built and put into production the first chemical processing plant in Russia and organized an advanced agricultural farm. Under the AIC, villages in the Kemerovo region were massively electrified and luxury districts were built in the cities of Kuzbass.
Life in the Colony
In the early days of the colony, nearly all of the day-to-day aspects of residents' lives were communally based: food, access to medicine, and other daily necessities were distributed equally among the residents, and all labour was wageless. Ruth Kennell would describe its organization in their personal journal: "The food is plentiful and well cooked, though the diet is too starchy...those who prefer to do their own cooking are given payocks (rations) for ten days. Soap and tobacco are rationed monthly. All colony members except children and mothers of infants must do useful work. In return the workers receive food, shelter, and certain winter clothing such as fur caps and gloves and felt boots. A community laundry launders ten pieces weekly for each worker. A shoe shop repairs shoes. We get along very nicely without money in Kuzbas Colony."
Despite this commitment to equality, however, tensions and discrepancies still arose between certain groups in the population. Industrial workers were the political majority, and had little patience for the white-collar residents, at one point voting to increase the working hours of office workers from eight to nine. Additionally, the gender roles which many of the women workers had hoped to escape would creep into daily life, as many were expected to take charge of household duties while simultaneously participating in colony work. There was also tension between the foreigners in general and the Russian residents, as each believed the other was receiving preferential treatment from the Soviet government.
Most of the communal aspects of colony life would come to an end with the institution of the New Economic Policy, as Kuzbass, along with all other Soviet enterprises, was expected to adopt a wage labour system in the name of increasing productivity. This would involve dividing the residents of the colony into seventeen different categories, a move which many of the white-collar workers believed would only widen the gap between the political power of the industrial workers and the white collar workers, in favour of the industrial workers. Many of the foreign workers saw this as a betrayal of communist values, and would return to their home countries in protest. Two of the departees, Ruth and Thomas Doyle, would go a step further, accusing the Soviet government of having 'scammed' them and making claims that they had been pressured to participate in 'free love' with the colony, with its Russian leadership attacking the idea of monogamy (a statement which all of the remaining colonists would refute).
Dissolution of the AIC
Despite its successes, the contract with AIC was terminated on December 28, 1926. The industrial colony paid off in the recovery period with its limited production size, but when industrialization began, the pace of development accelerated and the scale of industry expanded, the AIC could no longer maintain efficiency with its own special form of organization. In 1923, foreign experts, in particular Americans, began to be arrested and repressed, some were shot in the 1930s. A significant number of the American workers returned to the United States.
By 1926, no more than 10 colonists remained in Russia, who soon left for other cities of the country. One of the remaining leaders of the AIC, a former worker at the Ford plant in Detroit and the first elected mayor of the American village in Kuzbass, John Tuchelsky, was transferred to the Gorky Automobile Plant after the liquidation of the AIC and later executed during the Great Purge. The Soviet encyclopedic reference books contain no mention of AIC and its noticeable contribution to the industrial development of Siberia.
Further reading
Anna Louise Strong, From Stalingrad to Kuzbas: Sketches of the Socialist Construction in the USSR. International Pamphlets. New York: International Publishers, 1932.
Margaret Graham, Swing Shift, New York: Citadel, 1951. Contains a fictional account.
J.P. Morray, Project Kuzbas: American Workers in Siberia (1921–1926). New York: International Publishers, 1983.
See also
Industrial Workers of the World
References
External links
A history of Kuzbass, including the involvement of the IWW
A later (1945) Industrial Worker editor reply to a request sent from the USSR
Industrial Workers of the World
Intentional communities
Syndicalism
Kemerovo Oblast
Economy of the Soviet Union
Autonomous administrative divisions
1922 establishments in Russia
1926 disestablishments in the Soviet Union
This is a list of villages in Desri block, Vaishali district, Bihar state, India.
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Desri
Lieutenant Navdeep Singh, AC was a Ghatak Platoon Commander of 15 Maratha Light Infantry regiment in the Indian Army.
They led an operation to ambush 17 well-trained and armed terrorists who infiltrated into Jammu and Kashmir state. They killed 4 of the terrorists and brought an injured team member to safety before succumbing to fatal injury from close range. They were posthumously conferred the highest peacetime gallantry award of India Ashoka Chakra by President of India on the 63rd Republic Day.
Early life and education
Born in Gurdaspur, Singh was a third-generation soldier to serve in the Indian Army. Their grandfather was a junior commissioned officer while their father Joginder Singh served as Subedar-major in the Bengal Sappers for 30 years and retired as Honorary Captain. They completed their schooling from Army Public School, Tibri and completed their graduation in B.Sc. in hotel management in 2006 from IHM-Gurdaspur and post-graduation in the Army Institute of Management, Kolkata in 2009, where they received their MBA degree.
Military career
Singh shunned a corporate career and instead joined the Officers Training Academy as a gentleman cadet. They were commissioned into the Army Ordnance Corps, on 19 March 2011. As is the custom for all the non-fighting arms of the Indian Army, officers must complete an attachment of two years with an infantry battalion in a war or counter-insurgency theatre. For the duration of these two years, the officer, for all practical purposes, belongs to the said infantry battalion. Lieutenant Singh was attached to the 15 Maratha Light Infantry in Jammu & Kashmir in their first posting as a commissioned officer.
Ambush
On 20 August 2011, Singh planned and led the operation to kill or capture 17 armed terrorists in Gurez Sector of northern Kashmir. They set up an ambush for terrorists and ordered the team to not open the fire before they do.
After waiting till terrorists were just meters away, they cornered the infiltrators before attack. They had positioned themselves in the least cover point and their team behind boulders, before attacking. They shot dead three terrorists when they were wounded in the head from about five meters' distance while trying to pull an injured soldier to safety. They nevertheless killed the fourth terrorist. They managed to pull their comrade-in-arms to safety and kept firing till death.
The encounter lasted about 8 minutes in which 12 well-trained terrorists were killed. Their body taken to a hospital in Srinagar.
Ashok Chakra Award Citation
Honors
The body of Lieutenant Navdeep Singh was brought to their hometown Gurdaspur the next day wrapped in the Indian flag in a military convoy. Mourners included people of their hometown, personnel from civil and army officers and soldiers from their regiment who gave them a guard of honor and the final salute. A state cabinet minister representing the chief minister laid a wreath on their body. They were cremated with full state and army honors amid crowd showering flowers and chanting "Navdeep Singh amar rahe".
They were awarded the Ashoka Chakra posthumously on the 63rd Republic Day by President of India Pratibha Patil.
In popular culture
India's Most Fearless 2 (2018), book by Shiv Aroor and Rahul Singh, features the true story of fourteen Indian Army' Extraordinary Officers. Lieutenant Navdeep Singh's story is told in the chapter 3, ‘Fire When You Can See Their Faces'.
References
1985 births
2011 deaths
Recipients of the Ashoka Chakra (military decoration)
Indian Army officers
People from Gurdaspur
Ashoka Chakra
Keita or Keïta may refer to:
People
Keita (given name)
Keita (surname)
History
Keita Dynasty, a ruling lineage of Mali
Geography
Keita Department, a region of Niger
Keita, Niger, a town in Keita department
Politics
Keita Integrated Development Project, a food security project in Niger
Entertainment
Keïta! l'Héritage du griot, a 1995 Burkinabé film by Dani Kouyaté
Sport
Centre Salif Keita, a Malian football club
Pavillon des sports Modibo Keita, a Malian indoor sporting arena
Stade Centre Salif Keita, a Malian football stadium
Stade Modibo Kéïta, a Malian multi-purpose sports stadium
Sequencing by ligation is a DNA sequencing method that uses the enzyme DNA ligase to identify the nucleotide present at a given position in a DNA sequence. Unlike most currently popular DNA sequencing methods, this method does not use a DNA polymerase to create a second strand. Instead, the mismatch sensitivity of a DNA ligase enzyme is used to determine the underlying sequence of the target DNA molecule.
Process
DNA ligase is an enzyme that joins together ends of DNA molecules. Although commonly represented as joining two pairs of ends at once, as in the ligation of restriction enzyme fragments, ligase can also join the ends on only one of the two strands (for example, when the other strand is already continuous or lacks a terminal phosphate necessary for ligation). DNA ligase is sensitive to the structure of DNA and has very low efficiency when there are mismatches between the bases of the two strands.
Sequencing by ligation relies upon the sensitivity of DNA ligase for base-pairing mismatches. The target molecule to be sequenced is a single strand of unknown DNA sequence, flanked on at least one end by a known sequence. A short "anchor" strand is brought in to bind the known sequence.
A mixed pool of probe oligonucleotides is then brought in (eight or nine bases long), labeled (typically with fluorescent dyes) according to the position that will be sequenced. These molecules hybridize to the target DNA sequence, next to the anchor sequence, and DNA ligase preferentially joins the molecule to the anchor when its bases match the unknown DNA sequence. Based on the fluorescence produced by the molecule, one can infer the identity of the nucleotide at this position in the unknown sequence.
The oligonucleotide probes may also be constructed with cleavable linkages which can be cleaved after identifying the label. This will both remove the label and regenerate a 5' phosphate on the end of the ligated probe, preparing the system for another round of ligation. This cycle can be repeated several times to read longer sequences. This sequences every Nth base, where N is the length of the probe left behind after cleavage.
To sequence the skipped positions, the anchor and ligated oligonucleotides may be stripped off the target DNA sequence, and another round of sequencing by ligation started with an anchor one or more bases shorter.
A simpler, albeit more limited, technique is to do repeated rounds of a single ligation where the label corresponds to different position in the probe, followed by stripping the anchor and ligated probe.
Sequencing by ligation can proceed in either direction (either 5'-3' or 3'-5') depending on which end of the probe oligonucleotides are blocked by the label. The 3'-5' direction is more efficient for doing multiple cycles of ligation. Note that this is the opposite direction to polymerase based sequencing methods.
Limitations
This sequencing by ligation method has been reported to have problems sequencing palindromic sequences.
See also
Sequencing by hybridization
2 Base Encoding
ABI Solid Sequencing
References
DNA sequencing methods
Fernando D'Amico (born 10 February 1975) is an Argentine retired footballer.
 They are the brother of Patricio D'Amico.
References
1975 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
All Boys footballers
Huracán Corrientes footballers
Quilmes Atlético Club footballers
CD Badajoz players
Lille OSC players
Le Mans FC players
Pontevedra CF footballers
Ethnikos Piraeus F.C. players
CF Extremadura footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in France
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Segunda División players
Gamma Ethniki players
Footballers from Buenos Aires
The boulder chat (Pinarornis plumosus) is a species of bird in the thrush family Turdidae native to dry woodland and savanna in Southern Africa. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Pinarornis.
Taxonomy
The boulder chat was formally described in 1876 by the English ornithologist Richard Bowdler Sharpe. They introduced a new genus specifically for this species and coined the binomial name Pinarornis plumosus. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek pinaros meaning "dirty" with ornis meaning "bird". The specific epithet plumosus is Latin and means "feathered" or "downy".
Although formerly classified in the family Muscicapidae, a 2020 phylogenetic study, the results of which were followed by the International Ornithological Congress, indicates that Pinarornis is in fact a basal clade within the thrush family Turdidae.
Description
The boulder chat is a large chat, in length, with brownish-black plumage and white tips to the outer tail feathers. In flight, a row of small white spots can be seen on the edge of the primary and secondary coverts. Females are similar to males but have a slightly duller plumage.
Distribution and habitat
The species is native to Southern Africa, including Botswana, Malawi, Mozambique, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. There are distinct populations in the far west of Botswana and southern Zimbabwe; north eastern Zimbabwe, extending into western Mozambique; and a third population in eastern Zambia extending up the Luangwa valley into Malawi.
The boulder chat inhabits well-wooded savanna terrain with large granite boulders or scree, usually in woodland areas, especially miombo. This species belongs to a monotypic genus which has no near relatives and it is considered that it evolved on the southern African granite shield, which formation's extent is almost identical to the distribution of the boulder chat.
Ecology
The species is most often seen around large boulders, running and bounding on the ground. It often cocks its tail over its back. Eggs are laid in September to January, with a peak in October and November. After breeding the family remains together as a party until the next breeding season.
Conservation
The IUCN currently classifies the boulder chat as Least Concern. The species may however be under some pressure from habitat loss due to the invasive weed Lantana camara.
References
External links
Recordings at Xeno-Canto
boulder chat
boulder chat
Birds of East Africa
Fauna of Zimbabwe
Fauna of South Africa
boulder chat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Etiler is a neighbourhood on the European side of Istanbul, Turkey, in the district of Beşiktaş, close to the business quarters of Levent and Maslak.
Etiler is famous for its upmarket cafés, pubs, night clubs, restaurants, gyms, coiffeurs, fashion shops and shopping malls, such as Akmerkez. It is a favourite area among Istanbul's elite. The quarter also has many villas and private residences.
The name Etiler is an older name in Turkish for the Hittites, as it was fashionable in the early years of the Turkish Republic to give the names of ancient Anatolian civilizations to the new districts of Istanbul. A similar example is the neighbouring quarter of Akatlar, which means Akkads, another ancient civilization from the history of Anatolia.
Shopping
Akmerkez is one of the best known shopping malls in Istanbul. It has all the major fashion brands, cafes and restaurants. Mayadrom is a smaller, more boutique shopping centre. Nispetiye Street is considered as the core centre of Etiler, with cafes, restaurants and designer shops.
Education
The Istanbul Japanese School is located in Etiler.
Also, one of the campuses of the British International School Istanbul as well as a campus of Tarabya British Schools are located in Etiler.
Bogazici University, which is a public university with different faculties like education, engineering, and arts and sciences, is also located in Etiler. It is situated near the end of Nispetiye Street, and has a remarkable view of the Bosphorus, as well as the Anatolian side.
The middleschools, Hasan Ali Yücel Middleschool and the Cumhuriyet Middleschool are both located in the area as well.
Transportation
The M6 metro line with 4 stops; Levent, Nispetiye, Etiler & Boğaziçi Üni/Hisarüstü connects Etiler to the rest of the Istanbul Metro.
There are buses from Kabatas, Taksim and Sisli to Etiler.
References
Further reading
Municipality of Beşiktaş. Information on the Etiler neighbourhood. 2009.
External links
Miscellaneous images of Etiler
Etiler Virtual Tour
Neighbourhoods of Beşiktaş
Istanbul Central Business District
Oskar Bäck (born March 12, 2000) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward currently playing as a prospect to the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL). Bäck was drafted in the third round, 75th overall, by the Stars in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Bäck made their SHL debut playing for Färjestad BK in 2017, playing in 14 games in the 2017–18 season.
On 9 May 2018, Bäck was signed to continue their development with BIK Karlskoga of the HockeyAllsvenskan for the duration of the 2018–19 season. Receiving heavier minutes and responsibilities, Bäck registered 16 assists and 20 points in 45 regular season games. Following BIK Karlskoga's qualification series, Bäck returned to SHL club, Färjestad BK.
On 22 April 2021, Bäck was signed by draft club, the Dallas Stars, to a three-year, entry-level contract.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Bofors IK players
Dallas Stars draft picks
Färjestad BK players
Swedish ice hockey centres
Texas Stars players
Sportspeople from Karlstad
Andranolalina is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Midongy-Atsimo, which is a part of Atsimo-Atsinanana Region. There are 1534 inscribed electors in this commune.
Main town is Andranolalina but the commune also covers the neighboring villages of:
Ampatramary
Mahasoa Analatelo
Haramanga
Ambararata, Andranolalina
Anevandava
Ampatranila
Antanambao, Andranolalina
Antanandava, Andranolalina
References and notes
Populated places in Atsimo-Atsinanana
Jean-Jacques Razafindranazy (9 November 1952 – 21 March 2020) was a Madagascar-born medical doctor. They were known for their work as a doctor during the COVID-19 pandemic, during which they died of COVID-19.
Biography
Born in Madagascar in 1952, Razafindranazy lived in Soissons with their wife, who also worked as a doctor specializing in pediatrics. They were immediately called to action for the outbreak of COVID-19 while returning from a vacation to Madagascar, a time during which their children described them as "in good shape". However, a shortage of face masks and the stresses of working in healthcare during this time led to them catching the virus. They were immediately transferred to the CHU hospital in Lille, where they died on 21 March 2020.
The French Minister of Social Affairs and Health, Olivier Véran, announced Razafindranazy's death on RTL on 22 March 2020, as did Patrick Pelloux, President of the Association des médecins urgentistes de France, on BFM TV. Razafindranazy's death was the first among French health professionals, and it caused a greater stress on the importance of wearing FFP2 masks while treating patients infected with the coronavirus.
References
1952 births
2020 deaths
20th-century French physicians
Malagasy emigrants to France
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in France
21st-century French physicians
French people of Malagasy descent
Malagasy physicians
Thordisa filix is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1951
Taxa named by Alice Pruvot-Fol
Dustin Michael Ackley (born February 26, 1988) is an American former professional baseball second baseman and outfielder. They played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners and New York Yankees.
Ackley played college baseball for the North Carolina Tar Heels, and was selected second overall by the Mariners in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. After going through a transformation to develop their skills defensively at second base, they joined the Mariners June 17, 2011. The Mariners traded them to the Yankees during the 2015 season.
Amateur career
High school
Ackley attended South Stokes High School in Walnut Cove, North Carolina, for their first three years of high school, where they played for the school's baseball team. They transferred to North Forsyth High School in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, for their senior year, after the coach of the South Stokes baseball team resigned. Ackley chose North Forsyth because they knew several of their baseball players from Amateur Athletic Union competition. They pitched and played third base for North Forsyth. They earned preseason and postseason Louisville Slugger All-American honors as a senior. They were Conference Player of the Year as a junior. They helped South Stokes to North Carolina 1A state titles in 2003 and 2004.
Ackley was a member of the A Honor Roll.
College
Ackley attended the University of North Carolina (UNC) to play college baseball for the North Carolina Tar Heels baseball team. As a first-year student in 2007, Ackley set Carolina single-season records and led the nation with 119 hits, 296 at-bats, and 73 games played. They started all 73 games, including 65 at first base. They recorded a .402 batting average, becoming just the fifth Tar Heel to bat over .400 in a single season. Their 74 runs scored set a UNC first-year student record. They were the national first-year student of the year, earning top rookie billing from Baseball America, Collegiate Baseball Newspaper, and Rivals.com. They claimed the S.H. Basnight Award as North Carolina's most valuable position player. Ackley and the Tar Heels made it to the final round of the 2007 College World Series, losing to the Oregon State Beavers.
In 2008, Ackley started all 68 games, 60 at first base and eight in left field. They hit .417 on the season with a school-record 82 runs scored, seven home runs, 51 RBI and 19 stolen bases. They rank as the only player in Carolina history to hit over .400 twice in a career and also posted Carolina top-10 single-season totals in hits, walks, total bases and at-bats. Ackley once again participated in the 2008 College World Series, and was named an All-American. After the 2008 season, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Harwich Mariners of the Cape Cod Baseball League.
As a junior in 2009, Ackley led the Tar Heels with a .412 batting average and 22 home runs, and became the second Tar Heel, following Chad Flack, to record 300 hits and 200 runs scored for the program. They were named Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Player of the Year. Ackley earned All-America honors for the second straight season. They also are a semifinalist for the Golden Spikes Award, given to the nation's top amateur baseball player, and on watch lists for the Dick Howser Trophy and the Brooks Wallace Award. They again won the S.H. Basnight Award. They again participated in the 2009 College World Series. They were a finalist for the 2009 Golden Spikes Award (behind Stephen Strasburg).
Professional career
Draft and minor leagues
The Seattle Mariners selected Ackley with the second overall selection in the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. Ackley signed a five-year major league contract worth $7.5 million total: a $6 million signing bonus and $1.5 million in guaranteed salaries, with another $2.5 million possible in salaries depending on how quickly they reached the majors. The deal was later confirmed and an agreement was reached between the Mariners and their agent Scott Boras about 15 minutes before the signing deadline.
Ackley was assigned to the Peoria Javelinas of the Arizona Fall League joining fellow prospects Phillippe Aumont, Josh Fields, Anthony Varvaro, Nick Hill, Joe Dunigan, Carlos Triunfel and Juan Díaz. Ackley was chosen as an Arizona Fall League Rising Star on November 2. On November 20, Ackley was named Arizona Fall League MVP.
First reported by the Mariners' infield instructors, Ackley will be trying to play second base. They came to University of North Carolina as a shortstop but later moved to centerfield, and then later to first base. UNC coach Mike Fox first tried to play Ackley at second base, but later settled in the outfield. Ackley made their debut at second base for the West Tenn Diamond Jaxx of the Class AA Southern League on April 8, 2010, the Southern League's opening day. Ackley led off, going 0–4 with a walk and a strikeout.
Seattle Mariners
The Mariners promoted Ackley from the Tacoma Rainiers for their first major league start at second base on June 17, 2011, making them the 20,000th player to debut in the Major Leagues.
Ackley hit a single in their first at bat against the Philadelphia Phillies' Roy Oswalt on June 17. Ackley recorded their first major league home run on June 18 and their first major league triple on June 19. Ackley finished the season with a .273 average as they were voted MVP of the Seattle Mariners by the Seattle Chapter of the Baseball Writers' Association of America.
On March 28, 2012, Ackley made their season debut in Japan at second base. In their second at-bat, Ackley hit a home run to deep center field off right-hander Brandon McCarthy, the first homer of the season. In 153 games of 2012, Ackley batted .226 with 12 home runs and 50 RBI.
On May 4, 2013, Ackley recorded their first career grand slam in an 8–1 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays. On May 27, 2013, Ackley, unable to stay consistently above the Mendoza Line, was optioned to Triple-A Tacoma to work on their offense. In 113 games of 2013, Ackley had a .253 batting average, 4 home runs, and 31 RBI.
Due to the signing of Robinson Canó, Ackley began playing in the outfield in 2014. In 2014, Ackley set career highs in home runs and in RBI, posting a .245 average with 14 home runs and 65 RBIs after moving to left field for the whole season. Through 85 games in 2015, Ackley hit .215 with six home runs and 19 RBIs.
New York Yankees
On July 30, 2015, the Mariners traded Ackley to the New York Yankees for Ramón Flores and José Ramírez. Ackley went 0-for-3 for the Yankees before they went on the disabled list resulting from a lumbar strain on August 4. After missing five weeks due to the injury, Ackley batted .288 for the remainder of the 2015 season. Overall in 2015, between both teams, Ackley played 108 total games batting .231 with 10 home runs and 30 RBI.
On May 30, 2016, Ackley was placed on the 15-day disabled list due to a separated shoulder and a torn labrum requiring surgery, prematurely ending their 2016 season. In 28 games, Ackley batted .148 with 4 RBIs.
On November 18, the Yankees released Ackley.
Los Angeles Angels
On February 4, 2017, Ackley signed a minor league contract with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. They spent the season with the Triple-A Salt Lake Bees, slashing .261/.340/.376 with 6 home runs and 59 RBI in 116 games with the team. They elected free agency on November 6, 2017, and re-signed with the Angels on a new minor league deal on April 4, 2018. For the second straight year, Ackley played in Salt Lake, hitting .286/.378/.398 with 4 home runs and 39 RBI in 72 games. On November 2, they elected free agency.
Seattle Mariners (second stint)
On January 9, 2019, Ackley signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners that included an invite to Spring Training. On March 12, Ackley was released by the Mariners organization.
Personal life
Ackley is married to Justine Ackley, with whom they had a son, born six weeks premature in February 2015. Ackley is the middle of three children born to John and Joy (née Wall). Their father played Minor League Baseball for the Boston Red Sox' organization, while their older brother, Jordan, played baseball at Lenoir–Rhyne University.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Baseball players from Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Major League Baseball second basemen
Major League Baseball outfielders
Seattle Mariners players
New York Yankees players
North Carolina Tar Heels baseball players
Peoria Javelinas players
West Tennessee Diamond Jaxx players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders players
Salt Lake Bees players
All-American college baseball players
Harwich Mariners players
Character orientation is how people relate to the world by acquiring and using things (assimilation) and by relating to self and others (socialization), and they can do so either nonproductively or productively. Erich Fromm is a theorist who came up with six different character orientations; Receptive, Exploitative, Hoarding, Necrophilous, Marketing and Productive.
History
German-American psychoanalyst Erich Fromm was influenced by Freudian ideologies when coming up with the theory of character orientation. The basis of character orientation comes from Freud who said that character traits underlie behavior and that they must be inferred from it. These character traits can be powerful forces which are totally unconscious to the person. Fromm along with Freud believed that the most important aspect in one's character was not a single character trait, but rather, the total character organization from where many single character traits follow. These character traits can be understood as a syndrome resulting from a particular character orientation. In other words, the character of any given person is a blend of all, or some of the orientations, but where one is more predominant.
Nonproductive orientation
Receptive orientation
They receive satisfaction from outside factors, and thus they passively wait for others to provide them with things that they need. For example, they want someone to provide them with love and attention. They are not the ones to give these things away and often lose loved ones who are close to them because of their inabilities to talk about their feelings or troubles. They find it hard to let go of past issues, often trivial, and develop a feeling of a secure present and future. They tend to see minor, innocent things as a threat to their security with a spouse or loved one. A receptive person is known for their huge lack of creativity.
Exploitative orientation
Exploitative-oriented people aggressively take what they want rather than passively receiving it. These types of people do whatever they can to get what they want; even if it includes stealing, or snatching something away from somebody else just to get it.
Hoarding orientation
Hoarding-oriented people save what they already have obtained, including their opinions, feelings, and material possessions. It may be love, power, or someone's time.
Marketing orientation
People who are marketing orientated see themselves as commodities and value themselves against the criterion of their ability to sell themselves. They have fewer positive qualities than the other orientations because they are essentially empty.
Necrophilous orientation
Concerning this, Fromm wrote:
The capacity for the attraction to death is one which is given in any human being if they fail in development of what I would call their primary potentiality, namely to be related to life as something which is interesting, something which is joyful, or to develop their powers of love and reason. If all of these things remain incomplete, then man is prone to develop another form of relatedness, that of destroying life.
Productive orientation
There is a healthy personality as well, which Erich Fromm occasionally refers to as "the person without a mask". This is the type of person who, without disavowing their or their biological and social nature, does not avoid freedom and responsibility. This person most likely comes out of a family that loves, which prefers reason to rules, and freedom to conformity.
See also
Erich Fromm
Personality
References
External links
Boeree, C. George. Personality Theories: Erich Fromm 1997, 2006.
Fromm, E. (1947). Man For Himself. Canada:Holt, Rinehart, and Winston of Canada Limited.
(Fromm online)
Personality traits
CPFC most often refers to English football club Crystal Palace F.C. It may also refer to:
Cergy Pontoise FC, also known as CPFC, a French football club
Crystal Palace Baltimore, also known as CPFC Baltimore, an American soccer club
Events in the year 1835 in Bolivia.
Incumbents
President: Andrés de Santa Cruz
Vice President:
José Miguel de Velasco (until 23 July)
Mariano Enrique Calvo (starting 23 July)
Ongoing events
Salaverry-Santa Cruz War (1835–1836)
Events
June
15 June – Salaverry-Santa Cruz War: President Santa Cruz and Anselmo Quiroz, representing Peruvian President Luis José de Orbegoso, sign a treaty in La Paz authorizing Bolivia to intervene in Peru.
July
23 July – Mariano Enrique Calvo is appointed as the 3rd vice president of Bolivia, succeeding José Miguel de Velasco.
August
13 August – Salaverry-Santa Cruz War – Battle of Yanacocha: A united Peru-Bolivian army commanded by Andrés de Santa Cruz defeats Agustín Gamarra at Yanacocha.
16 August – Santa Cruz is elected Constitutional President of the Republic by the parish electoral boards.
Births
Deaths
Citations
Bibliography
1800s in Bolivia
Bolivia
Bolivia
Years of the 19th century in Bolivia
Ray Davey is a former association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level.
Davey made their full All Whites debut in a 5–6 loss to South Africa on 28 June 1947 and ended their international playing career with four A-international caps to their credit, their final cap an appearance in a 1–4 loss to South Africa on 17 July 1947.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
35th New York Film Critics Circle Awards
January 25, 1970(announced December 29, 1969)
Best Picture:
Z
The 35th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honored the best filmmaking of 1969.
Winners
Best Actor:
Jon Voight - Midnight Cowboy
Runners-up: Dustin Hoffman - Midnight Cowboy and Robert Redford - Downhill Racer
Best Actress:
Jane Fonda - They Shoot Horses, Don't They?
Runners-up: Vanessa Redgrave - Isadora and Maggie Smith - The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie
Best Director:
Costa-Gavras - Z
Runners-up: Richard Attenborough - Oh! What a Lovely War and Luchino Visconti - The Damned (La caduta degli dei)
Best Film:
Z
Runners-up: Oh! What a Lovely War and The Damned (La caduta degli dei)
Best Screenplay:
Paul Mazursky and Larry Tucker - Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice
Runners-up: François Truffaut, Claude de Givray and Bernard Revon - Stolen Kisses (Baisers volés) and Luchino Visconti, Enrico Medioli and Nicola Badalucco - The Damned (La caduta degli dei)
Best Supporting Actor:
Jack Nicholson - Easy Rider
Runner-up: Elliott Gould - Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice
Best Supporting Actress:
Dyan Cannon - Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice
Runners-up: Catherine Burns - Last Summer and Delphine Seyrig - Stolen Kisses (Baisers volés)
References
External links
1969 Awards
1969
New York Film Critics Circle Awards, 1969
1969 in American cinema
1969 in New York City
1969 awards in the United States
Grandslam Interactive Ltd. (formerly Grandslam Entertainments Ltd. and later Grandslam Video Ltd.) was a video games software house based in Britain. It was formed in late 1987 from a management buy-out of Argus Press Software by former Argus Managing Director, Stephen Hall and close friend David C. Dudman. Grandslam developed and published many games for home computers during the 1980s and 1990s. Originally based in central London, the offices were relocated to Croydon in 1990.
List of games
1987
Terramex
1988
Chubby Gristle
Espionage
City Survivor
The Flintstones
Pac-Land
Pac-Mania
Peter Beardsley's International Football
Alternate Reality: The City
1989
The Running Man
Saint & Greavsie
Thunderbirds
The Seven Gates of Jambala
Warp
Terry's Big Adventure
Trivia - The Ultimate Quest
Chambers of Shaolin
1990
The Hunt for Red October
Scramble Spirits
Space Harrier II
Leavin Teramis
Dragonflight
1991
Die Hard 2: Die Harder
England Championship Special
1992
Nick Faldo's Championship Golf
Stone Age
1993
Liverpool: The Computer Game
Beastlord
Armaeth: The Lost Kingdom
Legend of Myra
1994
Bump 'N' Burn
Nick Faldo's Championship Golf
Reunion
Beavers
ITS Cricket: International Test Series
1995
Base Jumpers
ITS Cricket: International Test Series
Unpublished
Seven Swords of Mendor
Fighting Survivor
References
External links
Grandslam Interactive Ltd. at MobyGames
Defunct video game companies of the United Kingdom
Video game companies established in 1987
The current state flag of the Northern Territory was officially adopted by the Northern Territory, Australia, in 1978. The Northern Territory has been in existence since 1911, but did not hoist its first flag until self-government in 1978.
History
The flag of the Northern Territory was officially acknowledged and raised for the first time in a ceremony celebrating self-government, on the esplanade in Darwin, the Territorial capital, on 1 July 1978. The ceremony was further acknowledged by a 19-gun salute from HMAS Derwent. As the Northern Territory never had colonial status or a prior flag, it was decided that an original design would be created. The flag was designed by Robert Ingpen, a prominent artist originally from Drysdale, Victoria. Ingpen used a number of designs suggested by the public as a basis for their final design.
Design
The flag differs from the flags of the Australian states as it does not include the British Blue Ensign. The flag of the Australian Capital Territory adopted 15 years later is similar in design. The flag's colours consist of the official Territorian colours of black, white and ochre (making it the only flag among Australia's states and territories not to feature the colour blue). The Southern Cross appears as five white stars on a black panel at the hoist. In the fly of the flag is a stylised Sturt's Desert Rose, the territory's floral emblem since 1961, with seven white petals and a black seven-pointed core. The seven white petals represent the six Australian States and the Northern Territory.
See also
Coat of arms of the Northern Territory
List of Australian flags
References
3. Northern Territory Government. (2019) The NT Flag. Retrieved 13 July 2019. https://nt.gov.au/about-government/the-nt-flag
External links
Southern Cross flags
Northern Territory
Northern Territory
1978 establishments in Australia
Northern Territory
Jean-Baptiste Jacques Augustin (August 15, 1759 – April 13, 1832) was a French miniature painter.
Biography
Augustin was born in Saint-Dié-des-Vosges and died in Paris. They might have had some lessons from Jean-Baptiste Claudot and maybe also from Jean Girardet in Nancy. After a few months in Dijon in 1781 they arrived in Paris the same year where they soon earned fame. During the French Revolution days they travelled to Brest (1789) and to Saint-Dié-des-Vosges (1791).
In 1800 they married their pupil Pauline Ducruet, 22 years younger than him. They worked for Napoleon and their entourage and, in 1806, received a gold medal in recognition of their skills. In 1814 Louis XVIII appointed them peintre ordinaire du Cabinet du roi, later peintre des Affaires étrangères, and in 1819 peintre en miniature de la Chambre et du Cabinet du roi. In 1821 they were awarded the Légion d'honneur. In 1791 they exhibited at the Exposition de la Jeunesse, and from then until 1831 they also took part in the Paris Salon. They died of cholera in 1832 and was buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery. Alongside Isabey, Augustin was the most significant teacher of miniature painting of their time; they taught over 400 pupils including Besselièvre, Borel, Comte, Delacazette, Delatour, Fontallard, Mirbel, Sieurac, Sparrgren and Tixier de Ladouce.
Famous people painted by Augustin
Louis Hector Chalot de Saint-Mart
Louis-Joseph de Bourbon, prince de Condé
Napoleon I and their family
Louis XVIII, king of France
Louis-Philippe d'Orléans, duke of Orléans (1773–1850)
Marquise de Ségonzac
Madame Récamier (1777–1849)
Laurence Geneviève Vanhee, née Devinck, wife of the banker
General Laconpérie
Charles Antoine Callamard (1776–1821) Paris, Louvre
Charles-Ferdinand, duke of Berry (1778–1820)
Antoine Denis Chaudet (1763–1810), sculptor
Madame de Kercado
Louis Joseph Auguste Coutan (1779–1830)
Marie Joseph Georges Rousse, the former president of the Chambre des notaires de Paris
Anne de Dorat, countess Coiffier de Moret
Anne Josephe Theroigne de Mericourt (1762–1817), a French Revolution pasionaria
Bibliography
Henri Bouchot, La Miniature française de 1750 à 1825, Goupil, 1907.
Maria Carmen Espinosa Martín, Iluminaciones, pequeños retratos y miniaturas, Madrid, Fundación Lázaro Galdiano, 1999, 362 p.
Fleuriot de Langle et Schlumberger, "Les miniatures de Jacques Augustin", Connaissance des Arts, n° 69, November 1957
Camille Mauclair, Les Miniatures de l'Empire et de la Restauration, portraits de femmes, Paris, H. Piazza, 1913, 137 p.
Bernd Pappe, „Jean-Baptiste Jacques Augustin et son atelier à Paris“, in: Nicole Garnier-Pelle (Hrsg.), La miniature en Europe. Actes du colloque organisé par la fondation pour la sauvegarde et le développement du domaine de Chantilly, Maison de Sylvie, 10 et 11 octobre 2007, Paris 2008, p. 100-105.
Bernd Pappe, „Augustin Dubourg, Augustin fils/neveu et Joseph-Ange Augustin: trois artistes d'une même famille dans l'ombre de leur célèbre parent“, in: Nathalie Lemoine-Bouchard (ed.), La miniature en Europe. Des portraits de propagande aux oeuvres éléphantesques, Paris 2013, S. 58–62.
Bernd Pappe, „Jean-Baptiste Jacques Augustin et Louis Febvrel, une amitié à distance mais de longue durée“, in: Nathalie Lemoine-Bouchard (ed.), Lettre de la miniature, Nr. 18, 2013, S. 3–5.
Bernd Pappe, „Le carnet d'esquisses de Pauline Augustin : quatre miniatures capitales et leurs dessins préparatoires“, in: Nathalie Lemoine-Bouchard (ed.), Lettre de la miniature, Nr. 31, 2015, S. 3–8.
Bernd Pappe (ed.): Jean-Baptiste Jacques Augustin. Peintre en miniature. Saint-Dié des Vosges, 2010, (exhibition catalogue, Musée Pierre-Noël, Saint-Dié-des-Vosges, 17 April - 20 June 2010).
Bernd Pappe: Jean-Baptiste Jacques Augustin 1759–1832. Une nouvelle excellence dans l'art du portrait en miniature. Scripta, Verona 2015, .
Charles Peccatte, "Jean Baptiste Jacques Augustin", Bulletin de la Société philomatique vosgienne, t. XXXIX, p. 61-88
J. L. Propert, History of Miniature Art, London, 1887.
Albert Ronsin (under the direction of), Les Vosgiens célèbres. Dictionnaire biographique illustré, Vagney (88120), Éditions Gérard Louis, 1990, 394 p.
H. Roujon, "La Miniature", Illustration, Christmas 1912
Gaston Save, „Jacques Augustin“, Bulletin de la société philomatique vosgienne, 1880–81, Nr. 6, S. 91-102.
Gaston Save, „Jacques Augustin“, Bulletin de la société philomatique vosgienne, 1881–82, Nr. 7, S. 103–111.
Gaston Save, Augustin, miniaturiste lorrain, Nancy 1888.
G. C. Williamson, History of Portrait Miniatures, 1904.
See also
Portrait miniature
External links
1759 births
1832 deaths
People from Saint-Dié-des-Vosges
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
18th-century French painters
French male painters
19th-century French painters
19th-century French male artists
Carolyn Steinberg (born 1956) is an American flutist and composer.
Biography
Steinberg graduated from North Texas State University with a Bachelor of Music degree in music theory in 1978. They went on to study composition with Ludmila Ulehla at the Manhattan School of Music where they received a master's degree, and with and Bernard Rands at Juilliard where they received a Doctor of Musical Arts in 1989. They also studied in Europe with Franco Donatoni in Siena, Italy, and Brian Ferneyhough and Francis Travis in Germany.
During their studies, Steinberg began working as a music teacher. They taught at Freiburg Conservatory of Music from 1984–86, at Mannes School of Music from 1992–96, and at The Juilliard School, Pre-College Division, from 1993-2001. Steinberg received the Goddard Lieberson Award of the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters in 1990.
Works
Selected compositions include:
La Ventana
El nectar de Apam
Fire in Los Alamos
Ninananna
Danzon Macabre
In the Early Dawn
Alchemy
The Moon Dances Tonight
The Jester and the Necklace
What We Use
Are You Shaky?
Allemande
Courante
Sarabande
Siciliano e Cubano
Do Not Stand at My Grave and Weep
Them works have been recorded and issued on CD, including:
Songs, Dances, Duos chamber music (2007)
References
1956 births
Living people
20th-century classical composers
American music educators
American women music educators
American women classical composers
American classical composers
University of North Texas College of Music alumni
Manhattan School of Music alumni
Juilliard School alumni
20th-century American women musicians
20th-century American composers
20th-century women composers
21st-century American women
Kariz-e Now (, also Romanized as Kārīz-e Now and Kārīz Now) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 599, in 163 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Judith Ann Kathleen Howard (née Duckworth; 21 October 1945 in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire) is a British chemist, crystallographer and Professor of Chemistry at Durham University.
Early life and education
Judith Howard attended Salisbury Grammar School for girls, and later attended University of Bristol in 1963 to study chemistry.
As a final year undergraduate, Howard worked on the structure of the compound, tin tetra-iron-tetra carbonyl, which was the basis of their very first published work.
They graduated from University of Bristol with a Bachelor of Science degree and was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Oxford where they were a student at Somerville College, Oxford and studied the structure of insulin supervised by Dorothy Hodgkin.
Career and research
In 1991 Howard moved to become Professor of Crystallography at Durham University. They have co-authored over 1,500 scientific publications, resulting in a H-index of 82.
Howard's research is in X-ray crystallography. Them interests include in-situ crystallisation of liquids, ultra-low temperature crystallography, high pressure crystallography, experimental charge density analysis, solid-state reactions the study of non-linear optical materials and magnetically interesting materials.
Howard has created instruments that allow scientists to help advance and prove theories in the field of X-ray crystallography.  They are the chairperson of the Olexsys software for refinement of crystallographic data.
Prolific in their contributions to science, with over 1,500 publications to their name, Judith actively participates in committees and conferences worldwide. They were the first woman to head a five-star chemistry department (at the University of Durham). They were one of the founder members of the British Crystallographic Association where they served as Secretary from 1985-1987 and President from 1992-1996.
Awards and honours
They were awarded an Honorary Doctor of Science degree at the University of Bristol in 1986.
In 2005 they received an Honorary Degree from the University of Bath. In 2016 they received an Honorary Doctor of Science Degree from the University of East Anglia. Other awards include:
1996 Appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE)
1999 Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) Prize for Structural Chemistry
2002 elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS)
References
British chemists
British crystallographers
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
1945 births
People from Cleethorpes
Academics of Durham University
Alumni of the University of Bristol
Alumni of Somerville College, Oxford
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British women scientists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of Somerville College, Oxford
Presidents of the British Crystallographic Association
Punta Pescadero Airstrip is a private-use airstrip located in Punta Pescadero, 9 miles North of Los Barriles, Municipality of Los Cabos, Baja California Sur, Mexico. This airport is privately owned by "Punta Pescadero Hotel", and is used solely for general aviation purposes.
External links
Punta Pescadero Airstrip Info
PPC at Kls2.
Airports in Baja California Sur
Los Cabos Municipality (Baja California Sur)
Wolfram Aïchele (29 April 1924 – 9 June 2016) was an artist from Baden-Württemberg in Southern Germany.
Their work has been exhibited in America, Germany, France, Belgium, Switzerland, the Netherlands and Luxembourg.
Their paintings have been acquired by the French state, the City of Paris, The Museum of the History and Art of Luxemburg, the State of Baden-Württemberg, the Federal Bank of Germany and Daimler-Benz, as well as many private collectors.
Son of the distinguished animal artist, Erwin Aichele, Aïchele's Third Reich childhood is the subject of a 2011 book by the author and historian Giles Milton (who is also their son-in-law) called Wolfram: The Boy Who Went To War.
Aïchele's work has been the subject of a number of critical studies, notably Franz Elgar's Wolfram.
 They are listed in Gérard Xuriguéra's "Le dessin, le pastel, l'aquarelle dans l'Art Contemporain"
Early years
Aïchele's childhood was spent in the artists' colony of Eutingen, near Pforzheim in Baden-Württemberg. Their father, Erwin Aichele, worked from a studio in the grounds of the house.
Aïchele developed an interest in folk art at an early age. They had a particular passion for the medieval Gothic art of southern Germany. Lucas Moser's altarpiece in Tiefenbron, the sculptures of Tilman Riemenschneider and the fortress architecture of Bad Wimpfen and other Swabian towns and villages all influenced their early artwork.
At the age of 17, Aïchele decided to train as a sculptor and was accepted on a four-year woodcarving course at the Bavarian State Woodcarving School in Oberammergau.
War years
In 1942, Aïchele's studies were interrupted by the Second World War. They were conscripted into the German army and sent to the Crimea. Severe illness saw them transferred to a military hospital in Marienbad.
Once recuperated, they were sent to Normandy where they served as a communications officer in the German 77th Infantry Division.
They surrendered to American forces at the end of July, 1944 and spent the next two years as a prisoner of war, first in England and then in America.
Studies and influences
Aïchele returned to Oberammergau in 1946 and completed their sculpting course with distinction. One of their finest works, a processional church staff, is on display in the church of St Peter and St Paul in Oberammergau.
The Bavarian State Woodcarving School was open in spirit: Aïchele discovered modern artists whose work had been banned under the Third Reich, notably Emil Nolde, Paul Klee and other artists of Der Blaue Reiter (The Blue Rider).
Aïchele continued their studies at the Academy of Fine Art in Stuttgart, where their tutor was the sculptor Otto Baum. They became particularly interested in religious - and especially Byzantine - art.
In 1954, Aïchele embarked on an artistic pilgrimage to Serbia, Kosovo, Macedonia and Mount Athos. They drew particular inspiration from the medieval monasteries of Kosovo, particularly Gračanica Monastery, Studenica Monastery and Sopoćani Monastery, as well as the Byzantine treasures of Mount Athos.
On returning to Germany, they became increasingly interested in iconography. They painted icons using the traditional technique of egg tempera.
Their aim was to return to the pure iconographical style represented by medieval masters such as Andrei Rublev - a style that had been corrupted in the 19th century.
Among their works from this period is the iconostasis of the Russian Orthodox Church of St Mary Pokrov in Düsseldorf.
The Paris years
Aïchele moved to Paris in 1956. They continued to paint icons but was increasingly drawing inspiration from elsewhere - Eastern European folk art, Persian miniatures and such modern artists as Paul Klee, Wassily Kandinsky and, above all, Marc Chagall and the masters of Cubism.
In the 1970s, Aïchele began to be represented by the celebrated Parisian gallery owner Jean-Louis Roque and their work became known to a wider public.
They were no longer painting icons: their preferred medium was now watercolour, through which they created their own highly idiosyncratic style.
The influence of folk art and iconographical techniques can be seen in many works from this period. Aïchele also drew inspiration from their visits to the Alps: the forms of these mountain ranges are often visible in their paintings.
In the late 1970s, Wolfram's work metamorphosed into a unique blend of figurative art and abstract art. The figurate elements provide the key to unlocking the abstract, whereby the tensions in the composition suddenly reveal a landscape with its horizons and points of light.
Alongside their watercolours, Aïchele has also created different types of collage from paper that they have painted and then torn. These collages have a tactile quality that is enhanced by the intensity of the colour.
Later Works
In their later years, Aïchele worked in a smaller format, displaying particular interest in the interaction between figurative and abstract and shape and form, working with multiple horizons and shafts of light.
 They are represented by Galerie Capazza in Nancay, France.
A 2009 exhibition in Aïchele's native Baden brought together works by eight artist members of the family.
Family life
Aïchele married Barbara Rodi in 1964. They have two children, the jeweller Benedikt Aichele, and the artist and illustrator, Alexandra Milton. Aïchele lived in Paris.
See also
List of German painters
References
External links
The official website of Aïchele
The website of Gallery Cappaza
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
21st-century German painters
21st-century German male artists
2016 deaths
1924 births
German Army officers of World War II
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United Kingdom
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United States
People associated with Mount Athos
is a major fictional character in the popular manga Oh My Goddess! and in the anime of the same name and is voiced by Masami Kikuchi. Their name is often abbreviated as "K1" (1 in the Japanese language is "ichi").
Description
Keiichi was a 21-year-old student of the Nekomi Institute of Technology and a member of the NIT Motor Club. Keiichi is portrayed as a typical college student with a notable lack of experience with women. One day Keiichi accidentally dialed the Goddess Relief Office. Before they could begin to comprehend what on earth was going on, the beautiful Goddess Belldandy warped into Keiichi's dorm to grant them a wish. Convinced their older classmates are playing a prank on them as they have no luck with girls, Keiichi wishes for a girl like Belldandy to be by their side forever. Much to their surprise their wish is granted. Ever since, the two have been together. Belldandy's presence attracted a lot of attention not just in the mortal realm. Even though they may seem indecisive and very shy, when it comes to love they are very reliable.
 They are a very skilled mechanic and an exceptional race driver. Their abilities are somewhat glossed over in the OVA series, but are displayed to great effect in the movie. In the manga, they are bestowed the directorship of the Motor Club, which they subsequently pass on to Sora Hasegawa. At their supposed graduating from college (ch 78, they were one class shy), they started working at the repair shop Whirlwind owned by the founder of the NIT Motor Club: Chihiro Fujimi. They picked up the one class and actually graduated many chapters later.
Keiichi has a sister, Megumi Morisato. As revealed in vol. 23 of the manga, they and their family are originally from the Kushiro subprefecture in northeastern Hokkaidō (the northern island of Japan). Their father Keima is a glassblower with a natural gift for motorcycle maintenance (as well as a fear of being touched by women). Their mother Takano is an avid mah-jong player.
Personality
Simply put, Keiichi is a nice guy. They try to be nice to everyone, and doesn't like to see anyone hurt, or hurt anyone himself. They even try to reason with Welsper, even while the latter is trying to kill him.
However, Keiichi isn't stupid because they think about doing (though sometimes they can be quite gullible), and can (and will) speak out if the situation calls for it.  They are also rather intelligent; for example, once they answered a test full of complex chemical and mechanical questions in two minutes flat while the other students were struggling with more conventional problems.
Keiichi's pure and innocent personality also puts them in the middle of an unusual love relationship. While they understand they love Belldandy (and they love them as well), they sometimes have a difficult time expressing their feelings. However, there is no mistaking the bond between them, as they and Belldandy had passed the ultimate test of true love in the Ah! My Goddess: The Movie. Finally, they also seem to exhibit unadulterated purity in their actions; they help out others in need, they rarely complain about setbacks, and always attempts to be truthful about any situation. However, Keiichi's 'pure' personality has recently been explained in chapter 285 of the manga. According to Hild, when Keiichi made their first contract with Belldandy, heaven placed a powerful seal on them that completely suppressed all their desires and longings for Belldandy. Faced with a situation where a goddess was now bound to a mortal, heaven placed this seal in order to maintain the 'separation' between gods and men. Urd and Belldandy (and presumably Peorth and Lind, given their rank and knowledge of the Yggdrasil system) were both aware of the seal and its direct subversion of a Class 1 Unlimited Goddess's inability to lie, and were concerned of possible repercussions should Keiichi become aware of it.
Keiichi's sense of fun influences their life in many ways. They relish creating unusual motor vehicles when presented with a challenge, usually by one of their seniors – Tamiya, Otaki or Chihiro – and laughs like crazy during a heated motorbike race against their father.
In the manga, they can play acoustic guitar, and is a fan of singer Matthew Sweet, possibly due to their quirky upbringing (in the original Japanese, it's The Carpenters). This is shown in the Traveler arc in 18, when they befriend a Schrödinger's Whale (a being that lives in a 5-dimensional quantum state) that is attracted to a storage room artificially expanded by Skuld to infinite capacity; they teach the friendly whale some of their songs when they (for Belldandy notes it is male) shows curiosity in CD he's playing. When riding the whale through 3D space, it starts singing Millennium Blues, then whips into 5D spacetime with Keiichi still riding it; whereas this would make some freak out, they have a great time, and they chill in the middle of the room's infinite space singing I've Been Waiting. Overnight, the whale learns Sweet's Missing Time by itself before it disappears (in the original Japanese, the song is Only Yesterday), and when Keiichi realises this, they learn that by giving the endangered whales a call enabling them to locate each other (5D spacetime being even more than infinite than 3D, Schrödinger's Whales rarely meet by pure dumb luck), he's inadvertently saved the species.
In the manga, Keiichi's personality was illustrated when they were able to summon one of the Valkyrie Lind's own Angels, Cool Mint. According to Lind, they were able to host the angel with the "love of goddesses" which they received due to their innocent personality. Because of the love from the three goddesses for Keiichi, they were more than capable to handle controlling the angel.
Later on, Keiichi also temporarily and involuntarily hosted the familiar/angel hybrid Blue Lance (then unnamed). They chose Keiichi as their host because they were the only person who referred to them as an "angel" and not as a “former devil". Belldandy complimented them that it was natural for them to not even notice it.
The English child voices of Keiichi and Belldandy in the last OVA episode were created by the actors using helium.
References
External links
Oh My Goddess! characters
Male characters in anime and manga
Fictional college students
Fictional Japanese people in anime and manga
Comics characters introduced in 1988
Fictional mechanics
The Al Darah Mosque () is considered one of the oldest mosques in the Bilad Al Qadeem, Manama, Bahrain. It is located east of the village in an earlier settlement and was founded by Shiite cleric Sheikh Ali Al-Baladi Al-Bahrani, buried in Abu Anbara Cemetery. The inscription marks it as built in 1741.
The mosque, like most in the village, is on foundations that rise above the since-eroded ground level.
References
Mosques in Bahrain
Luis Antonio Bolín Bidwell (1894 Málaga – 3 September 1969) was a Spanish lawyer, journalist and an expert in tour operating. This led to their appointment as Head of the National Union of Catering and Allied Attorney in Parliament during the first four legislatures of Francoist Spain. In their memoirs they simply use the English orthography, Bolin.
Early life
Bolín was born into a well-to-do family of wine merchants, of Málaga, Spain in 1897. Their mother was English. They studied at the universities of Granada and Madrid, and later in London.
Career
During World War I they worked in France at the British front as a war correspondent. In 1920 they were press attaché at the Spanish Embassy in London. They also became a correspondent for the conservative and pro-monarchy Spanish newspaper ABC and in 1921 they became a member of the information section of the League of Nations. They were an ardent monarchist and opposed the coming of the Spanish Republic in 1931, after the abdication of Alfonso XIII. They were even more alarmed by what they perceived as the revolutionary tendencies that started after the electoral success of the Popular Front in early 1936 and which they believed could not be controlled by the legal government.
Spanish Civil War
In July 1936, Bolín played an important role in the events leading up to the Spanish Civil War, when they organised the flight of a de Havilland Dragon Rapide aircraft from Croydon to the Canary Islands, in order to transport General Franco from the Canaries to Spanish Morocco. Franco arrived on July 19 in Tetuan to lead the insurrection and prepare the transport of the troops to the mainland. This was some days before the murder of Calvo Sotelo, that triggered the generals to start their rebellion earlier than foreseen, on July 18. Otherwise the rebellion would have come probably a few weeks later. The flight itself was planned over lunch at Simpson's-in-the-Strand, where Bolín met with Douglas Francis Jerrold, the conservative Roman Catholic editor of The English Review, and Major Hugh Pollard. Pollard contracted Captain Cecil Bebb as pilot, also taking their daughter Diana Pollard and one of their friends, to pose as tourists.
Immediately thereafter Bolín flew to Rome, in order to request in name of general Franco the delivery of twelve bombers with and a sufficient number of bombs. At first Mussolini refused, because they did not have proof that this initiative was backed up by general Mola, to whom they had promised help in 1934. On July 25 Mussolini gave their permission to the delivery, after a consenting message from Mola. The bombers were necessary to break the blockade of the Moroccan waters by loyal Spanish war ships and enable Franco's troops to reach the mainland. Bolín was passenger of one of the nine bombers that reached Spanish Morocco safely. Two planes crashed and one made a forced landing in French Morocco.
In return for their assistance, Bolín was appointed by Franco honorary Captain of the Spanish Foreign Legion. They also became Franco's chief press officer, and during the Civil War they were responsible for taking journalists on tours of the various battlefields. Their fierce advocacy for Franco earned them the dislike of left-wing journalists. They harboured a particular hatred for Arthur Koestler and vowed that if they ever laid hands on them they would “shoot them like a dog”. After the fall of Málaga to Italian forces sent by Mussolini to support Franco's rebellion, Koestler was sheltering with Sir Peter Chalmers Mitchell, a 72 year old retired zoologist (and driving force behind Whipsnade Zoo) who had also provided safe haven to Bolín's own uncle and aunt and their five daughters during the early months of the rebellion. Bolín arrested them both. While Sir Peter was quickly released thanks to their diplomatic connections, Koestler languished for several months in a fascist prison under sentence of death. The episode is recorded both in Sir Peter's memoirs and in Koestler's Spanish Testament. Bolín's efforts during the Civil War could not outdo the clever propaganda of the Republican Government, which they claimed had generally a much better hearing in the western media only because the Rebels had no telephone facilities so that messages from journalists working in their territory reached the western world much later.
Later life
In 1967 they published their memoirs, Spain, the Vital Years. They died in 1969.
References
External links
Photograph and brief biography of Bolin Retrieved 10 July 2012
People from Málaga
1894 births
1969 deaths
Spanish people of Swedish descent
Spanish expatriates in the United Kingdom
A Black sitcom is a sitcom in American culture that mainly features an African American cast. Although sitcoms with primarily Black characters have been present since the earliest days of network television, this genre rose to prominence in the 1990s.
History
Early twentieth century
In the early days of television, Black actors were often cast in stereotypical roles, often as comic clowns in a tradition tracing back to the genre of Black minstrelsy popular in the early 20th century. The first television sitcom to portray Black people, Amos 'n Andy, was widely popular among diverse audiences. The actors on the original radio show were both white, but the 1951-53 television show portrayed them with Black actors, and represented Black individuals as businesspeople, judges, lawyers and police officers. After over 70-odd episodes had been broadcast, it was taken off the air after protests from specific groups including the NAACP, who alleged that the show engaged in stereotyping. Afterwards, there were no all-Black sitcoms shown in the U.S. until the 1970s.
1970s–1980s
A series of popular Black sitcoms appeared in the 1970s, including That's My Mama, Good Times, Sanford and Son, What's Happening!!, and The Jeffersons. These sitcoms have been criticized as fostering an image of segregation and helping to perpetuate a belief that Black and white cultures are so different that integration is undesirable and unworkable. In the 1980s sitcoms such as The Cosby Show, A Different World, and Frank's Place, challenged stereotypical portrayals of Black people but were nevertheless seen as "Black" (segregated) despite appearances by white actors.
1990s
After the 1980s, the major U.S. television networks appeared to lose interest in Black sitcoms. In the 1990s, newer networks such as Fox, The WB and UPN, anxious to establish themselves with a Black audience, featured Black sitcoms such as Martin and Living Single, which drew high ratings among Black households and were profitable even with a limited white viewership.
Though there were some Black sitcoms successful with white audiences in the 1990s such as Family Matters, Moesha, Sister, Sister and The Fresh Prince of Bel Air, the number of new programs continued to decline. From 1997 to 2001, the number of Black sitcoms on U.S. television declined from 15 to 6 as white viewership declined, and that decline has generally continued. Civil rights organizations have accused networks of denying minorities equal opportunity as well as a broader participation in general television programming.
2010s
By the early 2010s, Black sitcoms had faded away on broadcast/network television (ABC, The CW, NBC, CBS, and FOX) but there are signs of a comeback on cable such as The Game, canceled in 2009 and then renewed on BET, A.N.T. Farm on Disney Channel, Are We There Yet?, Tyler Perry's For Better Or Worse on TBS, Love That Girl! on TV One, Let's Stay Together and Reed Between the Lines, on BET. Also, there have been a return of reruns of popular 1990s Black sitcoms on BET, BET Her, Bounce TV, TV Land, TV One, MTV2, and TBS.
On August 10, 2012, Tyler Perry's House of Payne surpassed The Jeffersons and became the longest-running sitcom with a predominantly African-American cast in the history of American television in terms of number of episodes.
On August 23 and 24, 2012, Debbie Allen, the former chief creative force of A Different World from 1988 to 1993, wrote on Twitter that they want to reboot A Different World. Over a million people on Facebook, Twitter, and blogs reacted to the tweet and approved the potential reboot.
On September 24, 2014, the ABC sitcom Black-ish premiered with over 11 million people watching the premiere episode. It was met with mostly positive reviews, garnering an 86% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The show includes many references to current racial issues in America. Black-ish has two spin-off series, Mixed-ish and Grown-ish, which also have African-American leads and deal with racial issues.
Analysis
The favorite programs of television audiences tend to reflect their different ethnic origins and affinities. The exposure of the Black community on U.S. TV has been greater than that of other minorities but continues to reflect racial divisions within American society.
After U.S. networks were criticized by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) for allegedly failing to portray the racial diversity of real-world settings, drama shows, such as The West Wing, began casting more Black characters. As a medium, Black sitcoms and their historical blackface and minstrelsy antecedents "have provided a comedic outlet that have both affirmed the normalcy of white privilege and helped to alleviate fears of Black achievement" (Scott 747). Earlier Black sitcoms such as The Cosby Show, Family Matters, Living Single, and more, propelled new identities and offered new formats in representing African Americans.
Black sitcoms feature highly in the Black audience's top 10 programs but have limited success with white audiences, attributed by Doug Alligood, senior vice-president at the advertising agency BBDO which has analyzed ratings figures, to the failure of humor to translate. The high ratings achieved by Bill Cosby have been ascribed to humor that has appealed to both whites and Blacks. Black households make up over 20 percent of regular TV viewers.
References
American comedy
sitcom
In cryptography, Madryga is a block cipher published in 1984 by W. E. Madryga. It was designed to be easy and efficient for implementation in software. Serious weaknesses have since been found in the algorithm, but it was one of the first encryption algorithms to make use of data-dependent rotations, later used in other ciphers, such as RC5 and RC6.
In their proposal, Madryga set forth twelve design objectives that are generally considered to be good goals in the design of a block cipher. DES had already fulfilled nine of them. The three that DES did not fulfill were:
Any possible key should produce a strong cipher. (Meaning no weak keys, which DES has.)
The length of the key and the text should be adjustable to meet varying security requirements.
The algorithm should be efficiently implementable in software on large mainframes, minicomputers, and microcomputers, and in discrete logic. (DES has a large amount of bitwise permutations, which are inefficient in software implementations.)
The algorithm
Madryga met the objective of being efficient in software: the only operations it uses are XOR and rotations, both operating only on whole bytes. Madryga has a variable-length key, with no upper limit on its length.
Madryga is specified with eight rounds, but this can be increased to provide more security if need be. In each round, the algorithm passes over the entire plaintext n times, where n is the length of the plaintext in bytes. The algorithm looks at three bytes at a time, so Madryga is a 24-bit block cipher. It XORs a key byte with the rightmost byte, and rotates the other two as one block. The rotation varies with the output of the XOR. Then, the algorithm moves to the right by one byte. So if it were working on bytes 2, 3 and 4, after it finished rotating and XORing them, it would repeat the process on bytes 3, 4 and 5.
The key schedule is very simple. To start with, the entire key is XORed with a random constant of the same length as the key, then rotated to the left by 3 bits. It is rotated again after each iteration of rotation and XOR. The rightmost byte of it is used in each iteration to XOR with the rightmost byte of the data block.
The decryption algorithm is simply the reverse of the encryption algorithm. Due to the nature of the XOR operation, it is reversible.
Cryptanalysis
At a glance, Madryga seems less secure than, for example, DES. All of Madryga's operations are linear. DES's S-boxes are its only non-linear component, and flaws in them are what both differential cryptanalysis and linear cryptanalysis seek to exploit. While Madryga's rotations are data-dependent to a small degree, they are still linear.
Perhaps Madryga's fatal flaw is that it does not exhibit the avalanche effect. Its small data block is to blame for this. One byte can only influence the two bytes to its left and the one byte to its right.
Eli Biham has reviewed the algorithm without making a formal analysis. They noticed that "the parity of all the bits of the plaintext and the ciphertext are a constant, depending only on the key. So, if you have one plaintext and its corresponding ciphertext, you can predict the parity of the ciphertext for any plaintext." Here, parity refers to the XOR sum of all the bits.
In 1995, Ken Shirriff found a differential attack on Madryga that requires 5,000 chosen plaintexts. Biryukov and Kushilevitz (1998) published an improved differential attack requiring only 16 chosen-plaintext pairs, and then demonstrated that it could be converted to a ciphertext-only attack using 212 ciphertexts, under reasonable assumptions about the redundancy of the plaintext (for example, ASCII-encoded English language). A ciphertext-only attack is devastating for a modern block cipher; as such, it is probably more prudent to use another algorithm for encrypting sensitive data.
References
Further reading
W. E. Madryga, "A High Performance Encryption Algorithm", Computer Security: A Global Challenge, Elsevier Science Publishers, 1984, pp. 557–570.
Broken block ciphers
Aleksandar Stevanović (; born 1976) is a Serbian economist and politician. They have served in the National Assembly of Serbia since 2016, initially as a member of It's Enough – Restart (Dosta je bilo, DJB) association, better known in English by the name "Enough Is Enough."  They are now part of the three-member collective presidency of the Party of Modern Serbia.
Private and civil career
Stevanović has two master's degrees in economics, respectively in transition and reconstruction and in political theories and practices of democracy. In the late 2000s and early 2010s, they were a researcher and associate at Serbia's Free Market Centre and was frequently cited in the country's media promoting neoliberal economic viewpoints and advocating for the privatization of state enterprises. In 2011, they charged that a lack of transparency in financial transactions involving energy was hindering investment from European countries. Later in the same year, they argued that Serbia's declining population was not the result of poverty or a lack of state financial support; in this context, they were quoted as saying, "I do not think it is wise to create 'professional parents,' as they do in the United Kingdom, and so generate welfare cases."
They were an advisor to Serbia's ministry of economy in 2013–14, during Saša Radulović's tenure as a non-partisan, technocratic minister in Ivica Dačić's government. In November 2013, Stevanović indicated that the ministry would set aside twelve billion dinars in credit guarantees to be extended to private companies, as part of a strategy toward abolishing direct state subsidies. They also indicated that twenty billion dinars would be set aside to provide minimum wages and severance payments to workers affected by restructuring; they were quoted as saying, "These funds are sufficient to avoid social problems and it is important to stress that the poor work of the managers of those companies will not become a burden for the employees."
Stevanović has, among other things, also served as president of the Serbian Association of Small and Medium Enterprises and been an advisor to Serbia's ambassador to Israel, the International Labour Organization, the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party (ELDR), and other groups. They live in Belgrade.
Political career
Stevanović joined Radulović's DJB association in 2014 and received the fourth position on its electoral list in that year's parliamentary election. The list did not cross the electoral threshold to win representation in the National Assembly. They received the same position in the 2016 election and was elected when the list won sixteen mandates. The election was won by the Serbian Progressive Party and its allies, and the DJB entered the assembly as opposition members.
In March 2018, Stevanović indicated that they supported the position of Serbian president Aleksandar Vučić on the need for Serbs in Kosovo and Metohija to participate in the political process of the disputed territory under the terms of the Brussels Agreement. The DJB, which opposes this position, distanced itself from Stevanović's statement. Shortly thereafter, they were expelled from the association. Stevanović subsequently charged that Radulović had turned the party to the isolationist right and indicated their support for Tatjana Macura's ultimately abortive bid to succeed them as association leader. Stevanović later joined the breakaway Free MPs parliamentary group under Macura's leadership.
All members of the Free MPs parliamentary group also joined a new political group called the Movement of the Center. In December 2018, this group merged with the Social Democratic Union to create the Party of Modern Serbia. Stevanović was selected as an inaugural member of the group's three-member collective presidency.
Before leaving DJB, Stevanović was a member of the assembly's European integration committee and its committee on spatial planning, transport, infrastructure, and telecommunications; a deputy member of the foreign affairs committee and the committee on the economy, regional development, trade, tourism, and energy; and a member of Serbia's delegation to Parliamentary Assembly of the Francophonie (where Serbia has observer status). Theirs was also part of Serbia's delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE), where they served with the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe group and was a member on the committee on migration, refugees, and displaced persons; a member of the sub-committee on integration; and an alternate member of the committee on equality and non-discrimination. They lost all of these positions following their expulsion from the movement.
References
1976 births
Living people
Politicians from Belgrade
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Members of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Francophonie
Members of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe
Enough is Enough (party) politicians
Party of Modern Serbia politicians
Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe politicians
Mohammadabad (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The women's 50m freestyle events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
S3
S4
S5
Heats
12 swimmers from ten nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 12 June 2022.
S6
S7
S8
S9
S10
12 swimmers from 11 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 12 June 2022.
S11
11 swimmers from 11 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 12 June 2022.
S12
S13
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women's swimming
A datasheet is the means by which Games Workshop creates rules for a model or unit of Citadel Miniatures from the Warhammer 40,000 range. These are normally contained in either a faction's Codex or a more generalised Index book. Originally first made available as part of a digital dataslate range on iTunes, Games Workshop started to widely use datasheets with the onset of 7th Edition and have been the format for unit rules since.
Datasheets provide the rules for individual characters, units, vehicles and even fortifications/terrain along with all their power levels, weapons upgrades and a full breakdown of special rules and common wargear for that unit. Whilst primarily appearing in Codexes, these datasheets can appear elsewhere, such as in Games Workshop's monthly magazine White Dwarf, digitally on iTunes, in the box with the corresponding miniatures or on the Games Workshop webstore. More information on the publications available from Games Workshop can be found on the Codex (Warhammer 40,000) Wikipedia page. This provides a list of all the current books in which it is possible to find datasheets, other rules and also background information.
The currently available datasheets of the factions within the Warhammer 40,000 universes are:
The Imperium of Man:
The Adeptus Astartes
Space Marines
Blood Angels
Dark Angels
Space Wolves
Grey Knights
Deathwatch
Legion of the Damned
Astra Militarum
Officio Assassinorum
Adeptus Mechanicus
Questor Mechanicus
Questor Imperialis
Adeptus Custodes
Adeptus Ministorum
Adepta Sororitas
Adeptus Astra Telepathica
Sisters of Silence
The Forces of Chaos:
Heretic Astartes
A Thousand Sons
Death Guard
Emperor's Children
World Eaters
Chaos Daemons
Questor Traitoris
The Fallen
Xenos Races:
Aeldari (Eldar)
Asuryani (Craftworlds)
Drukhari (Dark Eldar)
Ynnari
Harlequins
Necrons
Orks
Tau Empire
Tyranids
Genestealer Cults
References
External links
www.games-workshop.com
Wikipedia: Codex (Warhammer 40,000)
Warhammer 40,000 rule books and supplements
2009 Kashima Antlers season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Kashima Antlers
Kashima Antlers seasons
In music, a chorale monody was a type of sacred composition of the very early German Baroque era. It was for solo voice and accompanying instruments, usually basso continuo, and was closely related to the contemporary Italian style of monody. Almost all examples of chorale monodies were written in the first half of the 17th century.
A chorale monody used the text of a chorale, but rarely if ever used the chorale tune, at least not in a recognizable form. It was also related to the concertato madrigal, another contemporary Italian form. While the vocal part in Schein's early examples of the genre retained the rhythmic and melodic flexibility of the Italian monody, they replaced the rhythmically vague bass lines of their model with a stricter rhythmic beat in the instrumental accompaniment. The chorale monody formed the basis for the later development of the solo cantata.
Composers
Composers of chorale monodies included:
Christoph Bernhard
Andreas Hammerschmidt
Johann Erasmus Kindermann
Sebastian Knüpfer
Tobias Michael
Johann Hermann Schein
Johann Schelle
Heinrich Schütz
Thomas Selle
Johann Staden
Franz Tunder
Matthias Weckmann
References
Works cited
Further reading
Marshall, Robert L., revised by Robin A. Leaver (2001). "Chorale settings". The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, second edition, edited by Stanley Sadie and John Tyrrell. London: Macmillan Publishers. iv:323–338.
Baroque music
German music history
Classical church music
Mersey Railway electric multiple units were electric multiple units introduced on the underground Mersey Railway, now a part of Merseyrail, in 1903. In the early 1900s the railway was bankrupt as it used steam locomotives that left a dirty atmosphere in the tunnel and passengers preferred the ferries. However, the railway was rescued by Westinghouse Electric, who electrified the railway and provided the first electric multiple units. The cars were supplemented in 1908, 1923 and 1925 and finally in 1936 to allow the progression from 4-car, through 5-car, and finally to 6-car trains. In 1938, when the Wirral Railway was electrified, the units were modified to allow through running between the two systems. In 1956–57 the cars were replaced by units similar to those used on the Wirral Railway.
Service introduction
In the early 1900s the Mersey Railway was bankrupt. The steam locomotives then used left a dirty atmosphere in the tunnel that mechanical ventilation was unable to remove. Passengers preferred the ferries. However, the railway attracted the attention of George Westinghouse, an American looking for business for their UK works, the British Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co. Ltd that opened at Trafford Park in 1899. Westinghouse considered the railway would be profitable with electric traction and undertook to fund electrification, promising to complete in eighteen months.
In 1903, 24 motor cars and 33 trailers were provided by Westinghouse. The stock was of an American design, with a clerestory roof and open gated ends. Unheated accommodation was in saloons and the wooden bodies were British built, the bogies had been made by Baldwin Locomotive Works in America. All cars were wide, the motor cars were long and weighed and the trailers long and weighed . First and Third Class cars were provided, the first class seats being natural rattan, the third class seats being moulded plywood. The livery was maroon with white roofs and "Mersey Railway" in gold left on the upper fascia panels. Air-brakes were provided with storage reservoirs that were recharged at the terminal stations. The motor cars were powered with Westinghouse motors controlled by the Westinghouse low voltage multiple unit train control system.
Once the original cars had their ends enclosed, all cars, original and subsequent, motor and trailer, had the same basic interior layout, with inward swinging end doors into vestibules, leading to a large saloon with two bays of transverse seats in the centre, and lengthy longitudinal seats towards each end, allowing for standing passengers in the centre. As the longest journey on the Mersey was 11 minutes. Liverpool Central to Rock Ferry, comfort was not a significant issue, but nevertheless there was considerable provision of first class, two cars of five (after the 1936 lengthening, two of six).
In service
The inaugural service ran on 3 May 1903. The trains originally operated from Liverpool Central to Rock Ferry and Birkenhead Park. Following the electrification of the former Wirral Railway in 1938, electric services were extended to West Kirby and New Brighton. The older Mersey units then commonly operated the New Brighton and Rock Ferry branches during the week, and the West Kirby route on Sundays, while the new LMS units operated to and from West Kirby on weekdays, and to New Brighton and Rock Ferry on Sundays.
Additional vehicles
An additional four trailers were received in 1908 with British bogies, and in 1912 the open ends were boxed in. In 1923 two motor-cars were ordered from Cravens with four motors, and in 1925 a five-car train was received from the same manufacturer. To allow the introduction of 6-car train in 1936, ten steel-bodied third class trailer (TT) units were built by Gloucester RCW. The Cravens and Gloucester cars did not have a clerestory roof; however, any car could work in multiple with any other car and mixed formation trains were normal.
On 14 March 1938, the Wirral Railway was electrified and through running between the two companies became possible. When the Mersey Railway trains were modified to run on the Wirral Railway, heaters and air-compressors were added.
One final car was built following the destruction of original Milnes Trailer Third No. 84 by bombing in Birkenhead in 1940. The LMS helped out, and built at Wolverton works in 1944 a comparable car No. 112 (later M29193M). It was all steel and looked similar to the Gloucester RCW additional cars built a few years previously. It only lasted for 12 years before the fleet was withdrawn.
Replacement
Following the nationalisation of the Mersey Railway as part of British Rail, the Mersey Railway became part of the London Midland Region alongside the former Wirral Railway lines. The Mersey cars were replaced in 1956-7 by vehicles to the same design as the ex-LMS units introduced with the former Wirral Railway electrification in 1938, lightweight three car multiple units which were eventually classified as Class 503. The final Mersey unit was withdrawn in March 1957.
Car no. 1, a first class motor coach, was destroyed in a fire at Derby carriage works paint shop in 1957, where it had been taken for overhaul in preparation for restoration and preservation.
Notes
References
Sources
Further reading
Mersey Railway
Rail transport in Merseyside
Train-related introductions in 1903
https://electronicsindia.net/wpc-license-in-india/
600 V DC multiple units
Bridge 650 was a limestone-and-concrete bridge in rural Barton County in the state of Kansas in the Midwestern United States. The bridge was built by the Works Projects Administration in 1938–40. It was used into the 21st century, and in 2008 was listed in the National Register of Historic Places. However, it was later found inadequate for the volume and weight of traffic that it carried, and demolished in 2016 or 2017. It was delisted in 2018.
Construction
In the late 1930s and early 1940s, the Works Projects Administration (WPA) launched numerous public-works projects to provide employment during the Great Depression. In Kansas, these projects included the construction of hundreds of small bridges, often using locally quarried limestone.
Bridge 650, built across a tributary of Beaver Creek, was one of several such bridges in Barton County. Construction began in 1938. Concrete work was completed in 1940, attested by the inscription "WPA 1940" stamped into the concrete curb.
The bridge consisted of two spans, divided by a central support. The foundation, wingwalls, and central support were made of cut limestone blocks held together by mortar; the deck and guardrails were concrete. The deck was long, with spans between supports, and wide. The base of the deck was above ground level.
Demolition
The bridge remained in use well into the 21st century. In 2007, it was noted that there was "significant deterioration" in the mortar joints in the limestone, and that the wingwalls, which extend along the banks and protect the bridge during high flows, were "temporarily shored and in need of repair".
In 2008, the bridge was listed in the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) under the name "Bridge #650 - Federal Aid Highway System Bridge". At that time, it was suggested that WPA bridges like 650 might attract tourists on the Kansas Wetlands and Wildlife Scenic Byway, a corridor running through Barton County and connecting Cheyenne Bottoms and Quivira National Wildlife Refuge. It was also hoped that the NRHP listing might bring in grant money to repair and maintain the bridge.
The longed-for grant money did not arrive. In 2013, the bridge was inspected and evaluated as "structurally deficient", with the substructure rated as "poor". In 2014, the Barton County Commission, noting that the bridge was inadequate for the volume of traffic that it carried, including heavy farm and oilfield equipment, and estimating that repairing the bridge would cost some $50,000 more than replacing it, voted to replace it with a reinforced concrete box. In 2016, complying with federal regulations concerning the demolition of historic structures, the Commission agreed to preserve four other NRHP-listed native-stone bridges in the county, and to provide photographic documentation of Bridge 650. Later that year, the county accepted a bid of about $130,000 to replace the bridge and to widen two existing concrete boxes nearby. By late 2017, the bridge was no more.
Two of the surviving NRHP-listed WPA stone bridges, designated Bridge 222 and Bridge 640, are about a mile (about a kilometer and a half) south of the site of Bridge 650. The two bridges are described as "very similar in design and dimension" to 650.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Barton County, Kansas
Bridges completed in 1940
Works Progress Administration in Kansas
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Former_National_Register_of_Historic_Places_in_Kansas
"Say Yeah" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss. It was released on their nineteenth album Sonic Boom in 2009. It was released as a single on December 8, 2009. The song is the last featured on the album.
Kiss played the song for the first time October 26 in Atlanta, Georgia.
Background
Paul Stanley, the sole writer of the song, said about it: "It was a song I knew was going to be great... I knew what this song was and It's turned out exactly the way I had hoped, and really better. The band has four great voices so when we do a chorus together it sounds like the world singing." The song is about how we shouldn't be wasting time and over-thinking things.
"Say Yeah" was announced December 5 to be the second single from Sonic Boom and was officially released on December 8 but in Argentina it was released the second week of January 2010. Like Sonic Boom, the song was recorded at Conway Recording Studios in Hollywood, California. It was written by Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons.
After peaking #11 in its first week, "Say Yeah" topped the charts in Russia.
Live performances
"Say Yeah" was first performed on October 26, 2009 in Atlanta, Georgia during the North American leg in support of Sonic Boom on Kiss Alive/35 World Tour.
Personnel
Paul Stanley – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Gene Simmons – bass, backing vocals
Tommy Thayer – lead guitar, backing vocals
Eric Singer – drums, backing vocals
Charts
References
Kiss (band) songs
2009 singles
Songs written by Paul Stanley
Songs written by Gene Simmons
2009 songs
Roadrunner Records singles
Oakes Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Steuben in Oneida County, north of Steuben.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Nørregade (literally "North Street") is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark, linking Gammeltorv in the south with Nørre Voldgade in the north. Landmarks in the street include Church of Our Lady, Bispegården, St. Peter's Church and Folketeatret.
History
In the Middle Ages, Nørregade was the broadest street in Copenhagen. Its name testifies to Gammeltorv's status as the centre of the city in that day. Copenhagen's second city hall was in the late 14th century built on the corner of Nørregade and Studiestræde. It was later used as the bishop's palace. The Northn City Gate was located at the northern end of the street until 1671 when it was moved to the end of newly established Frederiksborggade further to the west.
The entire street was almost completely destroyed in the Copenhagen Fire of 1728 while the Fire of 1795 only affected its southern end. The British bombardment of Copenhagen in 1807 hit the street hard since the British aimed for the tower of Church of Our Lady, Copenhagen's tallest building, hitting it on the third day.
Notable buildings and residents
Church of Our Lady was in its current form designed by Christian Frederik Hansen. The Bishop's House on the opposite side of the street was built in 1732 but adapted by Martin Nyrop in 1896.
Folketeatret at No. 39 opened in 1857 but the interior was completely renewed by Vilhelm Dahlerup in 1889. The building is from 1846 and was designed by H. C. Stilling.
The Telephone House (No. 21-23), now known as Sankt Petri Passage, is the former headquarters of KTAS, Denmark's first telephone company. It was built between 1900 and 1909 as a replacement for the telephone central at Jorcks Passage. A series of interior courtyards creates a passageway through the complex, connecting Nørregade to larslejsstræde on the other side of the block.
The former department store Daells Varehus at No. 12–20 was one of the earliest Functionalist buildings in Copenhagen. It has now been converted into the five-star Hotel Sankt Petri whose main entrance has been moved to Krystalgade.
The Povl Badstuber House at No. 13 is the street's only surviving example of the townhouses which were built along the street in the years after the Fire of 1728. It dates from 1730.
See also
Latin Quarter, Copenhagen
Dyrkøb
References
External links
Nørregade on indenforvoldene.dk
Streets in Copenhagen
Hydroxycarteolol is a beta blocker and metabolite of carteolol.
References
Beta blockers
4-Quinolones
Human drug metabolites
Quinolinols
Secondary alcohols
Tert-butyl compounds
The coat of arms of the Northern Territory is the official heraldic symbol representing the Australian territory. They were officially granted by royal warrant of Queen Elizabeth II on 11 September 1978. The arms, uniquely in Australia, incorporate all of the territory's floral, animal and bird emblems: the Sturt's desert rose (Gossypium sturtianum), red kangaroo (Megaleia rufa) and wedge-tailed eagle (Aquila audax).
The Northern Territory's arms incorporate many reflections of the indigenous Australian culture and history: the shield itself is a representation of an Aboriginal painting and the crest shows the wedge-tailed eagle on top of a tjurunga, an Aboriginal ritual stone.
Blazon
The formal description, or blazon, of the arms is:Tenny, representations in the Australian Aboriginal manner of an Arnhem Land rock painting of a woman with stylised internal anatomy between in dexter chief and base two symbolic representations of camp sites joined by journey or path markings in the manner of the Central Australian Aboriginals and in sinister chief and base the like, all Argent; And for the crest: upon a wreath a Wedgetailed Eagle wings elevated grasping with its talons an Australian Aboriginal stone Tjurunga proper; And for the supporters: On either side a Red Kangaroo guardant, that to the dexter holding in the dexter forepaw a Chiragra Spider Conch (Lambis Chiragra) and similarly that to the sinister in its sinister forepaw a True Heart Cockle (Corculum Carelissa); And for the Compartment: Growing from a Compartment comprising a grassy sandy mound Sturt's Desert Roses as the same as depicted in the illustration.
References
Northern Territory Coat of Arms, Northern Territory Government
See also
Flag of the Northern Territory
Government of the Northern Territory
Coat of Arms of Nunavut, for another example of territorial arms reposing heavily on indigenous imagery
Northern Territory
Northern Territory
Northern Territory
Northern Territory
Aseem Ali Khan (born; 18 August) is an Indian actor and model.  They are majorly known for their role in the films Zindagi Tere Naam, Kyun Hua Achanak and their recent thriller Page 16. In 2005, they were voted India's most photogenic man at Mr. India Pageant.
Early life
They were born on 18 August in Bhopal, India, to Shameem Khan, who was a radio presenter and sarod musician Rehmat Ali Khan. Aseem Ali khan is the grandson of Padma Bhushan late Ustad Hafiz Ali Khan and nephew of Sarod maestro Ustad Amjad Ali Khan. When Aseem was two years old, their family lived through the Bhopal disaster.
Career
Modelling
Upon moving to Mumbai in 2005, Aseem Ali Khan started modelling and participated in several TV shows and music videos. In 2005, they were voted India's most photogenic male model in the Mr. India Pageant and in 2006 followed by Hunk of the Month by Cosmopolitan magazine. The awards gave them more recognition and this caught the attention of the Bollywood Industry. Since then, Aseem has modelled for several clothing companies such as Hugo Boss, John Player and Killer Jeans.  They are also a brand ambassador for the Kaya Designer Lounge.
Acting
While they were working as a model, Aseem Ali Khan completed acting courses held by Sutindar Singh, Raj Jagdish and Kishor Namit Kapoor to improve their acting skills. They were also mentored by the theatre actor Rakesh Chaturvedi. Soon afterwards, in 2006, they had a small cameo in the blockbuster-hit film Dus, directed by Anubhav Sinha. It was then that they faced the camera with some of the most prestigious Bollywood actors for the first time, including Sanjay Dutt, Abhishek Bachchan, Shilpa Shetty, Zayed Khan and Diya Mirza. This was a turning point in Aseem Ali Khan's career as they immersed themselves fully in acting. In 2012, they experienced their first main leading role in Ashu Trikha's Zindagi Tere Naam, with Mithun Chakraborthy, Ranjeeta, Dia Mirza and Priyanka Mehta. The film is based on the internationally acclaimed, Nicholas Sparks novel The Notebook (2004 film) and the 2004 movie of the same name. In 2013, Aseem appeared as the main lead in the romantic suspense thriller Kyun Hua Achanak, directed by Rajendra Shiv. They played an extremely shrewd and clever Vaditya. The film focuses on how the lives of four opportunistic individuals, in today's current scenario, cross each other and take a different turn. Recently they have portrayed Ajay, a character troubled by their past, in the paranormal thriller Page 16, written and directed by Shamshad Pathan, starring Bidita Bag, Kiran Kumar and others. Ajay is a very devoted father and a husband, trapped between their mistakes from the past and scary paranormal activity that is happening in their house. Page 16 was released in August 2018. In 2019 Aseem is doing a different type of thriller film. The film is called "Sridevi Bungalow" the film has Priya Prakash Varrier, Priyanshu Chatterjee and Mukesh Rishi as the leading actors.
Personal life and charity work
 They are currently working on a project in which they give platform to talented young artists. Aseem Ali Khan is the joint secretary at the Ustad Hafiz Ali Khan Sangeet Academy in Bhopal.
Filmography
References
Notes
External links
Living people
Indian male models
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Male actors from Mumbai
1983 births
Freedom Suite is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, their last recorded for the Riverside label, featuring performances by Rollins with Oscar Pettiford and Max Roach.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states: "Rollins is very creative, stretching out on their lengthy 'Freedom Suite,' clearly enjoying investigating the obscure Noël Coward melody 'Someday I'll Find You,' turning the show tune 'Till There Was You' into jazz, and finding beauty in 'Shadow Waltz' and 'Will You Still Be Mine?' A near masterpiece."
Track listing
"The Freedom Suite" (Sonny Rollins) - 19:17
"Someday I'll Find You" (Noël Coward) - 4:35
"Will You Still Be Mine?" (Tom Adair, Matt Dennis) - 2:54
"Till There Was You" (Meredith Willson) - 4:54
"Till There Was You" [alternate take] (Willson) - 4:55 Bonus track on CD rerelease
"Shadow Waltz" (Al Dubin, Harry Warren) - 4:08
Recorded at WOR Recording Studio, NYC, on February 11 (tracks 2-6), and March 7 (track 1), 1958
Personnel
Sonny Rollins – tenor saxophone
Oscar Pettiford - bass
Max Roach - drums
References
1958 albums
Riverside Records albums
Jazzland Records (1960) albums
Sonny Rollins albums
albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
José David Rangel Torres (born November 12, 1969) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
A defensive midfielder, Rangel began their career with Atletico Potosino and Tampico Madero, joining Cruz Azul in 1990. With their playing time diminishing, they moved to Toluca in 1996 and began a long run of success with the club. The team won the Verano tournaments of 1998, 1999, and 2000, with Rangel starting most matches and providing defensive support for teammates such as José Saturnino Cardozo. They moved to Atlante for the Verano 2002 season, then joined Chiapas before returning to Toluca for their final top-division season in 2005.
Rangel was a member of the Mexican Olympic team that competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, playing against Denmark and Australia. They also earned five caps for the full Mexico national team, all of them in 2001 after the appointment of former Toluca coach Enrique Meza. Rangel made their debut on January 24, 2001 in a friendly match against Bulgaria in Morelos, a 0-2 loss. Their final call-up came at the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup, which ended with Mexico suffering first-round elimination after three defeats. The last cap for Rangel came in a 4-0 loss against France on June 3, 2001 at Ulsan Munsu Football Stadium in South Korea.
References
playerhistory
1969 births
Living people
Mexican footballers
Mexico international footballers
Association football midfielders
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Deportivo Toluca F.C. players
Chiapas F.C. footballers
Liga MX players
Footballers from San Luis Potosí
Cruz Azul footballers
Atlante F.C. footballers
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Pan American Games silver medalists for Mexico
Pan American Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1991 Pan American Games
Cottiers is a theatre located in Glasgow, Scotland. It also operates as a bar and restaurant. Cottier occupies the building of the 19th-century former Dowanhill Parish Church.
Early years of the church
The church building was built to serve as the parish church of the Dowanhill United Presbyterian Church. It was designed in the Neo-Gothic style by William Leiper, and was built between 1865 and 1866. The foundation stone was laid on August 4, 1865, and the building was opened on November 11, 1866. The congregation became part of the Church of Scotland in 1929, and the church was renamed Dowanhill Parish Church.
Works of art
The building includes a collection of notable frescoes and stained glass windows by Daniel Cottier. The building was renamed Cottiers in honour of Daniel Cottier after the church was converted into a theatre.
Closure, conversion and present use
The church served as a parish church of the Church of Scotland until 1984, when the Dowanhill congregation united with the East Partick congregation forming East Partick and Dowanhill Parish Church. That same year, the church building was bought by the Four Acres Charitable Trust which converted the building into a theatre, an arts centre with a bar and restaurant. The building was restored during numerous phases starting from the 1980s and going as far as 2012.
References
1865 establishments in Scotland
19th-century Church of Scotland church buildings
Category A listed buildings in Glasgow
Former churches in Scotland
Listed theatres in Scotland
Music venues in Glasgow
Restaurants in Glasgow
Theatres in Glasgow
Martin Paul Meredith Richards (born 26 January 1940) is a British psychologist, Professor of Family Research at the University of Cambridge 1997–2005, and since emeritus.
Richards is the son of the botanist Paul Westmacott Richards.
Academic career
Apart from visiting positions elsewhere, they have worked in the University of Cambridge throughout their career, holding a lectureship in social and developmental psychology (1970) and subsequently a readership (human development, 1989) and a personal chair (family research, 1997). The research group they founded in 1967 became the Centre for Family Research and they were director until their formal retirement in 2005. Their research, which they always preferred to do in collaboration with others, has ranged widely, from their initial observational follow-up study of infants and their parents to studies of neonatal and maternity care to divorce and parenting. Later they studied those affected by genetic disorders as well as their families and the clinics they attended. Additionally, they conducted research on reproductive donation. They always worked with an eye on public policy and, more latterly, with bioethical issues. They were a co-founder of the initially Cambridge based Socio Legal Group and frequently served as a co-editor of their collective books.
They have served on many public bodies including the Human Genetic Commission, the Nuffield Council on Bioethics, the Ethics and Law Committee of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority and as a policy advisor for the Lord Chancellor's Department.
Publications
Books include:
The Integration of a Child into a Social World (editor). Cambridge University Press. 1974.
The Benefits of Hazards of the New Obstetrics (editor with T. Chard). Clinics in Developmental Medicine. 1977.
Infancy. The World of the Newborn. Harper and Row. 1980.
Divorce matters. (with J. Burgoyne and R. Ormrod). Penguin Books. 1987.
The Politics of Maternity Care. (editor with J. Garcia and R. Kilpatrick). Oxford University Press. 1990.
Sexual Arrangements: Marriage and Affairs. (with J. Reibstein). Heineman. 1992.
The Troubled Helix: Social and Psychological Implications of the New Human Genetics. (editor with T. Marteau). Cambridge University Press. 1996.
The Blackwell Companion to the Sociology of Families. (edited with J. Scott and J. Treas). Blackwell. 2003.
Kinship Matters. (editor with F. Ebtehaj and B. Lindley). Hart. 2006.
The Limits of Consent: A Socio-Ethical Approach to Human Subject Research in Medicine. (editor with O. Corrigan and others). Oxford University Press. 2009.
Reproductive Donation: Practice, Policy and Bioethics. (ethics with G. Pennings and J. Appleby). Cambridge University Press. 2012.
Relatedness in Assisted Reproduction: Families, Origins and Identities. (editor with T. Freeman, S. Graham, F. Ebtehaj). Cambridge University Press. 2014.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
British psychologists
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Le Tremplin Olympique du Mont () was a ski jumping venue constructed for the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix, France.
Jump description
The jumper started at a height of 1189.8 m, traveling 79.4 meters while dropping in height to a take off point of 1152.8 meters. Upon flight, the K-point was determined to be 71.5 meters.
1924 Winter Olympics
This venue hosted both the ski jumping and the ski jumping part of the Nordic combined events at the 1924 Winter Olympics.
After the Olympics
The hill served as a venue for the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1937. Built in 1905, it was renovated in 1998.
References
1924 Olympics official report. pp. 650–2.
Venues of the 1924 Winter Olympics
Ski jumping venues in France
Olympic Nordic combined venues
Olympic ski jumping venues
Sports venues in Haute-Savoie
DXUP (105.5 FM) is a radio station owned and operated by the Community Media Education Council. Its studios and transmitter are located along Rizal Blvd., Brgy. Nuro, Upi, Maguindanao. This serves as the community station for the town of Upi.
References
Radio stations established in 2004
Ruth Hinshaw Spray (February 16, 1848 - February 26, 1929) was an American peace activist. Spray was prominent as a teacher in the public schools and work for the protection of children and animals. They were also active in the work of child labor organizations and in the international peace cause, Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU), Retail Clerks' Association, and other associations for public welfare.
Early life and education
Ruth Hinshaw was born in Mooresville, Indiana, February 16, 1848. Them parents were Benjamin and Nancy (Carter) Hinshaw.
They were educated in the public schools at Indianola, Iowa. and as student there in Simpson College. They graduated from Earlham College, Richmond, Indiana (B.S., 1874).
Career
Spray served as a preceptress and teacher at the Raisin Valley Seminary, Adrian, Michigan, 1874-77. They then taught history and English in Penn College, Oskaloosa, Iowa, 1877-80. They were an Officer of Colorado State Bureau of Child and Animal Protection.
They were actively engaged in the work for international peace. They were a member of the Universal Peace Union, and they served as vice-president of the American Peace Society for 16 years. They were also State superintendent of Peace and Arbitration for the Colorado WCTU, and district president of the 12th Colorado District WCTU. Spray was a delegate to the International Peace Congress, held in Boston, 1904. They worked continuously for international peace, getting hundreds of petitions before the U.S. Congress and other petitions sent to U.S. delegates to each of the two Hague Conferences and by wide distribution of peace literature. Since 1902, Spray worked to get the teachers of Colorado to take up the subject of international peace, and many schools of Colorado were thus induced to teach the subject and to observe May 18 as International Peace Day.
After Spray became a resident of Salida, Colorado, they served as president of the Tuesday Evening Club. During those years, the club built the Salida Public Library, with Spray leading that movement. They were a member of the Colorado Woman Suffrage Association, the Society of Friends, and the Board of Trustees of the Salida Public Library. Since 1900, they were an officer of the Colorado State Bureau of Child and Animal Protection, working with marked results in the interest of neglected and abused children.
Personal life
In Indianola, Iowa, on December 28, 1880, they married Samuel J. Spray, of Indianapolis, Indiana. They had one daughter, Mrs. Mary E. Spray Moon, Baltimore, Maryland.
In politics, they were Independent.
Ruth Hinshaw Spray died February 26, 1929, and was buried in Salida, Colorado.
Them papers are held by Earlham College.
References
1848 births
1929 deaths
American anti-war activists
Woman's Christian Temperance Union people
People from Mooresville, Indiana
Simpson College alumni
Earlham College alumni
William Penn University faculty
People from Salida, Colorado
The yellow-bellied chat-tyrant (Silvicultrix diadema) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is in length. It is a chunky bird with a short, thin bill. It is mostly olive with an ochre yellow forehead and long yellow eyebrow. It has dusky colored wings and tail with two rufous tail bars. It is mostly found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. It feeds in separated pairs hunting near the ground in foliage.
Taxonomy
The yellow-bellied chat-tyrant is a bird of the order Passeriformes which contains more than half the birds species in the world. Inside this order, the yellow-bellied chat-tyrant is of the family Tyrannidae also known as the tyrant flycatchers. These birds reside in the Americas. There are 400 species in this family. They are mostly plain colors such as brown, grey, and yellow. They tend to be strictly Insectivorous, but some will eat berries and small invertebrates. Most species share the sallying feeding technique.
Description
The yellow-bellied chat-tyrant is a relatively small bird, around in length. It is dark olive with a darker colored crown. It has an ochre yellow forehead which continues as a narrow eyebrow. It has blackish lores and greyish brown wings and tail. It also has a bright yellow belly and under-tail coverts. It has two rufous wing bars and rufous wing edgings.
Distribution and habitat
Its natural habitat's are subtropical, tropical moist montane forests, and cloud forests. Commonly found between , but can be found in the range of . They are considered uncommon to fairly common in these ranges. They like to stay in brushy hillsides in the forests of Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Though they are common, they are rarely seen because they hide in the dense mountain understory.
Behavior
Foraging
The yellow-bellied chat-tyrant is a quiet, retiring bird that tries to stay hidden at all times. They tend to perch alone, fairly erect, above the ground in mossy understory. They tend to flick their tails up and sally short distances in the understory while hunting insects in the foliage making audible snaps. They also will hop from twigs to the ground. They are sometimes considered fearless but typically inconspicuous, hiding in thick undergrowth. They can occasionally be found in mixed flocks, but do not follow them.
Vocalizations
In the morning (at dawn) this bird sings with a fast, thin, and delicate trill that ascends slightly like fingers running up a comb. During the day the song is a long, buzzy trill that sags in the middle then ascends at the end. There is also a longer version during the day that slowly rises then drops slightly at the end. It also has a "conflict" call that slowly rises then immediately followed is a slow descending trill over and over with other sharp bickering notes. The bird also will sing for a short time at dusk.
Breeding
They tend to breed from January–October in Colombia and March–December in Ecuador. They do not migrate, making them a resident bird. They tend to make mossy ball nests on banks containing 4 creamy white eggs.
References
Steven L. Hilty, Bill Brown. A guide to the birds of Colombia. Princeton University Press, 1971, p. 499.
Thomas S. Schulenberg. Birds of Peru. Princeton University Press, 2007, p. 463.]
Itis.gov For Taxonomic Information
Robert S. Ridgely, Guy Tudor. Songbirds of South America: The Passerines. University of Texas Press, 2009, p. 453.]
Charles Gald Sibley, Burt Leavelle Monroe. Distribution and taxonomy of birds of the world. Yale University, 1990, p. 355.]
Steven L. Hilty, Rodolphe Meyer de Schauensee. Birds of Venezuela. Princeton University Press, 2003. p. 617.]
External links
with range maps of the species
with a full sound profile of the bird
with videos, photos, and song
yellow-bellied chat-tyrant
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
yellow-bellied chat-tyrant
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Contienen or Kontienen was a quarter of western Königsberg, Germany. Its territory is now part of the Moskovsky District of Kaliningrad, Russia.
History
Contienen was originally an outwork (Vorwerk) estate on the southern shore of the lower Pregel. Nasser Garten was to the east and Ponarth was to the southeast. In 1684 Wybrand von Workum was tasked by Frederick William I, Elector of Brandenburg, to construct ships at a newly built shipyard in Contienen. Workum was opposed by the citizens of Königsberg, however, and by 1687 only four galiots had been built.
Union Giesserei Königsberg was based in Continien since 1907; in 1912 they acquired Gustav Bendikt Fechter's Contienen shipyard. Segelclub RHE moved from Friedrichsburg to Contienen in 1914.
By 1924 three large docks (Hafenbecken) were built northeast of Contienen and northwest of Nasser Garten to alleviate Königsberg's economic difficulties after the Treaty of Versailles and the separation of East Prussia from Weimar Germany. The Holzhafen (wood harbor) was closest to Contienen, followed by the Industriehafen (industrial harbor) across from Ratshof and the Freihafen (free harbor) across from Kosse. The docks were often used by Seedienst Ostpreußen. Contienen was incorporated into Königsberg in 1927.
References
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
Aren't We All? is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Gertrude Lawrence, Hugh Wakefield and Owen Nares. It is based on the play Aren't We All? by Frederick Lonsdale. It was made at British and Dominions Elstree Studios.
A print is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.
Cast
Gertrude Lawrence as Margot
Hugh Wakefield as Lord Grenham
Owen Nares as Willie
Wallace Geoffrey as Robert Kent
Harold Huth as Karl Van der Hyde
Marie Lohr as Lady Frinton
Renee Gadd as Kitty Lake
Emily Fitzroy as Angela
Aubrey Mather as Vicar
Rita Page as Cabaret Dancer
Maud Gill
Kathleen Harrison
Eileen Munro
Merle Oberon
References
External links
1932 films
1932 comedy films
Films directed by Harry Lachman
British comedy films
Films shot at Imperial Studios, Elstree
British films based on plays
Paramount Pictures films
British black-and-white films
Films based on works by British writers
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
Phyllonorycter ostryaefoliella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Canada (Nova Scotia, Ontario and Québec) and the United States (Connecticut, Illinois, New York, Kentucky, Maine and Vermont).
The wingspan is 6-6.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Ostrya species, including Ostrya virginiana and Ostrya virginica. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside the leaf. They are usually made near the margin and are much wrinkled when mature. The larvae, which are of the cylindrical type and pale yellow, spin oval cocoons of frass and silk in which pupation takes place.
References
External links
Bug Guide
mothphotographersgroup
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
ostryaefoliella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1859
Jani Ingram is a Professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry at Northern Arizona University. Ingram researches the chemistry and health impacts of environmental pollutants, especially uranium and arsenic. Ingram is a member of the Navajo tribe, and the Naneesht'ezhi clan. They lead the Bridging Arizona Native American to Bachelor Degrees (NIH Bridges to Baccalaureate) program and the Native American Cancer Prevention Program. They promote educational and professional opportunities for Native American students in Chemistry through a number of initiatives and for this work was awarded the 2018 American Chemical Society Award for Encouraging Disadvantaged Students into Careers in the Chemical Sciences.
Education
Ingram began their academic studies at Yavapai Community College in Arizona where they earned an Associate's degree. They subsequently studied at New Mexico State University and earned a Bachelor's degree in Chemistry. Them Ph.D. is in Chemistry from the University of Arizona.
Career and research
Ingram's research areas are analytical chemistry and environmental chemistry. They specialise on environmental uranium and arsenic contamination and how they effect the food chain and water supplies of the Navajo nation. They also research traditional Navajo food ingredients and their health benefits, for example juniper ash as a calcium source. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic their research laboratory repurposed their facilities to produce hand sanitiser which was donated to the Navajo Nation.
References
Northern Arizona University faculty
Navajo scientists
Yavapai College alumni
New Mexico State University alumni
University of Arizona alumni
Analytical chemists
American women biochemists
21st-century American women scientists
Mehdi Hamidi Shirazi () (born 1914 Shiraz, Iran, died 1 July 1986, Tehran, Iran) was an Iranian poet and university professor.
works
Šokufahā yā naḡmahā-ye jadid, a selection of poems, Shiraz, 1938 (collections of poetry)
Baʿd az yak sāl, Shiraz, 1940 (collections of poetry)
ʿEšq-e dar ba dar, 3 vols., Shiraz, 1940-52 (collections of poetry)
Ašk-e maʿšuq (The tears of the beloved), Shiraz, 1942 (collections of poetry)
Sālhā-ye siāh (on the colonial policy of Great Britain, the communist takeover of Azerbaijan, and the tribal uprising in Fārs after World War II), Tehran, 1946 (suppressed) (collections of poetry)
Šāʿer dar āsmān, Shiraz, 1942
Zamzama-ye behešt
Fonun o anvāʿ-e šeʿr-e fārsi, Tehran, 1973a
Dah farmān, collection of poems, Tehran, 1965
Fereštagān-e zamin (Angels of the earth), prose, 1942
Sabok-sarihā-ye ghalam (The frivolities of the pen), prose, Tehran, ca. 1943
Ṭelesm-e šekasta, 1945
Šāhkārhā-ye Ferdowsi, Tehran, 1947
Daryā-ye gowhar, an anthology of contemporary prose, poetry and translations, 3 vols., Tehran, 1950-59 (vol. 3 reviewed by Iraj Afšār, in Yaḡmā 9/2, 1954, pp. 94–95)
Behešt-e soḵan, a select anthology of classical Persian poetry with critical commentaries, 2 vols., Tehran, 1958–59
ʿAruż-e Ḥamidi, on Persian prosody, Tehran, 1963
ʿAṭṭār dar maṯnavihā-ye gozida-ye u wa gozida-ye maṯnawihā-ye u, Tehran, 1968
“Taṣvir-e šeʿr-e ghadim dar masir-e šeʿr-e jadid”, Armaḡān 40, 1971, pp. 361–64, 442-45, 514-16, 589-91, 680-83
“Baḥṯ-i dar bāra-ye Saʿdi,” in Manṣur Rastgār Fasāʾi, ed., Saʿdi, Shiraz, 1973b, pp. 70–127; “ʿElm-e bayān,” Ḵerad wa kušeš, no. 1, 1978, pp. 95–114;
Fonun-e šeʿr va kālbodhā-ye pulādin-e ān, a collection of poems, Tehran, 1984
Šeʿr dar ʿaṣr-e Qājār, Tehran, 1985; Divān, Tehran, 1988. Their major translation is of W. Somerset Maugham's The Moon and Sixpence, as Māh wa šeš peni, Tehran, 1950.
References
1914 births
1986 deaths
20th-century Iranian poets
Iranian scholars
Iranian male poets
20th-century male writers
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1627.
Events
January 1 – Menasseh Ben Israel, founder of the first Hebrew printing press in Amsterdam, produces its first publication, a Spanish rite prayer book.
New books
Prose
Francis Bacon (died 1626) – Sylva Sylvarum, or A Natural History and New Atlantis
Jean-Pierre Camus – Hyacinthe
George Hakewill – An Apologie or Declaration of the Power and Providence of God
Marin Mersenne – Traité de l'harmonie universelle
Honoré d'Urfé (died 1625) – L'Astrée (completed)
New drama
William Davenant – The Cruel Brother
William Hawkins – Apollo Shroving
Philip Massinger – The Great Duke of Florence
Thomas Vincent – Paria (in Latin)
Poetry
Michael Drayton – miscellaneous poems, including The Battle of Agincourt, First Steps up Parnassus, and Nymphidia
Phineas Fletcher – Locustae, vel Pietas Jesuitica (in Latin and English)
Births
August 8 – Joseph Moxon, English printer and lexicographer (died 1691)
September 27 – Jacques-Bénigne Bossuet, French theologian (died 1704)
November 29 – John Ray, English naturalist (died 1705)
Unknown dates
John Flavel, English religious writer and Presbyterian minister (died 1691)
Dorothy Osborne, English literary correspondent (died 1695)
Deaths
April 12 (burial) – John Minsheu, English linguist and lexicographer (born 1560)
April 19 – John Beaumont, English dramatist and poet (born 1583)
May 24 – Luis de Góngora, Spanish lyric poet (born 1561)
June 22 – Lawrence Beyerlinck, Flemish theologian and encyclopedist (born 1578)
June 27 – John Hayward, English historian (born c.1560)
July 4 (burial) – Thomas Middleton, English dramatist and poet (born 1580)
September 20 – Jan Gruter, Flemish critic (born 1560)
September 29 – Johannes Acronius, Dutch theologian (born 1565)
October – Bernardo de Balbuena, Spanish-born Latin American poet (born 1561)
December – Henry Condell, English actor, co-compiler of the First Folio (date of birth unknown)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
A counterattack is a tactic employed in response to an attack, with the term originating in "war games". The general objective is to negate or thwart the advantage gained by the enemy during attack, while the specific objectives typically seek to regain lost ground or destroy the attacking enemy (this may take the form of an opposing sports team or military units).
A saying, attributed to Napoleon Bonaparte illustrate the tactical importance of the counterattack : "the greatest danger occurs at the moment of victory". In the same spirit, in their Battle Studies, Ardant du Pic noticed that "he, general or mere captain, who employs every one in the storming of a position can be sure of seeing it retaken by an organised counter-attack of four men and a corporal".
A counterattack is a military tactic that occurs when one side successfully defends off the enemy's attack and begins to push the enemy back with an attack of its own. In order to perform a successful counterattack, the defending side must quickly and decisively strike the enemy after defending, with the objective of shocking and overwhelming the enemy. The main concept of the counterattack is to catch the enemy by surprise. Many historical counterattacks were successful because the enemy was off guard and not expecting the counterattack.
Analyzing historical counterattacks
In the past, there have been many notable counterattacks which have changed the course of a war. To be specific, Operation Bagration and the Battle of Austerlitz are good examples of the proper execution of a counterattack.
Operation Bagration
Operation Bagration during World War II was one of the largest counterattacks in military history. In the summer of 1944 the assault by around 1.7 million Red Army soldiers successfully put the Red Army on the offensive in the Eastern Front after Nazi Germany in Operation Barbarossa had captured the territory against the Soviet Union in the summer of 1941.
The Soviet counterattack focused on Belorussia, but prior to the counterattack starting, the Soviet Union fooled Nazi military leaders into believing that the attack would take place further south, near Ukraine.
To aid the deception, the Red Army established fake army camps in Ukraine and after German reconnaissance planes reported Soviet troop concentrations in the area, panzer and infantry divisions were rushed south from Belorussia, leaving it vulnerable to a major assault.
To support the attack, partisan groups in German-controlled territory were instructed to destroy German railroads to hamper German efforts to transport supplies and troops throughout the occupied territories and further weaken German Army Group Centre in Ukraine.
On 22 June 1944, the attack on Belarus by 1.7 million Soviet troops began and overwhelmed the depleted Germans defenders.
On 3 July, the Red Army captured Minsk, and later the rest of Belorussia.
Operation Bagration was a huge Soviet success and opened a direct route to Berlin after the fall of Belorussia, leading to the Red Army beginning to take over the territory that had been taken by the Wehrmacht three years before.
Battle of Austerlitz
Another military battle that utilized the counterattack tactic was the Battle of Austerlitz on 2 December 1805. While fighting the Austrian and Russian armies, Napoleon purposely made it seem as if their men were weak from the fighting in several cases. Napoleon had their men retreat in an attempt to lure the Allies to battle. They purposely left their right flank open and vulnerable. This deceived the Allies into attacking and the Allies fell into Napoleon's trap. When the Allied troops went to attack Napoleon's right flank, Napoleon quickly filled up the right flank so the attack was not effective. However, on the Allied side, a large gap was left open in the middle of the Allied front line due to troops leaving to attack the French right flank. Noticing the large hole in the middle of the Allied lines, Napoleon attacked the middle and had their forces also flank around both sides, eventually surrounding the Allies. With the Allies completely surrounded, the battle was over. The Battle of Austerlitz was a successful counterattack because the French army defended off the Allied attack and quickly defeated the Allies. Napoleon deceived the Allies. They made their men seem weak and near defeat.
Battle of St. Vith
The Battle of St. Vith was part of the Battle of the Bulge, which began on 16 December 1944, and represented the right flank in the advance of the German center, 5th Panzer-Armee (Armored Army), toward the ultimate objective of Antwerp. Given the task of countering the German advance, US General Bruce C. Clarke decided that a mobile defense was the best solution. Knowing that the German army was aiming for an objective far behind the battle line, they decided that they could afford to lose a few kilometers a day - the idea being that a slowing down of the advance was as good as stopping them outright, since the Germans were limited by time.
The mobile defense they used at St. Vith involved the use of M36 tank destroyers acting as a base of fire to resist the oncoming German armored thrust, slowing them down enough to then counter-attack them with a force of M4 Sherman tanks. Artillery and Infantry were involved in this process as a combined arms force. The key was not to engage the Germans in a pitched battle, but to slow their advance enough to ruin their offensive timetable. The counter-attacks ensured that the German forces could not break through the slowly retreating forces. Clarke's success was one of the first times armor had been used in a mobile defense.
See also
Counter-offensive
Cult of the offensive
Battleplan (documentary TV series)
Notes and references
Further reading
Military tactics
Military terminology
Puntarenas is a canton in the Puntarenas province of Costa Rica. The head city is Puntarenas.
History
Puntarenas was created on 7 December 1848 by decree 167.
Geography
Puntarenas has an area of km² and a mean elevation of metres.
The canton includes areas on both sides of the Gulf of Nicoya. The southern portion of the Nicoya Peninsula is also in the canton, including the popular tourist areas of Tambor, Montezuma and Malpais.
Districts
The canton of Puntarenas is subdivided into the following districts:
Puntarenas
Pitahaya
Chomes
Lepanto
Paquera
Manzanillo
Guacimal
Barranca
Isla del Coco
Cóbano
Chacarita
Chira
Acapulco
El Roble
Arancibia
Monte Verde was the ninth district of the canton, on 29 September 2021 it was segregated to become a canton on its own, the Monteverde canton, the twelfth of Puntarenas province and eighty third of the country.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Puntarenas had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The canton is covered by the following road routes:
References
Cantons of Puntarenas Province
Populated places in Puntarenas Province
Herbert Spencer (1820–1903) was an English philosopher, biologist and sociologist.
Herbert Spencer may also refer to:
Herbert Spencer (graphic designer) (1924–2002), British graphic designer
Herbert Harvey Spencer (1869–1926), English stuff manufacturer and Liberal Party politician
Herbert W. Spencer (1905–1992), American film and television composer and orchestrator
Herbert Lincoln Spencer (1894–1960), president of Bucknell University, 1945–49
Herbert R. Spencer (1860–1941), professor of obstetric medicine
Herbert Spencer Elementary School, in New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada
Clarence Joseph Esser (March 27, 1921June 1, 2009) was a professional American football end in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals in 1947. They played at the collegiate level at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
References
1921 births
2009 deaths
Sportspeople from Madison, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
American football defensive ends
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Chicago Cardinals players
Catocrocis is a monotypic snout moth genus described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1891. Its only species, Catocrocis lithosialis, was described in the same article. It is found in Brazil.
References
Pyralini
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of South America
Pyralidae genera
Taxa named by Émile Louis Ragonot
Carenum digglesi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1869.
References
digglesi
Beetles described in 1869
Raymond Renard (9 March 1925 – 19 March 2020) was a Belgian writer and linguist who earned a doctorate in philosophy from the Université libre de Bruxelles in 1954.
Publications
Arthur Cantillon. Sa vie, son œuvre (1958)
Maurice Maeterlinck et l'Italie. Renommée et influence (1959)
Points de Départ... Essais de Morale (1960)
L'enseignement des langues vivantes par la méthode audio-visuelle et structuro globale de St-Cloud-Zagreb (1965)
Sépharad. Le monde et la langue judéo-espagnole des Séphardim (1966)
Introduction à la méthode verbo-tonale de correction phonétique (1971)
Initiation phonétique à l'usage des professeurs de langues (1975)
La méthodologie SGAV d'enseignement des langues : une problématique d'apprentissage de la parole (1976)
Foreign language teaching with an integrated methodology (1976)
De structureel-globale audio-visuele methode (1976)
Éléments de phonétique (1982)
Mémento de phonétique à l'usage des professeurs de langues et des orthophonistes (1983)
Variations sur la problématique SGAV, Essais de didactique des langues (1993)
Apprentissage d'une langue étrangère/seconde. 2. La phonétique verbo-tonale (2002)
Structuro-global et verbo-tonal : Variations 1962-2010, Essais de didactique des langues (2010)
Pour une laïcité universalisable (2014)
References
1925 births
2020 deaths
Belgian writers
Luke Patrick Hayden (1850 – 23 June 1897) was an Irish nationalist politician and MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and as a member of the Irish Parliamentary Party represented South Leitrim from 1885 to 1892 and South Roscommon from 1892 until their death in 1897.
They were the son of Luke Hayden, a blacksmith at Roscommon, and was educated locally. They were secretary of one of the first Home Rule County organizations, the branch started in Co. Roscommon at the beginning of the movement. In about 1877 they succeeded O'Conor Eccles as proprietor of the Roscommon Messenger. They were Chairman of the town commissioners of the borough of Roscommon from 1880 until their death. For a time, they were a justice of the peace, but was dismissed on account of their Nationalist opinions. They spent 7 months as a suspect in prison in Galway and Monaghan in 1881 and 1882.
They won the new seat of South Leitrim by a huge majority over the Conservative candidate in the 1885 general election and was then returned unopposed in the 1886 general election.
When the Irish Parliamentary Party split over Charles Stewart Parnell's leadership in 1890, Hayden supported Parnell. They did not contest South Leitrim in the 1892 general election, but stood in their native seat of South Roscommon where they defeated the sitting Anti-Parnellite Andrew Commins by a comfortable margin, taking 63 per cent of the vote in a straight fight. They were one of only nine pro-Parnellites elected to Parliament in that election. In the 1895 general election the prominent anti-Parnellite John Dillon attempted to oust them from South Roscommon, by standing there as well as in their own seat of Mayo East. Dillon however made little dent in their majority, Hayden taking 58 per cent of the vote, again in a straight fight.
Luke Hayden was a popular local figure and their funeral cortège in the county town of Roscommon on 25 June 1897 was over a mile long. The following month, they were succeeded in their South Roscommon seat by their younger brother John Patrick Hayden, also a Parnellite, who was returned unopposed.
Footnotes
References
Brian M. Walker (ed.), Parliamentary Election Results in Ireland, 1801-1922, Dublin, Royal Irish Academy, 1978
Irish Daily Independent, 24 and 26 June 1897
The Times (London), 1 December 1885 and 25 June 1897
Roscommon Messenger, 26 June 1897
Who Was Who, 1897-1916
1850 births
1897 deaths
Irish Parliamentary Party MPs
People from County Roscommon
Parnellite MPs
UK MPs 1885–1886
UK MPs 1886–1892
UK MPs 1892–1895
UK MPs 1895–1900
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Leitrim constituencies (1801–1922)
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Roscommon constituencies (1801–1922)
Sanguisorbic acid is a constituent of some ellagitannins. It is constituted by a hexahydroxydiphenic acid unit linked by an O-C bond to a gallic acid. The differences with its isomers, valoneic acid and nonahydroxytriphenic acid, are that the hydroxyl that links the hexahydroxydiphenoyl (HHDP) group to the galloyl group belongs to the galloyl group in valoneic acid, while in nonahydroxytriphenic acid, the hexahydroxydiphenic acid unit is linked by a C-C bond to gallic acid.
It is found in 2,3-O-hexahydroxydiphenoyl-4,6-O-sanguisorboyl-(α/β)-glucose, an ellagitannin found in Rubus sanctus. It is also found in lambertianin A, B, C and D, all ellagitannins found in Rubus lambertianus.
See also
Valoneic acid
References
External links
Plant polyphenols: vegetable tannins revisited by Edwin Haslam, page 136
Ellagitannins
Biphenyls
Dihydroxybenzoic acids
Trihydroxybenzoic acids
Catechols
Pyrogallols
Diphenyl ethers
Karaski may refer to several places in Estonia:
Karaski, Põlva County, village in Estonia
Karaski, Võru County, village in Estonia
Carr Inlet, in southern Puget Sound in the U.S. state of Washington, is an arm of water between Key Peninsula and Gig Harbor Peninsula. Its southern end is connected to the southern basin of Puget Sound. Northward, it separates McNeil Island and Fox Island as well as the peninsulas of Key and Gig Harbor. The northern end of Carr Inlet is named Henderson Bay, Washington, which feeds into Burley Lagoon.
Carr Inlet was named by Charles Wilkes during the Wilkes Expedition of 1838–1842, to honor Overton Carr, one of the expedition's officers.
References
External links
, USGS, GNIS entry
Inlets of Washington (state)
Bodies of water of Pierce County, Washington
Landforms of Puget Sound
David Donald O'Malley (November 12, 1912 – October 7, 1986) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Biography
O'Malley was born on November 12, 1912 in Waunakee, Wisconsin. They attended the University of Wisconsin-Madison and was a member of the Knights of Columbus. They died of a heart attack in 1986.
Career
O'Malley was elected to the Assembly in 1958 and served until 1977. They were succeeded by Thomas A. Loftus. In addition, they were supervisor of Waunakee and a member of the Dane County Board. They were a Democrat.
References
People from Waunakee, Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Democrats
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
1912 births
1986 deaths
20th-century American politicians
"(I Wanna) Testify" is the first hit single by the soul singing group The Parliaments.
Background
The single was released at the beginning of the summer of 1967 by Revilot Records. It would be the only major hit for the group for the entire decade. The only member of the Parliaments to actually appear on the recording was group leader George Clinton, as the group was based in New Jersey at the time and only Clinton was able to travel to Detroit for the session. The recording was rounded off by session singers and musicians.
"(I Wanna) Testify" was reissued in 1969 on the Soultown label (Soultown 502-A). It was issued in Canada on the Transworld label (TW-1677) and on the Track label (Track 604032) in the UK. The first time that the single appeared on an album was the Track Records release Backtrack 6 in 1970 (Track 2407 006).
Group leader George Clinton later produced covers of both "(I Wanna) Testify" and its B-side "I Can Feel The Ice Melting". The former appeared on the 1974 Parliament album Up For The Down Stroke under the abbreviated title "Testify". Both "(I Wanna) Testify" and "I Can Feel The Ice Melting" were re-done by Otis Day and the Knights in 1989 (produced by George Clinton). Another P-Funk spin-off act, the Brides Of Funkenstein recorded a version of "I Can Feel The Ice Melting" in 1978, but the track wasn't released until the 1993 archival release "A Fifth Of Funk". That recording was produced by P-Funk production assistant Ron Dunbar.
Chart performance
The single went to #3 on Billboard R&B chart and #20 on the Pop chart.
Cover versions
Johnnie Taylor remade "(I Wanna Testify)" for their 1969 The Johnnie Taylor Philosophy Continues album - a Don Davis production - from which it was issued as the lead single in April 1969: Taylor's version rose as high as #4 R&B and crossed over to the Pop Top 40 at #36.
George Clinton produced a 1978 remake of "(I Wanna) Testify" by the Dells: the track was released as a single from the album New Beginnings but failed to chart.
In 2011, Jon Stevens recorded and released a version of the song as the lead single from their eighth studio album, Testify!.
Other cover versions
"(I Wanna) Testify" has also been covered by Roger Meddows Taylor, Noel Paul Stookey and Ronnie Wood.
References
The Parliaments songs
1967 songs
2011 singles
Jon Stevens songs
Songs written by George Clinton (funk musician)
The Book of Soyga, also titled Aldaraia, is a 16th-century Latin treatise on magic, one copy of which was owned by the Elizabethan scholar John Dee. After Dee's death, the book was thought lost until 1994, when two manuscripts were located in the British Library (Sloane MS 8) and the Bodleian Library (Bodley MS. 908), under the title Aldaraia sive Soyga vocor, by Dee scholar Deborah Harkness. The Sloane MS 8 version is also described as Tractatus Astrologico Magicus, though both versions differ only slightly.
Provenance
Elias Ashmole recorded that the Duke of Lauderdale owned a manuscript titled Aldaraia sive Soyga vocor that had formerly belonged to Dee. The manuscript was sold at auction in 1692 and is now probably Sloane MS 8, based on Jim Reeds' identification. Bodley MS. 908 was donated to the Bodleian Library in 1605.
Contents
Jim Reeds notes that the Bodley 908 MS consists of 197 pages including Liber Aldaraia (95 leaves), Liber Radiorum (65 pages), and Liber decimus septimus (2 pages), as well as a number of shorter and unnamed works totaling approximately ten pages. The final 18 pages of the manuscript contain 36 tables of letters. The Sloane MS 8 manuscript consists of 147 pages, mostly identical to the Bodley manuscript, with the exception that the tables of letters appear on 36 pages, and the Liber Radiorum is presented in a two-page summarized version.
Amongst the incantations and instructions on magic, astrology, demonology, lists of conjunctions, lunar mansions, and names and genealogies of angels, the book contains 36 large squares of letters which Dee was unable to decipher. Otherwise unknown medieval magical treatises are cited, including works known as liber E, liber Os, liber dignus, liber Sipal, and liber Munob.
Analysis
Jim Reeds, in their short work John Dee and the Magic Tables in the Book of Soyga which also appeared abbreviated in an essay, notes a proclivity to record words backwards in the MS, citing as examples Lapis reversed as Sipal, Bonum reversed as Munob, and the title of the MS, Soyga, as Agyos, literis transvectis, revealing a practice which sought to obscure some of the works cited. 'Soyga' is ‘Agios' (Greek for "Holy") spelled backwards.
Reed writes:
The Book of Soyga's preoccupation with letters, alphabet arithmetic, Hebrew-like backwards writing, and so on, is of course characteristic of the new Cabalistic magic which became popular in the sixteenth century, exemplified by the great compilation of Agrippa of Nettesheim (1486-1535), and borrowing authority both from the Renaissance humanist interest in the Kabbala expressed by such figures as Pico and Reuchlin and from the supposed Biblical antiquity of the Kabbalah."
Of the square tables that obsessed Dee, Reeds continued, "Although... not themselves a characteristic feature of the traditional Kabbalah, they had by Agrippa's time become an integral part of the Christian magical Cabala."
Significance
In 1556, Dee proposed the founding of a national English library to Queen Mary, but their plan was not implemented. In consequence, Dee amassed the largest library in England at the time using their personal funds, consisting of at least 3,000 printed volumes and a large number of manuscripts. The library was pilfered during Dee's six-year trip to continental Europe between 1583 and 1589, and Dee was forced to sell many more volumes upon their return due to penury. After their death in 1608 or 1609, the still-considerable remnants of the vaunted library were ransacked until nothing remained.
During Dee's long trip to the continent, they sought to supernaturally contact angels through the services of a scryer, Edward Kelley. On the subject of the Book of Soyga, Dee claimed to have questioned the angel Uriel about the significance of the book and asked for guidance. The reply that Dee received was that the book had been revealed to Adam in Paradise by angels, and could only be interpreted by the archangel Michael.
After Harkness rediscovered the two copies of the book, Jim Reeds uncovered the mathematical formula used to construct the tables (starting with the seed word given for each table), and identified errors of various types made by the manuscripts' scribes. They showed that a subset of the errors were common to the two copies, suggesting that they were derived from a common ancestor which contained that subset of errors (and thus was presumably itself a copy of another work).
Although Reeds deciphered the construction algorithm and the code words used in crafting the tables, the actual contents and significance of the tables remain mysterious. They write, "The treatise in the Book of Soyga which discusses the tables, Liber Radiorum, has a series of paragraphs mentioning the code words for twenty-three of the tables, together with number sequences which stand in unknown relation to the words."
See also
Grimoire
Voynich manuscript
Three Books of Occult Philosophy
Notes
References
External links
Edited and translated by Jane Kupin
The Book of Soyga
English Translation by CLAVIS EDITIONS
Occult books
16th-century books
Bodleian Library collection
British Library additional manuscripts
Treatises
Azéma is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Agénor Azéma de Montgravier (1805–1863), French archaeologist
Anne Azéma (born 1957), French-born soprano and artistic director of the Boston Camerata
Étienne Azéma (1776–1851), French poet, playwright, and writer of fables
Georges Azéma (1821–1864), French historian from Réunion
Henri Azéma (1861–1932), physician, journalist, and author from Réunion
Jean-Baptiste Azéma (17th century-1745) colonial governor of Réunion
Jean-Henri Azéma (1913–2000), French poet, father of Jean-Pierre Azéma
Jean-Pierre Azéma (born 1937), French historian
Léon Azéma (1888–1978), French architect, employed as "Architect of the City of Paris"
Mazaé Azéma (1823–1886), French politician and doctor, recipient of the Légion d'honneur
Sabine Azéma (born 1949), French movie actor and film director
French-language surnames
Coto Brus is a canton in the Puntarenas province of Costa Rica. The head city is in San Vito district.
History
Coto Brus was created on 10 December 1965 by decree 3598.
Geography
Coto Brus has an area of km² and a mean elevation of metres.
The upland canton shares its eastern border with Panama. The northern limit is high in the Cordillera de Talamanca, and the southwestern boundary runs through the Fila Zapote, one of many small coastal mountain ranges inland from Costa Rica's Pacific coast.
Districts
The canton of Coto Brus is subdivided into the following districts:
San Vito
Sabalito
Aguabuena
Limoncito
Pittier
Gutiérrez Braun
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Coto Brus had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The canton is covered by the following road routes:
References
Cantons of Puntarenas Province
Populated places in Puntarenas Province
NGC 804 is a lenticular galaxy located in the Triangulum constellation about 231 million light-years from the Milky Way. It was discovered by the American astronomer Lewis Swift in 1885. This galaxy was also observed by the French astronomer Guillaume Bigourdan on December 24, 1897 and it has been added to the Index Catalogue under the symbol IC 1773.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
External links
0804
IC objects
Triangulum (constellation)
Lenticular galaxies
007873
Against the Grain is a 1981 Australian film directed by Tim Burns.
The film had censorship issues.
References
External links
Against the Grain at Australian Screen Online
Against the Grain at Oz Movies
Australian crime drama films
1980s English-language films
1981 films
1981 drama films
1980s Australian films
The 1937 Washington Senators won 73 games, lost 80, and finished in sixth place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
January 29, 1937: Red Kress, Carl Reynolds and cash were traded by the Senators to the Minneapolis Millers for Jimmy Wasdell.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
April 4, 1937: Al Simmons was purchased by the Senators from the Detroit Tigers for $15,000.
May 2, 1937: Shanty Hogan was traded by the Senators to Indianapolis Indians for Johnny Riddle. The trade was voided on May 20, with the players returned to their original teams.
June 21, 1937: Shanty Hogan was released by the Senators.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Salisbury
References
External links
1937 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1937 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
The Luna Jacal or Luna's Jacal was the residence of Gilberto Luna, a Mexican pioneer farmer in the area of Texas that would become Big Bend National Park. The jacal, an indigenous Tejano dwelling suited to the desert environment, was built about 1890 with a low sandstone and limestone wall about , with forked poles set upright into the walls, supporting roof poles. The house backs up to a large boulder. A heavier line of poles extends the length of the jacal. The roof was made of ocotillo branches weighted down with earth and stones, presently replaced with an inappropriate soil-cement roof. Luna raised a large family at the jacal, peacefully coexisting with otherwise hostile Comanche who used the Alamo Creek area as a war trail. Luna died there in 1947 at age 108 or 109.
Luna's jacal was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 8, 1974. It was restored in 1971 and again stabilized in 1983.
Luna and the Comanche War Trail
The write-up for the National Register of Historic Places states
While a popular story associated with the jacal, some doubt exists that Gilberto Luna lived at the jacal while the Comanche War Trail was active.
The NRHP write-up uses the Road Guide to Paved and Improved Dirt Roads of Big Bend National Park as source material, originally published in 1980. As late as the 1987 revision of the guide this same verbiage is intact, but in the 2010 revision of the guide, the verbiage had been removed.
In the book Exploring The Big Bend Country an interview by Peter Koch with a grandson of Luna, Demencio C. Luna Jr., puts Luna's arrival at Alamo Wash after the close of the Comanche Trail:
The book A Guide to Hispanic Texas says Luna's Jacal was built about 1900, which agrees with Gilberto Luna's grandson's claim, and years after the last band of Comanches moved to the Fort Sill reservation in Oklahoma in 1874–75.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Big Bend National Park
National Register of Historic Places listings in Brewster County, Texas
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Houses in Brewster County, Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Big Bend National Park
1890 establishments in Texas
Buildings and structures completed in 1890
Francis Alphonsus Jayarajah (born 18 June 1947) is a Sri Lankan-born Italian cricketer. Alfonso, as they are known by most, is a left-arm bowler and a right-handed batsman. They were born in Vavuniya, studied at St. Patricks College in Jaffna, and educated at the Sapienza University of Rome.
For over 40 years, Alfonso Jayarajah, a Sri Lankan émigré, has been fostering cricket in Italy. Jayarajah was the first Cricket Captain for Italy in the nation's first cricket match, touring the UK in 1984. They were captain of the National Team until 1994, and was last selected in the Italy national cricket team at the 1997 ICC Trophy in Malaysia. They were the first person of colour to Captain Italy in any sport.
Having arrived in Rome in 1968, on a scholarship from Opus Dei for university studies they were a member of the Rome Sports Association and played in the Rome Ashes during the 60's and 70's in the Villa Doria Pamphili grounds. They currently are the President of Roma Capannelle Cricket Club, of which they are a founding member, originally named Doria Pamphili CC in 1980 and still today one of the leading cricket clubs in Italy.
Also a qualified ECB Coach & Umpire, they are a founding member of St Peter's Cricket Club, Holy See since its birth in 2014.
They have been awarded by the Italian National Olympic Committee the Medaglia di bronzo in 2013 as an Athlete and the Stella di bronzo in 2015 as a Sports Manager
References
1947 births
Alumni of St. Patrick's College, Jaffna
Living people
People from Vavuniya
Sri Lankan emigrants to Italy
Sri Lankan Tamil sportspeople
Italian cricketers
Sri Lankan cricketers
Aleksandr Vladimirovich Kuzmichyov (; born 23 April 1971) is a former Russian professional footballer who played as either a midfielder or striker.
Honours
Team
Soviet Cup: Runner-up 1991
Individual
Russian Second Division (West Zone): Top scorer 1997 (33 goals)
External links
1971 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Torpedo-2 players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
C.D. Feirense players
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
FC Arsenal Tula players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny players
FC Vityaz Podolsk players
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Russian football managers
FC Sheksna Cherepovets players
Hjelde is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Haakon Baardsøn Hjelde (born 1941), Norwegian diplomat
Jon Olav Hjelde (born 1972), Norwegian footballer
Leo Hjelde (born 2003), Norwegian footballer
Norwegian-language surnames
The 2006–07 Stanford Cardinal men's basketball team represents Stanford University during the 2006–07 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Cardinal are led by third year head coach Trent Johnson, and play their home games at Maples Pavilion as a member of the Pacific-10 Conference.
Previous season
The Cardinal finished the 2005–06 season 16–14, 11–7 in Pac-10 play to finish tied for fourth place, losing the tie-breaker against Arizona (0-2 versus Arizona). They lost in the quarterfinals of the Pac-10 Tournament to the fourth seed Arizona 73-68. Stanford accepted an invitation to the 2006 NIT winning in the opening round game against Virginia, but would lose to Missouri State in the next round.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming
Transfer In
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Pac-10 Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style=| NCAA tournament
Source:
References
Stanford Cardinal men's basketball seasons
Stanford
Stanford
Stanford
Ron Randleman (born December 17, 1941) is a former American football coach. They served as head coach at Sam Houston State University in Huntsville, Texas from 1982 to 2004. Randleman retired after the 2004 season as the winningest head coach in the history of the Sam Houston State Bearkats football program.
A native of Carlisle, Iowa, Randleman quarterbacked at William Penn College, where they graduated in 1964. After a short stint as head coach at Twin Cedars High School in Bussey, Iowa, Randleman returned to their alma mater as offensive coordinator. In 1969, they were promoted to head coach. They added the title of athletic director in 1974. They left the school after seven seasons with an overall record of 51–17–1, to coach at Pittsburg State University in Pittsburg, Kansas.
At Pittsburg State, Randleman turned the football program around, compiling a 36–25–2 record in six seasons. They directed the Gorillas to three Central States Conference championships and a trip to the NAIA national finals in 1981. They received coach of the year honors from their conference and their NAIA district three times. In 1981, they were named NAIA National Coach of the Year and NAIA District Six Coach of the Year. On February 5, 1982, Randleman left Pittsburg State to take over at Sam Houston State.
At the time Randleman arrived, the Sam Houston State had gone 25–67 in their last eight seasons. Randleman compiled a 131–125–3 record at Sam Houston State, while winning Conference Coach of the Year honors four times.
In 2006, the university named its strength and fitness center in honor of Randleman.
Head coaching record
See also
List of college football coaches with 200 wins
References
1941 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Pittsburg State Gorillas football coaches
Sam Houston State Bearkats athletic directors
Sam Houston State Bearkats football coaches
William Penn Statesmen football coaches
William Penn Statesmen football players
High school football coaches in Iowa
Matthew Christopher Howard (born September 22, 1967 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is a retired Major League Baseball second baseman. They played during one season at the major league level for the New York Yankees.
Howard attended Pepperdine University. In 1988 they played collegiate summer baseball with the Orleans Cardinals of the Cape Cod Baseball League and was named a league all-star. They were selected by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 34th round of the 1989 MLB Draft.
Howard played their first professional season with the Rookie league Great Falls Dodgers in , and their last season with the Pittsburgh Pirates' Triple-A affiliates, the Nashville Sounds, in .
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Major League Baseball second basemen
New York Yankees players
Baseball players from Massachusetts
Great Falls Dodgers players
Bakersfield Dodgers players
Vero Beach Dodgers players
Albuquerque Dukes players
San Antonio Missions players
Bowie Baysox players
Columbus Clippers players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Nashville Sounds players
Sportspeople from Fall River, Massachusetts
Pepperdine Waves baseball players
Orleans Firebirds players
The Neuroscience Research Program (NRP) is an inter-university and international organisation founded during 1962 by Francis Otto Schmitt and others, which marked a key moment in the foundation of neuroscience as a discipline.
A primary activity of the NRP was in making links between neural and behavioural sciences. The programs three core areas of interest were molecular biology, the Nervous system (neural) and psychology
Funded by federal grants from the government of the United States of America, and additionally sponsored by Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the program was headquartered at the American Academy of Arts and Sciences based in Boston House. It operated a twice weekly meeting with guest speakers talking on key issues pertaining to neuroscience, and published its findings through the Neuroscience Research program Bulletin to libraries and other individuals working in the field.
Frank Schmitt had earlier organised a meeting (seminar series) of persons at M.I.T. during 1960 and 1961, who were interested in developing cross-disciplinary understandings in the fields of physics, chemistry, and the structural examination of the brain, together with using knowledge of new psychological, psychiatric and behavioural findings. During February 1962, Schmitt invited a select number of highly esteemed scientists to a meeting within New York city, at which they all agreed to formulate a new organisation, which was named at Schmitts' bequest, and due to be located at Brookline Massachusetts.
The program held six work-sessions each year, conferences which gave rise to published reports, intensive study programs (ISP's) triannually, and special conferences which were held for specific projects, where scientists suggested ways in which the most progress in neuroscience might be made, these were referred to generally by the term Whither, held both within the United States of America, and also at other international locations.
Katheryn Cusick was a executive secretary from 1964.
References
History of neuroscience
Paul is a French chain of bakery-café restaurants found in 47 countries with the head office at Marcq-en-Barœul, Greater Lille, France.
It specializes in serving French products, including breads, crêpes, sandwiches, macarons, soups, cakes, pastries, coffee, wine and beer.
It is owned by Groupe Holder which also owned the French luxury pâtisserie Ladurée from 2002 to 2021.
History
In 1889 a bakery is established by Emmanuel & Trish Croix, Nord, France. In 1908, their son, Edmond Mayot, took over the bakery. In 1935, Edmond's daughter, Suzanne Mayot, married Julien Holder, themselves a baker and pastry chef. Julien Holder had learned very young the bakery. Together, they open a bakery in rue des Sarrazins, in the Wazemmes district of Lille. In 1953 the Holders and their son Francis took over a better known bakery-pâtisserie owned by the Paul family, and they kept the "Paul" name.
Following the death of their father in 1958, Francis Holder with their mother took over the family bakery in Lille. Because of their status as a breadwinner, Francis Holder did not fight in the Algerian War, however, they were sent for their military obligations to Nogent-le-Rotrou, in Eure-et-Loir. When they returned in 1963, they opened a new Paul bakery, on boulevard de Belfort, Lille, with 10,000 old francs. With their mother's assistance, they expanded the business and when the Nouvelles Galeries opened in 1965, they immediately offered to supply their bread. Under the "Moulin Bleu", Francis Holder provided bread to Auchan and Monoprix from their bakery in Lambersart. By 1970, they were able to purchase an abandoned industrial site at La Madeleine, in the suburbs of Lille, transforming it into an enormous bakery.
The installation in 1972 of a wood stove at the original Lille bakery proved so popular that, as the Paul chain expanded into French malls in Paris and other major French cities, it was incorporated into the general layout. Apart from a change of livery in 1993 (to the now-signature black), the layout and visual aesthetic of Paul stores has not changed.
Locations
As of 2022, there are more than 750 Paul bakery/café restaurants of which 424 in France and over 300 in 46 other countries.
The first bakery outside France was opened in 1985 in Barcelona. The first international franchise started in 1989 in Japan, with a bakery opened in Nagoya. The third country outside France to open was Morocco in 1998, where 14 Paul bakeries are open. It is also present with 34 bakeries in the United Kingdom since 2000, 14 in Lebanon since 2002, 21 in Belgium since 2007, 12 in Romania and 6 in Taiwan since 2008, 7 in Singapore since 2012 and over 70 in the Middle East since 2013.
In addition to French cities, it has multiple locations in other cities such as Abu Dhabi, Beirut, Bucharest, Bruxelles, Cairo, Cape Town, Casablanca, Dubai, Johannesburg, London, Prague, Qatar, Rabat, Riyad, Singapore, Taipei, Tokyo, Washington.
Paul's first bakery in Pakistan was opened in Karachi in March 2021. In May 2021, Paul opened its first Canadian bakery in Vancouver, Canada.
Menu
Products include pastries, cakes, beignets, croissants, sandwiches, soups, quiches, tarts, crepes, eggs, and over 140 types of bread. They also have tea, wine, beer, mineral water, soft drinks and coffee-based drinks.
See also
List of bakery cafés
References
External links
Bakeries of France
Restaurants established in 1889
Bakery cafés
Restaurant franchises
French companies established in 1889
Fast-food chains of France
Coffeehouses and cafés in France
Rhyl High School is one of two high schools in Rhyl, Wales. It was founded in 1894.
History
Rhyl and District Intermediate School was founded in 1894. In 1901 the school was relocated to Grange Road and became Rhyl County School. The school subsequently became Rhyl Grammar School after the war and finally renamed as Rhyl High School.
In April 2016, the school moved from the 1901 site on Grange Road to a brand-new building on the site of the school playing fields.
In June 2017, the school was put in lockdown for 45 minutes due to threats of violence towards pupils attending the school. The incident required the intervention of the police, resulting in the arrest of the 15-year-old culprit.
Alumni
Air Marshall Sir Peter Bairsto, KBE, CB, AFC, DL - RAF officer and Deputy Commander of RAF Strike Command (1981–1984)
Lee Congerton - footballer
Tesni Evans - Wales international squash player
Kimberly Hart-Simpson, actor and business person
Tom Hooson - MP for Brecon and Radnorshire (1979–1985)
Sir John T. Houghton - Scientist and co-chair of Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change
Ann Jones - Member of the Welsh Assembly for Vale of Clwyd
Professor Harold Lawton
Richard Mills-Owen - Chief Justice of Fiji (1964–1967)
Gareth Williams, Baron Williams of Mostyn - British politician, Leader of the House of Lords (2001–2003)
References
External links
School website
School prospectus
Educational institutions established in 1894
Rhyl
Secondary schools in Denbighshire
1894 establishments in Wales
The 1910 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1910 college football season. In its first season under head coach Ralph Glaze, the team compiled a 6–1–1 record and outscored opponents by a total of 217 to 17.
The sole loss was because Baylor left at halftime, with the score tied 6–6 against Texas, due to a dispute with the referee.
Schedule
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor Bears football
Kenneth R. Chien (born 1951) is an American doctor and medical scientist who has been a research director at Karolinska Institute, in Stockholm, since 2013. Chien has several papers with over 1,000 citations and a h-index of 132. Their area of expertise is cardiovascular science. Their research into regenerative cardiovascular medicine, specifically while director of the Cardiovascular Program of the Harvard Stem Cell Institute, led to their co-founding, in 2010, of ModeRNA Therapeutics. In 2018, the company re-branded as Moderna, Inc. Chien is a recipient of the Walter Bradford Cannon Award of the American Physiology Society and the Pasarow Award.  They are a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, the Austrian Academy of Sciences, and has received an honorary doctorate from the University of Edinburgh.
Education
Kenneth's father Luther was born in China and escaped the second world war. They became a Harvard and MIT scholar, and DuPont scientist while working for the navy. Luther wanted Kenneth to become a neurologist.
Kenneth Chien earned a BA from Harvard College in Biology before earning their PhD and MD from Pennsylvania's Temple University. They continued to study internal medicine and cardiology at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. At Temple, Chien's PhD thesis was entitled "Biochemical events in irreversible, ischemic liver cell injury", which was published in 1982 and for which they conducted their dissertation in 1983.  They are also a third generation Harvard alumnus, following their father and grandfather.
Career and research
Chien became a member of the faculty at the University of California at San Diego, acting as director of the Institute for Molecular Medicine from 2000 to 2005, with an adjunct appointment as a Professor of the Salk Institute. During that period, Chien was also responsible for co-founding the Institute of Molecular Medicine at Beijing's Peking University. Chien then worked as Scientific Director of the Cardiovascular Research Center at Massachusetts General Hospital from 2005 to 2012, concurrent to directing the Cardiovascular Program of the Harvard Stem Cell Institute from 2007 to 2013. In 2013 Chien took up a position as Professor of Cardiovascular Research and Research Director or the Wallenberg-Cardiovascular Initiative at Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden. In an interview, Chien discussed the opportunity at KI to work closely with Astrazeneca in Molndal to move forward discoveries in regenerative therapeutics made in their lab towards clinical application, as well as praising Sweden as “a country that has decided to put its faith in science and technology". Dr. Chien has received numerous grants from the National Heart, Lung, And Blood Institute, dating back to 1985. They have also applied for several patents, securing a total of 17.
Moderna involvement
While working at Harvard, Chien was approached by Derrick Rossi, a colleague at the Harvard Stem Cell Institute, about co-founding a newco, based on findings in the Rossi lab on reprogramming stem cells with mRNA. This eventually turned into the medical research company Moderna Therapeutics, co-founded by Rossi, Chien and Bob Langer under the aegis of Flagship VentureLabs in 2011. In 2011, the Chien Lab made the discovery of the high efficiency expression of VEGF mRNA in heart muscle, resulting in a patent on the discovery that triggered mRNA towards therapeutic applications. In 2013, Chien and their associates documented the ability of VEGF mRNA for coronary vascular regeneration and to reverse the onset of heart dysfunction, thereby opening the potential of were researching the possibility of using synthetic messenger RNA (mRNA) to produce therapeutic desired effects in a patient's muscle cells:
“What we have shown is that muscle cells take up this synthetic mRNA and will express almost any protein quickly. The technology will allow an intense, focused, one‐time application to drive a therapeutic effect that might have a long‐lasting effect by affecting, expanding and redirecting the fate of rare native tissue progenitors that are normally mobilized during injury and usually contribute to scar tissue.”
At Karolinska, the Chien lab documented the ability to generate large numbers of human Islet heart progenitor cells from human embryonic stem cells, which resulted in a partnership with Astrazeneca to move the project toward clinical application.
In February 2019, AstraZeneca and the Chien lab reported the first in human study of an mRNA therapeutic, noting reversal of vascular dysfunction in diabetic patients by VEGF mRNA.
Awards and honors
American Physiological Society - Walter B. Cannon Award - Annual Award For Outstanding Investigator in Physiological Sciences
Robert J. and Claire Pasarow Foundation - Pasarow Foundation Award
Austrian Academy of Sciences - Foreign Member Elect
Norwegian Academy of Sciences - Foreign Member Elect
University of Edinburgh - Honorary Doctorate of Science
UCSD School of Medicine - American Heart Association Chair in Cardiovascular Research
Harvard University - Sanders Endowed Chair in Medicine and Cell Biology
Swedish Research Council - Distinguished Professorship
European Research Council (ERC) - Advanced Research Grant Award
Knut and Alice Wallenberg - Research Grant Award
Selected publications
"PPARγ is required for placental, cardiac, and adipose tissue development", Y Barak, MC Nelson, ES Ong, YZ Jones, P Ruiz-Lozano, KR Chien, ..., Molecular cell 4 (4), 585–595, (1999)
"Postnatal isl1+ cardioblasts enter fully differentiated cardiomyocyte lineages", KL Laugwitz, A Moretti, J Lam, P Gruber, Y Chen, S Woodard, LZ Lin, ..., Nature 433 (7026), 647–653, (2005)
"Signaling pathways for cardiac hypertrophy and failure", JJ Hunter, KR Chien, New England Journal of Medicine 341 (17), 1276–1283, (1999)
"Multipotent embryonic isl1+ progenitor cells lead to cardiac, smooth muscle, and endothelial cell diversification", A Moretti, L Caron, A Nakano, JT Lam, A Bernshausen, Y Chen, Y Qyang, ..., Cell 127 (6), 1151–1165, (2006)
"Cardiac muscle cell hypertrophy and apoptosis induced by distinct members of the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase family", Y Wang, S Huang, VP Sah, J Ross, JH Brown, J Han, KR Chien, Journal of Biological Chemistry 273 (4), 2161–2168, (1998)
"Epicardial progenitors contribute to the cardiomyocyte lineage in the developing heart", B Zhou, Q Ma, S Rajagopal, SM Wu, I Domian, J Rivera-Feliciano, ..., Nature 454 (7200), 109–113, (2008)
"Regulation of cardiac gene expression during myocardial growth and hypertrophy: molecular studies of an adaptive physiologic response", KR Chien, KU Knowlton, S Chien, The FASEB Journal 5 (15), 3037–3064, (1991)
"ErbB2 is essential in the prevention of dilated cardiomyopathy SA Crone", YY Zhao, L Fan, Y Gu, S Minamisawa, Y Liu, KL Peterson, ..., Nature medicine 8 (5), 459–465, (2002)
"MLP-deficient mice exhibit a disruption of cardiac cytoarchitectural organization, dilated cardiomyopathy, and heart failure", S Arber, JJ Hunter, J Ross Jr, M Hongo, G Sansig, J Borg, JC Perriard, ..., Cell 88 (3), 393-403 (1997)
"Enhanced myocardial function in transgenic mice overexpressing the beta 2-adrenergic receptor", CA Milano, LF Allen, HA Rockman, PC Dolber, TR McMinn, KR Chien, ..., Science 264 (5158), 582–586, (1994)
External links
Google Scholar Page
Patents by Inventor Kenneth R. Chien
References
1951 births
Living people
American medical researchers
Harvard College alumni
Temple University alumni
Moderna people
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
This list comprises all players who have scored at least one competitive goal (MLS, Playoffs, US Open Cup, CONCACAF Champions League) for the New York Red Bulls (formerly known as the MetroStars) since the team's first Major League Soccer season in 1996. Players who were on the roster but never scored a goal are not listed.
Goalscorers
As of September 10, 2022 (All competitive matches):
Statistics from Major League Soccer and Metro Fanatic
Bold signifies current Red Bulls player
Goals by Nation
As of September 10, 2022 (All competitive matches)
References
Goal
David Ure (1749 – 28 March 1798), was a Scottish geologist. They have been called "the father of Scottish palaeontology"; their book The History of Rutherglen and East-Kilbride contains the first illustrations of fossils in Scotland.
Life
Ure was born in Glasgow and baptised there on 30 March 1749; they were the eldest of nine children of Patrick Ure, a weaver, and their wife Isabell Malcolm. Their father died while they were still young, and they worked as a weaver to support their mother. They resolved to enter the ministry, and obtained an education at Glasgow Grammar School, and afterwards at the University of Glasgow (while still a weaver), where they graduated M.A. in 1776; at the university the Greek professor, James Moor, turned their attention to the undeveloped science of geology. While a student in divinity they were for some time assistant schoolmaster at Stewarton, and afterwards they taught a subscription school in the neighbourhood of Dumbarton.
In 1783 they were licensed to preach by the presbytery of Glasgow, and became assistant to David Connell, minister of East Kilbride in Lanarkshire. During their residence in the parish they made researches into its history, and devoted themselves particularly to the study of its mineral strata. In 1793 they published the results in The History of Rutherglen and East-Kilbride. The book was supported by public subscription; the geologists James Hutton and John Playfair were among the 700 subscribers. It contains the first scientific descriptions of many fossils, and the first illustrations of fossils in Scotland.
On the death of Connell in 1790, Ure had some expectation of being appointed their successor, but, finding the parish not unanimous, they set off for Newcastle-upon-Tyne on foot, and acted for some time as assistant in the presbyterian church there. They remained there until in Scotland they attracted the attention of Sir John Sinclair, 1st Baronet, who employed them in preparing the first sketches of the agricultural surveys of the counties of Roxburgh, Dumbarton and Kinross for their Statistical Account of Scotland. Ure's treatises were published separately by the Board of Agriculture, the first two in 1794 and the last in 1797. They oversaw the publication of several of the later volumes of the Statistical Account, and drew up the general indices.
In appreciation of their work in December 1795 they were presented by David Erskine, 11th Earl of Buchan to the parish of Uphall in Linlithgow. They were ordained in July 1796. On 28 March 1798 they died of dropsy at Uphall; they were buried in the Erskine family vault, at St Nicholas Kirk in the village.
References
Attribution
1741 births
1798 deaths
Scientists from Glasgow
Scottish geologists
Dillon station is a train station in Dillon, South Carolina, served by Amtrak, the United States' railroad passenger system. It was originally built by the Florence Railroad in 1893, but only as a freight station. Once the railroad was consolidated into the Atlantic coastline Railroad in 1898, the passenger station was opened in 1904. The station survived the merger of the Atlantic coastline and Seaboard Air Line Railroads into the Seaboard coastline Railroad in 1967, only to terminate passenger service in 1971. Amtrak service to Dillon began on June 15, 1976, with the introduction of the Palmetto. The four-faced station clock also contains two Fahrenheit thermometers.
Gallery
References
External links
Dillon Amtrak Station (USA Rail Guide -- Train Web)
Dillon, SC (DIL) (Amtrak's Great American Stations)
Amtrak stations in South Carolina
Atlantic coastline Railroad stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1904
Balbir Singh Sidhu is the Incumbent member of Punjab Legislative Assembly and was Cabinet Minister of Health and Family Welfare and Labour in Punjab Government.
Career
They joined the Indian National Congress in the '90s and served as Joint Secretary, Vice president, and Senior Vice president of the Punjab Youth Congress Committee. They were also appointed in charge of Congress during Lok Sabha election 1999 in Punjab.
In 2007 Punjab assembly election they won from Kharar Assembly constituency by defeating Shiromani Akali Dal candidate Jasjit Singh. Again won from S. A. S. Nagar Assembly constituency in 2012 and then in 2017 elections.
They joined Bhartiya Janta Party on 4 June 2022 along with Raj Kumar Verka, Gurpreet Singh Kangar, Sundar Sham Arora, and others at the party office in Chandigarh.
References
1959 births
Living people
21st-century Indian politicians
Politicians from Barnala district
Punjab, India MLAs 2007–2012
Former members of Indian National Congress from Punjab
Punjab, India MLAs 2012–2017
Punjab, India MLAs 2017–2022
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Punjab
I.E. Weldon Secondary School is a public high school in Lindsay, Ontario, Canada, which teaches grades 9, 10, 11, and 12. It is operated by the Trillium Lakelands District School Board
The school contains 60 rooms for rent, over 200 classrooms, 2 gymnasiums, a fitness center (work out room), a multi-media library resource center, and specialized areas for music, drama, art, cooking, woodworking and shop. It is also home to one of the largest French immersion High School programs in Canada. There are currently 1671 children enrolled.
History
The school opened in 1971 with additions completed in 1985, 1995, and 2002. The school was named after a prominent local lawyer, Isaac Ernest Weldon, who left a generous bequest of money to the Victoria County Board of Education, with the stipulation that the interest generated annually would be divided amongst graduating students in the County advancing to post-secondary education.
Both Mr. Weldon and the school have come to be highly regarded for a philanthropic spirit.
The school's proximity to Kawartha Lakes City Road 36 caused council to request more frequent monitoring of speed limits by municipal police. The school was a campaign stop for Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty during the 2007 general election.
Education
I.E. Weldon Secondary School offers diversified programs focusing on academics, the arts, co-operative education, personal development and technical studies to meet the individual needs of students. The school offers a full French Immersion Program. The International Baccalaureate Diploma (IB Diploma Programme) is a rigorous Grade 11 and 12 international curricula involving six subject areas. The Practical, Academic and Life Skills (PALS) program for developmentally delayed students provides many opportunities to develop physical, social and employability skills. Students in the area of Technical Studies are very active as they work towards a trade through the Ontario Youth Apprenticeship Program. The school also offers a Specialist High Skills Major in construction, as well as a dual credit program with Fleming College in Peterborough. Recently it has also started offering SHSM in Arts and Culture.
Extracurricular activities and clubs
Leadership
Students and staff at Weldon contribute to Plan International Canada, which supports children in developing countries around the world. Weldon currently sponsors 30 children through this program, ranking the school as one of the top contributing schools in Canada. The school routinely raises significant funds through the following events: United Way campaign, Hoops for Heart, and Big Bike for Heart and Stroke. Their Terry Fox Run raised more than $25,000 in 2009, with over 500 students participating.
Programs
Extra-curricular programs provide opportunities for students pursuing a diverse range of interests. Clubs available for student participation include a to We team (known as Wildcats for Change), a Reach For the Top trivia team, the Weldon Writer's Guild, and the Student Administrative Council.
Athletics
Notable alumni
Note that not all personalities listed are known to have graduated from I. E. Weldon.
Jeff Beukeboom, retired NHL professional hockey player
Carl Coulter, retired CFL professional football player
Tyler Kyte, television actor and singer
Luka Magnotta, notable criminal
See also
List of high schools in Ontario
References
External links
I.E. Weldon Secondary School
High schools in Kawartha Lakes
Educational institutions established in 1971
1971 establishments in Ontario
Ben Franklin is an unincorporated community in Delta County, Texas, United States, four miles (6 km) northeast of Pecan Gap and 77 miles (124 km) northeast of Dallas. The town's ZIP Code is 75415.
The settlement was located on Benjamin Simmons' land grant and named for their son, Benjamin Franklin Simmons. The Simmons family, along with the Birdwells and Hogues, arrived in the area in 1835 and were among the first settlers.
Rise of the town
The first post office was established in 1853. The next year, a Methodist Episcopal church was established. The first school in the settlement was probably established shortly after the American Civil War.
By 1884 Ben Franklin had a population of 200 and thrice-weekly mail service. Cotton ginning and shipment were the major businesses, but others included three sawmills, a shingle manufacturer, two flour mills, and a feed mill. The town also had three general stores, the McGinnis and Company saloon, a restaurant, an apothecary shop, and a blacksmith shop.
The Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe Railway built a track just north of Ben Franklin in 1886, and the settlement became a stop on the line by 1889. In 1890 it had a population of 1,000, two hotels, two livery stables, and a telegraph office. John McFall had opened a grocery, and P. H. Snodgrass worked as a sign painter. Citizens could attend new Baptist, Christian, and Adventist churches. In 1892 Ben Franklin supported two new hotels, a doctor had opened an office, and a barber had moved to town.
Decline and near desertion of the town
In 1895 the Texas-Midland Railroad built through Cooper, the county seat, and drew much of the traffic from Ben Franklin. By 1904 the population had decreased to 343. In 1912 only two businesses remained. Records for 1918 indicated two segregated schools. The town had 300 people and no businesses in 1925.
However, by 1929 it had had a slight revival with 500 residents and a bank. By 1936 the railway through town had become part of the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe system, and the town had seven businesses, a school, three churches, and a population of 300. In 1945 rapidly declining Ben Franklin had 250 residents and seven businesses.
In 1964 Ben Franklin had a water tank, two churches, two cemeteries, one business, the post office, and 150 inhabitants. Six years later there was a Ben Franklin Community Center. The only business in 1976 was Fremman's Grocery. In 1990 the community had seventy-five residents.
External links
Map:
Unincorporated communities in Delta County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Utopia is a website with daily updating of information about LGBT culture in the countries of the Asia-Pacific region.
Utopia, founded by American John C. Goss, was a ground-breaking Internet enterprise when it was formed in Bangkok, Thailand, on December 13, 1995. At the time of its launch, such information was hard to come by, even for LGBT citizens within their own nations. Since then, it has pioneered new businesses, published seminal books and forged relationships to emerge as a potent unifying force for Asian LGBT people.
The Utopia website was preceded by the opening of Southeast Asia's first gay and lesbian center, one year earlier, in December 2004. Goss and partners from Singapore, Thailand and the United States opened the Utopia complex in the Sukhumvit Road area of Bangkok and it included an LGBT bookshop, cafe, pub and guesthouse. The center went on to host author readings, women's workshops, AIDS/HIV education and fundraising, and Bangkok's first International Lesbian and Gay Film/Video Festival: Hearts of Light, programmed by Canadian filmmaker, Paul Lee.
The Utopia website was the first Internet portal providing up-to-date pan-Asian information in a non-pornographic format. An archive of the Utopia website is available from 1996 onwards at The Wayback Machine. The website went on to garner recognition from TIME Magazine, Lonely Planet, Yahoo!, Gay Times, Advocate and BBC World Service.
Utopia was a founding sponsor of the first Bangkok Gay Festival in 1999, the first Pattaya Gay Festival in 2001, and also sponsored the annual Phuket Gay Festival.
The annual Utopia Awards was established in 2000 to give special recognition to gay and lesbian pioneers in Asia and other worthy groups and individuals who have made outstanding contributions to Asia's LGBT community.
In 2005–2007, Goss began publication of ten landmark Utopia Guide books to gay and lesbian life in China; Cambodia/Laos/Myanmar/Vietnam; Thailand; Singapore; Malaysia; Indonesia; Japan; South Korea; Taiwan; and Asia (16 countries).
Utopia continues to pursue its original goal to improve the lives of Asian lesbians and gay men, to build community, and to foster a deeper understanding of gay life in the region. The Utopia website remains the Internet's most respected and comprehensive English-language resource for the multi-faceted homosexual subcultures of Asia.
External links
Utopia
LGBT-related websites
Thai websites
Shepherd Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Verona in Oneida County, northwest of Verona.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
W.R. Varadarajan () (9 July 1945 – 11 February 2010) was an Indian politician and trade unionist. They were a Central Committee member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and All India Secretary of the Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU).
Varadarajan began their political career with M. P. Sivagnanam's Tamil Arasu Kazhagam. They were a Chartered Accountant and an employee of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). In 1963 they joined the CPI (M). They were elected to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from Villivakkam Constituency in 1989 election. They obtained 99571 votes (46.77% of the votes in the constituency). They lost the seat in the 1991 election to Congress candidate E. Kalan. Varadarajan finished second, obtaining 71963 votes (33.79%).
Death
On 14 February 2010, Varadarajan was reported missing by their wife. It was reported they had left behind two unsigned notes. In one suicide note written on 6 February, they had mentioned to problems in their personal life as the reason for choosing suicide. They had earlier been relieved of their membership of the CPI (M) central committee for undisclosed reasons. After a brief search, Tamil Nadu police announced on 21 February that Varadarajan's body had been found in the Porur lake on 13 February and had been kept in the Government Royapettah Hospital mortuary. It was later confirmed as Varadarajan by their wife and fingerprint tests.  They are survived by their wife Saraswathi and two sons.
References
Trade unionists from Tamil Nadu
Communist Party of India (Marxist) politicians from Tamil Nadu
2010 deaths
1945 births
Matthew Sweeney was a poet.
Matt(hew) Sweeney may also refer to:
Matt Sweeney, musician
Matt Sweeney (special effects artist), visual effects artist of Apollo 13
Matthew Sweeney (baseball), see 2009 in baseball
Matt Sweeney (athlete) on List of Australian athletics champions
The grey-hooded parrotbill (Sinosuthora zappeyi) is a species of parrotbill in the family Paradoxornithidae.
It is endemic to China.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and temperate shrubland.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Sources
BirdLife International 2004. Paradoxornis zappeyi. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 26 July 2007.
Robson, C. (2007). Family Paradoxornithidae (Parrotbills) pp. 292–321 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
grey-hooded parrotbill
Birds of Central China
Endemic birds of China
grey-hooded parrotbill
grey-hooded parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ritta Boemm (1868–1948), a Hungarian artist, was considered talented among Dresden's women artists. Them gouache pictures dealing with Hungarian subjects, a "Village Street," a "Peasant Farm," a "Churchyard," exhibited at Dresden in 1892, were well drawn and full of sentiment, but lacking in color sense and power. They worked unevenly and seemed pleased when they succeeded in setting a scene well. They also painted portraits, mostly in pastel, which were described as spirited, but not especially good likenesses. What they could do in the way of color was noted in their "Village Street in Winter," a picture of moderate size, in which the light was exquisite. However, most of their paintings were less notable than this one.
References
1868 births
1948 deaths
Hungarian women artists
Hungarian artists
Dome La Muerte, pseudonym of Domenico Petrosino (born 18 May 1958), is an Italian guitarist, songwriter and disc jockey.
 They are one of the greatest representatives of the Italian hardcore punk movement of the 80s.
Biography
The early years and the CCM
Self-taught guitarist, they joined Upper Jaw Mask at the age of 17, a rock-funky-blues band, with whom they recorded a 45 rpm.
From this first experience in 1979 the Cheetah Chrome Motherfuckers were born, one of the first Italian hardcore punk bands, protagonists of the GDHC (Gran Ducato Hard Core) scene. With the CCMs they will tour Italy and Europe and will participate in the well-known Last White Christmas concert on 4 December 1983 organized by the GDHC which will be released in the United States on double cassette.
The meeting with Not Moving
At the end of a concert held in Piacenza, they are approached by Not Moving who have lost their guitarist and ask them to come in with them. After a bit of hesitation also related to the distance between Pisa and Piacenza, they accept too because they are looking for new sounds. In 1984 on the eve of CCM's American tour and after a year in which they played with two bands, they left the band from Pisa to devote themselves solely to Not Moving. It is in this period that the nickname Dome La Muerte was born, which they will use in the artistic field from then on.
With Not Moving they open The Clash concerts at the PalaLido in Milan, by Johnny Thunders (former New York Dolls) for three Italian dates, and plays at the Loft in Berlin with Litfiba, Pankow and Monuments in an evening dedicated to Italian rock. The positive feedback from the lives and albums Black 'N' Wild and Sinnermen also allowed them to pass on RAI together with the band.
After the internal split with Not Moving in 1989, they remain in the band where they will release the last two albums Song of Myself (with many guests including Giovanni Lindo Ferretti of CCCP and the cheyenne poet Lance Henson) and Homecomings, both close to the indigenous cause, a theme very dear to them that they will also take up in subsequent projects. One of the Homecomings concerts was broadcast by Videomusic. With the new lineup they play shoulder to Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds on the dates in Rome and Milan. With Not Moving, together with Lance Henson, opens the concert of John Trudell, American singer-songwriter and actor of Dakota origin. In 1996 they definitively disbanded Not Moving.
Later bands and other experiences
In 1996 they founded Hush, a grunge band, precursor of the stoner, with whom they will record an album and open a concert by The Fleshtones.
In the same year they were invited to "America America", a tribute to the Americanist Fernanda Pivano, in Conegliano Veneto together with Allen Ginsberg, Jay McInerney, Fabrizio De Andrè, Francesco Guccini and others.
In this period they collaborate as a guitarist in MGZ and Le Signore, an electronic punk theater-cabaret project.
In 1997 they play the guitar for the soundtrack of the film Nirvana by Gabriele Salvatores.
In 2006, following the release of Live in 80's, they reunite with Not Moving for a tour where they will also be the shoulder to Iggy Pop. At the end of that year they return to rock'n'roll and punk with the Dome La Muerte & The Diggers project, which is their longest-running project to date. In the first album, among the guests, Rudi Protrudi of the Fuzztones. The second album, Diggersonz, in order to fully recover the rock'n'roll roots, is recorded entirely in analogue by Jorge "Dr. Explosion "Muñoz-Cobo Gonzalez at Estudios Circo Perrotti in Gijón in Spain, a studio famous throughout Europe for rock'n'roll productions, hosting bands such as The Chesterfield Kings and The Cynics.
In 2011 they made their first album in their own name only Poems for Renegades, where they reaffirm their love for the west and the music of spaghetti westerns. In the album, almost entirely acoustic, there are two tracks with lyrics by Lance Henson and many guests including Maurizio Curadi of Steeplejack.
In 2012 they start a live project, still active, paired with the Italian-Greek singer Marina Mulopulos (former Almamegretta), in which they bring around a repertoire that includes songs by David Bowie, Velvet Underground, Iggy Pop, Judy Henske, Janis Joplin and many others.
In 2014 they join the Avvoltoi, a historic Italian band with whom they will record a record and a live.
In 2015 they also play steadily with Lupe Velez, the first solo project by Stefano Ilari, punk rocker from Livorno, then a stable band, with whom they record the first ep Mystic Man.
In 2016 they form the duo Ashvin with Tony Vallini producing the psy-trance CD Brothers and Sisters.
In 2017 they put on another Dome La Muerte EXP project. Here the music is a western-psychedelic instrumental, linked to the soundtracks of the so-called B series films.
As a DJ, they worked as a resident in the 90s at Baraonda, a well-known disco-pub in Massa, a meeting point for rockers from the Tuscan coast. Their DJ activity will continue in many clubs in Tuscany and beyond.
Not Moving LTD
In 2018 they reunite again with Not Moving which, having replaced bass and keyboards with a second guitar, are renamed Not Moving LTD. Left to do ten concerts, they will do thirty in eight months and will release a single.  They are currently working with them on the release of a new album.
The cinema
In the field of cinema they played the character of a rock'n'roll gravedigger in the comedy Dreams of Glory with Carlo Monni, released in theaters in 2014. One of their songs is used in the soundtrack of the film. Instead, they appear as themselves in the documentary Italian Punk Hardcore 1980-1989: Il film. In the film Nico, 1988 by Susanna Nicchiarelli, which tells the last years of the career of the singer Nico, muse of the Velvet Underground, the character of Domenico Petrosino played by Thomas Trabacchi appears. The film narrates the real events in which our host hosts the German star at home and accompanies them on the Italian tour.
The Bacchelli Law
On November 25, 2020, they give an interview to Rolling Stone where they announce that they are in difficulty following the interruption of concerts in Italy due to the covid, and therefore intends to request the benefit of the Bacchelli Law. To support this cause, a subscription was launched on Change.org where over 4000 signatures were collected.
The Book
On 3 December 2020 their autobiography Dalla parte del torto. Una storia hippie punk e rave is released. A hippie punk and rave story, co-written with Pablito El Drito, edited by Agenzia X.
Discography
With Upper Jaw Mask
1978 - Whiskers-Zak-Zero (7", Cessofonya Records)
With Cheetah Chrome Motherfuckers
1981 - 400 Fascists (7" EP, Cessofonya Records)
1983 - Sfregio Permanente / Permanent Scare (LP, Children Of The Revolution Records)
1983 - (We Are The) Juvenile Delinquency (MC, self-production)
1984 - Last White Christmas, II (MC Compilation, Bad Compilation Tapes)
1984 - International P.E.A.C.E. Benefit Compilation (LP, Compilation, R Radical Records)
1985 - Furious Party (7" EP, Belfagor Records)
1985 - Single Ticket To Paradise (7" Compilation, Neg Fx)
1985 - Flipside Vinyl Fanzine Vol 2 (LP Compilation, Flipside Records)
2017 - The Furious Era 1979/1987 (LP Compilation, Area Pirata)
With Not Moving
1983 - Movin Over (7", Electric Eye Records)
1985 - Black' N' Wild (12" EP, Spittle Records)
1986 - Sinnermen (LP, Spittle Records)
1987 - Jesus Loves Their Children (12" EP, Spittle Records)
1988 - Flash on You (LP, Electric Eye Records)
1989 - Song of Myself (LP, Wide Records)
1992 - Flash On You / Dancing (12" singolo, V.I.T.R.I.O.L.)
1995 - Homecomings (CD, Pick Up Records)
2003 - Land of Nothing (LP, Area Pirata)
2005 - Live in 80's (CD+DVD, Go Down Records)
2007 - Wild Sound From The Past Dimension (LP Compilation, Go Down Records)
2011 - Light/Dark: Singles And Eps, 1982-1987 (LP Compilation, Spit / Fire)
With Hush
1996 - Om (CD, Toast Records)
As Dome La Muerte & The Diggers
2007 - Dome La Muerte and The Diggers (CD, Go Down Records)
2007 - Sorry, I'm A Digger (7", Area Pirata)
2008 - Rock Sound 116 (CD Compilation, Rock Sound)
2010 - Diggersonz (LP, Go Down Records/Area Pirata)
2010 - Bored 'n' Lazy (7", Area Pirata)
2013 - Supersadobabi (LP, Go Down Records)
2013 - If You Fight (7", Surfin' Ki Records/Go Down Records)
As Dome La Muerte
2011 - Poems For Renegades (CD, Japanapart Records)
With gli Avvoltoi
2014 - Amagama (LP, Go Down Records)
2014 - Il nostro è solo un mondo beat - 25° Anniversario - Live At Sidro (LP, Go Down Records)
2019 - Questo gioco rende eroi (CD Compilation, Altini)
With Lupe Velez
2015 - Mystic man (CD EP, Area Pirata)
With Ashvin
2016 - Brothers and Sisters (CD, Veleno Music)
As Dome La Muerte E.X.P.
2017 - Lazy Sunny Day (LP, Go Down Records, Cinedelic Records)
With Not Moving LTD
2019 - Lady Wine - (7", Area Pirata)
Participation in other projects
1988 - The Ravings - Anti-Nature Will
1989 - The Unlimited - The Unlimited
1989 - Wilderness - Underground
1995 - MGZ - Cambio Vita
1997 - Mauro Pagani / Federico De Robertis - Nirvana (soundtrack)
2000 - MGZ & Le Signore - Karakiri
2005 - Spina Nel Fianco - Sulla Cattiva Strada
2008 - David Petrosino - Slices
2010 - The Headbangers - Hate Song (7")
2018 - Lupe Velez - Weird tales
2018 - Gualty - Transistor
Filmography
Bibliography
References
Related Voices
Indigenous peoples of the Americas
External links
Lead guitarists
Hardcore punk musicians
Italian rock musicians
Psychedelic musicians
Protopunk musicians
Italian guitarists
Italian DJs
1958 births
Living people
Chhaeb District () is a district located in Preah Vihear Province, in northern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 12,450. The population recorded by the 2008 census was 16,731.
Administration
As of 2020, the district contains the following khums (communes).
References
Districts of Preah Vihear province
Sverre Thornes (born 2 November 1960) is a Norwegian businessperson.
They were hired in Kommunal Landspensjonskasse to work with portfolios in 1995, and led the daughter company KLP Kapitalforvaltning from 2001 to 2006. They led the Kommunal Landspensjonskasse life insurance branch until 3 January 2008, when they became CEO of Kommunal Landspensjonskasse.  They are also a board member of the Norwegian Financial Services Association and Finance Norway.
They reside in Oslo.
References
1960 births
Living people
Norwegian businesspeople in insurance
Habban Valley is a village in India which is 70 km from Solan via Rajgarh.
Geography
The Habban Valley is surrounded by forests of deodar and is located in the hills of Sirmaur, a lush green village that is 6770 ft in elevation and is 70 km from Solan. Direct buses are available from Shimla, Solan, and Rajgarh but personal vehicles are also driven within the area.
The weather is usually pleasant around the year. The wildlife in the area consists of: peacocks, deer, tigers, bears, kakkar, kastura and ghol. There are also various trails within Habban Valley which include a 7-km trek to Banalidhar or take a longer trek (15 km) to Churdhar. Habban is located next 10 km away from neighboring Shaya village which contains the shrine of the widely revered Shirgul Devta.
References
Valleys of Himachal Pradesh
The Kente Festival is an annual harvest festival celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Bonwire in the Ejisu-Juaben district in the Ashanti region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated in the month of January. Others also claim it is celebrated in July or August.
Celebrations
It is celebrated to promote and mark the invention of the Kente industry in the town of Bonwire. The festival also intends to assert the influence of the Kente as cloth from Ghana. The chiefs and the inhabitants of Bonwire wear Kente clothes and various designs they have sewn.
Significance
The festival is commemorated to mark the origin of the Kente cloth in the town of Bonwire which was invented over 300 years ago.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Charassognathus (meaning 'notched jaw') is an extinct genus of Late Permian cynodonts. Described in 2007 from a locality near Fraserburg, South Africa, Charassognathus is one of the earliest and most basal cynodonts. It is known only from the holotype, which dates from the Late Permian Period. The type and only species is C. gracilis. The holotype (SAM-PK-K 10369), found in the Tropidostoma Assemblage Zone of the Teekloof Formation, is made up of a crushed skull, partial lower jaw and one leg.
Charassognathus was a quadrupedal predator. It was named for a notch on its coronoid process which most likely was the insertion point for a chewing muscle, the adductor mandibulae externus. Charassognathus was a small animal, with a skull only in length. Since the body of Charassognathus has not been discovered, its full length remains unknown, but estimates have been made at .
Description
Charassognathus has a snout that makes up slightly less than half of the total length of its skull and a long facial process on its septomaxilla. Other than these two features its skull is that of a typical cynodont. The odd shape of its septomaxilla is more typical of therocephalians than other cynodonts indicating that it may be close to a common ancestor between the two groups.
See also
List of therapsids
References
Prehistoric cynodont genera
Lopingian life
Lopingian synapsids of Africa
Permian South Africa
Fossils of South Africa
Fossil taxa described in 2007
Flint is a 2017 television drama film based on the Flint water crisis in Flint, Michigan. Directed by Bruce Beresford, it premiered on Lifetime on October 28, 2017. The film stars Queen Latifah, Betsy Brandt, Jill Scott, and Marin Ireland. The film or its cast have been nominated for three Image Awards, a Critics' Choice Television Award and a Primetime Emmy Award.
Production
In January 2017, the singer and actor Cher announced plans to produce and star in a film about a fictional Flint woman dealing with the water crisis and how it affects their family. Cher dropped out of the project in March, citing a "serious family issue" as the cause. Queen Latifah and Jill Scott were later cast in the film. Latifah's production company Flavor Unit Entertainment and their partner Shakim Compare also produced the film. Lyndie Greenwood later joined the cast. It is based on the Time magazine cover story "The Poisoning of an American City". It premiered on October 28, 2017. Primary filming took place on location in Toronto and Hamilton, Ontario. Hamilton City Hall stood in as the city hall for Flint.
Reception
Accolades
References
External links
2017 television films
2017 films
Lifetime (TV network) films
American drama television films
Films set in Michigan
Films directed by Bruce Beresford
Films scored by John Debney
Environmental films
Films shot in Toronto
2010s American films
Przevalski's redstart (Phoenicurus alaschanicus), also known as the Ala Shan redstart, is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
It is endemic to China.
Its natural habitat is temperate forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Przevalski's redstart
Birds of North China
Birds of Central China
Endemic birds of China
Przevalski's redstart
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Steve Holt (born 1954) is a Canadian jazz pianist.
Early life and education
Born in Montreal, Quebec, in 1954, Holt exhibited musical ability in early childhood, playing piano at the age of four. By the time they were a teenager, Holt was a regular on the Montreal club scene.
Holt remained self-taught until they entered McGill University. There, they were taught by pianist Armas Maiste, whose bebop playing influenced him. Holt also became a student of Kenny Barron, traveling regularly to New York City for private lessons with the pianist. Holt graduated from McGill in 1981 with that university's first Bachelor of Music major in Jazz Performance, and taught jazz improvisation there.
Later life and career
In 1983, Holt's debut album, The Lion's Eyes, was released. It was nominated for a Juno Award. They have worked with jazz musicians Larry Coryell, Eddie Henderson, and Archie Shepp. Holt moved to Toronto in 1987 and worked as an equity analyst. For a time, they also continued playing clubs at night. Further albums were released in the 1990s: Christmas Light (1991); Just Duet (1992); and Catwalk (1994).
In 1999, Holt returned to concentrating on music full-time. Three years later, their fifth album, The Dream, was released. They then moved into music production, and stopped performing jazz live until 2014. Following a move to the countryside, their interest in jazz performance returned. In 2017, they opened a health food store in Warkworth, Ontario, that operates as a jazz venue once a week.
Discography
1983: The Lion's Eyes (Plug)
1991: Christmas Light (Inner Music)
1992: Just Duet (Sackville) with Kieran Overs
1993: Catwalk (Sackville)
2001: The Dream (Trilogy)
Singles
2002: We Need You (Trilogy)
2002: Just to Be With You (Trilogy)
2003: Soon (Trilogy)
References
External links
Official site
1954 births
Living people
Canadian jazz pianists
Musicians from Montreal
Post-bop pianists
Jewish Canadian musicians
Canadian jazz composers
Male jazz composers
McGill University School of Music alumni
Canadian pop pianists
Canadian singer-songwriters
Canadian male singers
Canadian financial analysts
Anglophone Quebec people
Canadian male pianists
21st-century Canadian pianists
21st-century Canadian male musicians
Sackville Records artists
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Thurston County Courthouse may refer to:
First Thurston County Courthouse, Pender, Nebraska
Thurston County Courthouse (Nebraska), Pender, Nebraska
Thurston County Courthouse (Washington), Olympia, Washington
The Fascio d'Azione Rivoluzionaria (translatable into English as "Fasces of Revolutionary Action"; figuratively "League of Revolutionary Action") was an Italian political movement founded in 1914 by Benito Mussolini, and active mainly in 1915. Sponsored by Alceste De Ambris, Mussolini, and Angelo Oliviero Olivetti, it was a pro-war movement aiming to promote Italian entry into World War I. It was connected to the world of revolutionary interventionists and inspired by the programmatic manifesto of the Fascio Rivoluzionario d'Azione Internazionalista, dated 5 October 1914.
The movement achieved its primary goal when Italy declared war on Austria-Hungary in May 1915, and most of the movement's members joined the army. After the war, almost all of them met in 1919 in Piazza San Sepolcro for the foundation of the Fasci Italiani di Combattimento, which preceded the National Fascist Party founded in 1921.
History
The Fascio d'Azione Rivoluzionaria was founded on 11 December 1914 and held its first meeting on 24 January 1915. The First World War had begun in July 1914, but Italy remained neutral, and public opinion as well as the political majority in parliament supported continued neutrality and non-involvement in the war. In this context, the Fascio d'Azione Rivoluzionaria was created as an umbrella organization for pro-war activists led by Benito Mussolini, who were called interventionists because they wished for Italy to intervene in the war.
At the meeting in January 1915, a motion was passed which stated that national problems - including the issue of national borders - needed to be resolved in Italy and elsewhere "for the ideals of justice and liberty for which oppressed peoples must acquire the right to belong to those national communities from which they descended." Mussolini asserted on this occasion that Italy should join the war "for the liberation of the unredeemed peoples of Trentino and Istria", which implied territorial claims over regions inhabited by ethnic Italians. The Fascio d'Azione Rivoluzionaria committed itself to Italian irredentism - the desire to expand the borders of Italy to encompass all ethnic Italians - while also wishing to annex some strategically important territories without an Italian majority, such as South Tyrol.
Due to Mussolini's support of Italian intervention in the then-ongoing World War I, they received financial support from Ansaldo (an armaments firm) and other companies, especially from the sugar and electrical industries. They received additional support from government-backed sources in France. Later, in 1917, Mussolini was allegedly also supported by the British Directorate of Military Intelligence, who are claimed to have paid them a £100 weekly wage; this help is said to have been authorised by Sir Samuel Hoare. However, regardless of the financial support they accepted for their pro-interventionist stance, Mussolini's socialist critics noted that Mussolini was free to write whatever they wished in their newspaper Il Popolo d'Italia, without prior sanctioning by their financial backers.
In March 1915, Mussolini declared the movement's irredentist stance towards Trieste, in which they stated that Trieste "must be, and will be Italian through war against the Austrians and, if necessary, against the Slavs." In an article on 6 April 1915, Mussolini addressed the movement's irredentist stance towards Dalmatia, arguing that Italy should not annex all of Dalmatia because claims that it had a majority of Italian speakers were "not a good enough reason to claim exclusive possession of all of Dalmatia." However, they did support Italy annexing a vast section of Dalmatia including its entire archipelago.
The Fascio d'Azione Rivoluzionaria also received ideological influence from members other than Mussolini, such as Giuseppe Prezzolini, who had previously been a member of the Italian Nationalist Association. Prezzolini was impressed by Mussolini, and in late 1914 began to write for Mussolini's newspaper Il Popolo d'Italia. During an interventionist demonstration on 11 April 1915 that was confronted by neutralist PSI members, Italian state police killed one man, an electrician named Innocente Marcora. Both interventionists and neutralists were outraged by the man's death. The Fascio d'Azione Rivoluzionaria took part in a joint neutralist-interventionist work stoppage for one day on 14 April. In writing about these events, Mussolini referred to their supporters for the first time as "fascists", although they put the word in inverted commas at this time.
Also in April 1915, Mussolini accused Italy's King Victor Emmanuel III of being a pro-German "Philistine", charging them of being "foreign" and allegedly a "neutralist." However, the Italian government was already secretly negotiating the Treaty of London to join the war on the side of the Entente, and in May 1915 the king signed the declaration of war. Most of the members of the Fascio d'Azione Rivoluzionaria quickly volunteered to join the army and left for the front lines, but Mussolini themselves waited until they were conscripted in September 1915; they remained in the army until they were wounded during a training exercise and discharged because of their injuries in June 1917.
References
Bibliography
Mauro Canali, Cesare Rossi. Da rivoluzionario a eminenza grigia del fascismo, Il Mulino, Bologna, 1991.
Luca Leonello Rimbotti, Fascismo rivoluzionario. Il fascismo di sinistra dal sansepolcrismo alla Repubblica Sociale, Passaggio Al Bosco, 2018.
External links
National syndicalism
Organizations established in 1915
Organizations disestablished in 1919
Benito Mussolini
Defunct nationalist parties in Italy
Fascist parties
1915 establishments in Italy
1919 disestablishments in Italy
Croton Point Park is a Westchester County park in the village of Croton-on-Hudson.
The park has several public attractions including a miniature aircraft airport, boat launch, tent and RV camping, cabin rental,
cross-country skiing, fishing, group picnicking, hiking and walking trails, a museum, nature study, pavilions, a playground, swimming, and a beach.
History
In the 1800s the Underhill family owned the land that is now Croton Point Park. Grapes, watermelons, and apples were grown. A brickyard was also on the property. A few buildings built with these bricks are still standing at Croton Point. The park is also home to several historic sites such as a set of wine cellars from an old manor.
A substantial portion of the land on which the park is situated today was the site of a landfill, which was operated by the Westchester County government from 1927 to 1986. The landfill has since been capped off and restored to green space. A 1931 map shows the landfill area as marsh.
Events
The park hosts a number of events each year, including the annual Hudson River Sloop Clearwater festival, the Croton Point Shindig, and Hudson River Eagle Fest.
References
External links
Official county website
Parks on the Hudson River
Parks in Westchester County, New York
Nature centers in New York (state)
Beaches of Westchester County, New York
Hudson River School sites
Snoopy Presents: For Auld Lang Syne, or simply For Auld Lang Syne, is a 2021 Peanuts animated special. It is the first Peanuts special produced for Apple TV+, the first Peanuts special since Happiness Is a Warm Blanket, Charlie Brown ten years prior, and the first Peanuts holiday special since I Want a Dog for Christmas, Charlie Brown eighteen years prior. The special was released exclusively on Apple TV+ on December 10, 2021. It was nominated for Best Animated Special Production at the 49th Annie Awards.
Plot
On the first week of December, Lucy begins Christmas preparations for the arrival of their grandmother, whom they love dearly. Meanwhile, Charlie Brown tries to finish their New Year's resolutions, which in typical fashion, they fail to do any of. Lucy compacts them to two specific ones: build a snowman (which they immediately fails at) and do something "remotely" creative. Elsewhere, Snoopy celebrates the arrival of their siblings. Spike, only having a childhood photo of them and the others, tries to take a new current photo, but is constantly stymied by bad luck.
On Christmas Eve, Lucy is distraught to learn that their grandmother is not coming this year (her reason is unknown) and solemnly worries that they are unloved. In an effort to feel better, they decide to throw a New Year's Eve party at an old abandoned theater, which they manage to rent with the numerous nickels Charlie Brown has paid them over the years. They invite everyone and has Charlie Brown be in charge of decorations with the other kids also helping out. Snoopy's family gets invited to play at the party; however, when Spike's camera is accidentally destroyed, Spike decides to leave, saddening the dogs.
The party does not go the way Lucy wants, as everyone finds their rules boring and uninteresting. Soon everyone becomes miserable as Lucy tries to get Linus to save the party, but they instead snap back at Lucy for trying to make it about themselves instead of their friends. As everyone leaves, Charlie Brown accidentally knocks down the decorations, essentially failing their second resolution. Snoopy and their siblings find Spike at the bus stop afterwards and apologize for what happened before. As Lucy misses the New Year hour, Charlie Brown meets with Linus and learns why Lucy was upset to begin with, empathizing with them
Linus finds Lucy in their bedroom and reminds them that they love them no matter what. Charlie Brown arrives to give words of encouragement and reveals that they brought everyone from the party after explaining the situation. Everyone pretends to restart the countdown as Lucy finally has a party that satisfies everyone, Franklin takes a good photo of Snoopy and their siblings together and Lucy helps Charlie Brown with another New Year's resolution by immediately crossing it off: Being a good friend.
Cast
Etienne Kellici as Charlie Brown
Terry McGurrin as Snoopy
Rob Tinkler as Woodstock, Spike, and Olaf
Lexi Perri as Peppermint Patty
Isabella Leo as Lucy
Wyatt White as Linus
Hattie Kragten as Sally
Holly Gorski as Marcie
Caleb Bellavance as Franklin
Natasha Nathan as Patty
Charlie Boyle as Violet
Jacob Soley as Pigpen
Matthew Mucci as Schroeder
Jackson Reid as Thibault and Maynard
Will Bhaneja as Shermy
Jacob Mazeral as José Peterson
Lucas Nguyen as Floyd
Katie Griffin as Belle
Mark Edwards as Andy
Cory Doran as Marbles
Harley Ruznisky as Tapioca Pudding
Maya Misaljevic as Frieda
Production
On October 19, 2020, Apple had signed a deal to acquire the streaming rights to the Peanuts holiday specials for Apple TV+, including orders for new specials to be produced for the service. On October 4, 2021, Apple had announced the release date and title for the special, with the trailer following on November 29.
Reception
The special was well received by critics and fans. Common Sense Media rated the film 4 out of 5, adding: "Peanuts New Year's movie is cute but not iconic." Joel Keller from Decider.com also rated it highly, saying, "Shifting the perspective to the usually confident Lucy, and showing a moment where they have a lack of confidence, is refreshing and welcome." Chuck Wilson from The Village Voice also praised the special, saying, "Kaytis and co-writers Alex Galatis and Scott Montgomery transform Lucy from a character of nostalgia into a girl as self-reflective and searching as any young person watching the special might be. Them crisis of self is sure to resonate, and that's a triumph not only for Kaytis and company but for the late Charles Schulz, who gave their characters the gifts of grace and intelligence but also melancholy and doubt."
Accolades
The special was nominated at the 49th Annie Awards for Best Animated Special Production.
References
External links
Peanuts television specials
Works based on Peanuts (comic strip)
New Year's television specials
Films directed by Clay Kaytis
Siem Pang District is a district located in Stung Treng Province, in north-east Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 13,517.
The Khmer Khe language is spoken in Siem Pang District.
References
Districts of Stung Treng province
Pavel Aleksandrovich Kalashkin (Павел Александрович Калашкин) (born on 26 September 1970, in Kazan) is a Russian rugby league footballer and rugby coach, acting as head coach of the Russian national beach rugby team.  They are a Master of Sports of Russia.
Career
Known for their performances for Strela Kazan, a many-times champion and winner of the Russian Rugby League Cup. They also represented Russia in the 2000 World Cup. Kalashkin played in all three matches from the bench.
As a coach, they are known for coaching the Kazan rugby club Energya, whose presidency they also held (the club won the FRL-2014 with him), and Strela Kazan. They were also appointed Executive Director of the Rugby Federation of the Republic of Tatarstan, as well, as organizer of the rugby sevens competitions of the 2013 Summer Universiade.
References
Living people
Russian rugby league players
Russia national rugby league team players
1970 births
Sportspeople from Kazan
Michael Nutt is a male Irish international lawn bowler.
Profile
They were born in 1966 and won the bronze medal in the fours with Noel Graham, Neil Booth and Jim Baker at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester. They bowl for the Old Bleach Bowling Club and was the National triples champion in 2001 and 2019.
References
Living people
1966 births
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Male lawn bowls players from Northern Ireland
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Northern Ireland
Otto Magnus (Martin) von Schwerin (21 June 1701 - 14 August 1777) was a Prussian general in the army of Frederick the Great.
Their parents were the Prussian colonel Johann Georg (Hans Jürgen) von Schwerin (3 May 1668 - 5 June 1712) and Maria Esther von Dockum. Their mother was the daughter of Martin Arnd von Dockum from the Duchy of Geldern and Magdalena Esther von Loë of Oldenpiel. Their brother Frederick Leopold (1699–1750) was also a Prussian general.
Military career
As a 13-year-old boy (1714), they entered the Prussian military service on the Kürassierregiment zu Pferd „Kronprinz“ (Cuirassier-of-Horse Regiment "Crown Prince"). At the beginning of the First Silesian War Schwerin was already Lieutenant-Colonel and Commander of the Markgräflich Bayreutschen Dragoonsregiment ("Margraviate of Bayreuth's Dragoon Regiment"). Both their regiment and himself, however, did not gain any laurels in the battles at Mollwitz in 1741 and Chotusitz in 1742: the latter was particularly painful, when their regiment was dispersed by the enemy cavalry before the advance. In addition, they were seriously wounded and captured by the Austrians. Frederick the Great then decreed the royal disgrace of their cavalry.
Returning to their garrison town of Pasewalk after the peace, Schwerin devoted themselves with zeal to the intense training of their regiment. Frederick II was very satisfied with their work and ordered the commanders of the three East Prussian Dragoon regiments to go to Pasewalk and learn from Schwerin.
Schwerin's fame came on 4 June 1745, in the Battle of Hohenfriedberg, by the famous charge of their regiment Bayreuth under Gessler and their leadership. After the battle Frederick the Great said to him, "Schwerin, such a deed as this day is not to be found in all the Roman history," and rewarded Schwerin with the promotion to major general and the award of the Order Pour le Mérite. Later, Schwerin also got the territorial administrative governorship (Amthauptmann) of the Prussian towns of Stettin and Fischhausen, which earned 10,000 thaler annual income.
King Friedrich was less satisfied with Schwerin's achievements in peacetime, because the general was soon known for having fun carousing with their officers. Frederick exhorted them "to stop from drinking," but without success. In 1755, during the autumn maneuver at Stargard, Schwerin received such a sharp reprimand from the king, "A mischief that pulls them once more." They then withdrew to their estates in Pomerania and asked for leave, which however was not granted. After a year, the Seven Years' War broke out and Frederick urged Schwerin to resume the command of their regiment, which the General did. In 1756, Schwerin was promoted to lieutenant-general, and distinguished themselves again in the battle of Lobositz (1 October 1756), but they took leave in 1757. On account of their conflict with Frederick II, they were never raised to the rank of baron or count, and von Schwerin remained a simple lord.
In 1761, Otto von Schwerin, who lived in Busow, bought the Dargibell estate from Leonhard von Eickstedt. The hard-drinking rider general built a pavilion with a wine cellar, the so-called "drinking house", on a trench-guarded tower hill. There they celebrated hunting and drinking bouts with their former officers from Pasewalk.
Otto Magnus von Schwerin died on their Busow estate near Anklam on 14 August 1777.
1701 births
1777 deaths
People from Halberstadt
Lieutenant generals of Prussia
Prussian military personnel of the Seven Years' War
Quark is the annual international techno-management festival of BITS Pilani, K.K. Birla Goa Campus. It usually takes place in early February, and has thousands of participants.
Launched as a local event in 2006, Quark became a national event in 2008. Since then, Quark has consistently seen participation from colleges across India. It usually features various events pertaining to the different engineering branches as well as the pure sciences, but has more recently expanded the range of events to include various events, related to entrepreneurship. and business.It ​has grown manifold since its inception in 2006 and has made a name for itself as an avant-garde technical festival, showcasing the latest innovations and hosting pioneers in the fields of science and technology. Since 2013, Quark has been awarded UNESCO Patronage, the highest form of support granted to an organization, being only the third fest in India to receive the same.
History
Quark 2006 was the first version and was an intra-campus competition
Quark 2007 turned Quark into a local inter college Goa festival.
Quark 2008 went national for the first time, featuring participation from colleges across India. It highlights included an aero modelling workshop followed by an air show, a magic show, and a performance by the juggling troupe "Feeding the Fish" from London.
Quark 2009 saw greater participation than in the previous edition, playing host to around 5000 students from 350 colleges across India. Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam, former President of India, inaugurated the festival, the inaugural speech also being streamed live to the Pilani Campus. Performances by internationally renowned flutist Padma Vibhushan Pt. Hariprasad Chaurasia and a fire show by the Carnival of the Divine Imagination(rhythmic fire and light performance group from Brisbane, Australia) pulled huge crowds. BITSMUN (BITS Model United Nations) made its maiden appearance during this edition. ACYUT 2, a humanoid robot made by BITS students, was a significant attraction during the 3 days of the festival.
Quark 2010 surpassed its predecessor in terms of popularity as it attracted more than 35,000 students from different national colleges. The festival was inaugurated by the Honorable Chancellor of BITS, Pilani University Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla. Guest Lectures by Mr. Vic Hayes (known as the Father of Wi-Fi), Nobel Laureates - Prof. Harry Kroto and Prof. Douglas Osheroff, and delegates from Mozilla Foundation were prominent features of Quark 2010. This edition marked the expansion of the festival to international grounds.
Graviton, an off-campus initiative aimed at spreading academic innovation through a workshop series on Ethical hacking (GEHWS) and Robotics (GRWS), was organized in the buildup to the festival. This edition of Quark also saw a series of workshops on Fuel Cell Development, Social Media Marketing and Application development on the Windows 7 platform, amongst others.
Logo
The Quark logo highlights how Quark as a festival will never stop growing. The spirit of innovation and progress is reflected in the way Quark has constantly brought something new and wonderful to offer. In lieu of this, the left half of the new logo appears like a blueprint or something always under construction. The right half shows the developed Quark, depicting the fiery passion, unity and teamwork, and thought and creativity, all of which goes into making Quark the tremendous success that it always is. The Quark banner is synonymous with innovation, as each edition boasts of events, guest lectures, workshops and special nights surpassing the ingenuity and grandeur of its predecessors.
Events
Quark has bloomed under various panels such as:
1. Electrify
2. Roboficial
3. Design and Build
4. Programmers' Inc.
5. Corporate
6. Elixir
7. Initiatives
8. Specials
9. Quark Summer Technical Projects
Specials
BITSMUN
BITSMUN (BITS Model United Nations) is a United Nations simulation, held with an aim to educate participants in civics, current events, effective public speaking, globalization and multilateral diplomacy. The event follows the standard MUN format, in which participants take up roles as international diplomats or delegates and engage in a simulated United Nations conference. BITSMUN is spread over three days, consisting of an inauguration ceremony on Day 1 and a Delegates Ball on Day 2 in addition to two daily sessions of 3 hours on all three days.
Exhibitions, workshops and guest lectures
Several workshops were conducted during the course of Quark 2010. As part of 'Corporate' events, a Six Sigma workshop by KPMG was held. An Adobe Flex workshop was conducted to familiarize students with the Adobe Flex software development kit along with a PSoC workshop by Cypress Semiconductors. In addition to this, there were exhibitions by DRDO, CSIR and ISRO.
For Quark 2013, there were workshops by Wikimedia gadget development for MediaWiki and the Python Wikipedia bot framework (or PyWikipediaBot) used for automating tasks on a wiki. Other workshops included learning vision robotics, Raspberry Pi and WSN by Inventrom and the like.
Quark, in its recent editions, has also presented Guest Lectures by Nobel Laureates Sir Harry Kroto, Prof. Douglas Osheroff and Mr. Vic Hayes. It has also had leading professors such as MIT Emeritus professor of Physics, Walter Lewin in the 2014 edition.
Aurora
Aurora refers to the special performances during the nights of Quark. Recent performers include the London-based troupe 'Feeding the Fish'(performers at the 2004 Athens Olympics) and 'The Carnival of Divine Imagination' from Australia. The institute's own dance, mime, music and drama clubs also perform at these nights.
Corporate social responsibility
Red
Quark has also been a promoter of social responsibilities. Using the wide geographical reach of the organizers, Quark started a nationwide blood donation initiative called Red that increased awareness of blood donation in India. It was initiated in collaboration with the Indian Red Cross Society. It was started with a goal to increase awareness and dispel irrational fears about blood donation in the youth of India. It also aims to increase the voluntary blood donors database in India in an effort to make a difference in health care facilities across the country
Sponsorship
Quark, with a footfall exceeding 30,000, witnesses participation from over 200 colleges from across India. Since its inception, Quark has attracted sponsorship associations from companies including Sabre, eBay, IBM, Mahindra, Toyota, Cypress Semiconductors, CEAT, Honeywell, Applied Materials and Syngenta.
Media
Over the years, Quark has had associations with various media outlets such as The Hindu, Hindustan times, The Times of India, Big FM, Radio Mirchi, BBC Knowledge Magazine, Digit, Business Economics magazine and several others. Quark has also been covered by magazines such as Engineering Review, Exhibit, Electronics For You, Power Learning and Youth Inc magazine for the past few years. Also, Quark has been extensively featured on several websites and social media pages like ScoopWhoop and The Scribbled Stories. Besides this Quark has been widely covered by Goan TV channels, Newspapers and magazines.
References
External links
Quark official website
Quark Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/bitsquark/
Technical festivals in India
Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani
Code-switching is the use of more than one language in speech.
Code-switching or Code Switch may also refer to:
Code Switch, a race and culture outlet and weekly podcast from National Public Radio in the United States
Code switching (football), players who have converted from one football code to another
See also
Code (disambiguation)
Code-mixing, the mixing of two or more languages or language varieties
Macaronic language, text using a mixture of languages
Switch (disambiguation)
Switching (disambiguation)
SO or so may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Music
So (album), an album by Peter Gabriel
So (band), a duo from the 1980s formed by two members of The Opposition
"So" (Static-X song), a song by Static-X
"Sō (New Love New World)", a song by Masaharu Fukuyama
"So", a song by War from Why Can't We Be Friends?
"So", a song by Fates Warning from Disconnected
S.O. (rapper)
Other
"SO" (Sons of Anarchy), the third season premiere of the FX television series Sons of Anarchy
So Television, a British TV production company
Businesses
Austrian Air Services (former IATA airline designator SO)
Sosoliso Airlines (former IATA airline designator SO)
Southern Airways (former IATA airline designator SO)
Southern Company (stock symbol SO)
Superior Aviation (IATA airline designator SO)
Language
So language (Democratic Republic of Congo), a Bantu language
Sô language, a Katuic language (Mon-Khmer) of Laos and Thailand
Swo language, a Bantu language of Cameroon
Soo language, a Kuliak language of Uganda
Somali language (ISO 639 language code "so")
So (kana), a Japanese kana
So (word), an English word
Places
So, Iran, a village in Isfahan Province, Iran
Canton of Solothurn, Switzerland
So Phisai District, Bueng Kan Province, Thailand
SO postcode area, UK, the Southampton postcode area
Somalia (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code SO)
South Otago, part of New Zealand's South Island
Southern State Parkway, a highway in New York, United States
Science, technology, and mathematics
Computing
.so, the top-level Internet domain of Somalia
.so, a filename extension for a shared object (a dynamic library or module) in Unix and Linux
Shift Out, an ASCII control character in computing
Small-outline integrated circuit
StackOverflow, a programming Q&A site
Mathematics
SO (complexity), second-order logic in descriptive complexity
Special orthogonal group, a subset of an orthogonal group
SO(2), a term used in mathematics, the group of rotations about a fixed point in the Euclidean plane
SO(3), a term used in mathematics, the group of rotations about a fixed point in three-dimensional Euclidean space
SO(4), a term used in mathematics, the group of rotations about a fixed point in four-dimensional Euclidean space
SO(5), a term used in mathematics, the special orthogonal group of degree 5 over the field R of real numbers
SO(8), a term used in mathematics, the special orthogonal group acting on eight-dimensional Euclidean space
Physics and chemistry
Sulfur monoxide
SO(10) (physics), a term used in particle physics, one of the grand unified theories is based on the SO(10) Lie group
Names
Sō, a Japanese surname and given name
Su (surname) (/), a Chinese surname and a Korean surname () derived from it
So (Korean name) (蘇 or 邵)
Other uses
So (סוֹא), King of Egypt, usually identified with Osorkon IV
So (dairy product), a type of dairy product made in ancient Japan
Sales order, an order received by a business from a customer
Sao civilisation or So, an African civilisation and population that flourished from ca. the 6th century to ca. 15th century
Shell on, a form of presentation in shrimp marketing
Significant other, a partner in a romantic relationship
Strikeout, in baseball
See also
Esso, an Exxon trade name, phonetic version of SO
So and so (disambiguation)
Só (disambiguation)
S0 (disambiguation)
The Moslem Chronicle was a short lived weekly English language newspaper in the late 19th century published from Kolkata. The newspaper represented the views of a Europeanised Muslim Bengali community.
History
The Moslem Chronicle started publication in 1895. It was published by Abdul Hamid and was the mouthpiece of the educated Bengali Muslims who were educated in English language. The newspaper was known for supporting modernization of the Muslim community and providing a space for free thinkers. It published writings by Meerza Delawar Hosaen Ahmed, the first Muslim graduate of the University of Kolkata. The newspaper wrote about issues important to the Muslim community such as education, Muslim-Indian National Congress relations, etc. The newspaper also wrote about discrimination by the British against the native Bengali population. The Muslim Chronicle also wrote about the looming partition of Bengal during its last few years. The newspaper seized publication in 1905. It is a valuable source material on Bengali Muslim life in the late 19th century. It formally stopped publication in 1910; having practically stopped publication before.
References
English-language newspapers published in India
Defunct newspapers published in India
Publications established in 1895
Bagh-e Zardalu (, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Zardālū) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 21 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The 1991 Monmouth by-election was a by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Monmouth in Wales on 16 May 1991. It was won by the Labour Party candidate Huw Edwards.
Vacancy
The seat had become vacant when the sitting Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Sir John Stradling Thomas had died at the age of 65 on 29 March 1991. They had held the seat since the 1970 general election.
Electoral history
Candidates
The Conservative candidate was 44-year-old Roger Evans. The Labour Party candidate was 38-year-old Huw Edwards.
Result
The result was a victory for the Labour candidate, Huw Edwards, who took the seat on a swing of 12.6%.
However, they were unseated at the 1992 general election by their defeated Conservative opponent Roger Evans, who held the seat until Edwards regained it in the Labour landslide at the 1997 general election.
See also
Monmouth
1934 Monmouth by-election
1939 Monmouth by-election
1945 Monmouth by-election
List of the United Kingdom by-elections
Notes
References
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Welsh constituencies
1991 in Wales
1990s elections in Wales
1991 elections in the United Kingdom
Elections in Monmouthshire
History of Monmouth, Wales
20th century in Monmouthshire
Penistone Show is a one-day agricultural show held annually in Penistone in South Yorkshire, England, UK. The show has been held most years for the last 150 years and is always held on the second Saturday in September (so it will always fall between 8 and 14 September.)
It is said to be the largest one day show in the North of England, with visitor numbers exceeding 10,000 in some years.
The show consists of a number of different competition classes, from livestock to show jumping and dog shows to horticulture, handicrafts and photographs. The show also offers entertainment and displays from choirs and brass bands to sheep shearing, singing and dry stone walling.
The show has almost been held annually without fail. A few years were missed due to the World Wars however. The foot and mouth disease troubles in 2001 did not cause Penistone show to be cancelled. Instead the show went ahead without the livestock. In 2007 another foot and mouth crisis also eliminated the livestock element again. However, the sanctions were lifted just in time to allow the cattle and sheep classes to go ahead. The goat and pigs were unable to make an appearance.
In recent years Penistone Community Radio (formerly Penistone FM) has also been broadcasting live during show day.
External links
Official Penistone Show website
Pictorial Penistone 'Penistone Show' Pages
This is Penistone 'Penistone Show' Page
Penistone
Agricultural shows in Yorkshire
Festivals established in 1873
1873 establishments in England
Lodebar is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Taynaya Bay () is a bay which is completely enclosed except for a very narrow entrance on the north side, lying within the northern part of Langnes Peninsula, Vestfold Hills. The feature was photographed by the Lars Christensen Expedition (1936–37), but was plotted on the subsequent maps as a lake. John Roscoe's 1952 study of air photographs taken by Operation Highjump (1946–47) showed that the bay is connected at the north to the sea. It was photographed by ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) (1954–58) and the Soviet Antarctic Expedition (1956), the latter applying the name Bukhta Taynaya (secret bay).
Bays of Princess Elizabeth Land
Ingrid Christensen Coast
The Wonderland Trail is an approximately hiking trail that circumnavigates Mount Rainier in Mount Rainier National Park, Washington, United States. The trail goes over many ridges of Mount Rainier for a cumulative of elevation gain. The trail was built in 1915.
The shelters are part of the notable rustic architectural theme that is particularly consistent at Mount Rainier in both frontcountry and backcountry, having all been built at the height of the NPS Rustic design trend. Since its founding in 1916, the NPS sought to design and build visitor facilities without visually interrupting the natural or historic surroundings. The shelters are part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
Built by Civilian Conservation Corps
The Summerland Trail Shelter, the Indian Bar Trail Shelter, and North Mowich Trail Shelter are the three CCC shelters remaining on the trail. Both were designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design, under the supervision of Edwin A. Nickel.
Summerland Trail Shelter
The Summerland Trail Shelter in Mount Rainier National Park is a rustic shelter on the Wonderland Trail, built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1934. The shelter features stone walls and a log roof structure, in a saltbox shape. It Measures about by . According to the supervising landscape architect, "The workmen were inexperienced in stone work and the shelter was not too good in appearance, but it was in harmony with its location." The shelter was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991.
North Mowich Trail Shelter
The North Mowich Trail Shelter is one of a series of shelters designed to provide simple shelter to hikers on the Wonderland Trail in Mount Rainier National Park. The North Mowich shelter was built in 1934 by Civilian Conservation Corps workers. The log structure, open to the front, measures by . The shelter was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991.
Indian Bar Trail Shelter
The Indian Bar Trail Shelter in Mount Rainier National Park is a rustic shelter on the Wonderland Trail, built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1940. The shelter features stone walls and a log roof structure, to a design by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design, under the supervision of Edwin A. Nickel. Measuring about by , it is one of two CCC shelters remaining on the trail, with the earlier Summerland Trail Shelter. The Indian Bar shelter features a stone fireplace, and replaced an earlier ranger-built shelter. The shelter was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991.
In 2008, renovations were made to the Indian Bar Shelter to make repairs and correct drainage problems. Funding provided by the Mount Rainier National Park Associates was matched under the federal NPS Centennial Project.
Other historic shelters
Sunset Park Patrol Cabin
The Sunset Park Patrol Cabin was built in 1922 to shelter park rangers and hikers on the Wonderland Trail in Mount Rainier National Park. The cabin, at Golden Lakes, is a log structure about by with a low porch (included in the dimensions) across the front. The interior is finished with varnished logs and a wood floor. It was one of several such cabins built in 1922. The cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991.
White River Patrol Cabin
The White River Patrol Cabin was built in 1927 by the National Park Service at the White River Campground in Mount Rainier National Park, as the White River Campground Ranger Station. The rustic cabin functioned as a patrol cabin because of its location on the Wonderland Trail. Construction is post and beam frame with log roof framing. The three-room cabin was remodeled in 1949. The cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991.
In 1998 White River Patrol Cabin underwent rehabilitation. This historic back country cabin serves as a mini-museum about the park's extensive trail system, including the Wonderland Trail.
Sunset Park Trail Shelter
The Sunset Park Trail Shelter was built in 1931 at Golden Lakes in the Sunset Park portion of Mount Rainier National Park. The rustic log structure provides shelter for hikers on the Wonderland Trail that encircles Mount Rainier. The Sunset Park shelter is built in a saltbox shape, with a porch spanning the width of the front. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991.
See also
Wonderland Trail
National Park Service rustic
References
Park buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Government buildings completed in 1940
Buildings and structures in Pierce County, Washington
Rustic architecture in Washington (state)
Ranger stations in Mount Rainier National Park
Civilian Conservation Corps in Washington (state)
Wonderland Trail shelters
Huts
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
Log cabins in the United States
Residential buildings completed in 1922
Government buildings completed in 1931
Government buildings completed in 1927
Government buildings completed in 1934
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
1922 establishments in Washington (state)
The Testament is the sixth studio album by Swedish progressive metal band Seventh Wonder, released on 10 June 2022. It is the band's first studio album in almost four years since Tiara (2018), marking the longest gap between two studio albums in the band's career without a recording hiatus.
Track listing
"Warriors" – 4:42
"The Light" – 6:13
"I Carry the Blame" – 6:06
"Reflections" – 5:35
"The Red River" – 6:12
"Invincible" – 3:39
"Mindkiller" – 5:58
"Under a Clear Blue Sky" – 8:45
"Elegy" – 5:51
Personnel
Seventh Wonder
Tommy Karevik – vocals
Andreas Söderin – keyboard
Johan Liefvendahl – guitar
Andreas Blomqvist – bass
Stefan Norgren – drums
Charts
References
2022 albums
Seventh Wonder albums
Cape Dory Yachts was a Massachusetts-based builder of fiberglass sailboats, powerboats, and pleasure trawlers which operated from 1963 to 1992. It also produced a small number of commercial craft.
History
The company was founded in 1963 by Andrew Vavolotis in Bridgewater, Massachusetts. It began building a small fiberglass sailing dinghy, the Cape Dory 10. Later it moved to a facility in Taunton, Massachusetts, producing thousands of boats during the company's lifespan. After the dingy it introduced the popular Typhoon series of small sailboats, then cruising yachts ranging from 22 to 45 feet.
Carl Alberg designed many of the company's models, favoring simple lines, narrow beams, and often utilizing a full keel for superior handling in heavier winds and seas. Together they gave these boats the classic Cape Dory look. Alberg utilized the asupervisorstioned full keel with attached rudder for a sleek and sturdy shape.
In later years the company added pleasure powerboats and trawlers and some commercial boats to its output.
The Cape Dory 25D has been single-handed across both the Atlantic (New York to Ireland) and Pacific (California to Australia) oceans and a solo circumnavigation was completed in a Cape Dory 28.
A division was Intrepid Yachts, which built the Intrepid 28 starting in 1979, among other designs.
When Cape Dory folded in 1992 it sold a number of its designs to New York's Newport Shipyards, which ceased operations in 1996. The hull molds and designs for several models were then acquired by Robinhood Marine. Headed by Cape Dory founder Vavolotis, it makes them available today as semi-custom yachts.
Models
See also
List of sailboat designers and manufacturers
Notes
References
External links
Article on the Cape Dory 25 sailboat at sailboat.guide
Article on the Cape Dory 28 sailboat at sailboat.guide
Article on the Cape Dory 36 sailboat at sailboat.guide
Cape Dory Yachts
Balatonlelle is a resort town located in Hungary on the southern shore of Lake Balaton, about 35 km west of Siófok. It is known for its numerous tourist attractions, some of those being a 3 km long beach, an aqua park, a go-cart course, and an annual wine festival. It is reachable from Budapest by train (approximately 2.5 hours). It is a family-oriented tourist resort during the summer season. Some other attractions also include a public grass beach and bars located around the town. The wine festival is often held in the first week of August.
The settlement is part of the Balatonboglár wine region.
Between 1979 and 1991 Balatonlelle formed a single settlement together with Balatonboglár under the name Boglárlelle.
Sport
Balatonlelle SE, association football team
Gallery
Twin towns — sister cities
Balatonlelle is twinned with:
Vlăhița, Romania
Ramstein-Miesenbach, Germany
External links
Balatonlfamily-orientated
Street map
References
Populated places in Somogy County
Caudellia is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1904, honoring their colleague Andrew Nelson Caudell.
Species
Caudellia apyrella (Dyar, 1904)
Caudellia colorella (Dyar, 1914)
Caudellia declivella (Zeller, 1881)
Caudellia floridensis Neunzig, 1990
Caudellia galapagosensis Landry & Neunzig, 2006
Caudellia nigrella (Hulst, 1890)
Caudellia pilosa Neunzig, 2006
References
Phycitinae
Târgu Trotuș () is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Târgu Trotuș, Tuta (Diószeg) and Viișoara (Viszóra).
At the 2002 census, 99.9% of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians. 63.3% were Roman Catholic and 36.5% Romanian Orthodox.
Natives
Jeremiah of Wallachia
References
External links
History of Târgu Trotuș from the Târgu Trotuș Townhall
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The 1993 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was an association football match that took place on 25 July 1993 at the Estadio Azteca in Mexico City, Mexico, to determine the winner of the 1993 CONCACAF Gold Cup. This was the second final in the history of CONCACAF Gold Cup and second consecutive final for the United States after they beat Honduras in a penalty shootout in the 1991 final. They faced Mexico, who were making their first appearance in a Gold Cup Final. El Tri won the match 4–0 in front of 120,000 spectators.
As the Gold Cup champion, Mexico qualified as the CONCACAF representative in the 1995 King Fahd Cup in Saudi Arabia.
Background
Prior to the match, Mexico were favorites to win it all after Zague had scored 10 goals in every match in the competition they had played except their 1–1 draw with Costa Rica. On the contrary, the United States had won all of their games by 1 goal, and scored a golden goal against Costa Rica in the semi-finals.
Route to the final
Match
Details
References
External links
Official website
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
United States men's national soccer team matches
Mexico national football team matches
Mexico–United States soccer rivalry
Football in Mexico City
Sports competitions in Mexico City
Tlalpan
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
The Singing Cave may refer to:
Caves
The Singing Cave, located in Todd County, Kentucky
Saunghellir (The Singing Cave), located in Iceland near Húsafell
Eder-Kuillar (The Singing Caves), located in Tuva
Art and literature
The Singing Cave, alternate title for Barbary Hoard, a 1952 pulp novel by John Appleby
The Singing Cave (Beames book), a 2009 book by Margaret Beames
The Singing Cave (Dillon novel), a 1960 novel by Eilís Dillon
The Singing Cave (Leighton novel), a 1945 book by Margaret Carver Leighton
Taygete Cone is an extinct volcanic cone northeast of Alcyone Cone in the north part of The Pleiades, Victoria Land. Named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee (NZ-APC) after Taygete (Taygeta), one of the stars in the Pleiades.
References
Volcanoes of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
The Clan Henderson (Clann Eanruig) is a Scottish clan. The clan's historical seat is at Fordell Castle in Dalgety Bay, Fife. The current clan chief is Alistair Henderson of Fordell.
History
Origins
There are multiple origins for the Scottish patrynomic surname of Henderson, meaning "son of Henry" or "son of Hendry", with three being the most well-known. The Hendersons who lived in the Scottish Borders were often found in the variant of Henryson. Although these Hendersons were not a significant power in the Borders they were still classed as a riding clan. Henryson was a common name in the 14th century and beyond. Notable documented individuals include: 1373-1377, William Henryeson was chamberlain of Lochmaben Castle; John Henryson was burgess of Edinburgh c. 1387-1395; James Henryson was burned as a heretic in Perth in 1407.
There were also Hendersons who were septs of the Clan MacDonald of Glencoe and septs of the Clan Gunn in the far north of the country. There is no known connection between the Hendersons of Clan Gunn and Clan MacDonald or the Hendersons of the Scottish Borders.
16th century
The clan spread from Dumfrieshire to Liddesdale, however they do not appear in the list of border clans that were named by Parliament in 1594, when it was attempting to suppress the Border Reivers. From the Dumfrieshire family of Hendersons descended James Henderson or Henryson who became Lord Advocate in about 1494. They were later appointed to the Bench. From 1510-1512, they acquired lands in Fordell, Fife including the original tower of Fordell Castle. Fordell became the designation of the Lowland Henderson chiefs and it is from them that the present chiefs are descended. They were killed at the Battle of Flodden in 1513.
17th century and civil war
One of the most prominent of the Clan Henderson was Alexander Henderson of Fordell who was born in about 1583. They were educated at the University of St Andrews where they became a Master of Arts and a Professor of Philosophy before 1611. They later became the minister of the parish of Leuchars and was violently opposed to Charles I's attempts to reform the Church of Scotland. They were especially opposed to the new prayer book and travelled to Edinburgh where they presented a petition to the Privy Council, stating that the book had not received the sanction of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland or the Parliament. Henderson and Johnston of Warriston together drafted the National Covenant which was first sworn and subscribed in Greyfriars Kirk in Edinburgh. Henderson was unanimously elected moderator of the General Assembly in Glasgow in 1638 and was therefore at the forefront of church politics during the troubled reign of Charles I. Henderson was also responsible for drafting the Solemn League and Covenant in 1643. When the king sundered themselves to the Scottish army it was to Henderson that they sent to discuss with their disaffected subjects. Henderson met with the king but failed in their attempts to make them accede to the Church's demands. Henderson died due to ill health in August 1646 and was buried in Greyfriars churchyard, the scene of their greatest triumph and where there is a monument to him.
Meanwhile, John Henderson, 5th of Fordell fought as a staunch royalist for the king during the Scottish Civil War.
Hendersons of Glencoe
The Hendersons of Glen Coe, in the Highlands, take the English version of their name from the Gaelic MacEanruig, claiming descent from a Pictish prince, Eanruig Mor Mac Righ Neachtain, or big Henry son of King Neachtain. Neachtain (Nechtan mac Der-Ilei) is said to have reigned between 700 and 724. It is not known when the Hendersons came to Glen Coe but it is said Dougall MacHenry, the last of their chiefs in the direct line, fathered an heiress, who according to tradition had a son by their lover Aonghus Óg of Islay, and that their son was Ian (John) Fraoch. Ian Fraoch's son was Iain Abrach whose patronymic was MacIain and that became the designation of the chiefs of the MacDonalds of Glencoe. The Hendersons were the hereditary pipers and armor-bearers of the chiefs of the Clan MacDonald of Glencoe.
The Henderson Stone -- Clach Eanruig in Gaelic—is a granite boulder in a field a little south of Carnach in the Glencoe area. Historic tradition in the area includes two separate stories involving the Henderson Stone and a warning from a Campbell soldier of the impending massacre of 1692. One version of the story involves a soldier speaking a warning to the stone, in the presence of a local resident: "Great stone in the Glen, though you have every right to be there, if you knew what was to happen tonight you would not stay there on any account." The other version involves a Campbell piper playing a song at the stone, meant as a warning to the residents. Tradition has it that the local who heard the cryptic message escaped, but was unable to warn many others.
In 1692 when the Massacre of Glencoe took place, it is said that the chief's personal attendant and piper, Big Henderson of the Chanters, was among those killed.
Hendersons of Caithness
Another group of Hendersons originated in Caithness in the far north of the Scottish Highlands. In the late 15th century, a family difference led Henry Gunn, the youngest son of the Clan Gunn chief, to branch off, forming the Henderson family line in Caithness.
Chief
The Chief of Clan Henderson is Alistair Donald Henderson of Fordell, an environmental engineer specialising in air pollution control who lives in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. The Chief is recognised by Lord Lyon, King of Arms, and is a member of the Standing Council of Scottish Chiefs.
Clan Castles
Fordell Castle which is about one mile north of Inverkeithing in Fife was held by the Hendersons for over 300 years. It is not known when the original castle structure was constructed, but the main entrance tower is believed to date from the 1400s. James Henderson, 3rd of Fordell, started to extend the castle in 1566. The castle burned in 1568. During the Civil War of the seventeenth century the castle was sacked by the forces of Oliver Cromwell after the Battle of Inverkeithing in 1651, after which troops were garrisoned at the castle and mill. The castle later passed by marriage to the Duncans of Camperdown.
Otterston Tower is close to Fordell, about two miles west of Aberdour. It is an L-plan tower house although a mansion was later added and remodelled. It was held by the Hendersons in the early sixteenth century and it was they who built the tower, however it had passed to the Mowbrays of Barnbougle by 1589.
Broomhill House to the south of Edinburgh was held by the Hendersons between 1508 and 1648. However a castle followed by a mansion have since been demolished. The lands later passed to the Bairds of Newbyth and then to the Trotters of Mortonhall.
Tartan
The Henderson/MacKendrick tartan is found in modern, ancient, weathered, and muted colors, and there are also Henderson dress and dance tartans.
Septs
Septs and surname variations of the Clan Henderson include:
Gaelic variations:
MacEanrig / Eanrig
MacEnrig / Enrig
MacIanruig / Ianruig
MacIanrig / Ianrig
MacInrig / Inrig
MacCanruig / Canruig
MacCanrig / Canrig
Latin variations:
(filius) Henrici
Henrisoun / Henrisone
Anglicised variations:
(Mac) Anrig / Andrig / An(d)rigson
(Mac) Enrig / Endrig / Endrigson
(Mac) Henrig / Hendrig / Hendrigson
(Mac) Kenrig / Kendrig / Kendrigson
(Mac) Kanrig / Kandrig / Kandrigson
(Mac) Canrig / Candrig / Candrigson
(Mac) Anri(c)k / Andri(c)k / An(d)ri(c)kson
(Mac) Enri(c)k / Endri(c)k / En(d)ri(c)kson
(Mac) Henri(c)k / Hendri(c)k / Hen(d)ri(c)kson
(Mac) Kenri(c)k / Kendri(c)k / Ken(d)ri(c)kson
(Mac) Kanri(c)k / Kandri(c)k / Kan(d)ri(c)kson
(Mac) Canri(c)k / Candri(c)k / Can(d)ri(c)kson
(Mac) Anry / Andry / An(d)ryson
(Mac) Henry / Hendry / Hen(d)ryson / Hen(d)rysoun
(Mac) Kenry / Kendry / Ken(d)ryson
(Mac) Anrie / Andrie / An(d)rieson
(Mac) Henrie / Hendrie / Hen(d)rieson / Hen(d)riesoun
(Mac) Kenrie / Kendrie / Ken(d)rieson
(Mac) Anree / Andree / An(d)reeson
(Mac) Henree / Hendree / Hen(d)reeson
(Mac) Kenree / Kendree / Ken(d)reeson
End(h)erson
Henderson
Hendron
Hendren
Henders
Hendry
Henerson
The surname spelling variations arose from regional pronunciation differences, and sometimes perversely creative spelling. Some individuals used multiple surname spellings, and sometimes different surname forms. For example, a traveling Henderson might use the surname MacEanruig in the Scottish Highlands, Henderson in the Lowlands, McHenry in Ulster, and Henry in England.
See also
Henderson (surname) - for a list of famous Hendersons
Henderson - places and other things named after Hendersons
Scottish clan chief
Scottish clan
Notes and references
Further reading
Strong on Hendersons in North America, but self-published so should not be relied on too much.
External links
The Hendersons, Clan Henderson, or clann Eanruig
Electric Scotland: Henderson
Clan Henderson at the Standing Council of Scottish Chiefs
The Clan Henderson Society
Henderson
Criminal psychology, also referred to as criminological psychology, is the study of the views, thoughts, intentions, actions and reactions of criminals and suspects. It is a subfield of criminology and applied psychology.
Criminal psychologists have many roles within legal courts, including being called upon as expert witnesses and performing psychological assessments. Some types of psychiatry also deal with aspects of criminal behavior. Several definitions are used for criminal behavior, including behavior punishable by public law, behavior considered immoral, behavior violating social norms or traditions, or acts causing severe psychological harm. Criminal behavior is often considered antisocial in nature.
History
Criminal psychology started the late 18th century. There were four key aspects of the development of criminal psychology: philosophical, medical, legal and biological. Before criminal psychology, there was a conflict in criminal law between medical experts and court judges on determining how to proceed with a majority of cases which necessitated the development of a specialised field for individual investigations and assessments of suspects. It is generally accepted that criminal psychology was a predecessor to the broader field of criminology, which includes other fields such as criminal anthropology which studies more systemic aspects of crime as opposed to individual suspects and court cases.
Profiling
Criminal profiling, also known as offender profiling, is a form of criminal investigation, linking an offender's actions at the crime scene to their most likely characteristics. This is used in criminal psychology to help law enforcement investigators narrow down and prioritize a pool of suspects. Part of a sub-field of forensic psychology called investigative psychology, criminal profiling has advanced substantially in methodology and grown in popularity since its conception in the late 1800s. However, there is a substantial lack of empirical research and effectiveness evaluations validating the practice of criminal profiling.
Criminal profiling is a process now known in the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) as criminal investigative analysis. (see also: FBI method of profiling) Profilers, or criminal investigative analysts, are trained and experienced law enforcement officers who study every behavioral aspect and detail of an unsolved violent crime scene, in which a certain amount of psychopathology has been left at the scene. The characteristics of a good profiler are discussed. Five behavioral characteristics that can be gleaned from the crime scene are described:
amount of planning that went into the crime,
degree of control used by the offender,
escalation of emotion at the scene,
risk level of both the offender and victim, and
appearance of the crime scene (disorganized versus organized).
The process of interpreting the behavior observed at a crime scene is briefly discussed.
In a 2017 article by Pew research center, it was found that federal and state prisons in the United States held 475,900 inmates who were black and 436,500 who were white. Similar historical data supports the substantially higher incarceration of black people. This is in contrast with census data which has placed the percentage of black people or African American people at about 12% of the US population. Negative ethnic stereotypes contribute to this disproportionate incarceration; it has served as a justification for the unofficial policies and practices of racial profiling by criminal justice practitioners.
The cultural, environmental and traditional concepts of communities play a major role in individual psychology, providing profilers with a potential basis for behavioral patterns learned by offenders during their upbringing. They also evaluate the safety of prisons for those incarcerated, as some individuals may be predisposed to recidivism if the prisoners' mental health is not or not adequately addressed. There are many individual factors contributing to developing a criminal profile that both meets legal requirements and treats profiled individuals humanely.
Consultation
Criminal psychologists will often use their expertise of human behavior to consult with law enforcement personnel and others in the criminal justice system on various aspects of a case. they can help them ask appropriate questions during interrogation or give relevant information to help guide investigation.
Career paths
A bachelor's degree in psychology or criminal justice as well as a master's degree in a related field are needed in order to pursue a career in criminal psychology. A doctorate, either a Ph.D. or a Psy.D, typically yields higher pay and more lucrative job opportunities. In addition to degrees, a licensing exam is required by state or jurisdiction.
Criminal profilers require a master's degree or a doctorate, several years of experience and in some cases passing state examinations to become a licensed psychologist.
Criminal profilers can work in various settings including offices and courtrooms and can be employed at a number of institutions. Some include local, state, or federal government, and others can be self-employed as independent consultants. , the average amount of a criminal psychologist is $58,246 and can increase to $95,000. Several factors contribute to how much a person makes within the field, including how much time a person has worked within the field, and the city with which a person works in. Criminal psychologists who work within larger cities tend to make more than psychologists who work in lower populated cities. Those who work for hospitals or federal government tend to have a lower salary. Some of the top paying states for forensic psychologists are New Hampshire, Washington, New York, Massachusetts, and California.
Forensic psychology careers include:
Correctional counselor
Jail supervisor
Victim advocate
Jury consultant
Forensic social worker
Expert witness
Forensic psychology professor
Forensic psychology researcher
Forensic case manager
Criminal profiler
Forensic psychologist
Correctional psychologist
Comparison to forensics
The effect of psychosocial factors on brain functioning and behavior is a central part of analysis for both forensic and criminal psychologists, under the category of applied psychology. For forensic psychiatry, major areas of criminal evaluations include assessing the ability of an individual to stand trial, providing an opinion on what the mental state of the individual was at the time of offense, risk management for future offenses (recidivism), providing treatment to criminals including medication and psychotherapy, and being an expert witness. This process often involves psychological testing. Forensic psychologists have largely similar roles to forensic psychiatrists, although are typically unable to prescribe medication.
Criminal and forensic psychologists may also consider the following factors:
The current presence of mental disorders
The level of accountability or responsibility an individual has for a crime due to mental disorders
Likelihood of recidivism and involved risk factors
Epidemiology of related mental disorders under consideration
Criminal psychology is also related to legal psychology and forensic psychology and crime investigations.
The question of competency to stand trial is a question of an offender's current state of mind. This assesses the offender's ability to understand the charges against them, the possible outcomes of being convicted/acquitted of these charges and their ability to assist their attorney with their defense. The question of sanity/insanity or criminal responsibility is an assessment of the offender's state of mind at the time of the crime. This refers to their ability to understand right from wrong and what is illegal. The insanity defense is rarely used, as it is very difficult to prove. If declared insane, an offender may be committed to a secure hospital facility, potentially for much longer than they would have served in prison.
Key studies
A number of key studies of psychology especially relevant to understanding criminal psychology have been undertaken. These include:
Bobo doll experiment (Bandura, Ross & Ross 1961)
The Stanford prison experiment (Philip Zimbardo 1973)
Eyewitness study (Loftus, Palmer 1974)
Studies On Criminological Psychology (Dr. Navinta Rani 1950)
See also
Forensic psychology
Moral psychology
Criminal anthropology
Antisocial personality disorder
Psychopathy
Malignant narcissism
Sadistic personality disorder
References
David Canter (2008) Criminal Psychology London: Hodder Education
1876 establishments in Italy
Italian inventions
Criminology
Maklinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 54 as of 2002. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Maklinskaya is located 8 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Verigino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Angela Washko is an American new media artist and facilitator based in New York.  They are currently a Visiting Assistant Professor of Art at Carnegie Mellon University. Washko mobilizes communities and creates new forums for discussions of feminism where they do not exist.
Washko is the founder of the Council on Gender Sensitivity and Behavioral Awareness in World of Warcraft to bring attention to and protest the sexist language from players in the game. Washko has been creating performances inside the online video game World of Warcraft (WoW) since 2012 in which they initiate discussions about feminism within the gameplay.
Since 2015, Washko has been carrying out an ongoing project focused on noted pick-up artist Roosh V, called Banged.
Work
In 2014, Creative Time commissioned an essay from Washko on their findings as the self-founded Council on Gender Sensitivity and Behavioral Awareness in World of Warcraft.
 They are the first person to ever sell a Vine video. The video was bought by Dutch art advisor, curator and collector Myriam Vanneschi for $200 at the Moving Image Art Fair. The title, "Tits on Ikea" was an extension to a Vine selected as a runner-up in a project called "The Shortest Video Art Ever Sold," curated by Marina Galperina and Kyle Chayka, submitted to the #VeryShortFilmFest.
Them video work "Chastity" won the Terminal Award from the Center of Excellence in the Creative Arts at Austin Peay State University. They were the 2013 to 2014 Recipient of the Franklin Furnace Fund Grant for their World of Warcraft performances. In 2020, they were awarded the Creative Capital Award.
In 2018, they exhibited their new work "The Game: The Game" at the Museum of the Moving Image. The Game: The Game takes the form of a dating simulator, pitting you against six men who are aggressively vying for your attention at a bar. "The Game: The Game" additionally won the 2018 Impact Award at Indiecade.
In 2021, Angela Washko's first feature-length documentary film about Mrs. Kasha Davis and the Rochester drag community, Workhorse Queen, premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival.
Art Practice
Washko's interdisciplinary practice of performance, video, and installation investigates public opinion regarding proper etiquette, appropriate lifestyle choices, limited gender designations. They work in mostly online public spaces of contemporary American culture in order to reach a larger audience with a feminist discourse. Them work has been exhibited by the Museum of the Moving Image (London) in the National #Selfie Portrait Gallery, Biennial of the Americas in The World is !Flat, Denver Digerati in Denver, Colorado, Transfer Gallery in Brooklyn, New York, and Super Art Moderne Museum: Spamm.
They were a contributing writer for Animal NY.
Curatorial and Related Activities
Washko has organized exhibitions and programs at the University of California, San Diego, New York University, Flux Factory, and Temple University's Tyler School of Art. They curate and compiles A Feminist Art Movement Online, an archive of artists, writers, curators, and cultural producers with various practices addressing issues regarding gendered experiences. These practitioners primarily make and/or distribute their work online and contribute to a shift in making the internet a more inclusive space for women and their cultural work. They were the Department Events Coordinator of Visual Arts at the University of California, San Diego until 2015. They have written for dpi Magazine. In 2013 they hosted the podcast "A cup" with new media artist Ann Hirsch, made possible by the Radiohive collective in which they interviewed guests such as Nate Hill, Carla Gannis, Chris Gethard, and Genevieve Belleveau. In 2017, they curated the exhibition "Hacking/Modding/Remixing as Feminist Protest" at the Miller Gallery at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, PA.
Education
Washko graduated in 2009 from Tyler School of Art of Temple University with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Painting/Drawing/Sculpture. They studied at the Post Graduate Apprentice Program at The Fabric Workshop and Museum in 2009. They graduated in 2015 with a Master of Fine Arts in Visual Art from the University of California, San Diego.
Exhibitions
2015
Free Will Mode (#1, #3, #4), Memory Burn, July 10 - August 16, 2016, Bitforms Gallery (New York, NY).
2016
Free Will Mode (Series) (2013-2014), XXI Triennale International Exhibition: 21st Century Design After Design, Game Video/Art: a Survey, Contemporary Hall Gallery, IULM University (Milan, Italy). Curated by Matteo Bittanti e Vincenzo Trione.
The council on gender sensitivity and behavioral awareness in World of Warcraft, The 3rd Shenzhen Independent Animation Biennale, Dec 2nd, 2016 - March 2, 2017, C2 Space, OCT-LOFT, Nanshan District (Shenzhen, China).
Performing in Public (Four Years of Ephemeral Actions in World of Warcraft), Gallery@CALIT2 (San Diego, CA)
The Game: The Game, Transfer Gallery (New York, NY).
2017
Survival Rates In Captivity (Free Will Mode #5) (2017), Blinding Pleasures, February 10 - March 18, arebyte Gallery, (London, UK). Curated by Filippo Lorenzin.
See also
Feminist Art
New media art
Video Art
Performance Art
References
External links
The Game: The Game - Webpage for Washko's project "The Game: The Game"
Gender Sensitivity and World of Warcraft – Documentation of Washko's WoW Performances
1986 births
Living people
Artists from Pennsylvania
New media artists
Feminist artists
University of California, San Diego alumni
Temple University Tyler School of Art alumni
Isle of Man Airport Security, formerly known in the early nineties as Airport Police, was a small security force responsible for security at the Isle of Man Airport in Ronaldsway, Isle of Man. In April 2019 it was announced that the role of the airport security was being placed under review and that subsequently the role of providing security at Ronaldsway Airport could be undertaken by a private contractor. Consequently the Isle of Man Airport Security were disbanded at the end of September 2019.
Organisation
The Isle of Man Airport security was staffed by thirteen sworn and warranted constables, supervised by managers who were also warranted constables (see below). Having completed aviation security training they were sworn-in by an Isle of Man Commissioner of Oaths as aviation security officers and received warrant cards as sworn constables, assuming the title of Aviation Security Officer.
They held the same authority and powers as a regular police officer whilst on (or near to) airport property. They were also authorised to act on behalf of the Coroner at the Airport when required.
Cover was provided 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, whether the airport was open or closed. Aviation Security Officers were fully integrated into the airport's staff structure, so that (unusually) the airport security had no management grades with sworn constables carrying out the duties of their office on the ground, but reporting to managers who shared their security powers. The managers of airport security officers were the Airport Duty Officers, and their supervisor was the Airport Director. Current Airport Director Ann Reynolds stated at the time of their appointment that the officers "provide first class security for this major point of entry to our Island".
Headquarters
The Headquarters of the Isle of Man Airport Security was the Aviation Security Section Building on the Ronaldsway airport estate. From here officers would patrol the "airport estate and adjacent areas".
Qualifications and duties
The stated qualifications required of an officer were:
possession of a warrant as a Constable
physical fitness
literacy and numeracy
possession of a category B driving licence
good interpersonal skills
Duties were categorised in five groups:
control and guard duties (controlling access, crowds, and vehicles)
patrol duties by foot or vehicle (patrolling terminals, operational buildings, car parks, airfield, and boundaries)
custodian duties (issuing of keys and identity cards, and management of lost property)
escort and protection duties (in respect of VIP passengers, high-value cargoes, and government vehicles)
general duties (including emergency incident procedures, radio operation, crime prevention & detection, exercising powers of arrest, liaising with other emergency services)
Unfair dismissal and bullying
In 2009, an aviation security officer who had been a sworn constable in the Isle of Man Airport Security formerly known as Airport Police for 17 years was unfairly dismissed.His appeal to a tribunal for unfair dismissal was subsequently unanimously upheld, on the basis that the investigation was found to be "incomplete" and "unbalanced". An order to reinstate or compensate was ruled. The tribunal also highlighted long-standing unrepaired door defects affecting security at the airport.
Evidence from some aviation security officers, supported by a "collective grievance" letter from six staff members, alleged a pattern of disruptive and bullying behaviour on the part of a named Airport Duty Officer, Paul Smith (ADO). A constable gave evidence that in their opinion officers were being deliberately victimised and targeted because they had stood up to bullying by the named ADO.
See also
Isle of Man Constabulary
References
Law enforcement in the Isle of Man
Police forces of the Crown Dependencies
Airport law enforcement agencies
Emergency services in the Isle of Man
Ludwig V may refer to:
Louis V, Duke of Bavaria (1315–1361)
Louis V, Elector Palatine (1478–1544)
Louis V, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt from 1596 to 1626
Franz Josef Andrysek (8 February 1906 – 9 February 1981) was an Austrian weightlifter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
They were born and died in Vienna. In 1924 they finished 18th in the featherweight class. Four years later at the 1928 Games they won the gold medal in the featherweight class.
References
External links
1906 births
1981 deaths
Austrian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Austria
Olympic gold medalists for Austria
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Weightlifters at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
World record setters in weightlifting
Sportspeople from Vienna
Aabeni was an ancient Egyptian official with the title high flight attendant. They were one of the most important officials at the royal court in the early Thirteenth Dynasty.
Attestations
Aabeni is known from a number of monuments.
Papyrus Boulaq 18
Their most important attestation is in the Papyrus Boulaq 18. This papyrus is an account of the Theban palace dating to the Thirteenth Dynasty where they appear in several lists of officials. The exact dating of Papyrus Boulaq 18 is dispute in Egyptology, A queen Aya is metioned there. therefore it remains open under which king Aabni served, but in the papyrus also appears the vizier Ankhu.
Abydos
At Abydos, Aabeni is also known from a weight found and a stela.
See other contemporaries
Ankhu (vizier)
Aya (queen)
References
Officials of the Thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt
Ancient Egyptian high flight attendants
St. Vincent is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within the County of St. Paul No. 19. It is located south of Highway 28, approximately southwest of Cold Lake.
St. Vincent is the subject of a lengthy profile on the Alberta Online Encyclopedia, as a case study of a Franco-Albertan settlement.
Demographics
St. Vincent recorded a population of 43 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
County of St. Paul No. 19
The economy of Vatican City is supported financially by the sale of stamps, coins, medals, and tourist mementos as well as fees for admission to museums and publication sales. The Vatican City state employed 4,822 people in 2016.
The Vatican City issues its own coins and stamps. It has used the euro as its currency since 1 January 1999, owing to a special agreement with the European Union (council decision 1999/98). Euro coins and notes were introduced on 1 January 2002—the Vatican does not issue euro banknotes. Issuance of euro-denominated coins is strictly limited by treaty, though somewhat more than usual is allowed in a year in which there is a change in the papacy. Because of their rarity, Vatican euro coins are highly sought by collectors.
Key statistics
Budget
revenues: $315 million (2013)
expenditures: $348 million (2013)
Industries
Printing and production of a small amount of mosaics and staff uniforms; worldwide banking and financial activities.
Electricity – production
442 MWh (2010) from solar panels.
Electricity – imports
Electricity supplied by Italy.
Currency
Euro (since 2002). Vatican City depends on Italy for practical production of banknotes, stamps and other valuable titles. Owing to their rarity, Vatican euro coins are sought by collectors.
The fiscal year is the calendar year.
See also
Secretariat for the Economy
Index of Vatican City-related articles
Notes
References
Vatican City
Richard Grady (born 28 April 1955) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.
References
1955 births
Living people
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Taylor Nunataks () are two isolated nunataks, 650 m and 660 m, joined by a narrow ridge, lying southeast of Mount Quilmes in the eastern half of Joinville Island. Surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1953. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Robert J.F. Taylor of FIDS, dog-physiologist at Hope Bay in 1954 and 1955, who accompanied the FIDS survey party to Joinville Island in 1953–54.
Nunataks of Graham Land
Landforms of the Joinville Island group
Jushaq (, also Romanized as Jūshaq) is a village in Jushaq Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 167, in 51 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Ricky Young (born 1960) is an American former professional super lightweight boxer from New York City, who had 21 fights with 6 KO's and 17 wins.
Early life
Born in July 1960 in Savannah, Georgia, U.S., Ricky Young spent most of their early life in a housing project in Harlem. After graduating from high school, Young lived with their parents and two younger sisters while working as a carpenter's assistant. Young's father worked as a bookkeeper and their mother worked as a trimmer in a clothing factory.
Career
Young started their career after deciding to start going to the gym to get in shape. Young quickly started to discover their talent for boxing and began to nurture it. Ricky Young says they were influenced by the success of Sugar Ray Robinson and Muhammad Ali, and used this inspiration to fuel their discipline to train on a daily basis.
Ricky's trainer was Bobby McQuillar, an American former professional lightweight boxer, who had 44 fights with 17 KO's and 38 wins. McQuillar is known for beating three men who went on to hold world titiles, Joe Brown, Jimmy Carter and Sandy Saddler. McQuillar trained Young at Gleason's Gymnasium on West 30th Street and 8th Avenue.
Some of Young's notable fights included a 1986 fight against Buddy McGirt at Madison Square Garden with Mike Tyson on undercard. Young also retired Leroy Haley in 1985 at the Madison Square Garden Felt Forum where Mike Tyson was undercard and co-featured by Iran Barkley. Young also fought Angel Cruz in 1985 at the Madison Square Garden Felt Forum for USA NYS Super Lightweight Title with Iran Barkley on undercard.
After their boxing career, Ricky went on to run the boxing program at Columbia University from 1996 - 2007.
Professional boxing record
References
1960 births
Living people
Light-welterweight boxers
American male boxers
Boxers from New York (state)
People from Harlem
Columbia University faculty
Esanai is a village 50 miles (31 km) northeast of Trichy, in far southern India, coming under the Perambalur taluk in Perambalur district of Tamil Nadu state. It is known mainly for its temple to Ayyappan, which is visited by thousands of people from India and abroad. The main economy of the village has been in farming sugarcane and rice. The village has been among the poorest in the state, and development has been slow to make progress, although modern goods such as cellphones, televisions and motorbikes have become common.
Transport links
The main way to reach this place has been via Trichy (Tiruchirappalli). However, from either Trichy or Lalgudi, buses towards Tirumanur or Thiruvayaru have stopped at Alandur-Mettur. Alternatively, buses have travelled to Pullambadi, from where local buses then went to Aalambadi Mettur, about four kilometers (3 miles) from Esanai.
Trains from Chennai have stopped at Dalmiapuram or Tiruvaiyaru, from where taxis can be taken to Esanai. Trains from Trichy have stopped at Lalgudi, from where taxis or local buses have been available to Esanai.
Sri HariHara Puthra Swamy Temple
This temple of Lord Ayyappan is very famous, and their deity is called "Sri Harihara Puthra Swamy" by the populace. Also, there is a Lord Kamatchi Amman deity in this temple. People visit this holy people to pay their rituals and give offerings. The following festivals and functions are being celebrated with gaiety and grandeur with Vedic importance.
1. Chithra Poornima and Laksha Archana: This is done during the full moon day in the month of "Chithirai". The celebration will start with Ganapathy homam, Vigneswara pooja with the chanting of Ekadasa Rudhra Japam. The figure will be adorned with new vastrams and Pushpa Alankaram besides Pushpa Koodaram in the main mandapam. Eka dina Laksha Archana is being done during this celebration.
2. Dhanur masa - Tirupakshi Pooja: This is done during the month of "Margazhi" (15 December – 15 January) of every year. Abishekam, Archana and Aradhana is typically performed on all these days.
3. Makara Sankaranthi: On this auspious day, the deity is being offered with sweet pongal along with the Abishekam, Archana and Aradhana. Thiruvilakku Alankaram in the temple is typically done on that evening.
Gallery
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20070821235527/http://tnmaps.tn.nic.in/vill.php?dcode=17&centcode=0003&tlkname=Sendurai
Cities and towns in Perambalur district
Hindu temples in Perambalur district
Stratford Eyre (fl. 1731–1755) was an Anglo-Irish soldier and governor of Galway.
Background and origin
Eyre was a descendant of John Eyre, who had settled in County Galway in the 1650s and established a dynasty under the Protestant Ascendancy. Stratford was the son of Samuel Eyre (Governor of Galway in 1715) and Anne née Stratford.
They were appointed High Sheriff of County Galway for 1731. They served as a Colonel at Battle of Culloden in 1746.
Governor of Galway
They were appointed Governor of the town in 1747. Froude described the then state of the town:
They found themselves set to defend a town of which the walls had not been repaired for a quarter of a century; the castle in ruins; the very name of military authority forgotten. By law no Catholics ought to have been in Galway at all. There were thirty Catholics there to one Protestant, and the Protestant was becoming Protestant but in name. There were 180 ecclesiastics, Jesuits friars, and seculars. Robert Martin, owner of half Connemara, resided within the liberties, and was making a fortune by smuggling there. They were described by Eyre as 'able to bring to the town of Galway in twenty four hours 800 villains as desperate and as absolutely at their devotion as Cameron of Lochiel'. The Mayor and Corporation, the fee-simple of whose property did not amount to 1000 received the tolls and customs duties. By their charter they were bound in return to maintain the fortifications. Being what they were, they preferred to divide the town revenue amongst themselves. The mayor, an O'Hara, was the son of Lord Tyrawley's footman; the sheriff was a beggar; of the aldermen one was a poor shoemaker, the other a broken dragoon.
Eyre re-established discipline in the garrison, closed the gaps in the town walls and ordered the gate closed at sunset. Unused to such high-handedness, the Corporation sent a furious letter of complaint to Government, signed by the members a majority of the citizens. In response to this, Governor Eyre sent for the members and said to them:
Gentlemen since you are here in your corporate capacity, I must recommend you to disperse these restless Popish ecclesiastics. Let me not meet them in every corner of the streets when I walk as I have done. No sham searches, Mr. Sheriff, as to my knowledge you lately made. Your birds were flown, but they left you cakes and wine to entertain yourselves withal. I shall send you, Mr. Mayor a list of some insolent unregistered priests, who absolutely refused me to quarter my soldiers, and to my surprise you have billeted none on them. These and James Fitzgerald, who is also an unregistered priest, and had the insolence to solicit votes for their brother upon a prospect of a vacancy in Parliament, I expect you'll please to tender the oaths to, and proceed against on the Galway and Limerick Act. Let us unite together in keeping those turbulent disqualified townsmen in a due subjection. Lastly, gentlemen, I put you in mind of the condition on which tolls and customs are granted to you. Repair the breaches in these walls and repair your streets.
Opposition
Eyre's policy was supported by the government, but opposed by the Corporation of Galway, the Prime Sergeant, the Protestant Bishop of Elphin, and Francis II de Bermingham, Lord Athenry. They were threatened with assassination as would appear from the following anonymous letter which they enclosed with their correspondence to Secretary Wayte, 11 December 1747:-
Sir, as I had not the pleasure of seeing you since you came to your government of Galway, I hope soon to see you in the Elysian fields, as I am just going off the stage. And I am sure, if you don't leave that town, you'll lose your life before the 10th of next month. 'Tis all your own fault, for you could not bear the employment which you got, not for your bravery, but for the slaughter you committed on poor people after Culloden fight. You'll be served as Lord Lovat's agent was. God be merciful to your soul.
Much of the dissent centred on Robert Martin of Dangan, the leader of the Connacht Jacobites and a leading Freemason. Thady Brennan, Martin's servant, walked past the sentinel at the bridge carrying a gun and pistol, apparently for repair. The boy being a Catholic was disarmed, but Eyre returned the weapons to Martin with a message that if they were sending arms into the town they had better in future send them by persons qualified to carry such things.
On Martin refusing to receive back their property, Eyre confiscated the weapons. The assizes coming on Martin served a summons on Eyre to appear before the judges and answer to a charge of larceny. Enclosing the following document to Secretary Wayte, Eyre wrote, "If the law was to be thus openly insulted, government would become impossible and neither the Property Act nor any other act, could be enforced in any part of Ireland."
Eyre travelled to London on business, where they were followed and struck by Robert Martin. The two engaged in a lengthy sword-duel, with Martin emerging the winner. The two would remain antagonists, as Martin continued to recruit for Jacobite regiments in France, and is believed to have harboured Bonnie Prince Charlie on an incognito visit to Ireland in 1753.
Froude described Eyre as "a man full of violent personal and religious animosities, intolerant of opposition, and much more fit of the command of a regiment than for the difficult task of governing a Catholic town." Their descendants continued to live in the county into the late 19th century.
Note
Robert Martin of Dangan was the father of Colonel Richard Martin (1754–1834), Irish M.P. and animal rights activist, grandfather of Thomas Barnwall Martin M.P. (1784–1847), and great-grandfather of the novelist, Mary Letitia Martin, (1815–1850).
References
The English in Ireland in the Eighteenth Century, James Anthony Froude, 1874.
Signpost to Eyrecourt: Portrait of the Eyre Family, Ida Gantz, 1975.
The Martin – Eyre Feud, Adrian James Martyn, Galway Advertiser, 27 July–3 August 2000
Remembering Eyrecourt: Vignettes and Tales of Earlier Days, ed. John Joseph O'Meara, Michael Clarke, and Edin Brennan, 2003.
External references
http://places.galwaylibrary.ie/history/chapter56.html
People from County Galway
High Sheriffs of County Galway
The red-banded fruiteater (Pipreola whitelyi) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae. Its known range is restricted to the humid highland forests of the tepuis in the southeast of Venezuela and western Guyana. While likely present, it remains unconfirmed in adjacent parts of northern Brazil. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Uniquely among the fruiteaters, the underparts of the male are primarily grey. As suggested by its common name, the male also has a conspicuous red pectoral collar.
Description
The red-banded fruiteater grows to a length of about . The adult male has greyish-green upper parts with a distinctive long golden stripe that runs above the eye and round the ear-coverts. The chin and belly are grey and there is a broad, orange-red chest collar, and yellowish-ochre under-tail coverts. The female has similar head markings, a yellowish patch at the side of the neck, and moss-green upper parts. There is no chest collar and the underparts are greyish-white, boldly streaked with black. The beak and legs are pinkish-grey; the male has an orange iris and the female's is ochre. The song, a high-pitched hissing trill lasting for several seconds, is seldom uttered.
Distribution and habitat
The red-banded fruiteater is found in the tropical forests of Guyana and Venezuela. Its altitudinal range is from above sea level.
Ecology
This bird feeds on fruit in the tree canopy, sometimes visiting forest verges (at which times it is easier to observe), but more often remaining elusive in the woodland interior. It is a lethargic bird usually seen singly or in pairs, but sometimes forming part of mixed flocks of fruiteaters. The fruits on which it feeds are mainly consumed while hovering briefly, but sometimes the bird perches while feeding.
Status
Although the population size of the red-banded fruiteater is unknown, it is believed to be stable and the bird does not face any particular threats. Its range is large but it is generally described as being uncommon. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern", believing that it does not qualify on the range size or total population criteria for inclusion in a more threatened category.
References
External links
Red-banded Fruiteater videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Photo-High Res; Article tropicalbirding
Photo; Article fieldguides
red-banded fruiteater
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
red-banded fruiteater
Taxa named by Frederick DuCane Godman
Taxa named by Osbert Salvin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Tepuis
Lackabaun () is a townland north of Castleisland in the parish of Castleisland, County Kerry, in the southwest of Ireland. It covers acres of hilly upland. There is a national school.
References
Townlands of County Kerry
The Boy Next Door is a novel written by Meg Cabot. The book was published in 2002. It is written with an e-mail format throughout the book.
Plot
The main character in this novel is Melissa Fuller, but "You can call me Mel", as they say. Mel is a gossip columnist for the New York Journal and has just broken up with their longtime boyfriend, Aaron Spender. Them best friend, Nadine Wilcock, a food critic, is marrying their boyfriend, Tony Salerno, who is a chef at the popular restaurant Fresche. Melissa also has many coworkers, including Dolly Vargas, an outlandish Style Editor who has their eyes on quite a few men.
The book starts with Melissa being late to work after finding their neighbour, Mrs. Helen Friedlander, facedown on the carpet of their apartment after a brutal attack. Mel gets them to the hospital but has yet to solve the problem of walking Paco, Mrs. Friedlander's Great Dane. They call upon Mrs. Friedlander's nephew, Max Friedlander, to come and take care of Paco and the two cats Tweedledum and Mr. Peepers. Max, who is on vacation with the supermodel Vivica, calls upon their millionaire friend John Trent, who is a crime reporter for the New York Chronicle, the Journals top competitor. John impersonates Max and moves into Max's Aunt Helen's apartment.
John and Melissa get off to a good start after sharing mutual affections for not only each other, but other things as well. They go on a date but are stopped by Tweedledum's hospitalization. Afterwards, John kisses Mel over Chinese food, and gets mixed reactions from them as they jump off to their apartment.
John is troubled over whether they should sleep with Mel. They ask for advice from their family, including their grandmother, Genevieve Randolph Trent, their rich brother Jason Trent, and their sister-in-law, Stacy Trent. They each feel that they should go for it. They do, in fact, take Mel out for dinner and afterward, they have sex. They express their love for each other.
When John is accidentally exposed for who they really are, Mel considers moving back to Lansing, Illinois. However an email from John's sister in law proves how much they truly love them and they are at last forgiven. However, no one knows who attacked Mrs. Freidlander. However, with a little wit, John and Mel solve the case, leading it back to their nephew, Max. The novel ends with a cliffhanger of John saying they need to ask Mel a question. They say that whatever it is, the answer is yes.
Characters
MainMelissa Fuller a gossip columnist who lives in Manhattan (melissa.fuller@thenyjournal.com)John Trent a millionaire Park Avenue Trent who lives in Brooklyn off their salary as a crime reporter (john.trent@thenychronicle.com, also jerrylives@freemail.com)
New York Journal and FriendsNadine Wilcock the food critic and Melissa's best friend (nadine.wilcock@thenyjournal.com)Tony Salerno Nadine's fiancée and chef at Fresche (foodie@fresche.com)George Sanchez managing editor (george.sanchez@thenyjournal.com)Peter Hargrave editor-in-chief (peter.hargrave@thenyjournal.com)Dolly Vargas style editor (dolly.vargas@thenyjournal.com)Aaron Spender chief correspondent and Mel's former boyfriend (aaron.spender@thenyjournal.com)Amy Jenkins human resources administrator (amy.jenkins@thenyjournal.com)Timothy Grabowski gay IT guy (timothy.grabowski@thenyjournal.com)
-Several other reporters
New York Chronicle and friendsMichael Everett editor-in-chief (michael.everett@thenychronicle.com)Sergent Paul Reese NYPD man and correspondent to John (preese@eightyninthprecint.nyc.org)
John's FamilyGenevieve Randolph Trent grandmother (grtrent@thentcapitol.com)Jason Trent brother (jason.trent@trentcapitol.com)Stacy Trent sister-in-law (Ih8barney@freemail.com)Brittany and Haley Trent nieces (weluvbarney@freemail.com)John Trent Jr. nephew
Max's EntourageMax Friedlander photographer and Helen's nephew (photoguy@stopthepresses.com)Vivica supermodel and Max's ex-girlfriend (vivica@sophisticate.com)Helen Friedlander Max's aunt and victimLenore Flemming Vivica's assistant (lenore@sophisticate.com)Sebastian Leandro Max's agent (sleandro@hotphotos.com)
Mel's FamilyDon and Beverly Fuller parents (donbev@dnr.com)
AnimalsPaco the great daneMr. Peepers Siamese catTweedledum' diabetic Siamese cat
References
2002 American novels
Novels by Meg Cabot
Epistolary novels
The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Piacenza in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.
Prior to 18th century
218 BCE - Placentia becomes a Roman colony.
205 BCE - Placentia besieged by Carthaginian forces of Hasdrubal.
200 BCE - Town sacked by Gaulish forces.
187 BCE - Via Aemilia (Ariminum-Placentia road) built.
271 CE - The Marcomanni defeat the Aurehan outside the city walls.
375 CE - Basilica of Sant'Antonino built.
450 CE - Roman Catholic Diocese of Piacenza established (approximate date).
546 - "Totila reduced Piacenza by famine."
903 - San Savino church construction begins.
988 - Piacenza becomes an archbishopric.
997 - Piacenza demoted to a bishopric; Emperor Otto III removes the city from the county of Piacenza and gives it to the bishop.
1005 - Bishop Siegfried moves San Savino outside the walls and rebuilds it.
1107 - San Savino rebuilt in a Romanesque style.
1095 - Council of Piacenza a mixed synod of ecclesiastics and laypeople.
1122 - Piacenza Cathedral construction begins.
1167 - Piacenza joins the Lombard League.
1183 - Meeting of Lombard League held in Piacenza regarding the Peace of Constance.
1226 - Piacenza joins renewed Lombard League.
1229 - Piacenza participates in War of the Keys on the side of the pope and the Battle of San Cesario on the side of Bologna.
1233 - Piacenza Cathedral construction completed.
1235 - Guelph Annals of Piacenza finished.
1254 - in power.
1278 - San Francesco church construction begins.
1281 - Palazzo Comunale built.
1334 - Sant'Anna church built.
1400 - Public clock installed (approximate date).
1447 - Piacenza taken by forces of Francesco I Sforza.
1471 - Hospital built.
1475 - Printing press in operation.
1499 - San Sisto church construction begins.
1512 - Piacenza "occupied by the papal forces."
1545 - Duchy of Parma and Piacenza created under Pier Luigi Farnese, Duke of Parma.
1558 - Palazzo Farnese construction begins.
1620 - Statue of Ranuccio I Farnese erected in the Piazza dei Cavalli.
1625 - Statue of Alexander Farnese erected in the Piazza dei Cavalli.
18th-19th centuries
1738 - Austrians in power per Treaty of Vienna (1738).
1746 - 16 June: Austrian-Sardinian and Franco-Spanish conflict fought near city.
1748 - Spaniards in power.
1796 - Piacenza occupied by French forces.
1801 - Piacenza becomes part of the Kingdom of Piedmont per Treaty of Lunéville.
1804 - (theatre) opens.
1811 - Biblioteca Comunale Passerini-Landi (library) established.
1821
Political unrest.
(cemetery) established.
1831 - Political unrest.
1848 - 10 May: "Piacenza was the first Italian city to vote for union with Piedmont" during the Revolution of 1848.
1859
Piacenza–Bologna railway begins operating; Piacenza railway station opens.
Piacenza becomes part of the Kingdom of Piedmont.
(provincial district) established.
1860 - Alessandria–Piacenza railway begins operating.
1861 - Population: 40,582.(it)
1867 - Progresso newspaper begins publication.
1883 - Libertà newspaper begins publication.
20th century
1902 - begins operating.
1903 - Museo Civico (museum) founded.
1911 - Population: 38,542.
1919 - Piacenza Football Club formed.
1920 - (stadium) opens.
1932 - (railway) begins operating.
1933 - Piacenza–Cremona railway begins operating.
1936 - Population: 64,210.(it)
1961 - Population: 88,541.(it)
1969 - Stadio Leonardo Garilli (stadium) opens.
1981 - Population: 109,039.(it)
1994 - Local election held; (center-left) becomes Mayor.  They are the first Mayor elected by direct vote in the history of Piacenza.
1995 - Local election held; (center-left) is elected President of the Province of Piacenza.  They are the first President elected by direct vote in the history of Piacenza.
1998 - Local election held; the lawyer (center-right) becomes Mayor.  They are the first Mayor of the center-right coalition elected by direct vote in the history of Piacenza. The incumbent Mayor Giacomo Vaciago is the first Mayor to not run for a second final term.
1999 - Local election held; (center-left) is elected re-President of the Province of Piacenza.
21st century
2000 - La Cronaca newspaper begins publication.
2002 - Local election held; (center-left) becomes Mayor. The incumbent Mayor Gianguido Guidotti is the first Mayor to lose a run-off in the direct vote.
2004 - Local election held; Gian Luigi Boiardi (center-left) is elected President of the Province of Piacenza.
2007 - Local election held; Roberto Reggi (center-left) is re-elected Mayor.  They are the first incumbent Mayor re-elected by direct vote.
2008 - Museo civico di storia naturale di Piacenza (museum) opens in the Fabbrica del Ghiaccio.
2009 - Local election held; is elected President of the Province of Piacenza.  They are the first President of the center-right elected by direct vote in the history of Piacenza. The incumbent Mayor Gianluigi Boiardi is the first President to lost at the first round in the direct vote.
2012 - Local election held; Paolo Dosi (center-left) becomes Mayor.
2013
Piacenza–Cremona railway closed.
Population: 100,843.
2017 - Local election held; the lawyer Patrizia Barbieri (center-right) becomes Mayor.  They are the first female Mayor elected by direct vote in the history of Piacenza. The incumbent Mayor Paolo Dosi is the second Mayor to not run for a second final term.
See also
Piacenza history
List of mayors of Piacenza
List of counts of Piacenza, 8th-11th centuries
List of bishops of Piacenza
(state archives)
Timelines of other cities in the macroregion of Northeast Italy:(it)
Emilia-Romagna region: Timeline of Bologna; Ferrara; Forlì; Modena; Parma; Ravenna; Reggio Emilia; Rimini
Friuli-Venezia Giulia region: Timeline of Trieste
Trentino-South Tyrol region: Timeline of Trento
Veneto region: Timeline of Padua; Treviso; Venice; Verona; Vicenza
References
This article incorporates information from the Italian Wikipedia.
Bibliography
in English
in Italian
1757-1766 (12 volumes)
v.11
(bibliography)
circa 1980-2002 (6 volumes)
External links
Items related to Piacenza, various dates (via Europeana)
Items related to Piacenza, various dates (via Digital Public Library of America)
Piacenza
Piacenza
piacenza
The egg and wine diet is a fad diet that was popularized in 1964 and revived in 2018 on social media platforms.
The egg and wine diet was first popularized in Helen Gurley Brown's book Sex and the Single Girl: The Unmarried Woman's Guide to Men in 1962 and was published in the Vogue magazine in 1977. The diet advocated the consumption of 3-5 eggs per day plus a bottle of wine. For breakfast one egg and a glass of wine are taken, for lunch two eggs and another glass and for dinner a steak and the rest of the bottle of wine.
The diet was revived in 2018 on social media platforms and became a meme. Medical experts have warned against the diet as it is nutritionally unbalanced, unsustainable and in the long run will do more harm than good. The high-alcohol content of the diet has been described as dangerous and a threat to the liver.
References
Eggs (food)
Fad diets
Filip Jers (born November 7, 1986 in south of Sweden) is a Swedish harmonica player and composer.
Filip Jers gained recognition after winning the World Harmonica Festival in Trossingen (2005).
They received the 2003 Musik Direkt jazzprize, 2003 Åmåls Junior Blues Prize, 2004 Danish Munspelsmästerskapen 1st prize, 2004 Musik Direkt Jeunesses Musicales International International prize, 2004 Höörs Community Cultureprize, 2005 World Harmonica Championships 1:a prize, 2006 Sundsgården Musicianscholarship, 2006 Lions Musicscholarship Höör, 2009 Royal College of Music Studentgrant, 2010 SWEJS Göteborg Jazz Scholarship, 2010 Harry Arnolds Jazz Standy-By Prize, 2010 Kungliga Musikaliska Akademien Jazzgrant and receiving the Alice Babs Jazz scholarship in 2012.
Filip Jers was the first harmonica student to be accepted and receive a diploma in harmonica by the Royal College of Music in Stockholm. They plays often as a guest soloist but also as a permanent member in Stockholm Lisboa Project, Primus Motor and Filip Jers Quartet.
Discography
Diagonal, 2009 with Stockholm Lisboa Project
Åka med, 2012 with Primus Motor
Spiro, 2011, Solo CD
External links
Official home page
References
Living people
Swedish harmonica players
1986 births
Mohammed Abdul-Majid Reda (; born 1 July 1938) is an Iraqi retired footballer who played as a forward. They represented Iraq between 1962 and 1965, earning three caps and appearing at the 1964 Arab Nations Cup.
References
1938 births
Living people
Iraqi footballers
Association football forwards
Iraq international footballers
The Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 16 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held at 11:56.
Final
The final was held at 19:18.
References
Women's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay
2016 in women's swimming
Miles Platting is an inner city part of Manchester, England, northeast of Manchester city centre along the
Rochdale Canal and A62 road, bounded by Monsall to the north, Collyhurst to the west, Newton Heath to the east, and Bradford, Holt Town and Ancoats to the south.
Historically part of the township of Newton Heath, Lancashire, Miles Platting expanded into a factory district as a result of the Industrial Revolution. That industrial growth resulted in a population that became very large for the size of the district, resulting in densely packed terraced housing that had degenerated into slums by 1950. As a result of this, crime rose and the area became an economically deprived part of the city.
Miles Platting has undergone extensive redevelopment and regeneration, with former slum terraces removed to make way for council housing.
History
Miles Platting first appeared on a map in 1790
at the point where Oldham Road crossed Newton Brook
and a track led to Collyhurst Hall. The track became Collyhurst Street and the track on the opposite side of Oldham Road became Varley Street.
The name is derived from platting, a local word, meaning a small bridge across a stream. The Court leet records of the manor of Manchester dated 13 October 1742 record "Mr Henry Booth for suffering their Platting leading from Tib Lane into the Long Pitfield to lye broken in such manner that severall persons have fall'n and been ill brused". The footnote says "Platting, a local word, meaning a small bridge across a stream".
This platting was a mile from Manchester (measured from New Cross at the bottom of Oldham Road). Hence Miles Platting.
Miles Platting had many mills towards the end of 19th century: Holland Mill, Victoria Mill and Ducie Mill were among the largest. By the 1870s a chemical works, timber yard, gas works and a tannery were also operating in the area alongside the many mills. This volume of industry in such a relatively small area inevitably led to the construction of densely packed back-to-back housing to provide homes for the necessary workforce. By the middle of the 20th century, with the decline in manufacturing industry and the closure of its local industries, Miles Platting had become a slum area inhabited by a deprived community. Today, Miles Platting contains just under 2,000 housing units, many of them managed by Adactus Housing Association on behalf of Manchester City Council, including 12 multi-storey blocks.
The area, once recognised as being amongst the most deprived in the UK, has benefited from the substantial urban regeneration scheme for east Manchester initiated in the late 1990s.
Miles Platting railway station lay at the junction of the lines from Manchester Victoria to Oldham and Stalybridge, but this closed in 1995, and the station was subsequently demolished. The railway line, which remains open for passenger traffic, separates Miles Platting from Collyhurst and Monsall.
Between 1839 and 1844, the area was also the location of Oldham Road railway station, the original terminus for the Manchester and Leeds Railway until the line was extended to Manchester Victoria station in the latter year. The station was then converted to become a major railway goods depot by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, remaining in use until the 1960s.
Governance
Miles Platting was incorporated into the City of Manchester in 1838.
Geography
Landmarks
A prominent building of Miles Platting is Victoria Mill, a huge former cotton mill that looms over the district and now houses offices and apartments. Its restoration was directed by Fr Dominic Kirkham of Corpus Christi.
Religion
Historically, much of the population of Miles Platting was of Irish Catholic or Italian descent, as evidenced by the large Corpus Christi Priory on Varley Street. The basilica has been served since 1889 by the Norbertine (Premonstratensian) Order, becoming an independent canonry of the order in 2004. Due to falling numbers and mounting repair and maintenance costs the basilica is now closed; the final Mass was celebrated by the Bishop of Salford on 27 April 2007. The basilica has been converted into the Usmania Banqueting Hall.
From 1880 until the slum clearances of the 1970s there was a Salvation Army corps in Cash Street.
Miles Platting is in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Salford, and the Anglican Diocese of Manchester.
Miles Platting does also have a very small Muslim minority.
Transport
The majority of bus routes are operated by Stagecoach Manchester. Buses from the city centre include 74, 76, 76A. Bus route 77 offers two early morning journeys from Moston via Newton Heath. MCT also offers the 217 service from Shudehill Interchange to Ashton via Clayton.
References
Areas of Manchester
Stroudville is an unincorporated community in Robertson County, Tennessee, in the United States.
History
A post office was established at Stroudsville in 1900, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1903.
References
Unincorporated communities in Robertson County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
The qualification for the 2012 AFC U-19 Championship.
Format
The teams have been divided into two zones – West (23) and East (16). The teams will be divided into seven groups of six and five teams each. West Zone will have three groups of six and one of five teams while East will have one group of six teams each and two of five. Top two teams from each of the groups and third best team from West and East zones will qualify for the tournament proper.
Seedings
The draw for the 2012 AFC U-19 Championship qualification will take place at AFC House on 30 March 2011.
– Suspended
Six teams will not take part in this edition: , , , , , ,,,.
Groups
Group A
All matches were played in Dhaka, Bangladesh (UTC+6).
Group B
All matches were played in Doha, Qatar (UTC+3).
Group C
All matches were played in Tehran, Iran (UTC+3:30).
Group D
All matches were played in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates (UTC+4).
Group E
All matches were played in Bangkok, Thailand (UTC+7).
Group F
All matches were played in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam (UTC+7).
Group G
All matches were held in Petaling Jaya (Selangor), Malaysia (UTC+8).
Third-placed qualifiers
At the end of the first stage, a comparison will be made between the third placed teams of each group. The one best third-placed teams from the West Zone (Group A to D) and one best third-placed team from the East (Group E to G) would also advance to the AFC U-19 Championship 2012.
West Zone
Because three groups has one team fewer than the others, following the withdrawal of Afghanistan and Nepal, matches against the sixth-placed team in each group are not included in this ranking. As a result, four matches played by each team will count for the purposes of the third-placed table.
East Zone
Qualifiers
See also
2012 AFC U-16 Championship qualification
References
External links
AFC U19 Championship
2012
Qual
Qual
Varghese Johnson (born April 28, 1982) is an amateur boxer from India who repeatedly medaled in the Super Heavyweight (+ 91 kg) division.
Career
In Melbourne at the Commonwealth Games 2006 they won Bronze, losing to David Price, who arose from three knockdowns to stop Johnson.
At the 2006 Asian Games they also won the bronze medal in a lost bout against Kazakhstan's Mukhtarkhan Dildabekov 13-32.
External links
Bio
References
1982 births
Living people
Indian male boxers
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Malayali people
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for India
Boxers at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Asian Games medalists in boxing
Boxers at the 2002 Asian Games
Boxers at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
Super-heavyweight boxers
Sérgio Vieira (4 May 1941 – 16 December 2021) was a Mozambican politician and poet. They were Director of the Department of Education and Culture at Frelimo, Governor of the Banco de Moçambique (Bank of Mozambique) and Minister of Security and of Agriculture.
Life and work
Vieira was born in Tete, Mozambique, on 4 May 1941.
At a young age, they became a political activist, and graduated in political science. During university studies, they were part of the youth opposition movement Empire Students' House. During exile in Dar-es-Salam, they headed the FRELIMO Culture and Education Department. After the independence of their country, they held the position of Governor of the Banco de Moçambique and Minister of Internal Administration.
They died on 16 December 2021, at the age of 80.
Literature
Their literary works are in Portuguese. They collaborated with some newspapers and magazines such as Jornal de Angola (Angola Newspaper) and is also included in many anthologies of poetry. Their main model is Marcelinos dos Santos.
References
1941 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Mozambican politicians
21st-century Mozambican politicians
Mozambican poets
People from Tete Province
Government ministers of Mozambique
FRELIMO politicians
Suzanne "Suzy" Powell-Roos (born September 3, 1976) is an American discus thrower. They competed at the 1996, 2000 and 2008 Olympics with the best result of 15th place in 2000.
They hold the American record at 222 ft 0 in (67.67 m), which they set on March 14, 2007 in Wailuku, Maui, Hawaii at the "Big Wind" Discus Challenge. They set the world's best year performance in 2002, with a throw of 69.44 meters at the University of California, San Diego on April 27, 2002, the best throw in the world since 1999. That throw was not ratified as the American record due to technical issues with the throwing sector.
While in high school at Thomas Downey High School in 1994 they were named the national Girl's "High School Athlete of the Year" by Track and Field News after setting the National High School Record in the discus at 214' 0" As a sophomore, they were on the American team at the IAAF World Junior Championships, finishing tenth. Two years later they took home a bronze medal from the same event. They were the 1995 Pan American Junior Championships gold medalist. They later attended UCLA. They won the 1996 and 2007 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships (1996 while winning the United States Olympic Trials (track and field). They were the runner-up six times.
Achievements
References
External links
Suzy Powell-Roos at USATF
California State Records before 2000
1976 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Modesto, California
Track and field athletes from California
American female discus throwers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games track and field athletes for the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 2003 Pan American Games
UCLA Bruins women's track and field athletes
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
The is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Sapporo, Japan.
History
The intent to construct the temple was announced by church president Thomas S. Monson on October 3, 2009, during the church's semi-annual general conference. Completed in 2016, the intent to build the temple was announced concurrently with the Brigham City Utah, Concepción Chile, Fort Lauderdale Florida and Fortaleza Brazil temples; together, at the time, they brought the total number of temples worldwide to 151. It is the third church temple in Japan. Ground was broken on 22 October 2011 by Gary E. Stevenson. Michael T. Ringwood and Koichi Aoyagi of the Seventy were also present.
A public open house was held from July 8–23, 2016, excluding Sundays. The temple was formally dedicated by Russell M. Nelson on August 21, 2016.
In 2020, the Sapporo Japan Temple was closed temporarily during the year in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
See also
Comparison of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by geographic region
Temple architecture (Latter-day Saints)
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Japan
References
External links
Sapporo Japan Temple Official site
Sapporo Japan Temple at ChurchofJesusChristTemples.org
21st-century Latter Day Saint temples
2016 establishments in Japan
2016 in Christianity
Religious buildings and structures in Hokkaido
Buildings and structures in Sapporo
Temples (LDS Church) in Japan
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Japan
Religious buildings and structures completed in 2016
Frank Kimball Root (1856–1932) was a music publisher in Chicago and the proprietor of Frank K. Root & Co. Their father, Ebenezer Towner Root, co-founded Root & Cady. Among the many notable songs published by the firm is "I Ain't Got Nobody".
Biography
Frank Kimball Root was born in Jersey City, New Jersey on June 23, 1856. They moved to Chicago with their family at a young age and was educated in public schools in Hyde Park.
They married Harriet Elizabeth Irwin on October 30, 1890, and they had three children.
In politics, they were a Republican.
Frank K. Root's firm had close ties to the McKinley Music Company.
Their home, the Root-Badger House at 326 Essex Rd. in Kenilworth, Illinois outside Chicago (also known as the Centennial House), was designed by Daniel Burnham and built by Paul Starrett. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (National Register of Historic Places listings in Cook County, Illinois).
Frank K. Root died in Kansas City, Missouri on February 10, 1932, and was buried at Rosehill Cemetery in Chicago.
Background
Their father cofounded Root & Cady. It was hit by the Great Chicago fire of 1871 and bankrupted. It was reorganized several years later as The Root & Sons Music Company.
Songwriter George F. Root was their uncle.
See also
William Lewis & Son Co.
Leo Feist, publisher in New York City
References
External links
1856 births
1932 deaths
American music publishers (people)
Burials at Rosehill Cemetery
Businesspeople from Chicago
Illinois Republicans
The 1925 Dallas mayoral election was a mayoral election held alongside municipal elections in Dallas. Louis Blaylock beat Marvin E. Martin, W.S. Brambett, and, M.A. Smith, their opponents, for the office of mayor.
References
1925 Texas elections
Dallas
Mayoral elections in Dallas
Non-partisan elections
, formerly known as , is a subscription-based video streaming service owned by CyberAgent's subsidiary CyberFight. On October 24, 2016, DDT Owner Sanshiro Takagi came down to the ring prior to that day's event and announced that DDT would be debuting their own video-on-demand service, called DDT Universe, in January 2017. Some major DDT events air live on the service, which also features matches from the promotion's archives, dating back to 2004, as well as matches from DDT's affiliate and sister promotions DNA (DDT New Attitude), Pro-Wrestling Basara, Tokyo Joshi Pro Wrestling, Union Pro Wrestling and Ganbare Pro Wrestling. As well as full shows and matches, the promotion also features documentaries showcasing the lives of wrestlers outside the ring. On January 30, 2020, DDT Universe began airing content from sister company Pro Wrestling Noah. On May 12, DDT Universe was rebranded as Wrestle Universe to reflect that the service offers content from different promotions.
See also
All Japan Pro Wrestling TV
Club WWN
New Japan Pro-Wrestling World
Impact Plus
UFC Fight Pass
WWE Network
Honor Club
References
External links
Internet television channels
DDT Pro-Wrestling
Pro Wrestling Noah
Tokyo Joshi Pro-Wrestling
CyberAgent
Internet properties established in 2017
2017 establishments in Japan
Video on demand services
Professional wrestling streaming services
Shinjuku
This article is a summary of the literary events and publications of 1631.
Events
January 9 – Love's Triumph Through Callipolis, a masque written by Ben Jonson and designed by Inigo Jones, is staged at Whitehall Palace.
January 11 – The Master of the Revels in England refuses to license Philip Massinger's new play, Believe as You List, because of its seditious content; it is first performed in a revised version on May 7.
February 5 – Puritan minister and theologian Roger Williams emigrates from England to Boston in the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
February 22 – Chloridia, the year's second Jonson/Jones masque, is performed.
June 10 – The King's Men perform Pericles, Prince of Tyre (c.1607/8) at the Globe Theatre.
The young Blaise Pascal moves with their family to Paris.
Thomas Hobbes is employed as a tutor by the Cavendish family, to teach the future Earl of Devonshire.
Publication of the "Wicked Bible" by Robert Barker and Martin Lucas, the royal printers in London, an edition of the King James Version of the Bible in which a typesetting erratum leaves the seventh of the Ten Commandments () with the word not omitted from the sentence "Thou shalt not commit adultery". Copies are withdrawn and about a year later the publishers are called to the Star Chamber, fined £300 and have their licence to print revoked.
New books
Prose
Johann Philipp Abelin – Arma Suecica, volume 1
Moses Amyraut – Traité des religions
Collected works of Jacobus Arminius published posthumously in Frankfurt
Robert Fludd – Medicina Catholica (Volume 2)
Thomas Harriot – Artis analyticae praxis
James Mabbe – Celestina, or the Tragicomedy of Calisto and Melibea, a 300-page closet drama or "novel in dialogue," translated from the Spanish-language original of Fernando de Rojas, La Celestina (1499)
Wicked Bible, a reprint of the King James Bible notable for typographical errors
William Oughtred – Clavis mathematicae
Drama
Anonymous – Fair Em published
George Chapman – Caesar and Pompey published
Henry Chettle – Hoffman published
Lope de Vega
Punishment without Revenge (El castigo sin venganza)
La noche de San Juan
Thomas Goffe – The Raging Turk published
Peter Hausted – Senile Odium
Thomas Heywood – The Fair Maid of the West, Parts 1 and 2 (published; probably performed in the previous year)
Ben Jonson
Chloridia (masque)
Love's Triumph Through Callipolis (masque)
Ralph Knevet – Rhodon and Iris (masque)
James Mabbe – The Spanish Bawd published
Jean Mairet – La Silvanire, ou la Morte-vive
Shackerley Marmion – Holland's Leaguer runs for a highly unusual six straight performances
John Marston, with William Barkstead & Lewis Machin (?) – The Insatiate Countess published
Philip Massinger
Believe as You List
The Emperor of the East
Thomas May – Antigone, the Theban Princess published
Jean Rotrou – L'Hypocondriaque
James Shirley
The Traitor
Love's Cruelty
The Humorous Courtier
Love Tricks published as The School of Compliment
Aurelian Townshend – Albion's Triumph (masque)
Robert Ward (?) – Fucus Histriomastix
Arthur Wilson – The Swisser
Richard Zouche – The Sophister
Poetry
Richard Braithwait – The English Gentleman
Births
January 1 – Katharine Philips (Orinda), English poet (died 1664)
February 22 – Peder Syv, Danish philologist, folklorist and priest (died 1702)
March 16 – René Le Bossu, French critic (died 1680)
April – John Phillips, English satirist and nephew of John Milton (died 1706)
July 15 – Richard Cumberland, English philosopher (died 1718)
August 9 – John Dryden, English poet and dramatist (died 1700)
October 18 – Michael Wigglesworth, English-born American poet and minister (died 1705)
Unknown date – John Barret, English religious writer and Presbyterian minister (died 1713)
Deaths
February 7 – Gabriel Harvey, English poet and author (born c. 1545)
March 31 – John Donne, English poet and Dean of St Paul's (born 1572)
May 6 – Robert Bruce Cotton, English antiquary and founder of Cotton Library (born 1570)
May 25 – Samuel Harsnett, English religious writer and archbishop (born 1561)
May 26 – Enrico Caterino Davila, Italian historian, murdered (born 1576)
July 28 – Guillén de Castro y Bellvis, Spanish dramatist (born 1569)
September 22 – Cardinal Federico Borromeo, Italian archbishop and founder of Biblioteca Ambrosiana (born 1564)
October 26 – Lewis Bayly, Welsh or Scottish-born religious writer and bishop writing in English (unknown year of birth)
November 29 – Edmond Richer, French theologian (born 1559)
December 23 – Michael Drayton, English poet (born 1563)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Pseudatteria splendens is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Herbert Druce in 1901. It is found in Ecuador, Colombia, Peru and Brazil.
It is a variable species, varying in some elements of the wing pattern, as well as in the reduction and/or division into smaller portions. The most constant external character consists of two costal streaks in the outer half of the forewing.
References
Moths described in 1901
Pseudatteria
The Men's 100 metre butterfly competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 20 and 21 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 20 May at 10:42.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 20 May at 18:25.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was on 21 May at 16:30.
References
Men's 100 metre butterfly
Soapstar Superchef was a cooking show on the ITV Network, where soap stars from Coronation Street, EastEnders, Emmerdale, Hollyoaks (and Hollyoaks: In the City) and Neighbours competed to be crowned "kings" or "queens" of the kitchen.
Their culinary efforts were judged by an expert panel of three judges. Each judge gave a mark out of ten, and the teams were able to gain extra points by answering questions about a short clip from their rivals' soap.
Each team cooked twice and their points from both episodes were added together and the two teams with the highest totals competed head-to-head to win the show.
The show was hosted by Richard Arnold, known as GMTV's TV critic, and Nicki Chapman, an English television presenter who also worked in the British pop music industry.
Mathew Bose and Hayley Tamaddon were crowned Soapstar Superchefs on Friday 13 April 2007.
Scores
Judges/Chefs
Gino D'Acampo
Keith Floyd
Jilly Goolden
Ken Hom
Jonathan Meades
Jean-Christophe Novelli
Merrilees Parker
Paul Rankin
Jay Rayner
Rosemary Shrager
Brian Turner
Antony Worrall Thompson
Anniversary list
Soapstar Superchef 15th Anniversary (19 March 2022) ()
15 Years of Soapstar Superchef
15 Years of Soapstar Superchef (19 March 2022) ()
References
2007 British television series debuts
2007 British television series endings
ITV (TV network) original programming
Television series by ITV Studios
Carenum laevipenne is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1863.
References
laevipenne
Beetles described in 1863
Carenum frenchi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1894.
References
frenchi
Beetles described in 1894
See You Tomorrow () is a 2013 Italian comedy film written and directed by Andrea Zaccariello.
Plot
Marcello Santilli is looking for the opportunity of their life. All attempts to be successful at work and get rich have turned out to be failures and they are now bankrupt. Their wife, who is tired of taking care of them like a mother, and their daughter do not value them and above all do not have confidence in their ability to achieve something good in their life. But they are not discouraged: they think they have found the opportunity to finally succeed in affirming himself. They discover Petrafrisca, a small remote town in Puglia, where the population is made up mainly of residents over ninety years old, where there is no funeral home. They imagine that, given the average age of the inhabitants, there will be no shortage of potential "customers". They then launches into this new business and opens the agency. Unfortunately for him, the inhabitants of the village, despite their age, are all in excellent health and have no intention of becoming theirs "customers".
Cast
Enrico Brignano as Marcello Santilli
Burt Young as Mario Palagonia
Francesca Inaudi as Flavia
Ricky Tognazzi as Camicioli
Giulia Salerno as Melania
Giorgia Würth as Tina
Luca Avagliano as Antonio Spataro
References
External links
2013 comedy films
2013 films
Italian comedy films
2010s Italian films
Mount Tchaikovsky () is a snow-covered mountain, rising to about , with scarps on the south and east sides, located in the north part of Derocher Peninsula, situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.
A number of mountains in this vicinity first appear on maps by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) in 1947–48. This mountain, apparently one of these, was mapped from RARE air photos by Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1960.
The feature was named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Peter Ilyitch Tchaikovsky (1840–1893), Russian composer.
See also
Mount Schumann
Mount Spivey
Mount Tyrrell
Mountains of Alexander Island
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Football Club Mwangaza is a Congolese football club based in Beni, North Kivu province and currently playing in the Linafoot Ligue 2, the second level of the Congolese football.
References
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Goma
The women's 100m butterfly events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
S8
S9
S10
S13
Heats
12 swimmers from nine nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 12 June 2022.
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women's swimming
Benedict D. Coscia, O.F.M. , (10 August 1922 − 30 April 2008) was an American Friar Minor and a Catholic bishop.
Life
Early life
They were born Vito Coscia in Brooklyn, New York, in 1922 and baptized at the Church of Our Lady, Help of Christians, on Staten Island. They attended Public School 104 in the Fort Hamilton section of Brooklyn for their elementary education (1928-1935) and then Immaculata High School in Manhattan (1935-1939). After graduation, they enrolled at St. Francis College in Brooklyn.
Coscia then felt called to enter the Franciscans. They were admitted as a candidate for Holy Name Province, based in New York City, and entered St. Joseph Seraphic Seminary in Callicoon, New York, where they were admitted to the novitiate and given the religious name of Dominic Coscia. They made their initial profession of religious vows on December 8, 1943. They were then sent to complete their college studies at St. Bonaventure College (1943-1945), followed by seminary studies at Holy Name College in Washington, D.C. (1945-1949). During this same period, they earned a Master's degree in Latin American history (1945-1948). They were ordained to the priesthood on November 6, 1949.
Missionary and bishop
After their ordination, Coscia immediately volunteered to serve in the missions being established in South America by their province. They were sent to Brazil in 1950, where they assumed the name of Benedict Dominic Coscia to honor Benedict the Moor, a Franciscan friar and saint, whom they greatly revered. They initially served as a parish vicar in Anápolis, Goiás, for seven years. From 1957 to 1961 they then served as a pastor, high school teacher and the Guardian of the community of Friars Minor in Pires do Rio.
In 1961, Coscia was selected to serve as the Bishop of Jataí by Pope John XXIII. Their episcopal consecration took place at the Basilica of Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Brooklyn on September 21, 1961. Returning to Brazil, they spent their career as bishop building up church institutions to serve a population scattered throughout the region, both Brazilian farmers and the indigenous population. They worked hard in the social arena, especially health care, personally driving a health van mobile unit themselves to the rural zones of their diocese, as well as supervising the establishment and operation of orphanages and daycare centers. During this time, they attended all four sessions of the Second Vatican Council.
Later life
Coscia retired as bishop in 1999 and moved to Goiânia, where they continued to minister to the needy. They died in 2008 and was buried in their former cathedral.
References
1922 births
2008 deaths
People from Brooklyn
American Friars Minor
Brazilian Friars Minor
American Roman Catholic missionaries
Franciscan missionaries
Franciscan bishops
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Brazil
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Brazil
Burials in Goiás
Roman Catholic missionaries in Brazil
American expatriates in Brazil
Catholics from New York (state)
Roman Catholic bishops of Jataí
The 2021–22 season was the 103rd season in the existence of Angers SCO and the club's seventh consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Angers also participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Angers were allowed to stay in the top flight after their appeal against relegation to Ligue 2 along with Bordeaux was accepted.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Goalscorers
References
Angers SCO seasons
Angers
Pheidole ragnax is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Description
Pheidole ragnax seems closely related to P. bessonii from Madagascar, as the two share important key characters such as the occipital collar and the elongated shapes of the head, mesonotum, scapes, legs, and postpetiole in minor workers, and the acute lateral postpetiolar process and face with obliquely longitudinal rugae in major workers. All six specimens of this species were collected from a single rotten log in coastal scrub rainforest on Mayotte, which is less than 350 km north and east of the coast of Madagascar. Such proximity suggests that P. ragnax could represent a mere geographic variation of P. bessonii. Nevertheless, the P. ragnax specimens can be clearly separated from the type material of P. bessonii by the more elongated head shape, scapes, and legs in the minor workers. The holotype major worker of P. ragnax differs from that of P. bessonii in the oblique versus convex head sides, as well as longer scapes, mandibles, legs, and larger eyes. However, until more material of P. ragnax is collected and the whole group is revised, there will not be a definite answer to whether P. ragnax is a synonym of P. bessonii or a distinct biological species.
References
ragnax
Insects described in 2013
Paula Andújar Jiménez (born 22 July 1993) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a defender for Rayo Vallecano.
Club career
Andújar started their career at Torrejón B.
References
External links
Profile at La Liga
1993 births
Living people
Women's association football defenders
Spanish women's footballers
Footballers from Madrid
AD Torrejón CF Femenino players
Rayo Vallecano Femenino players
Primera División (women) players
Spanish expatriate women's footballers
Expatriate women's soccer players in the United States
Primera Federación (women) players
EdF Logroño players
Ebrahimabad (, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,725, in 436 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
The Rio Grande Ranch Headquarters Historic District (also known as Three Forks Ranch) is a historic one-story residence located east of Okay in Wagoner County, Oklahoma. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places September 9, 1992. The site's Period of Significance is 1910 to 1935, and it qualified for listing under NRHP criteria A and C.
The historic district consists of 40 acres of ranch land with 15 resources, 13 rated as "Contributing" and 2 as noncontributing.
The ranch house was built in the Prairie School architectural style out of sandstone which was mined at a local quarry. The complete site consists of the original residence, a smoke house and the spring house.
History
An Act of Congress in May, 1908, allowed the sale of Cherokee lands to non-Cherokees. Previously, non-Cherokees were only allowed to lease such land. In August, 1908, Dr. Charles E. Daily bought in the newly created Wagoner County, Oklahoma. The land would become the headquarters of the Rio Grande Ranch. Daily continued to buy land, and owned by the end of the year. In 1910, Dr. Daily bought enough shorthorn cattle from their father's ranch in Indiana to establish their own herd. The herd proved successful in its new home. However, the elder Daily died in 1915, and their son felt they needed to sell their Oklahoma ranch and return to Indiana.
Frank A. Gillespie, a Tulsa oilman, bought the ranch in November, 1915. Born in Oil City, Pennsylvania, they had come to Tulsa in 1904, where they were said to be highly successful. Their hobby was raising purebred shorthorn cattle. They already owned several other large ranches in the state. Gillespie immediately began the Rio Grande's land holdings and its herd. In 1916, they built a concrete barn as a place to show their cattle. In 1917 they bought an unspecified amount of Grand River bottom land to add to the ranch. Gillespie sold the ranch to Clinton R. Strong on February 11, 1918.
Although Strong continued to raise shorthorns, they apparently did nothing else to improve the ranch. One year after buying it, they traded it for ownership of some railroad stock. By 1920, the ranch was owned by James W. Maney, an Oklahoma City railroad contractor. Money's son, Robert, actually moved into the Rock House in 1920-1921 and managed the ranch with the help of three ranch hands. James actually started a couple of sidelines for the property: a producing oil well and a gravel production business on the Grand River. But it was still cattle raising that brought in the big profits. In 1920, the ranch held a sale of registered shorthorns in Tulsa and grossed an average of $395 per head, which was considered a good price at the time.
James Maney sold the ranch to Yeoman Life Insurance Company in 1935, ending the ranch's significance as a source of purebred shorthorn cattle.
Description of buildings
"Rock Manor" Ranch house
The , one-story main residence was one of the first structures built in 1909 - 1910. Its walls were covered with Atoka sandstone, which was quarried on the ranch. Hence, the house was always known as "Rock Manor" or "Rock House." The architecture is Prairie Style, and has the darker stone laid at the bottom of the elevation, becoming lighter as the exterior walls reach the roofline. The hipped roof is low-pitched and covered with asphalt shingles, interrupted by two front-facing dormers. Each dormer has white clapboard walls and two windows, with three small glass panes over one larger pane. The wide eave overhang is enclosed with a wooden fascia and a tongue-in-groove wooden soffit. There are three brick chimneys penetrating through the roof. One chimney is on the center ridge and connects to the living room fireplace. The other two are on the roof slopes, serving four wood stoves (kitchen, dining room and two bedrooms).
A porch spans the front facade (south elevation) and wraps around about one-third of the elevation. It is raised with a concrete floor and steps. The steps are flanked by short sandstone wing walls that are capped with concrete and decorated with concrete horse heads. Slightly tapered sandstone columns with concrete capitals support the porch roof, whose ceiling is made of tongue-in-groove wood painted white. Four-inch diameter metal pipes connecting the columns, serve as the porch rail.
The double-hung windows are made of wood and are of different sizes. The NRHP application said that they were probably made on-site to fit specific window openings, which were not all of uniform size. The main entrance door is oversized and has a single pane of glass, with an overhead transom. Other exterior doors are wooden, paneled type, single doors with a transom. The transoms were adjustable to facilitate natural cooling during the summer.
Inside the house, the most notable feature is a large rock fireplace in the living room, faced with quarried sandstone and having a simple wooden mantle. The concrete floor in the living room probably prevented serious damage to the house whenever sparks may have flown out of the fireplace. All other rooms in the house have wood floors. Ceilings in all the rooms are high, and most rooms are decorated with picture molding. All interior doors have transoms (again to promote air circulation), and have solid brass hardware. There are two wooden built-in cabinets: a gun cabinet in the sitting room and a china cabinet in the dining room. Ceilings and interior walls are covered with plaster over wood lath. The inside of exterior walls was covered directly with plaster.
Secondary buildings
Three secondary buildings share the yard of the Rock House: the spring house and the root cellar are southwest of the main house, and the smokehouse is northeast. A rock wall encloses the yard. The three secondary buildings each have Atoka sandstone walls, thick, and sloped concrete roofs, thick.
The smoke house is by and was built to store fresh meat, as well as to smoke meat and fish.
The root cellar by was intended to store fruits and vegetables in a cool environment during the hot summer. It was also used as the storm cellar, when tornados were in the area.
The spring cellar by provided drinking water from a cold spring, as well as providing a place to store perishables like eggs and milk.
Other resources
Cistern-Well/Windmill
The original cistern-well was hand dug, rock-lined and provided all the water needed for household use, except for drinking water. Runoff from rain flowed into the cistern, supplemented by well water, which the windmill pumped into an overhead tank. The windmill also enough power to provide sufficient water pressure for the kitchen and baths. The overhead tank no longer exists, but the cistern-well now irrigation supplies water for the yard and the surrounding land.
Septic system
A septic system was installed when the Rock House was originally built. it was still operating satisfactorily when the NRHP application was written.
Concrete barn
The concrete barn is a rectangular structure with twin concrete silos at the north end. Stalls were originally made of metal pipe. The original overhead feeding system is intact. The roof is front-gabled and covered with brown, composition shingles. A hayloft is centered on the roof ridge and has a hipped roof with a cupola and open eaves. The barn has 26 double-hung, 6/6 windows. The original wood frame windows have been replaced with aluminum sashes, which have been painted to simulate the original appearance. Drive-in doors are on the north, east and west sides of the barn, while cattle doors are on the south side. There are shed roofs along the outside east and west walls, supported by square wooden posts. The sheds were to provide shade and shelter from the weather.
Notes
References
Houses completed in 1909
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Houses in Wagoner County, Oklahoma
Prairie School architecture in Oklahoma
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Wagoner County, Oklahoma
Sir John Cass (February 1661 – 5 July 1718) was an English merchant, Tory Member of Parliament and philanthropist. They were also a key figure in the Royal African Company, which was involved in the Atlantic slave trade.
Biography
Early life
They were born in Rosemary Lane, in the City of London, son of Thomas Cass, carpenter to the Royal Ordnance. They were baptised on 28 February 1660 at St Botolph's Aldgate. In 1665, the family moved to Grove Street, in South Hackney, to escape the plague.
On 7 January 1684 they married Elizabeth Franklin.
Career
Cass was a merchant, builder and politician.
In 1705 Cass became a member of the Court of Assistants (equivalent to the board of directors) of the Royal African Company which since 1662 had held the monopoly in England on trading along the West Africa coast in gold, silver, ivory and slaves from 1662. The company had been set up by King Charles II and their brother the Duke of York (later King James II), who was the governor of the company, together with City of London merchants. The slaves were sold for labour on tobacco, and, increasingly, sugar plantations. They held shares in the Royal African Company until their death.
Cass was elected as one of the Tory MPs for the City in 1710. They were re-elected in 1713 but lost to the Whig faction in 1715. They served as alderman for the ward of Portsoken from January 1711 and in June 1711 was elected as one of the sheriffs of London. As sheriff, they were knighted in June 1712.
They were appointed a commissioner of the Commission for Building Fifty New Churches in 1711; this was a scheme to provide new churches for the rapidly expanding population of the metropolis.
Cass was Master of the Worshipful Company of Carpenters in 1711–12, concurrent with their shrievalty; but in 1714 they transferred to the Skinners' Company, and became their Master.
Between 1709 and 1715 they were treasurer to the Bridewell and Bethlehem Hospitals.
Death
They died on 5 July 1718, aged 57, of a brain haemorrhage and was buried in the churchyard of St Mary Matfelon, in Whitechapel, now the Altab Ali Park. Their widow Elizabeth née Franklin died on 7 July 1732. They had no children.
Legacy
Philanthropy
Cass founded a school for 50 boys and 40 girls in buildings in the churchyard of St Botolph's Aldgate in 1709. They had made a will at this time, but when their health failed in 1718, they planned to make a new version taking account of the extra property they had acquired in the intervening years. Cass began a new will, but by the time of their death only two pages had been initialled. The will – with an estate worth £2,000 – was contested by their heirs at law in the Court of Chancery. Lady Cass continued as patroness of the schools, but died in 1732. The school continued for a few more years under the aegis of Valentine Brewis, one of the trustees Cass had named, but was closed down after their death in 1738. In the early 1740s the remaining trustees petitioned Parliament for the permanent endowment of the school, and the will was finally upheld 30 years after Cass's death. This enabled the Sir John Cass's Foundation to be established in 1748.
Sir John Cass's Foundation
Their charity continued to fund the Sir John Cass Foundation School as well as providing for the establishment of the Sir John Cass Technical Institute, which was founded in 1899 and moved into newly built premises at 31 Jewry Street, London, in 1902; becoming Sir John Cass College in 1950. In 1965, the college's Department of Fine and Applied art merged with the Department of Silversmithing and Allied Crafts from the Central School of Art to form the Sir John Cass School of Art, which moved into its own new premises at Central House, opposite the Whitechapel Art Gallery. The Sir John Cass College merged with the City of London College in 1970 to form the City of London Polytechnic; becoming London Guildhall University and merging to form the London Metropolitan University in 2002.
The modern foundation provides support to a primary school within the City – near to St Botolph's, (The Aldgate School, formerly Sir John Cass's Foundation Primary School); a secondary school (Stepney All Saints School, formerly Sir John Cass Redcoat School) in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets; the Sir John Cass Faculty of Art, Architecture and Design within London Metropolitan University; and the Cass Business School within City, University of London.
The foundation has provided funding for the Sir John Cass School of Education at the University of East London campus in Stratford, London. Funding has also been provided for the Sir John Cass Hall, a hall of residence for students, in Well Street, London Borough of Hackney.
Reappraisal
In the United States in May 2020, George Floyd, a black man, was murdered by a white police officer, and in response there were protests in many cities around the world. In Bristol the statue of Edward Colston, a slave trader, was toppled. Thus, amongst a broader recognition of racial injustice, many institutions reviewed their historical associations with the slave trade.
In the following months the Sir John Cass Foundation and many associated organisations changed, or committed to change, their names. London Metropolitan University removed Cass's name from their Art, Architecture and Design School. The foundation itself committed to change its name, later announcing that it would be called The Portal Trust, taking effect in Spring 2021. The business school at City, University of London, will remove its association with Cass, instead adopting the name of the 18th century mathematician Thomas Bayes in September 2021. And the Sir John Cass Redcoat School changed its name to Stepney All Saints School.
Memorials
The statue of John Cass is a 1751 lead figure designed by Louis-François Roubiliac. Cass is shown wearing a long wig and the sheriff's gown. The original statue now stands in the Guildhall in London, and a number of copies stand in various places including outside the Sir John Cass School, at Duke's Place and Mitre Street. On 21 January 2021, the City of London Corporation announced it would remove the statue due to Cass's involvement in the Royal African Company. This decision was later overturned by a decision in the Court of Common Council on 7th October 2021, after accepting a recommendation from a Statues Working Group Report, to retain the statues, but to add accompanying information to the statue, contextualising John Cass' history and contributions.
Cassland Road in Hackney commemorates the landholdings of the Cass family, in the district. Until December 2020, the gardens on the road were named Cassland Road Gardens.
A row of almshouses (founded by William Monger) in 1669, were subsequently funded by land owned by Cass on Hackney Marshes. In 1849, they were rebuilt by Sir John Cass's Foundation.
A statute of Cass was on the facade of the Sir John Cass Foundation building in Jewry Street, in the City of London. It was removed in early July 2020.
At the University of East London, in Newham, the education and early years department is known as the Cass School of Learning. A statue of Sir John Cass which stood in the atrium of the Cass building was removed during the George Floyd protests on 11 June 2020. In a statement, the university said: "We have removed the statue of Sir John Cass from the school of education and communities and we will be instigating a university wide review of all sources of historical funding along with developing a new institutional naming policy that reflects our values of equality, diversity and inclusion."
A memorial bust in St Botolph's Aldgate was removed on 20 June 2020.
Notes
References
External links
Sir John Cass Business School
Sir John Cass's Foundation
Cass School of Education
Sir John Cass Department of Art, Media and Design
Sir John Cass's Foundation Primary School
1661 births
1718 deaths
18th-century philanthropists
Councilmen and Aldermen of the City of London
British MPs 1710–1713
British MPs 1713–1715
English Anglicans
English businesspeople
English philanthropists
English slave traders
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Patrons of schools
People from South Hackney
Politics of the City of London
Sheriffs of the City of London
Tory MPs (pre-1834)
The Katzenberger Trial was a notorious Nazi show trial. A Jewish business person and leading member of the Nuremberg Jewish community, Lehmann (Leo) Katzenberger, was accused of having an affair with a young "Aryan" woman, and on 14 March 1942 was sentenced to death. The trial's presiding judge, Oswald Rothaug, was later tried at the Nuremberg trials (see Judges' Trial) and sentenced to life imprisonment. The Katzenberger Trial later provided a subplot in the 1961 film Judgment at Nuremberg.
Background
Leo Katzenberger (born 28 November 1873 in Maßbach, near Bad Kissingen) and their two brothers owned a large wholesale shoe shop, as well as 30 shoe shops throughout southern Germany. Katzenberger was a leading member of the Nuremberg Jewish community, and from 1939 was chairperson of the Nuremberg Jewish Cultural Organization. They had a long-standing friendship with a young photographer, Irene Seiler (née Scheffler, born 26 April 1910 in Guben), who rented rooms in an apartment house the Katzenbergers owned that was next to the firm's offices. For years, local gossips had claimed that Seiler and Katzenberger were having an affair. Both were married.
Trial
An unknown person denounced Katzenberger to the authorities, and they were arrested on 18 March 1941 under the so-called Rassenschutzgesetz ("Racial Protection Law"), one of the Nuremberg Laws, which made it a criminal offence, Rassenschande ("racial defilement"), for Aryans to have sexual relations with Jews. Katzenberger consistently denied the charges, as did Seiler, who claimed their relationship was like that of a father and daughter. The investigating judge initially concluded there was too little evidence to proceed with the case, but the investigation attracted the attention of Oswald Rothaug, a judge known for their severity and fervent support for Nazism. Recognising the publicity such a trial would generate and seeing it as a way to display their Nazi credentials and further their career, Rothaug arranged for the case to be brought to him. They sent tickets for the trial to all the prominent Nazis in Nuremberg.
No conclusive evidence was presented during the trial that Katzenberger and Seiler had ever had an affair (Seiler had been Katzenberger's tenant since 1932), let alone that it had continued during the war. The law at the time did not call for the death sentence for breaking the Rassenschutzgesetz; the normal sentence would have been several years' imprisonment. Despite this, however, the Volkschädlingsgesetz, a wartime law, allowed capital punishment if one made use of wartime regulations such as the blackout to commit a crime. Based on a single eyewitness account that Katzenberger had left Seiler's apartment "when it was already dark", Rothaug applied this law to sentence Katzenberger to death.
Aftermath
Katzenberger was guillotined at Stadelheim Prison in Munich on 2 June 1942. Seiler was found guilty of perjury for denying an affair had taken place and sentenced to two years' imprisonment: in accordance with Hitler's wishes, women were not charged under the Racial Protection Law, but could be charged with perjury or obstruction of justice. They died in July 1984 in Apolda, aged 74.
Even among some Nazi officials, the tenuous grounds on which Katzenberger had been sentenced to death caused disquiet. Rothaug was moved to a state attorney's job in Berlin in 1943 because Justice Minister Otto Georg Thierack considered them unfit to be a judge. In 1947 the Americans tried Rothaug, partly for their role in the Katzenberger trial, and sentenced them to life imprisonment. Rothaug was released in December 1956, aged 59, and died in Cologne in 1967, aged 70.
References
People condemned by Nazi courts
1873 births
1942 deaths
Trials in Germany
Dr. Levi Fox OBE, DL, MA, FSA, FRHistS, FRSL (28 August 1914 – 3 September 2006), was an author of numerous articles and books, particularly on topics relating to William Shakespeare and local history.
List
Notes
References
Shakespearean scholarship
Bibliographies by writer
Bibliographies of British writers
The American Mills Web Shop is a historic industrial complex at Orange Avenue and Front Street in West Haven, Connecticut. Developed between 1903 and 1914, it is a good example of industrial development of the period. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Description and history
The American Mills Web Shop is located in West Haven's northeastern Allingtown section, extending east and south at the junction of Front Street and Orange Avenue (United States Route 1). The principal elements of the complex are a large weave shed, a single story structure extending along Front Street, and the administrative building, which faces Orange Avenue and is two stories in height. A smokestack and boiler room are located behind these buildings; a more extensive set of outbuildings once also occupied the rough parcel, but have been demolished. The weave shed has a particularly well-preserved sawtooth roof, a period innovation that brought daylight to the interiors of large industrial spaces.
The complex was begun in 1903 by the Narrow Fabrics Company, which specialized in manufacturing elastic fabrics used in applications such as industrial machine belts, zipper backings, brake linings, and automotive safety belts. The company grew rapidly, enlarging the plant substantially in 1909 and 1914. In 1914, a series of corporate mergers was accompanied by a name change to the American Mills Web Company. It remained in operation until 1970, and underwent rehabilitation for other uses in the early 1980s.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Haven County, Connecticut
References
National Register of Historic Places in New Haven County, Connecticut
Italianate architecture in Connecticut
Buildings and structures completed in 1903
West Haven, Connecticut
KKCQ-FM (96.7 FM, "Q Country 96.7") is a radio station licensed to serve Bagley, Minnesota. It airs a stereo country music format. News comes from ABC Radio and the Minnesota News Network.
It sits east of downtown Fosston at 30056 U.S. Highway 2, along with sister station KKCQ-AM 1480. Both stations are owned by Jimmy Birkemeyer, through licensee R&J Broadcasting, Inc. The transmitter and tower are northwest of Bagley, Minnesota.
The station was assigned the KKCQ-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on October 1, 1996.
References
External links
KKCQ-FM official website
Radio stations in Minnesota
Country radio stations in the United States
Clearwater County, Minnesota
Radio stations established in 1996
The American Horticultural Society (AHS) is a nonprofit, membership-based organization that promotes excellence in American horticulture. It is headquartered at River Farm in Alexandria, Virginia.
History
Established in 1922, the AHS is one of the oldest national gardening organizations in the United States. Today's organization resulted from the merger of three gardening groups: the current namesake American Horticultural Society, the National Horticultural Society, and the American Horticultural Council.
Publications
In addition to publishing horticultural reference books, the organization publishes a bi-monthly magazine, The American Gardener, which is a member benefit. The American Horticultural Society also publishes a monthly online e-bulletin.
Education
The American Horticultural Society conducts various events annually, to educate and inspire gardeners. Each summer the AHS conducts the National Children and Youth Garden Symposium, which is a forum for educators, garden designers, community leaders, and children's gardening advocates to network and collaborate on techniques and practices to engage children with the natural world. Education is further instilled in the Society's internship program, which hires interns in editorial/communications, member programs, and horticulture.
National awards
Through its national awards programs, AHS celebrates outstanding achievements, encourages excellence, and inspires innovation in the art and science of horticulture. The Great American Gardeners Awards honor horticultural heroes; the AHS Book Awards celebrate great gardening literature, and Growing Good Kids Awards recognize outstanding children's gardening and nature books.
Membership
AHS offers a membership program to those interested in gardening and horticulture. Membership includes a subscription to The American Gardener, free admission privileges or discounts at 300 gardens and arboreta through the Reciprocal Admissions Program (RAP), discounted or free admission to flower and garden shows, the annual Seed Exchange, and special discounts on programs and products.
River Farm
In 1973, the Society relocated their headquarters to River Farm, overlooking the Potomac River in Alexandria, Virginia. The property was acquired by the AHS with a gift from Enid Annenberg Haupt, who stipulated that the historic property, once part of George Washington's estate, would be open for the public to enjoy. The property is home to numerous gardens, including a four-acre Andre Bluemel Meadow and a Children's Garden. Annual events at River Farm include the Spring Garden Market plant sale, garden workshops for children, a banquet for AHS award winners, and a gala fundraiser each fall.
The Board of Directors of the AHS voted to sell the River Farm property in September 2020. The proposed sale generated controversy both within the organization, and was met with resistance from the local government. Although the AHS had initially planned to dispose of the property by Spring 2021, that deadline was not met.
Partners
The Horticultural and Corporate Partners programs join other allied organizations that help to support the Society's vision of making a nation of gardeners. In August 2020, the AHS partnered with Elodie's Naturals to teach skincare chemistry sourced from vegetables and plants.
References
External links
American Horticultural Society
Horticultural organizations based in the United States
1922 establishments in the United States
Organizations established in 1922
Tourist attractions in Fairfax County, Virginia
Non-profit organizations based in Alexandria, Virginia
501(c)(3) organizations
Jean Fouchard (Port au Prince, 2 March 1912 - ibidem, 30 September 1990) was a Haitian historian, journalist, and diplomat. Fouchard was born in Port-au-Prince and earned a law degree there. They worked as a journalist, founding the periodical La Relèvé, and as a diplomat, serving as the ambassador to Cuba.  They are best known for their historical publications.
Selected works
Les Marrons du Syllabaire (1953)
Plaisirs de Saint-Domingue (1955)
Le Théâtre à Saint-Domingue (1955)
Artistes et Répertoires des Scènes de Saint-Domingue (1955)
Les Marrons de la Liberté (1972). English translation: The Haitian Maroons: Liberty or Death (1981), with a preface by C. L. R. James
Langue et Littérature des Aborigènes d'Ayiti (1972)
References
1912 births
1990 deaths
20th-century Haitian historians
Haitian male writers
Haitian journalists
People from Port-au-Prince
Ambassadors of Haiti to Cuba
20th-century male writers
20th-century journalists
"Bacc At It Again" is a song by American rapper Yella Beezy featuring Quavo and Gucci Mane, released as a single on March 15, 2019. The music video was released on April 15, 2019. The song debuted at number 94 on the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming Yella Beezy's second song to chart on the Hot 100 after their 2018 song "That's On Me", which reached number 56.
Background
The song marks Yella Beezy's first official single after they were shot and hospitalized in October 2018.
Music video
The music video, directed by Benny Boom, was released on April 25, 2019. It features a "futuristic" theme and appearances from all three rappers.
Charts
Certifications
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
Yella Beezy songs
Quavo songs
Gucci Mane songs
Songs written by Gucci Mane
Songs written by Quavo
Songs written by Quay Global
Song recordings produced by Quay Global
Many countries give the title minister of national defence or minister of national defense to their Defence ministers, including:
Minister of National Defence (Angola)
Minister of National Defence (Burundi)
Minister of National Defense (Cambodia)
Minister of National Defence (Canada)
Minister of National Defence for Air (Canada)
Minister of National Defence for Naval Services (Canada)
Minister of National Defense (Chile)
Minister of National Defence (Colombia)
Minister of National Defence (Greece)
Minister of National Defence (Guatemala)
Minister of National Defence (Lithuania)
Minister of National Defence (PRC)
Minister of National Defence (Poland)
Minister of National Defence (Turkey)
Pseudatteria tremewani is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Peru.
The length of the forewings is 14–15 mm. The forewings are deep reddish orange, but white in the subcostal and apicoterminal areas. The markings are black. The hindwings are reddish orange with black spots.
References
Moths described in 1966
Pseudatteria
Renée Girod (2 July 1887 - 12 September 1962) was a Swiss physician and women's activist.
Biography
Girod was born in Geneva as the daughter of Maurice Antoine Girod, who eventually became a major in the Swiss General Staff, and their wife Blanche Marie (née Borel). Girod was trained in Bern as a nurse and served as a paramedic during First World War. Only after the war did they finish secondary school in 1919 and began studying medicine. In Geneva, they became a medical doctor in 1927. They first worked for the Salvation Army, then settled to become a medical practitioner for socially disadvantaged women and children.
In Geneva, they became president of the local «Frauenzentrale» (women's help center) and of the commission for hygiene in the Federation of Swiss women's associations. The latter organization was part of the International Council of Women (ICW), where Girod became the Swiss representative. When the Second World War erupted, the ICW president Marthe Boël from Belgium was detained and unable to perform their duties, so Renée Girod was chosen to serve as interim president during the German occupation of Belgium in the years after 1940. Only in May 1945, Boël regained the capabilities to run their office again, until 1947.
Girod also was co-founder and vice president of an organization to help expectant mothers, and was involved in the social project Vernets d'Arve. They died in Geneva in 1962.
References
Swiss women's rights activists
Swiss women physicians
20th-century Swiss physicians
1887 births
1962 deaths
The 1962 Buffalo Bills season was the team's third season in the American Football League. The Bills finished the season with a 7–6–1 record, third place in the AFL East; it was the Bills' first-ever season finishing with a winning record.
The Bills lost their first five games of the season, but finished the final nine games with only one loss (and one tie).
Season summary
The Bills were a run-heavy offense in 1962; they led the league in rushing yards, with 2,480. The Bills ran the ball 58.8 percent of the time on offense. The Bills gained 5.0 yards per carry as a team, tied for the league lead.
Bills running back Cookie Gilchrist, who came to the Bills in 1962 from the Canadian Football League, led the AFL in rushing yards with 1,096 yards. and 13 rushing touchdowns. Running back Wray Carlton ran for 530 yards, but led the league with 5.6 yards per rushing attempt.
The Bills' defense got a major infusion of talent on defense, as rookies Tom Sestak, Mike Stratton, Ray Abruzzese, and Booker Edgerson won starting jobs.
Offseason
During the offseason, the Bills removed former coach Buster Ramsey and hired Lou Saban to helm the team.
The Bills also picked up former Chargers quarterback Jack Kemp off the waiver wire. Kemp had a broken hand, and as such could not play until the twelfth game of the season, but they would prove to be the best Bills quarterback of the 1960s.
AFL Draft
Defensive lineman Tom Sestak and linebacker Mike Stratton started for the Bills on defense as rookies; both would go on to be AFL All-Stars multiple times.
Ernie Davis
The Bills selected Heisman Trophy winner Ernie Davis from Syracuse with their first draft pick, and Davis may have very well signed with their hometown Bills (Davis grew up in nearby Elmira), since the National Football League team that drafted him, the Washington Redskins, was led by avowed racist George Preston Marshall and had only drafted Davis as a token black to avoid losing the Redskins' stadium lease; Davis refused to play for the Redskins. The Redskins traded Davis's rights to the Cleveland Browns, and Davis instead signed with the Browns. Unfortunately for all parties, Davis was diagnosed with acute monocytic leukemia in the summer of 1962, and the Browns barred them from playing for the team (despite the cancer being in remission by the time the preseason began). The cancer later returned, and Davis died May 18, 1963, having never played a down of professional football.
Personnel
Staff
Final roster
Regular season
Game-By-Game Results
Preseason
Regular season
Standings
Roster
Awards and Records
References
Buffalo Bills on Pro Football Reference
Buffalo Bills on jt-sw.com
Buffalo Bills
Buffalo Bills seasons
Buffalo Bills
Amalienau was a suburban quarter of western Königsberg, Germany. Its territory is now part of the Tsentralny District of Kaliningrad, Russia.
History
Amalienau originally contained the village Hinterhufen (further Hufen) in the western part of the Hufen region northwest of medieval Königsberg. By the middle of the 16th century it was largely deforested. As a result of the Prussian administrative reorganization following the Napoleonic Wars, the region was included within the rural district of Königsberg (Landkreis Königsberg i. Pr.), part of Regierungsbezirk Königsberg in East Prussia, on 1 February 1818.
From 1810-20 the Königsberg commerce councilor Gustav Schnell purchased the various estates around Hinterhufen and united them into a single estate named after their wife, Amalie Schnell (née Gramatzki). In 1858 Amalienau was raised to the status of an estate district (Gutsbezirk) by its owner, Anton Douglas (1817-83). Douglas was married to Charlotte Warschauer and was a brother-in-law of Eduard Simson.
On 3 June 1898 parts of Amalienau were transferred from the rural district of Königsberg (Landkreis Königsberg i. Pr.) into the urban district of Königsberg (Stadtkreis Königsberg i. Pr). The remainder of Amalienau was finally incorporated into the city of Königsberg on 1 April 1905. Neighboring quarters were Ratshof to the west and Mittelhufen to the north and east.
In 1898 Friedrich Heitmann and Joseph Kretschmann, architects and construction officials, founded the Königsberger Immobilien- und Baugesellschaft (Königsberg Real Estate and Building Company). In 1901 they began to develop Amalienau into a villa suburb (Villenvorort or Villenkolonie) for the upper class. North of Amalienau was the estate Klein Amalienau.
Public squares in Amalienau and along the border with Mittelhufen included Skagerrakplatz, Friedrich-Wilhelm-Platz, Luisenplatz, and Ziethenplatz. Churches in the quarter included the Protestant Königin-Luise-Gedächtniskirche (1899) and the Roman Catholic St. Adalbert's (1902).
The Zwillingsteich, consisting of two linked ponds, was created in 1909. An airship hangar was constructed in Amalienau in 1913. An old hammer forge was converted into a cafe and Gasthaus. The football club SV Prussia-Samland Königsberg played at Sportplatz Prussia-Samland on Steffeckstraße on the western outskirts of the quarter.
While most of Königsberg was heavily damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and the 1945 Battle of Königsberg, Amalienau emerged relatively unscathed from World War II, except for some damage to the two churches. Soviet officials often used Amalienau's villas after the war, with many of the buildings maintained in modern Kaliningrad.
Villas
Notable historical villas in Amalienau included:
Villa Heitman of architect Friedrich Heitmann
Villa Krohne of city councillor Theodor Krohne
Villa Leo of Ludwig Leo, owner of the shipping company Marcus Cohn
Villa Lewandowski used by the owners of the industrialists Albrecht & Lewandowski
Villa Aron of the court jeweler D. Aron
Villa Gelbke of painter Georg Hermann Gelbke
Villa Barth of the miner director Barth
Lithuanian General Consulate
Villa Winter of Salomon Winter, owner of a pea husking mill
Villa Krahmer
Villa Mehl of architect Ernst Mehl
Villa Körte of Lord Mayor Siegfried Körte
Villa Schlegelberger of Rudolf Schlegelberger, cofounder of the Norddeutsche Creditanstalt
Landhaus Frick of architect Paul Frick
Doppelvilla Rosencrantz
private preschool of the Rausch siblings
Villa Perkuhn of the official Carl Ludwig Perkuhn
Villa Kayma of Albert Kayma, directory of the Ostmark-Klinik
Villa Neumann of Klaus Neumann
workshop of Gertrud Windelband
Notes
References
Die Villenkolonie Amalienau by Jürgen Freimann
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
Populated places established in 1901
Rear Admiral Roger Charles Moylan-Jones (born 18 April 1940) is a former English cricketer and Royal Navy officer. Moylan-Jones was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm off break. They were born in Torquay, Devon and educated at King Edward VI Grammar School in Totnes.
Moylan-Jones first represented the Royal Navy in cricket in 1959. This was also the year in which they made their Minor Counties Championship debut for Devon against Dorset. An infrequent performer for Devon due to their naval commitments meant they were limited to just 28 appearances for the county between 1959 and 1975, playing their final match for them against the Somerset Second XI. They played just one first-class match, which came for the Combined Services against Oxford University. In the Oxford University first-innings they took their only 2 first-class wickets, those of Maurice Manasseh and Richard Gilliat, for the cost of 36 runs. With the bat they scored 3 runs in the Combined Services first-innings before being dismissed by John Martin and in their second-innings they scored 31 runs, being dismissed this time by Andrew Barker.
In the Royal Navy, Moylan-Jones rose to the rank of rear admiral and later served as the president of the Royal Navy Cricket Club 1993–1995 and Director General Aircraft (Navy) from 1992 to 1995. Moylan-Jones became chairperson of Devon County Cricket Club in 1997, a post they held until 2009 when they stepped down, being replaced by Geoff Evans. Following this they became club president, taking over from the late David Shepherd.
References
External links
Roger Moylan-Jones at ESPNcricinfo
Roger Moylan-Jones at CricketArchive
1940 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Torquay
People educated at Totnes Grammar School
English cricketers
Devon cricketers
Combined Services cricketers
English cricket administrators
Royal Navy officers
Royal Navy rear admirals
Bush highway may refer to:
Bush Highway (Arizona)
President George Bush Turnpike
Lee Ho (; born January 6, 1986) is a South Korean football player
Club career
On November 18, 2008, Lee was one of sixteen priority members to join Gangwon FC. They made their debut for Gangwon against Chunnam Dragons on May 27, 2009 in Gangwon's last league cup match of 2009.
On 5 January 2010, they moved to Daejeon Citizen.
Club career statistics
Honours
Team
Kyunghee University
Korea University Football League MVP: 2008
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
Gangwon FC players
Daejeon Hana Citizen FC players
Ansan Mugunghwa FC players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Lee Ho
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
South Korean expatriates in Thailand
Lee Ho
Association football defenders
People from Gimpo
Sportspeople from Gyeonggi Province
ZBW is a code for Boston Air Route Traffic Control Center
ZBW may also refer to:
German National Library of Economics (German Zentralbibliothek für Wirtschaftswissenschaften)
zbw, the ISO939-3 code for Berawan language
A Z code for "Change to backup frequency no."
Buzh Mehran (, also Romanized as Būzh Mehrān and Būzhmehrān) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,744, in 477 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Ludwig Georg Winter (born 18 January 1778 in Elzach-Prechtal, died 27 March 1838 in Karlsruhe) was a politician from Baden.
Biography
In 1815 Winter joined the Baden Ministry of the Interior as Ministerialrat. In 1830 they became Minister of the Interior of the Grand Duchy, and from 1833 to 1838 they headed the affairs of state in Baden as Minister of State.
They were a prominent figure during the early liberal economic and political reforms in Baden. They campaigned for the correction of the Rhine, the expansion of the Mannheim harbor and the road network, and the construction of the railway network .
In 1830, Ludwig Georg Winter was awarded the Grand Cross of the Zähringer Lion Order. Winter died of a stroke on March 27, 1838.
References
1778 births
1838 deaths
German politicians
18: Eighteen is the debut studio album by Nana Kitade. It was originally released August 24, 2005 in Japan. The album peaked at #16 on the Oricon chart and charted for five weeks. On September 7, Kitade held a special one-man live show, which was titled Nana Kitade Live Showcase '18: Eighteen''', in Shibuya-Ax. First press editions of the album included a ticket to the live show and handshake event. On December 7, they released a DVD called Nana Kitade: 18Movies''. The DVD consists of all their music videos up until this point, clips from their one-man live show, commercials for their releases, and a studio recording of "Kesenai Tsumi". The album was released in the United States on July 11, 2006 through Tofu Records due to increased popularity overseas.
Track listing
Notes
"Utareru Ame" is titled "Break Out" on the U.S. Edition of the album.
Reception
Charts
Sales and certifications
References
External links
Official Website Sony Music Japan
Nana Kitade albums
2005 albums
Canowie is a locality in the Mid North region of South Australia. A town was surveyed in 1865, however little remains of the township today. The current boundaries of the locality were created in 2000. Its name is believed to be derived from Kanya-Owie, the Aboriginal name for a rock waterhole.
A government town at Canowie was surveyed in July 1865, but was declared to have been diminished in December 1930. Canowie Post Office opened on 1 September 1867 and closed on 22 February 1924.
The remnants of the old Canowie Station pastoral lease are now to the north of the locality in Belalie East.
Canowie has the Hallett Power Station gas-fired power station within its bounds, and the Brown Hill part of the Hallett Wind Farm along the western boundary.
References
Towns in South Australia
Plasmodium watteni is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia. As in all Plasmodium species, P. watteni has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals.
Taxonomy
The parasite was first described by Lien and Cross in 1968.
Distribution
This species is found in Taiwan.
Vectors
Not known.
Hosts
The only known host of this species is the Formosan giant flying squirrel (Petaurista petaurista grandis).
References
watteni
Hot Girl or Hot Girls may refer to:
Film and television
"Hot Girl" (The Office), an episode of the American TV series
Hot Girl, a 2018 short film by Erin Richards
Music
"Hot Girl" (R.I.O. song), 2010
"Hot Girl" (Belly song), 2009
"Hot Girl" (Sabrina song), 1987
"Hot Girls", by Lil' Mo, 2004
"Hot Girl", a song by Megan Thee Stallion from the 2018 album Tina Snow
"Hot Girl", a song by Charli XCX for the 2022 film Bodies Bodies Bodies
See also
Hot Girls, Bad Boys, a 1985 album by Bad Boys Blue
"Hot Girls in Love", a 1983 song by Loverboy
"I Need a Hot Girl", a 1999 single by Hot Boys
Evelyn Künneke (15 December 1921 – 28 April 2001) was a German singer and stage, television and film actor. They were the daughter of the famous composer Eduard Künneke.
Selected filmography
Goodbye, Franziska (1941)
Third from the Right (1950)
Maya of the Seven Veils (1951)
Dancing Stars (1952)
The Big Star Parade (1954)
I Was an Ugly Girl (1955)
My Wife Makes Music (1958)
Meine Sorgen möcht' ich haben (1975)
Flaming Hearts (1978)
Just a Gigolo (1978)
The Hamburg Syndrome (1979)
Killer Condom (1996)
References
Bibliography
External links
1921 births
2001 deaths
Actresses from Berlin
German film actores
German stage actores
German television actores
20th-century German women singers
Maple Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Steuben in Oneida County, northwest of Steuben.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Israel Melnikoff (September 22, 1902 – July 10, 1994), known professionally as Robert Mellin, was a Russian Empire-born American composer and lyricist and music publisher. Born in Kyiv and raised in Chicago, where their first job was music plugger at Remick Music. In the early 1940s they moved to New York, where they founded their own company in 1947.
Moving to Europe in the early 1950s, Mellin wrote the music or lyrics for hundreds of songs, including several hits, over the next two decades. Their biggest hit was My One and Only Love written with lyricist Guy Wood. It was recorded by many artists, including Frank Sinatra, Louis Armstrong, Ella Fitzgerald, Chet Baker and (as a duet) John Coltrane and Johnny Hartman. In 1962 Mellin wrote lyrics for Acker Bilk's instrumental Stranger on the Shore, enabling it to be covered by vocal artists.
From the mid-1950s onwards they ran their own music publishing company, Robert Mellin Music, based in London's Tin Pan Alley on Denmark Street. Tony Hatch found their first job there. The company acquired exclusive rights to all film scores coming out of Czechoslovakia and Rumania, as well as many scores from Italy. With Gian-Piero Reverberi Mellin wrote the theme music for the 1964 TV series The Adventures of Robinson Crusoe, which became a hit single, and in 1966 the score for Don Quijote. They also wrote music for films in the 1960s.
Mellin married the songwriter Patricia Rossiter in 1980. They died while on a business trip to Rome at age 91.
Songs
Eddie Fisher: "I'm Yours" (1952) – music and lyrics by Mellin
Frank Sinatra: "My One and Only Love" (1953) – music by Guy Wood, lyrics by Mellin
Ames Brothers: "You, You, You" (1953) – music by Lotar Olias, lyrics by Mellin
Nat King Cole: "My One Sin" (1955) – music by Vittorio Mascheroni, lyrics by Mellin
Frank Sinatra: "Rain (Falling from the Sky)" (1955) – music and lyrics by Mellin and Gunther Finlay
"Stranger on the Shore" (1962) – lyrics by Mellin (original composition by Acker Bilk was an instrumental)
Julie Rogers, Lydia MacDonald: "You Never Told Me" (1966) – music by Piero Piccioni, lyrics by Mellin
References
External links
1902 births
1994 deaths
American male songwriters
Songwriters from Illinois
American music publishers (people)
20th-century American musicians
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Musicians from Chicago
20th-century male musicians
New Hampshire's 14th State Senate district is one of 24 districts in the New Hampshire Senate. It has been represented by Republican Sharon Carson since 2008.
Geography
District 14 covers the towns of Auburn, Hudson, and Londonderry in Hillsborough and Rockingham Counties.
The district is split evenly between New Hampshire's 1st congressional district and New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district. It borders the state of Massachusetts.
Recent election results
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 14
References
14
Hillsborough County, New Hampshire
Rockingham County, New Hampshire
The following is a list of Major League Baseball players, retired or active.
Pa through Pf
References
External links
Last Names starting with P – Baseball-Reference.com
Pa-Pg
Paracobitis salihae is a species of stone loach found in the Euphrates River.
References
salihae
Fish of Asia
Taxa named by Davut Turan
Taxa named by Jörg Freyhof
Fish described in 2020
Incumbents
President: Klaus Iohannis
Prime Minister: Dacian Cioloș
Events
January
29 January – President Klaus Iohannis promulgates a law banning smoking in public areas, two days after the CCR declared it constitutional.
February
5 February – Five people are killed and 28 seriously injured after a bus and a tip lorry collide on the Western Belt of Ploiești.
10 February – Former commander of Râmnicu Sărat Penitentiary Alexandru Vișinescu is sentenced to 20 years imprisonment for crimes against humanity, becoming the first communist torturer to be convicted in Romania.
16 February
The warmest day of February of the last 55 years, with temperatures 18 °C higher than the normal in Bucharest.
Three babies die and several dozens from Prahova, Dolj and Bucharest are hospitalized with HUS-associated symptoms after being infected with a bacterium of unknown provenance.
March
14 March – The death toll of the Colectiv nightclub fire reaches 64, almost five months after the tragedy.
May
9 May – Minister of Health Patriciu Achimaș-Cadariu resigns due to mismanagement of the diluted disinfectants crisis.
12 May – US and NATO officials activate a land-based missile defense station at Deveselu, part of a larger and controversial European shield.
29 May – 20 people are injured after a footbridge breaks during an electoral event in Plopu, Prahova County.
June
1 June – About 10,000 employees in the education system protest in Bucharest, demanding the resignation of the Cioloș Cabinet, dissatisfied with the teacher pay scale proposed by the Government.
5 June – Local elections are held across Romania. The Social Democratic Party comes in first with 38.98% of mayor seats nationwide, including Bucharest, followed by the National Liberal Party with 31.50%.
July
5 June – Prime Minister Dacian Cioloş announces a cabinet shuffle as the four ministers (Education, Transport, Communications and Diaspora) are replaced. The new ministers took office on 7 July.
September
13 September – French President François Hollande begins a one-day state visit to Romania, the first state visit by a French president since François Mitterrand came to Romania in 1991.
24 September – A magnitude 5.3 earthquake strikes Vrancea County, with tremors being felt as far as Bucharest and the Republic of Moldova. This is the largest deep earthquake since 2009.
November
5 November – A 29-car pile-up on Sun Motorway results in four deaths and nearly 60 injuries.
December
2 December – A shooting left at least 3 people dead including the gunman and another 2 were injured. The shooting occurred in Palilula a village in Dolj County.
11 December – 2016 Romanian legislative election
Sports
2 March – 2015–16 Cupa României: 1st leg semi-final
20 April – 2015–16 Cupa Romaniei: 2nd leg semi-final
8 May – CSM București wins the Women's EHF Champions League trophy, after beating Győri Audi ETO KC by a score of 29–26 (13–12, 22–22), after overtime and 7-meter throws, in the final held at the László Papp Sports Arena in Budapest.
14 May – 2016 Cupa României Final
10 June – UEFA Euro 2016 Group A: France v. Romania
15 June – UEFA Euro 2016 Group A: Romania v. Switzerland
19 June – UEFA Euro 2016 Group A: Romania v. Albania
5–21 August – 88 members of the Romanian national team will compete in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Arts and entertainment
Lara Fabian returns to Romania for two new concerts, in Cluj-Napoca, on 20 April, and Bucharest, on 22 April.
22 April – Romania is expelled from the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 after its national broadcaster TVR failed to pay debts dating back to 2007. This is the first time in the 61-year history of the Eurovision Song Contest a country is expelled from the competition.
18–22 May – The seventh edition of International Poetry Festival takes place in Bucharest, having as guests more than 100 poets from more than 20 countries.
11 June – Dutch violinist André Rieu and Johann Strauss Orchestra will concert in Bucharest.
21 June – Queen and Adam Lambert will concert for the first time in Romania, in the Constitution Square of Bucharest.
4–7 August – The second edition of Untold Festival will take place in Cluj-Napoca.
Deaths
January
2 January – George Alexandru, actor (b. 1957)
7 January – Cristian Moisescu, Mayor of Arad (1992–96) (b. 1947)
10 January – Teofil Codreanu, footballer (b. 1941)
12 January – Melania Ursu, actor (b. 1940)
16 January – Theodor Danetti, actor (b. 1926)
17 January – Ion Panțuru, bobsledder (b. 1934)
18 January – Silvia Kerim, journalist and children's books writer (b. 1932)
22 January – Constantin Mihail, athletics coach (b. 1945)
23 January – Elisabeta Polihroniade, chess player (b. 1935)
26 January – Aurora Dumitrescu, history teacher and political prisoner (b. 1932)
27 January – Elena Negreanu, actor and film director (b. 1918)
31 January – Miron Chichișan, Mayor of Zalău (1992–96) (b. 1945)
February
9 February – Alexandru Vulpe, historian and archaeologist, member of Romanian Academy (b. 1931)
10 February – Stan Gheorghiu, football player and coach (b. 1949)
16 February – Mircea Costache II, handball player (b. 1940)
17 February – Gelu Barbu, ballerino and choreographer (b. 1932)
18 February – Rudolf Fischer, historian and linguist (b. 1923)
21 February – Pascal Bentoiu, composer and musicologist (b. 1927)
28 February – Gheorghe Blănaru, writer (b. 1933)
March
3 March – Gheorghe Tokay, politician (b. 1939)
8 March
Chiriac Bucur, writer and diplomat (b. 1932)
Sorin Toma, journalist and politician (b. 1914)
11 March – Iolanda Balaș, Olympic high jumper (b. 1936)
17 March
Solomon Marcus, mathematician, member of Romanian Academy (b 1925)
Paula Sorescu-Lucian, theatre actor (b. 1942)
18 March – Șerban Iliescu, journalist and linguist (b. 1955)
26 March – Radu Mareș, writer (b. 1941)
27 March – Mihail Coculescu, endocrinologist, member of Romanian Academy (b. 1943)
28 March – Petru Mocanu, mathematician, member of Romanian Academy (b. 1931)
30 March – Aristotel Stamatoiu, director of Romanian Intelligence Service (1986–1990) (b. 1929)
April
5 April – Cornel Patrichi, ballerino, choreographer and actor (b. 1944)
6 April – Nicolae Munteanu, sports journalist (b. 1922 or 1923)
7 April – Fane Spoitoru, business person (b. 1959)
8 April – Mircea Albulescu, actor (b. 1934)
13 April – Márton Balázs, mathematician (b. 1929)
21 April – Valeriu Cotea, oenologist, member of Romanian Academy (b. 1926)
25 April
Dumitru Antonescu, footballer (b. 1945)
Neculai Rățoi, Mayor of Pașcani (b. 1939)
29 April – Gianu Bucurescu, director of Securitate (1985–1989) (b. 1934)
May
13 May – Doina Florica Ignat, politician, member of the Senate of Romania (b. 1938)
14 May – Neculai Alexandru Ursu, linguist, philologist and literary historian (b. 1926)
17 May – Alexandru Lăpușan, politician, Minister of Agriculture (b. 1955)
20 May
Vasile Duță, politician, member of the Senate of Romania (b. 1955)
Bogdan Ulmu, theatre director and writer (b. 1951)
22 May – Dan Condrea, business person (b. 1975)
25 May – József Tempfli, Roman Catholic bishop (b. 1931)
26 May – Ted Dumitru, football manager (b. 1939)
30 May – Andrei Ciontu, engineer (b. 1933)
31 May – Mihail Gabriel Corgoja, economist (b. 1977)
June
1 June – Grigore Obreja, sprint canoeist (b. 1967)
5 June – Lucian Gheorghiu, journalist (b. 1955)
6 June – Mihai Dragolea, writer (b. 1955)
8 June
Alexandru Bizim, athletics coach (b. 1934)
Gheorghe Buluță, philologist (b. 1947)
10 June – Nicolae Păsărică, oină player (b. 1955)
11 June – Sigismund Gram, footballer (b. 1933)
13 June
Viorel Mihai Ciobanu, jurist and university professor (b. 1950)
Ioan-Liviu Negruț, politician, member of the Chamber of Deputies of Romania (b. 1937)
14 June – Ilie Călian, journalist (b. 1942)
18 June
Mircea Chiorean, physician, co-founder of SMURD (b. 1933)
Nae Cosmescu, theatre and television director (b. 1940)
19 June
Mihnea Berindei, historian (b. 1948)
Nicolae Bocșan, historian (b. 1947)
Victor Stănculescu, general officer and politician (b. 1928)
July
1 July
Ion Ianoși, writer and essayist (b. 1928)
Gheorghe Drobotă, rugby union player (b. 1934)
2 July – Elie Wiesel, writer, professor, political activist, Nobel laureate and Holocaust survivor (b. 1928)
8 July – Dan Dermengiu, physician (b. 1957)
11 July – Dale Băsescu, actor (b. 1956)
18 July – Medi Wechsler Dinu, painter (b. 1908)
20 July
Radu Beligan, actor (b. 1918)
Nicolae Duță, rugby union player (b. 1943 or 1944)
21 July – Alexandru Jidveianu, singer (b. 1968)
28 July – Constantin Busuioceanu, director, editor and lecturer (b. 1924)
August
1 August – Queen Anne of Romania (b. 1923)
3 August – Paul Gherasim, painter (b. 1925)
4 August – Alexandru Mészáros, footballer (b. 1933)
5 August – Ionel Lupu, dendrologist (b. 1934)
6 August – Iosif Viehmann, speleologist (b. 1925)
7 August – Nicolae Mărășescu, athletics coach and politician (b. 1937)
12 August – Dénes Sándor, professor (b. 1936)
19 August – Adrian Enescu, musician and composer (b. 1948)
21 August – Marin Moraru, actor (b. 1937)
September
1 September – Victoria Darvai, folk singer (b. 1926)
25 September – Niculae Mircovici, officer and politician (b. 1950)
26 September – Ioan Gyuri Pascu, musician and actor (b. 1961)
27 September
Sebastian Papaiani, actor (b. 1936)
Aurelian Preda, folk singer (b. 1970)
October
4 October – Ion Ochinciuc, writer and playwright (b. 1927)
9 October – Marin Petrache Pechea, jazz singer and saxophonist (b. 1944)
19 October – Radu Câmpeanu, politician (b. 1922)
20 October – Valeriu Moisescu, theatre director and university professor (b. 1932)
21 October
Vasile Andru, writer, theoretician and essayist (b. 1942)
Constantin Frățilă, footballer (b. 1942)
25 October
Margit Bara, actor (b. 1928)
Dumitru Boabeș, politician (b. 1951)
27 October – Nicolae Coman, composer, teacher, poet, translator and musicologist (b. 1936)
30 October – Iustinian Chira, bishop (b. 1921)
November
December
8 December – Romulus Rusan, writer (b. 1935)
See also
List of Romanian films of 2016
2016 in the European Union
2016 in Europe
Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016
Romania at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Romania at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Romania at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
References
External links
2010s in Romania
Years of the 21st century in Romania
Romania
Romania
Habarana massacre may refer to:
Aluth Oya massacre (1987), Sri Lanka
2006 Digampathana bombing, Sri Lanka
Jamalabad is a fort in Karnataka, India.
It could also be:
Jamalabad Gojal, Pakistan
Jamalabad or Jemalabad () may also refer to places in Iran:
Ardabil Province
Jamalabad, Ardabil, a village in Meshgin Shahr County
Bushehr Province
Jamalabad, Bushehr
Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
Jamalabad, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari, a village in Kuhrang County
East Azerbaijan Province
Jamalabad, Maragheh, a village in Maragheh County
Jamalabad, Meyaneh, a village in Meyaneh County
Jamalabad, Sarab, a village in Sarab County
Fars Province
Jamalabad, Arsanjan, a village in Arsanjan County
Jamalabad, Bavanat, a village in Bavanat County
Jamalabad, Sarchehan, a village in Bavanat County
Jamalabad, Lamerd, a village in Lamerd County
Jamalabad, Marvdasht, a village in Marvdasht County
Jamalabad, Shiraz, a village in Shiraz County
Gilan Province
Jamalabad-e Hallaj, a village in Rudbar County
Jamalabad-e Kuseh, a village in Rudbar County
Jamalabad-e Nezamivand, a village in Rudbar County
Isfahan Province
Kerman Province
Jamalabad, Anbarabad, a village in Anbarabad County
Jamalabad, Baft, a village in Baft County
Jamalabad, Mahan, a village in Kerman County
Jamalabad, Rudbar-e Jonubi, a village in Rudbar-e Jonubi County
Khuzestan Province
Jamalabad, Khuzestan
Markazi Province
Jamalabad, Arak, Markazi Province
Jamalabad, Mahallat, Markazi Province
Jamalabad, Shazand, Markazi Province
Razavi Khorasan Province
Jamalabad, Razavi Khorasan
Sistan and Baluchestan Province
Jamalabad, Sistan and Baluchestan
Tehran Province
Jamalabad, Tehran, a village in Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran
Jamalabad Rural District, an administrative subdivision of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran
West Azerbaijan Province
Jamalabad, Poldasht, a village in Poldasht County
Jamalabad, Salmas, a village in Salmas County
Jamalabad, Urmia, a village in Urmia County
Yazd Province
Jamalabad, Yazd, a village in Saduq County
See also
Jamilabad (disambiguation)
Horiomyzon retropinnatus is a species of three-barbeled catfish which occurs in the Amazon and Napo Rivers of Brazil and Ecuador. This species reaches a length of SL. It is currently the only recognized species in its genus.
References
Heptapteridae
Monotypic fish genera
Fish of South America
Fish of Ecuador
Fish of Brazil
Fish of the Amazon basin
Fish described in 1986
Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biotechnology company based in Carlsbad, California, that specializes in discovering and developing RNA-targeted therapeutics. The company has 3 commercially approved medicines: Spinraza (Nusinersen), Tegsedi (Inotersen), and Waylivra (Volanesorsen) and has 4 drugs in pivotal studies: tominersen for Huntington's disease, tofersen for SOD1-ALS, AKCEA-APO(a)-LRx for cardiovascular disease, and AKCEA-TTR-LRx for all forms of TTR amyloidosis.
The company was named Isis Pharmaceuticals until December 2015.
History
The company was founded in 1989 as Isis Pharmaceuticals by Stanley T. Crooke, a former head of research of GlaxoSmithKline, with a goal to commercialize antisense therapy.
In 1992, for a genital warts drug candidate, the company received its first approval by the Food and Drug Administration for an investigational new drug application in 1992, marking the first time any antisense therapy was approved to be tested in humans.
In 1995, the genital warts drug failed in clinical trials and Isis terminated development. By that time, Gilead Sciences and Genta had left the antisense therapy field, leaving only Isis, Hybridon, and Lynx Therapeutics working in the field. Gilead sold the patents it had developed around antisense to Isis.
In December 2015, Isis changed its name to Ionis, driven in part by the negative image of "Isis" generated by the terrorist group, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, commonly known as ISIL or ISIS.
In 2017, the company completed the corporate spin-off of its rare lipid disorder subsidiary Akcea Therapeutics.
Products
The company's first marketed drug was fomivirsen (Vitravene, used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV) in immunocompromised patients, including those with AIDS. It was discovered at the NIH and was licensed and initially developed by Isis, which subsequently licensed it to Novartis. It was approved by the FDA for CMV in Aug 1998, the first antisense drug that was approved. Novartis withdrew the marketing authorization for fomivirsen in the EU in 2002 and in the US in 2006. While the rising incidence of CMV in people with AIDS initially created a need for drugs that treated this virus, the drug was withdrawn because the development of HAART dramatically reduced the number of cases of CMV.
The antisense field anticipated that the approval of fomivirsen marked the beginning of a new age of antisense drug treatments, that would be similar to the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapy, but the next FDA approval of an antisense drug came in 2013. Part of what held up all companies in the field was the way that the oligomers were chemically modified to prevent hydrolysis also reduced affinity to the antisense molecules' targets; by 2004 the field was shifting to second generation modifications. Clinical trials of antisense therapeutics by all companies in the early 2000s were also plagued by lack of efficacy and immune reactions to drug candidates. Isis cut its workforce by 40% in 2005 due to weak sales of fomivirsen and lack of confidence by the market in antisense technology.
In 2007, Isis and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, which focuses on RNA interference, formed a 50/50 joint venture, Regulus Therapeutics, to apply their intellectual property and knowledge around oligomer biotherapeutics to micro-RNA targets.
In 2008, Isis and Genzyme entered into a partnered drug candidate mipomersen (Kynamro), intended to treat homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, and other drug candidates ; the deal included Genzyme buying $150 million of Isis stock and paying a $175 million license fee, as well as milestone fees and royalties. Mipomersen was rejected by the European Medicines Agency in 2012 and again in 2013; it was approved by the FDA in 2013. In January 2016 Ionis terminated its arrangement with Genzyme, stating that the drug had been poorly marketed. In May 2016, Ionis licensed the rights to the drug to Kastle Therapeutics for $15 million upfront with another $10 million due in May 2019, up to $70 million in milestones based on sales, and royalties, with Ionis opaying 3% royalty and 3% of non-cash royalty it receives to Genzyme. Mipomersen has still not been approved in Europe.
In December 2016, Ionis' drug nusinersen (Spinraza) was approved by the FDA. It had been discovered in a collaboration between Adrian Krainer at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and Ionis (then Isis) and preclinical work was done at University of Massachusetts. The drug was initially developed by Ionis, which partnered with Biogen on development starting in 2012; in 2015 Biogen acquired an exclusive license to the drug for a $75 million license fee, milestone payments up to $150M, and tiered royalties between 10 and 15% thereafter; Biogen also paid for all development subsequent to taking the license. The license to Biogen included licenses to intellectual property that Ionis had acquired from Cold Spring Harbor and University of Massachusetts.
As of December 2016, Ionis had ten candidates for various liver diseases in clinical trials and a drug it discovered, alicaforsen, was in a Phase III trial run by another company. It also had a huntingtin gene-lowering antisense molecule for Huntington's disease in clinical trial.
References
External links
Biotechnology companies of the United States
Biotechnology companies established in 1989
Huntington's disease
Spinal muscular atrophy
Antisense RNA
Health care companies based in California
Companies based in Carlsbad, California
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
The 1965 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1965 NCAA University Division football season. It was the Tigers' 74th overall and 32nd season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in their 15th year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished with a record of five wins, five losses and one tie (5–5–1 overall, 4–1–1 in the SEC) and with a loss against Ole Miss in the Liberty Bowl.
Schedule
Source: 1965 Auburn football schedule
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
Life Is Sweet may refer to:
Life Is Sweet (film), a 1990 film by Mike Leigh
Music
Life Is Sweet (album), a 1996 album by Maria McKee
Life Is Sweet, an album by The Lodger
"Life Is Sweet" (song), a 1995 song by The Chemical Brothers
"Life Is Sweet", a song by Natalie Merchant on the album Ophelia
Life Is Sweet! Nice to Meet You, a 2010 album by Lightspeed Champion
Other
Life Is Sweet (horse) (born 2005), winner of the 2009 Breeders' Cup Ladies' Classic
Britt Herbots (born 24 September 1999) is a Belgian volleyball player. They play for the Belgium women's volleyball team. Professionally, they play for Italian Series A1 club Firenze.
Personal life
Herbots grew up in Sint-Truiden, Belgium. Them mother and father both coached volleyball.
International career
Clubs
2014–2015 – Topsportschool Vilvoorde
2015–2017 – Asterix Avo
2017–2018 – ASPTT Mulhouse
2018–2020 – Busto
2020–2022 – Novara
2022–present – Firenze
In 2015 at age 16, Herbots joined their country's top club of Asterix and within two seasons they won two Belgian Championship titles and two Cups, as well as a Supercup. After playing in France for one season, they began their career in Italy's top league when they signed with Busto. They named CEV Cup MVP.
National team
Herbots played for Belgium's youth national team and officially joined the senior national team in 2016 at 17 years old.
Herbots was statistically the best scorer at the 2021 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League tournament. Herbots scored 30 points or more in a single VNL match during the tournament four times. Herbots is also representing Belgium in the 2022 FIVB Volleyball Women's Nations League, and notably scored 31 points in a loss to Serbia.
Honors and awards
Club
2015–2016 Belgian Super Cup – Silver Medal, with Asterix Avo
2015–2016 Belgian Cup – Gold Medal, with Asterix Avo
2015–2016 Belgian Liga A – Champions, with Asterix Avo
2016–2017 Belgian Super Cup – Gold Medal, with Asterix Avo
2016–2017 Belgian Cup – Gold Medal, with Asterix Avo
2016–2017 Belgian Liga A – Champions, with Asterix Avo
2017–2018 French Super Cup - Gold Medal, with ASPTT Mulhouse
2017–2018 French League - Bronze Medal, with ASPTT Mulhouse
2017–2018 French Cup - Bronze Medal, with ASPTT Mulhouse
2018–2019 CEV Cup – Champions, with Busto
2018–2019 Italian Cup – Bronze Medal, with Busto
2018–2019 Italian Cup – Silver Medal, with Busto
2020–2021 Italian Super Cup – Bronze Medal, with Novara
2020–2021 Italian Cup – Silver Medal, with Novara
2020–2021 CEV Champions League – Bronze Medal, with Novara
2020–2021 Italian Series A1 – Silver Medal, with Novara
2021–2022 Italian Super Cup – Silver Medal, with Novara
2021–2022 Italian Cup – Silver Medal, with Novara
2021–2022 Italian Series A1 – Bronze Medal, with Novara
Individual
2015 Girls' Youth European Volleyball Championship – Best Opposite
2015 Girls' Youth European Volleyball Championship – Best Server
2015 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival – Most Valuable Player
2015–2016 Belgian Cup – Best Scorer
2015–2016 Belgian Cup – Best Spiker
2015–2016 Belgian Cup – Most Valuable Player
2015–2016 Belgian Cup – Best Opposite
2016–2017 Belgian Cup – Most Valuable Player
2016–2017 Belgian Cup – Best Scorer
2016–2017 Belgian Cup – Best Outside Hitter
2016–2017 Belgian Liga A – Most Valuable Player
2016–2017 Belgian Liga A – Best Scorer
2016–2017 Belgian Liga A – Best Outside Hitter
2017–2018 French Super Cup - Most Valuable Player
2017–2018 French League - Best Outside Hitter
2017–2018 French League - Most Valuable Player
2017–2018 French Cup - Best Outside Hitter
2018–19 CEV Cup – Most Valuable Player
2018–19 CEV Cup – Best Outside Hitter
2020 European Olympic Qualification – Best Server
References
1999 births
Living people
Belgian women's volleyball players
Outside hitters
Opposite hitters
Serie A1 (women's volleyball) players
Expatriate volleyball players in Italy
Expatriate volleyball players in France
Sportspeople from Limburg (Belgium)
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in France
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Slapstick films are comedy films where physical comedy that includes pratfalls, tripping, falling, practical jokes, and mistakes are highlighted over dialogue, plot and character development. The physical comedy in these films contains a cartoonish style of violence that is predominantly harmless and goofy in tone.
Silent film had slapstick comedies that included the films starring Buster Keaton, Charlie Chaplin, the Keystone Cops and Harold Lloyd. These comedians often laced their slapstick with social commentary while comedians such as Abbott and Costello, Laurel and Hardy and The Three Stooges did not contain these social messages. Slapstick is about uninhibited action and timing, which may include being made to look foolish or to act with tom foolery.
There were fewer slapstick comedies produced at the advent of sound film. After World War II, the genre resurfaced in France with films by Jacques Tati and in the United States with films It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World and The Great Race, starring the stoic, aloof and mild mannered Buster Keaton, also known as "The Great Stone Face", as well as the films of comedians like Jerry Lewis.
Slapstick films and television series
Slapstick films and television series include:
1910s======1920s======1930s======1940s======1960s======1950s
The Rink (1916)
The Scarecrow (1920)
Safety Last! (1923)
Sherlock Jr. (1924)
The General (1926)
Big Business (1929)
Mickey Mouse (1929–1953)
Looney Tunes (1930–1969, 1980–present)
Merrie Melodies (1931–1969)
Lightning Strikes Twice (1935)
Way Out West (1937)
Donald Duck (1937–1965)
Whistling in the Dark (1941)
Crazy Knights (1944)
Tom and Jerry (1940–present)
Fancy Pants (1950)
The Fuller Brush Girl (1950)
Mr. Hulot's Holiday (1953)
The Court Jester (1953)
Just My Luck (1957)
Mon Oncle (1958)
Have Rocket, Will Travel (1959)
The Battle of the Sexes (1959)
The Bellboy (1960)
The Absent-Minded Professor (1961)
One Hundred and One Dalmatians (1961)
The Ladies Man (1961)
Two Way Stretch (1960)
Everything's Ducky (1961)
The Errand Boy (1961)
Invasion Quartet (1961)
It's Only Money (1962)
On the Beat (1962)
The Notorious Landlady (1962)
Who's Minding the Store? (1963)
Carry on Spying (1964)
Advance to the Rear (1964)
Carry on Cleo (1964)
Man's Favorite Sport? (1964)
The Disorderly Orderly (1964)
The Great Race (1965)
Batman (1966)
That Riviera Touch (1966)
Three on a Couch (1966)
Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number! (1966)
Carry on Doctor (1967)
Carry on Again, Doctor (1967)
The Magnificent Two (1967)
Who Wants to Kill Jessie? (1966)
The Glass Bottom Boat (1966)
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum (1966)
It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963)
The Party (1968)
Inspector Clouseau (1968)
Blackbeard's Ghost (1968)
1970s======1980s======1990s
The Boatniks (1970)
Bananas (1971)
Evil Roy Slade (1972)
Carry On Abroad (1972)
My Name Is Nobody (1973)
Mr. Hercules Against Karate (1973)
Sleeper (1973)
Alice Goodbody (1974)
Blazing Saddles (1974)
The Fortune (1975)
Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975)
Slap Shot (1977)
Up in Smoke (1978)
The Jerk (1979)
1941 (1979)
The Kentucky Fried Movie (1979)
Airplane! (1980)
Hardly Working (1981), surreal slapstick
The Gods Must Be Crazy (1981)
History of the World, Part I (1981)
Airplane II: The Sequel
Mr. Vampire (1986), horror-comedy
Club Paradise (1986)
Stoogemania (1986)
Big Trouble in Little China (1986)
Spaceballs (1987)
Munchies (1987), horror-comedy
Beetlejuice (1988), horror-comedy
The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! (1988)
Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988)
Garfield and Friends (1988)
Slime City (1988)
The Wrong Guys (1988)
Arthur 2 (1988)
I'm Gonna Git You Sucka (1988)
See No Evil, Hear No Evil (1989)
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation (1989)
UHF (1989)
Sweet Home (1989)
Major League (1989)
The Simpsons (1989–present)
Tiny Toon Adventures (1990–1993)
Home Alone (1990)
Gremlins 2: The New Batch (1990)
Problem Child (1990)
Problem Child 2 (1991)
Repossessed (1990)
The Addams Family (1991)
The Naked Gun : The Smell of Fear (1991)
Drop Dead Fred (1991)
Darkwing Duck (1991)
The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991)
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze (1991)
Ghoulies III: Ghoulies Go to College (1991)
Hot Shots! (1991)
Revenge of the Nerds III: The Next Generation, 1992
Aladdin (1992)
Home Alone 2: Lost in New York (1992)
Super Dave: Daredevil for Hire (1992)
Eek the Cat (1992)
Addams Family Values (1993)
Army of Darkness (1993)
Beverly Hillbillies (1993)
Dennis the Menace (1993)
Hocus Pocus (1993)
Robin Hood: Men in Tights (1993)
Surf Ninjas (1993)
Rocko's Modern Life (1993)
Bonkers (1993)
Animaniacs (1993–1998)
2 Stupid Dogs (1993)
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III (1993)
Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)
Police Academy 5 (1993)
Coneheads (1993)
Cannibal! The Musical (1993)
Ace Ventura: Pet Detective (1994)
Baby's Day Out (1994)
Revenge of the Nerds IV: Nerds in Love (1994)
Dumb and Dumber (1994)
The Mask (1994)
Naked Gun : The Final Insult (1994)
The Santa Clause (1994)
In the Army Now (1994)
Major League II (1994)
The Shnookums and Meat Funny Cartoon Show (1995)
Timon & Pumbaa (1995)
Earthworm Jim (1995)
Dracula: Dead and Loving It (1995)
Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls (1995)
Casper (1995)
Happy Gilmore (1996)
Spy Hard (1996)
The Spooktacular New Adventures of Casper (1996)
The Nutty Professor (1996)
Space Jam (1996)
Black Sheep (1996)
101 Dalmatians (1996)
Bio-Dome (1996)
Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood (1996)
George of the Jungle (1997)
Flubber (1997)
Hercules (1997)
Home Alone 3 (1997)
Liar Liar (1997)
MouseHunt (1997)
Mr. Magoo (1997)
Cow and Chicken (1997)
I Am Weasel (1997)
Austin Powers (1997)
The Angry Beavers (1997)
Orgazmo (1997)
There's Something About Mary (1998)
Le Dîner de Cons (1998)
Wrongfully Accused (1998)
Histeria! (1998)
CatDog (1998)
Oggy and the Cockroaches (1998–present)
The Waterboy (1998)
Inspector Gadget (1999)
Guest House Paradiso (1999)
The New Woody Woodpecker Show (1999–2002)
Family Guy (1999–present)
SpongeBob SquarePants (1999–present)
Ed, Edd n Eddy (1999–2009)
Courage the Cowardly Dog (1999)
Dudley Do-Right (1999)
Rock N Roll Frankenstein (1999)
TBA======2000s======2010s======2020s
Tiny Toons Looniversity (TBA)
Meet The Parents (2000)
102 Dalmatians (2000)
The Emperor's New Groove (2000)
Scary Movie (2000), horror-comedy
Teacher's Pet (2000)
Big Money Hustlas (2000)
I Am Sam (2001)
2001: A Space Travesty (2001)
La Tour Montparnasse Infernale (2001)
Shrek (2001)
Rat Race (2001)
Elvira's Haunted Hills (2001)
Jimmy Neutron Boy Genius (2001)
Monsters, Inc. (2001)
The Fairly OddParents (2001–2017)
Scary Movie 2 (2001), horror-comedy
Super Troopers (2001)
Tomcats (2001), gross-out, sex-comedy
Zoolander (2001)
Joe Dirt (2001)
Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth (2000), horror-comedy
Kung Pow! Enter the Fist (2002)
Home Alone 4 (2002)
Larryboy (2002)
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron, Boy Genius (2002)
Scary Movie 3 (2003), horror-comedy
The Cat in the Hat (2003)
Leprechaun 6: Back 2 Tha Hood (2003), horror-comedy
Looney Tunes: Back in Action (2003)
The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy (2003–2007)
Evil Con Carne (2003–2004)
White Chicks (2004)
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi (2004)
Shrek 2 (2004)
Camp Lazlo (2005)
Catscratch (2005)
My Gym Partner's a Monkey (2005)
Night at the Museum (2006)
The Pink Panther (2006)
Scary Movie 4 (2006), horror-comedy
Evil Aliens (2006), horror-comedy
Shrek The Third (2007)
Epic Movie (2007)
Kickin' It Old Skool (2007)
Back at the Barnyard (2007)
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera (2007)
Meet the Spartans (2008)
Superhero Movie (2008)
Balls Out: The Gary Houseman Story (2008)
Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian (2009)
The Pink Panther 2 (2009)
Suck (2009)
Bibi Blocksberg (2009)
Black Dynamite (2009)
Shrek Forever After (2010)
Zig and Sharko (2010–present)
Furry Vengeance (2010)
T.U.F.F. Puppy (2010–2015)
Grown Ups (2010)
Vampires Suck (2010)
My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic (2010–2019)
Strawberry Shortcake's Berry Bitty Adventures (2010-2015)
Big Money Rustlas (2010)
Johnny English Reborn (2011)
The Amazing World of Gumball (2011)
Jack and Jill (2011)
The Three Stooges (2012)
Home Alone: The Holiday Heist (2012)
That's My Boy (2012)
Littlest Pet Shop (2012-2016)
A Haunted House (2013)
Scary Movie 5 (2013)
Grown Ups 2 (2013)
Mickey Mouse (2013)
Dumb and Dumber To (2014)
A Haunted House 2 (2014)
The Tom and Jerry Show (2014)
A Million Ways to Die in the West (2014)
Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb (2014)
Kamen Rider × Kamen Rider Drive & Gaim: Movie War Full Throttle (2014)
Vacation (2015)
New Looney Tunes (2015)
Superfast! (2015)
La Tour 2 contrôle infernale (2016)
Grimsby (2016)
Fifty Shades of Black (2016)
Bunnicula (2016)
The Death of Stalin (2017)
Woody Woodpecker (2017)
Bunsen is a Beast (2017)
Chuck's Choice (2017)
Unikitty! (2017–2020)
Harvey Girls Forever! (2018–2020)
Woody Woodpecker (2018)
Johnny English Strikes Again (2018)
Total Dhamaal (2019)
The Wonderful World of Mickey Mouse (2020–present)
Looney Tunes Cartoons (2020–present)
Animaniacs (2020–present)
Tom and Jerry Special Shorts (2021)
Space Jam A New Legacy (2021)
Jellystone! (2021–present)
Jackass Forever (2022)
The Cuphead Show (2022)
See also
List of slapstick comedy topics
Slapstick, the eponymous device, used by Harlequin in Commedia
Mo lei tau, a genre of slapstick comedy in Hong Kong cinema
References
Film genres
he:סלפסטיק
ja:スラップスティック・コメディ映画
Atomica may refer to:
Rhonda Piñeda/Atomica, fictional comic book female superhero Rhonda Piñeda, a member of the Crime Syndicate, operating under the name Atomica
Atomica (film), 2017 American science-fiction thriller film directed by Dagen Merrill and starring Dominic Monaghan
See also
Atomika (disambiguation)
Spring Coulee is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Cardston County, located east of Highway 5, approximately southwest of Lethbridge.
History
Spring Coulee once boasted a general store, a hotel, three grain elevators, a pool hall, a bank, a United Church, a community hall, a school and a few other businesses. Over time, as the farms around the hamlet became larger and people started moving away, Spring Coulee dwindled somewhat. The general store still stands but is in disrepair and has not been open for almost 15 years. The hotel, grain elevators, pool hall, bank and community hall have all been torn down. The United Church building was moved to near Glenwood and has been converted into a private home. The old four-room school still stands and has also been converted into a private home.
The two main landmarks of the hamlet today are a seed cleaning plant and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
There is still a sense of community among the hamlet's residents. Spring Coulee Day still happens on the church grounds every summer. There is the potential for Spring Coulee to accommodate new growth as its hamlet boundaries were recently extended.
Demographics
The population of Spring Coulee according to the 2008 municipal census conducted by Cardston County is 43.
Notable people
Hugh B. Brown (1883-1975), cowboy, rancher, farmer, Canadian military officer, lawyer, oil company executive, politician, LDS Church leader
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Cardston County
Hamlets in Alberta
Eugenia M. Clinchard (July 5, 1904 – May 15, 1989) was an American child actor of the silent film era of the early 20th century. They appeared in numerous films by Essanay Studios, including eleven Western films starring Broncho Billy Anderson. They were the mother of radio host Wally George, whose daughter is actor Rebecca De Mornay.
Early life
Clinchard was the daughter of Frederick Balbach Clinchard and their wife Elsie B. (née Honnef), and was born on July 5, 1904 in Alameda County, California, where the family was living in 1910. Clinchard was raised in Oakland, California. They had one brother named Frederick "Fred" Clinchard. Them father was originally from the Seattle, Washington area.
In their late teens, they met and married a shipping company owner, Walter G Pearch. With him, they gave birth to a son, George Walter Pearch, also known as Wally George, the "Father of Combat TV." They were the grandmother of actor Rebecca De Mornay and musician Lizzie Grey. In their later years, they lived in Sherman Oaks, California.
Career
Clinchard began acting at age 3, and by age 5 they were working the Vaudeville circuit throughout the San Francisco Bay Area. Around this time, they caught the eye of Broncho Billy Anderson, credited with starting the western genre of film in Hollywood, and they joined their Essanay Studios. Clinchard went on to play a part in eleven Broncho Billy silent films, including Broncho Billy and the Sheriff's Kid and A Child of the West.
Death
Clinchard died in Panorama City, Los Angeles, California on May 15, 1989.
References
External links
1904 births
1989 deaths
American child actores
American film actores
American silent film actores
Vaudeville performers
Actresses from Oakland, California
20th-century American actores
People from Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles
Qu (). While the character 曲 is often pronounced Qǔ (first tone) in Modern Mandarin, the surname is pronounced Qū in the first tone. It is written Khúc in Vietnamese.
Notable people
Wanting Qu (Chinese: 曲婉婷, 1983-) simply known as Wanting, is a Chinese-born singer-songwriter and pianist who is based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Khúc Thừa Dụ (Chinese: 曲承裕; pinyin: Qū Chéngyù) or Khúc Tiên Chủ (曲先主; Qū Xiānzhǔ) (?–907) was a Vietnamese Jiedushi of Vietnam and Jinghai-jun (Tĩnh Hải quân), in the early 10th century
Qu Bo (Chinese: 曲波, 1981- ) a retired Chinese footballer
Qu Yunxia (simplified Chinese: 曲云霞 1972 -) a Chinese Olympic athlete who specialized in the 1500 metres
Qu Bo (writer) (Chinese: 曲波; pinyin: Qū Bō; 1923–2002) was a Chinese novelist
Qu Tongfeng ( 1873–1929) a general who served Yuan Shikai and the Anhui clique
Qu Xiaohui (Chinese: 曲晓辉; born 10 March 1987 in Dalian) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Boyoung in the China League Two
Qu Feifei (; born May 18, 1982 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
See also
Khúc clan
Chinese Surnames
Han Chinese
Kinh people
Chinese-language surnames
Individual Chinese surnames
Shiv Charan Mathur (14 February 1927 – 25 June 2009) was an Indian politician. A leader of the Indian National Congress, they were Chief Minister of Rajasthan from 1981 to 1985 and again from 1988 to 1989; later, they were Governor of Assam from 2008 to 2009.
Mathur became Chief Minister of Rajasthan on 14 July 1981 and held that post until 23 February 1985. The killing of Raja Man Singh, the then titular head of the erstwhile princely state of Bharatpur caused a political storm, leading to their resignation. Subsequently, they became Chief Minister again from 20 January 1988 to 4 December 1989. In 2003 they were elected as a MLA from Mandalgarh (Bhilwara).
Appointed Governor of Assam in 2008, they remained in that post until their death from cardiac arrest on 25 June 2009.
Positions held
General Secretary, Rajasthan Students Congress (1945–1947)
Chairman, Municipal Board, Bhilwara (1956–57)
Member of Rajasthan Pradesh Congress Committee (1967)
Member of All India Congress Committee (1972-till date)
Pramukh, Zila Parishad, Bhilwara (1960–64)
Member Third Lok Sabha (1964–1967)
Member, Rajasthan State Legislative Assembly (1967–72, 1972–77, 1980–85, 1985–90, 1990–91, 1998–2003, 2003-)
Chairman Public Undertakings Committee of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly (1980–81)
Convenor, Rules Committee of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly (1985–87)
Chairman, Subordinate Legislation Committee of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly (1987–88)
Minister for Education, Power, PWD, Public Relations in the Rajasthan Cabinet (1967–72)
Minister for Food and Civil Supplies, Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Dairy and Planning in the Rajasthan Cabinet (1973–77)
Chief Minister of Rajasthan (1981–85 and 1988–89)
Member, Tenth Lok Sabha (1991–96)
Chairman, Committee on Privileges, Lok Sabha, (1991–96)
Convenor of Sub-Committee on Energy, Lok Sabha (1994–96)
Member, Executive Committee, Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (1994–96)
Life Chairman, Social Policy Research Institute, Jaipur (1985)
Chairman, Estimates Committee, Rajasthan Legislative Assembly (1998–2003)
Chairman, Administrative Reforms Commission Rajasthan (1999–2003)
Member, Rules Committee of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly (2004)
References
External links
Shiv charan Mathur Dead
Photographs of Former Chief Ministers of Rajasthan
Mr S C Mathur sworn as Assam Governor
1927 births
2009 deaths
Chief Ministers of Rajasthan
Rajasthani people
Governors of Assam
India MPs 1991–1996
Lok Sabha members from Rajasthan
People from Bhilwara
Chief ministers from Indian National Congress
India MPs 1962–1967
Indian National Congress politicians from Rajasthan
Rajasthan MLAs 1967–1972
Rajasthan MLAs 1972–1977
Rajasthan MLAs 1980–1985
Rajasthan MLAs 1990–1992
Rajasthan MLAs 1998–2003
Rajasthan MLAs 2003–2008
Vedea is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of nineteen villages: Bădicea, Blejani, Burețești, Chirițești, Chițani, Ciurești, Dincani, Fata, Frătici, Izvoru de Jos, Izvoru de Sus, Lungani, Mogoșești, Prodani, Rățoi, Vața, Vârșești, Vedea and Vețișoara.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Le Chabanais was one of the best known and most luxurious brothels in Paris, operating near the Louvre at 12 rue Chabanais from 1878 until 1946, when brothels were outlawed in France. It was founded by the Irish-born Madame Kelly, who was closely acquainted with several members at the Jockey-Club de Paris. Among the habituées were Albert, Prince of Wales (later Edward VII of the United Kingdom); Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec; Cary Grant; Humphrey Bogart, Mae West and diplomatic guests of the French government.
History
The brothel, famous enough to warrant mentioning in the 7-volume encyclopaedia of 1904, was founded by the Irish-born Madame Kelly (real name Alexandrine Joannet, or possibly Jouannet), who was closely associated with several members at the prestigious Jockey-Club de Paris. They sold shares in the profitable business to wealthy anonymous investors. The total cost of the establishment was reported to be the exorbitant sum of 1.7 million francs. The entrance hall was designed as a bare stone cave; the bedrooms were lavishly decorated, many in their own style: Moorish, Hindu, Japanese, Pompeii and Louis XVI. The Japanese room won a design prize at the 1900 World Fair in Paris. Madame Kelly died in 1899.
Post-World War I
In the mid-1920s, Le Chabanais was overtaken by the One Two Two (fr) as the top luxury brothel in Paris.
World War II
During the World War II German occupation of France, 20 top Paris brothels, including Le Chabanais, Le Sphinx, One-Two-Two, La Fleur blanche (fr), La rue des Moulins, and Chez Marguerite, were reserved by the Wehrmacht for German officers and collaborating Frenchmen. The brothels flourished and Hermann Göring visited Le Chabanais, as is related in the 2009 two-volume book 1940–1945 Années Erotiques by Patrick Buisson.
Post-World War II
The French legal brothels, known as or , were closed by law in 1946, after a campaign by Marthe Richard. The backlash against the brothels was in part due to their collaboration with the Germans. A 2002 survey showed that, despite the fact that 64% of French people thought that prostitution was "a degrading practice for the image and the dignity of the woman (or the man)", nearly two-thirds believed that reopening the brothels would be a good idea.
Closure and auction
On 8 May 1951, the contents of La Chabanais were sold at auction by Maurice Rheims, publicly revealing the furnishings, furniture and equipment including Edward VII's and their copper champagne bath decorated with a sphinx. The bath was bought for 110,500 francs by the antiques dealer Jacob Street and was acquired in 1972 by Salvador Dalí, who placed it in their room at the Hotel Meurice.
Notable visitors
The French government sometimes included a visit to Le Chabanais as part of the programme for foreign guests of state, disguising it as "visit with the President of the Senate" in the official programme at the opening of the World's Fair in 1889.
Prominent visitors included King Carlos I of Portugal; Jagatjit Singh, Maharaja of Kapurthala; writer Pierre Louÿs; Cary Grant; Humphrey Bogart; Mae West; Roscoe Arbuckle, and Marlène Dietrich on the arm of Erich Maria Remarque.
Toulouse-Lautrec
The artist Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec was a frequent visitor; they painted 16 tableaux for the house, now held in private collections.
Guy de Maupassant
The author Guy de Maupassant built a copy of the Moorish room in their mansion at the sea, so that they would not have to miss it during their vacations.
Edward - Prince of Wales
Prince Edward, Prince of Wales, who would later become King Edward VII of the United Kingdom (nicknamed "Bertie"), often visited during the 1880s and 1890s. One room carried their coat of arms over the bed and a large copper bath-tub with a half-woman-half-swan figurehead, which they liked to fill with champagne and which, in 1951 after the closure, Salvador Dalí bought for 112,000 francs. Edward, who was heavily overweight, also had a "Love chair" () manufactured by Louis Soubrier, a cabinetmaker of the Rue du Faubourg Saint-Antoine, allowing easy access for oral and other forms of sex with several participants.
Modern usage
Today, the six-story building previously housing Le Chabanais is used as an apartment house.
Musée de l'Erotisme
While it was open, the Musée de l'Erotisme in Pigalle devoted one floor to the , exhibiting , a collection of short erotic silent movies that were used to entertain brothel visitors, and copies of , a contemporary brothel guide that also carried advertising. The 2003 BBC Four documentary Storyville – Paris Brothel describes the and contains footage of the Chabanais. A replica of Edward's love seat is exhibited in a Prague sex museum; the original was sold at auction in 1996 to a private party.
Exhibition
An exhibition about historical Paris brothels took place in a gallery across the street from the building at 12 rue Chabanais from November 2009 to January 2010.
See also
Prostitution in France
Parisian Brothels
References
External links
Contemporary photos of the Chabanais
Brothels in Paris
History of Paris
Buildings and structures in Paris
Bachrach Studios is an American photographic studio, believed to be one of the oldest continuously operating photography studios in the world.
History
It was founded in Baltimore in 1868 by David Bachrach, Jr.
The studio's founder, David Bachrach, took the only photo of Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address. The studio has photographed every US Head of State since then, its founder having made it a goal to photograph all the important people they could. They sought and received permission to photograph such notables as Charles Lindbergh and Calvin Coolidge. The studio went on to produce portraits of Albert Einstein, Thomas Edison, Henry Ford, Eleanor Roosevelt, Douglas Dobson, and Muhammad Ali, among others.
In 1919 the company hired Paul Gittings, who opened and managed Bachrach Studios in Texas. Bachrach Studio had forty-eight locations throughout the United States at its height in 1929. During the Great Depression, Bachrach scaled down the company and sold the Texas studios to Gittings.
Bachrach Studios remains a family business as of 2010.
See also
Louis Fabian Bachrach, Jr.
References
Further reading
The Bolivian Times (weekly newspaper), June 18, 1998
History of Bachrach Studios
External links
Photographic studios
19th-century American photographers
Companies based in Baltimore
History of Baltimore
American companies established in 1868
Publishing companies established in 1868
1868 establishments in Maryland
Photography companies of the United States
Women's Combined World Cup 2004/2005
Final point standings
In Women's Combined World Cup 2004/05 only one competition was held.
Note:
Not all points were awarded (not enough finishers).
Women's Combined Team Results
bold indicate the highest score - italics indicate race win
References
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup women's combined discipline titles
Frank Pitchford (c. 1935 – January 1990) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Oldham and Wigan as a , i.e. number 7.
Playing career
International honours
Frank Pitchford won a cap for England while at Oldham in 1955 against Other Nationalities, and won caps for Great Britain while at Oldham in 1958 against New Zealand, and in 1962 against France.
County Cup Final appearances
About Frank Pitchford's time, there was Oldham's 2-12 defeat by Barrow in the 1954 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1954–55 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 23 October 1954, the 10-3 victory over St. Helens in the 1956 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1956–57 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 20 October 1956, and the 12-2 victory over St. Helens in the 1958 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1958–59 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 25 October 1958, they played , and scored a try in Oldham's 13-8 victory over Wigan in the 1957 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1957–58 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 19 October 1957.
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) RUGBY LEAGUE FINAL 1963
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
1930s births
1990 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Oldham R.L.F.C. players
Place of birth missing
Rugby league halfbacks
Wigan Warriors players
Aghili or Aghily may refer to:
Shadmehr Aghili (born 1973), Iranian singer
Hadi Aghily (born 1981), Iranian footballer
Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran
Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District, Aghili District
Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District, Aghili District
This is the results breakdown of the local elections held in the Community of Madrid on 26 May 2019. The following tables show detailed results in the autonomous community's most populous municipalities, sorted alphabetically.
Opinion polls
City control
The following table lists party control in the most populous municipalities, including provincial capitals (shown in bold). Gains for a party are displayed with the cell's background shaded in that party's colour.
Municipalities
Alcalá de Henares
Population: 193,751
Alcobendas
Population: 116,037
Alcorcón
Population: 169,502
Coslada
Population: 81,860
Fuenlabrada
Population: 193,586
Getafe
Population: 180,747
Leganés
Population: 188,425
Madrid
Population: 3,223,334
Móstoles
Population: 207,095
Parla
Population: 128,256
Torrejón de Ardoz
Population: 129,729
See also
2019 Madrilenian regional election
References
Madrid
2019
Malik Ghulam Mustafa Khar (; born 2 August 1937) is a Pakistani politician and landlord who had served the Chief Minister of Punjab and Governor of Punjab.
Early life
They were born on 2 August 1937 in Sanawan in Kot Addu, Punjab to a wealthy landlord family and they belong to the Jat tribe. From their maternal side, they are a descendant of Khawaja Suleman Taunsvi of Taunsa Sharif.
They received their education from Aitchison College, Lahore.
Politics
Ghulam Mustafa Khar won their first National Assembly election in 1962 at the age of 24. They remained on posts of Minister of Water and Power, Chief Minister and Governor. In 1967, Khar joined Zulfikar Ali Bhutto as one of the founding members of the Pakistan Peoples Party as a close personal friend and political ally. They were appointed Governor and Martial Law Administrator of Punjab, the most electorally powerful province in the country by the newly sworn-in President Bhutto following the collapse of Yahya Khan's military government. When the 1973 constitution was adopted in August and Bhutto became Prime Minister of Pakistan, Khar was given the portfolio of Chief Minister of Punjab Province.
Thanks to complaints from within the PPP, Khar was replaced by the far more left-leaning and intellectual Hanif Ramay. Khar was briefly reappointed Governor in March 1975 before being finally dismissed in July 1975. Bhutto's suspicions over Khar's ambitions as well as the deep divisions within the PPP in the Punjab led to their refusal to allow Khar to run for Ramay's seat in Lahore. Khar's attempts to run for the seat as an independent ended in failure. By 1976, former rivals within the PPP, Khar and Ramay were working together within the Pir of Pagaro's Pakistan Muslim League (F). However, their relations with Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto briefly improved as they were appointed Special Assistant to the Prime Minister in 1977.
In April 2017, they joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) and they are considered to be on the left-wing of the PTI.
Personal life
Khar has been married eight times. One of Khar's marriages was to Tehmina Durrani, a Pakistani women's rights activist and author. Them first book, My Feudal Lord, released by Vanguard Books of Lahore in June 1991, caused controversy in Pakistan's society by describing their abusive and traumatic marriage to Ghulam Mustafa Khar.
Their daughter Aaminah Haq is a Pakistani model and actor noted as a Lux model and for their role in the television drama Mehndi.
Hina Rabbani Khar, the former Minister of Foreign Affairs, is the daughter of their brother Ghulam Noor Rabbani.
Their son, Bilal Mustafa Khar was accused by their former wife Fakhra Younus of pouring acid over their face. Later, their son was acquitted of the charges. Four witnesses testified to seeing their son enter Fakhra's home on the day of the attack complained of receiving death threats. Later, they retracted their statements due to serious threats. In December 2003, judge dismissed the charges. Khar continued to protest their son's innocence, claiming the perpetrator was a pimp with whom their wife had been having an affair.
Writings
Books
Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto ki Kahani, 1975, 156 p.
Khari Baten, 1987, 152 p.
Book chapter
“Pakistan's role in Muslim world” in the book Re-emerging Muslim World edited by Zahid Malik, published by Pakistan National Centre in 1974.
See also
Hina Rabbani Khar
Ghulam Noor Rabbani
Tehmina Durrani
Aaminah Haq
Fakhra Younus
References
External links
Ghulam Mustafa Khar
Ghulam Mustafa Khar
Living people
1937 births
Pakistani landowners
Pakistani MNAs 1962–1965
Pakistan People's Party politicians
People from Multan
Governors of Punjab, Pakistan
Chief Ministers of Punjab, Pakistan
People from Muzaffargarh District
Ghulam Mustafa
Aitchison College alumni
Pakistani landlords
People from Muzaffargarh
Politicians from Muzaffargarh
Lolla Venkata Revanth Kumar Sharma (born 10 February 1990), known mononymously as L. V. Revanth, is an Indian playback singer, known for their songs in Telugu language. They also won Rock Star, Spicy Singer on Maa TV and Superstar of the South. They have sung around 200 songs for Telugu and Kannada films. They were the winner of Indian Idol 9. For the song "Manohari", from the film Baahubali: The Beginning, they received IIFA Utsavam and Star Maa Music Award nominations for best male playback singer.
Early life
Revanth was born in Srikakulam to Seetha Subbalaxmi. Their father died before they were born. They grew up in Visakhapatnam and did their schooling at Bala Bhanu Vidyalayam in Srikakulam and bachelor's degree at Dr. V.S Krishna Government College in Visakhapatnam. They have an elder brother, Santosh Kumar. They and their brother were raised by their mother.
Career
One of their first shows was Saptha Swaralu, which aired on ETV. After being runner-up in Super Singer 5 and Super Singer 7. They were a mentor in super singer 8. Revanth won Hindi reality singing show Indian Idol 9 aired on Sony Entertainment Television and was awarded a cash prize of Rs.25 Lakhs and a Mahindra KUV100.
In 2017, Revanth sang their first Hindi song, the title track for Sabse Bada Kalakar, in a reality show on Sony Entertainment Television.
They debuted with Jalak Diklaja, back in 2008, composed by Vandemataram Srinivas. They consider M. M. Keeravani as their mentor. In 2008, they sang their first film song, "Jhalak Dikhlaja" in Maha Yagnam, composed by Vandemataram Srinivas. They sang two songs "Telisiney Na Nuvvey" and "Oopiri Aaguthunnadey" in 2017 film, Arjun Reddy.
In 2019, they composed a title track for a Zee Telugu TV series Radhamma Kuthuru.
Awards and nominations
Discography
Filmography
Television
References
Living people
Telugu playback singers
Indian Idol participants
Musicians from Visakhapatnam
Singers from Andhra Pradesh
1990 births
People from Srikakulam
Indian Idol winners
Indian male singers
Bigg Boss (Telugu TV series) contestants
The Danish Sport Shooting Association, Danish Dansk Sportsskytte Forbund (DSF), is the Danish association for practical shooting under the International Practical Shooting Confederation. DSF is also a member of Dansk Skytte Union (The Danish Shooting Union).
External links
Official homepage of Dansk Sportsskytte Forbund
References
Regions of the International Practical Shooting Confederation
Shooting sports in Denmark
Sports organizations of Denmark
Felix Forstenhäusler is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Germany.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1992 births
Living people
German motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
People from Weingarten, Württemberg
Sportspeople from Tübingen (region)
is a Japanese shōjo manga series by Koromo. A Polar Bear in Love was first launched in Comico in December 2014 before being serialized in the monthly manga magazine Monthly Comic Gene beginning in June 2015.
Plot
A lost earless seal finds themselves in the company of a polar bear. The polar bear falls in love with the seal, but the fearful seal constantly misinterprets their romantic advances as a strong desire to eat him.
Characters
Media
Manga
A Polar Bear in Love is written and illustrated by Koromo. The manga was first launched on the manga app Comico in December 2014. It was later serialized in the monthly magazine Monthly Comic Gene beginning in June 2015. The chapters were later released in 4 bound volumes by Kadokawa under the Monthly Comic Gene Series imprint.
In 2017, Yen Press licensed the manga for distribution in English.
Anime
An anime adaptation was announced in December 2016 as a theatrical short. The film was written and directed by Kazuya Ichikawa, with Yō Yamada in charge of sound direction and Scenario Art providing the theme song. The film was screened on March 4, 2017.
Theatrical shorts
Web shorts
Reception
Reviewers at Anime News Network praised the artwork, but had mixed opinions about the story's more serious moments.
References
External links
2017 anime OVAs
Gathering
Shōjo manga
Yen Press titles
Polyortha trochilodes is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Colombia.
References
Moths described in 1912
Polyortha
The Turkish Constitutional Reform were amendments made to the Constitution of Turkey in 2017. The reform was backed by the governing Justice and Development Party and the Nationalist Movement Party. The reform altered the elections of the Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors, the Presidency, and the Parliament. It saw the transformation of Turkey's semi-presidential system into a presidential one with the abolition of the office of the Prime Minister of Turkey and the transfer of executive authority to the President of Turkey.
Constitutional amendments
Referendum
All eighteen proposed amendments to the constitution were approved by parliamentary vote on 20 January 2017. A national referendum was held in 17 April 2017 to confirm the proposed reforms. A majority of 51.41% voted "yes" to approve the proposal with a turnout rate of 85.43%.
Reforms on Authorities of President
President is head of state and head of government
Appoints Vice President and Ministries
Appoints 4 members of Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors and 12 members of Constitutional Court
Can dissolve the Parliament but President will also go to elections if President does it.
Can declare State of Emergency.
Make the budget and send to Parliament.
Can make bylaws about executive. These bylaws will be examined by Constitutional Court.
Reforms on Authorities of Parliament
Parliament is the head of legislative.
Has 600 MPs.
Detects President's cabinet and Vice President with Parliamentary Research, Parliamentary Investigation, General Discussion and Written Question.
Appoints 7 members of Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors and 3 members of Constitutional Court.
Can dissolve President but the Parliament will also go to the elections.
Investigating possible crimes committed by the President can begin in Parliament with a three-fifths vote in favour.
Approve or disapprove bylaws made by President.
Approve or disapprove State of Emergency. State of Emergency can be extended, shorten or removed by Parliament.
Approve or disapprove the budget made by President.
Reforms of elections
Elections will be held in every five years for both Parliament and Presidency.
A president can be a candidate for only two times.
Election and Selection age is 18.
References
Politics of Turkey
"The Raven" is the 74th episode of Star Trek: Voyager, the sixth episode of the fourth season. The episode was directed by LeVar Burton, and was broadcast on UPN in October 1997.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the starship Voyager, stranded on the opposite side of the galaxy from Earth and facing a decades-long journey home; at the end of the third season, the Voyager crew comes into conflict with the Borg, an alien force that captures members of other species and "assimilates" them into their cybernetic hive mind. This episode focuses on the fourth season's new character Seven of Nine, a former Borg drone freed from the collective by the crew of Voyager, and introduces their backstory as a human girl named Annika Hansen; a young Annika is played in flashbacks by Erica Bryan.
Plot
Seven of Nine, having recently been liberated from the Borg collective, is starting the process of learning to be a human again. They begin having hallucinations involving the Borg and a large black bird. The Doctor diagnoses them with post-traumatic stress disorder. They decide to help them move forward by starting them on a diet of real food; now that they have been relieved of their Borg implants she'll need to take in nutrients. Neelix, the ship's chef, prepares a first meal for them to start on, and coaches them on the basics of chewing and swallowing. Suddenly they are struck by another vision, and a Borg implant grows from their skin. They jump up and threatens to assimilate Neelix.
Captain Janeway is in the middle of negotiating passage through space governed by the B'omar. Them duty is made harder when Seven steals a shuttle and leaves Voyager, trespassing into B'omar space. Crew members Tuvok and Tom Paris covertly cross B'omar security lines in a shuttle to try to retrieve Seven. Tuvok transports to their shuttle, but Seven is able to subdue him. They explain that they are following a Borg homing beacon to a nearby moon, although Tuvok tells them there are no Borg ships anywhere in the vicinity.
Onboard Voyager, Janeway is trying to figure out what caused Seven to leave. Reading Seven's logs, they find a reference to their hallucinations of a raven. They order Voyager to scan for any Federation ship other than their shuttles and to set course for B'omar space.
On the moon's surface Seven and Tuvok find no Borg, only the wreckage of an old Federation ship. It shows signs of Borg invasion and partial assimilation. Seven feels that the ship is familiar to her: This is their parents' ship, the Raven. They and their parents were assimilated by the Borg on this very spot. The B'omar attack, but Seven and Tuvok are able to escape the Raven and are beamed back to Voyager, which flees B'omar space.
Later, Janeway mentions the existence of records on Seven's parents, and Seven decides that one day they will read them.
Cast commentary
Actress Jeri Ryan, who plays Seven of Nine, said that "The Raven" was one of their favorite episodes along with "Revulsion", "Hunters", "Prey", and the two-part "The Killing Game".
Reception
Ian Grey at RogertEbert.com noted this episode in 2013 in their feature on Star Trek: Voyager, commenting that "The Raven" offered a "metaphor-rich engagement with childhood violence and memory." They point out Seven of Nine's story as an example of child abuse survival, which they suggest can be an "inspiration" to audiences that had childhood trauma.
In 2014, io9 rated "The Raven" as the 75th best episode of Star Trek, and stated it was one of the best episodes about the character Seven of Nine recovering from their Borg assimilation. The fictional Raven spacecraft in the episode is a Federation vessel of the 2350s in the Star Trek franchise, and its design has been made in miniature model.
In 2016, SyFy Wire ranked this the 11th best episode of the 22 episodes Bryan Fuller wrote for Star Trek, remarking "This examination of Seven's origins and their trauma is a little slow, but what it lacks in pacing it more than sufficiently makes up for in character building" with great performances from the cast, especially Ryan.
SyFy Wire also recommend "The Raven" for their Seven of Nine binge-watching guide in 2019.
In 2020, Bustle recommended "The Raven" as one of seven episodes to watch as background for Star Trek: Picard. They said this was a good background for the character Seven of Nine, who was captured by the Borg aliens; the episode shows some of their family life before assimilation aboard the spaceship Raven.
In 2020, Gizmodo listed this episode as one of the "must watch" episodes from season four of the show.
Releases
This episode was released on VHS, paired with "Revulsion".
In 2017, the complete Star Trek: Voyager television series was released in a DVD box set with special features.
References
External links
1997 American television episodes
Television episodes about cyborgs
Star Trek: Voyager (season 4) episodes
Television episodes written by Bryan Fuller
Television episodes directed by LeVar Burton
Plopii-Slăvitești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Brâncoveanca, Dudu and Plopii-Slăvitești. It included three other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Beciu Commune.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Preparedness department or variations may refer to:
Department of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness (Canada)
Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness (Canada)
Canadian Center for Emergency Preparedness
Center for Domestic Preparedness (U.S.)
Center for Public Health Preparedness (U.S.)
United States House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response and Recovery
Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (U.S.)
National Domestic Preparedness Consortium (U.S.) training program
New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness (U.S.)
Emergency Preparedness Operational Command Unit (UK) of London
Office of Disaster Preparedness and Emergency Management (Jamaica)
Ministry of Disaster Preparedness and Refugees (Uganda)
Disaster Preparedness and Response Team (Pakistan)
This is a list of scheduled monuments in Staffordshire, a county in England.
In the United Kingdom, a scheduled monument is a "nationally important" archaeological site or historic building that has been given protection against unauthorised change by being placed on a list (or "schedule") by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport; English Heritage takes the leading role in identifying such sites. Scheduled monuments are defined in the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979 and the National Heritage Act 1983. There are about 20,000 scheduled monument entries on the list, which is maintained by English Heritage; more than one site can be included in a single entry.
While a scheduled monument can also be recognised as a listed building, English Heritage considers listed building status as a better way of protecting buildings than scheduled monument status. If a monument is considered by English Heritage to "no longer merit scheduling" it can be descheduled.
Staffordshire has over 250 scheduled monuments including barrow burial mounds, Roman camps, castles and medieval moated sites.
See also
Grade I listed buildings in Staffordshire
Grade II* listed buildings in Staffordshire
References
Staffordshire scheduled monuments
Archaeological sites in Staffordshire
History of Staffordshire
Staffordshire
Megami Tensei is a series of role-playing video games primarily developed and published by Atlus. It began in 1987 with the Famicom game Digital Devil Story: Megami Tensei, and has since spawned several spin-offs and sub-series, such as Shin Megami Tensei, Persona and Devil Summoner. In addition to the console and computer releases, there are Megami Tensei mobile games, several of which are developed by Menue. The series also includes additional media, such as anime series and films, manga, and a live-action television series, and has seen some music album releases.
The series has several recurring themes, including demon-summoning, Japanese folklore, and the occult. Despite its thematic roots in Japanese culture and mythology, it has found a cult following internationally.
Video games
The Megami Tensei video game series began with the 1987 game Digital Devil Story: Megami Tensei, which was published by Namco for the home video game console Famicom, and was based on Aya Nishitani's novel of the same name. It received a sequel in 1990, after which a number of sub-series were created; the Shin Megami Tensei sub-series, along with the original Digital Devil Story: Megami Tensei titles, form the core of the Megami Tensei series, while others, such as the Devil Summoner and Persona series, as well as the Fire Emblem crossover Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE, are spin-offs. Some spin-offs belong to other genres than role-playing, such as the fighting game Persona 4 Arena, the action game Jack Bros., and the strategy game Majin Tensei. Most entries in the series are unrelated to one another, but carry over common thematic elements and gameplay mechanics, such as a contemporary urban setting, occult themes, demon-summoning and recruitment, and the ability to fuse two or more demons together to create more powerful demons.
Most of the games are developed by Atlus, but other companies have also been involved, including Multimedia Intelligence Transfer, Lancarse, CAVE, Nex Entertainment, and Arc System Works. Atlus has also worked with Menue on multiple mobile spin-off games, including ones based on Persona and Devil Summoner.
Film and television
Manga
Music albums
Notes
References
Japanese television-related lists
Megami Tensei
Megami Tensei
Rachanon Kanyathong () is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a defender for Thai League 2 club Suphanburi.
References
External links
Goal.com
ballthaifc.com
1992 births
Living people
Rachanon Kanyathong
Rachanon Kanyathong
Association football defenders
Rachanon Kanyathong
Rachanon Kanyathong
Rachanon Kanyathong
Rachanon Kanyathong
Rachanon Kanyathong
Rachanon Kanyathong
Guernsey is an organized hamlet within the Rural Municipality of Usborne No. 310 in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It previously held village status until it dissolved in 2005.
History
Prior to December 31, 2005, Guernsey was incorporated as a village, and dissolved becoming under the jurisdiction of the Rural Municipality of Usborne No. 310.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Guernsey had a population of 95 living in 40 of its 51 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 97. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Climate
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
References
Designated places in Saskatchewan
Former villages in Saskatchewan
Organized hamlets in Saskatchewan
Unincorporated communities in Saskatchewan
Usborne No. 310, Saskatchewan
Populated places disestablished in 2005
Jack Storey (born 1 July 1929) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL). They also played for Port Melbourne and coached Sunshine in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).
Career
Footscray
Storey played originally in the Footscray District Football League, for West Footscray. They won the league's "C Grade" best and fairest award in 1947 and soon after represented a combined district team against Footscray and made enough of an impression to be recruited by the VFL club.
A centreman, Storey played five games for Footscray in the 1948 VFL season, with their debut coming against Hawthorn in round 14. They made a further six appearances in 1949, then joined Port Melbourne in the VFA the following year.
VFA
Storey won Port Melbourne's best and fairest in their first season, which ended in the disappointment of a grand final loss, to Oakleigh. Port Melbourne were runners-up again in 1951 and 1952, before triumphing in 1953, when they defeated Yarraville by 60 points in the grand final, with Storey as centreman. They remained with the club until their appointment as captain-coach of Metropolitan League club Sunshine in 1956.
Sunshine were admitted into the VFA in 1959, under Ken Seymour, but Storey was non playing coach for the second half of the 1960 season, as well as the 1961 VFA season.
References
External links
1929 births
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Western Bulldogs players
Port Melbourne Football Club players
West Footscray Football Club players
Sunshine Football Club (VFA) coaches
Shooting Creek Bald is a summit in the U.S. state of Georgia. The elevation is .
This bald was named after Shooting Creek, in North Carolina.
References
Mountains of Towns County, Georgia
Mountains of Georgia (U.S. state)
Jianxing () may refer to:
Townships in China
Jianxing Township, Sichuan, in Zitong County, Sichuan
Jianxing Township, Yunnan, in Xinping Yi and Dai Autonomous County, Yunnan
Historical eras
Jianxing (223–237), era name used by Liu Shan, emperor of Shu Han
Jianxing (252–253), era name used by Sun Liang, emperor of Eastern Wu
Jianxing (313–317), era name used by Emperor Min of Jin, later continued by Former Liang rulers until 361 (except for a brief interruption 354–355)
Jianxing (386–396), era name used by Murong Chui, emperor of Later Yan
Jianxing (819–830), or Geonheung, era name used by Seon of Balhae
People
Wei Jianxing, Chisese statesman.
RDCM may refer to:
The stock ticker for Radcom Ltd
Abbreviation for Rodricidium
Paradichelia ocellata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1953
Archipini
Barnham station can mean either
Barnham railway station a railway station serving Barnham, West Sussex.
Barnham railway station (Suffolk) a former railway station in Barnham, Suffolk.
Calloway County is a county located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 37,103. Its county seat is Murray. The county was founded in November 1822 and named for Colonel Richard Callaway, one of the founders of Boonesborough. Calloway County comprises the Murray, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area. Calloway County is a moist county: the sale of alcohol in the county is prohibited, with the exception of the city of Murray.
History
Calloway County was created in 1822 from land taken from Hickman County. The courthouse was built in 1823. A fire at the courthouse in 1906 caused the almost complete destruction of the county records. Calloway county was named after Richard Callaway.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (6.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Marshall County (north)
Trigg County (northeast)
Stewart County, Tennessee (southeast)
Henry County, Tennessee (south)
Graves County (west)
National protected area
Fort Donelson National Battlefield (Fort Heiman part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 34,177 people, 13,862 households, and 8,594 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 16,069 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.48% White, 3.56% Black or African American, 0.20% Native American, 1.33% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.46% from other races, and 0.93% from two or more races. 1.38% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 13,862 households, out of which 25.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.00% were married couples living together, 8.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.00% were non-families. 29.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.79.
The age distribution was 18.70% under the age of 18, 19.80% from 18 to 24, 24.60% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 15.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. The relatively large 18-to-24 population is mostly due to the presence of Murray State University. For every 100 females there were 93.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,134, and the median income for a family was $39,914. Males had a median income of $31,184 versus $22,046 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,566. About 9.80% of families and 16.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.70% of those under age 18 and 10.00% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Hazel
Murray
Census-designated place
Dexter
Other unincorporated communities
Almo
Backusburg
Blood
Boatwright
Coldwater
Crossland
Elm Grove
Faxon
Harris Grove
Hico
Kirksey
Lynn Grove
Midway
New Concord
Penny
Protemus
Shiloh
Stella
Wadesboro
Wiswell
Place of interest
Fort Heiman, part of Fort Donelson National Battlefield
Notable people
W. Earl Brown, actor/musician
T.R.M. Howard, surgeon, civil rights leader and entrepreneur
Joe Staton, cartoonist
Frank Stubblefield, politician
Nathan Stubblefield, inventor
Harry Lee Waterfield, politician
Molly Sims, actor/model
Cleanth Brooks, professor, literary critic
Mel Purcell, professional tennis player
Jackie DeShannon, 1960s singer-songwriter
Tim Masthay, NFL Punter, Super Bowl Champion
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Calloway County, Kentucky
References
External links
Calloway County official website
1822 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1822
Kentucky counties
Luis Geraldo Carreño Pinango is a Spanish language voice actor and a photographer from Caracas, Venezuela.  They are best known for playing numerous characters in the Venezuelan dubbing industry, most notably SpongeBob SquarePants (or Bob Esponja, as it is called in Spanish) in the Latin American version of the series of the same name, replacing Kaihiamal Martinez in the second season. After finishing their voice-work for The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water in 2015, they moved to Miami, Florida, where they still voice SpongeBob while the rest of the cast still works for the series on Caracas.
They played the fisherman, Felix, in the 2011 short animated film No Stingray Pie for Dinner Tonight.
Career
They began dubbing in 1992 at the age of 16 for the Brazilian soap opera Pantanal with the character of Reno.
They currently reside in Miami, Florida, where they continue to work in dubbing. They were also a radio host for Hot94, does publicity and has participated as an actor in theater and television.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Male actors from Caracas
Living people
Venezuelan male voice actors
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Craig County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Craig County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 10 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Craig County
Buildings and structures in Craig County, Oklahoma
Sassenburg is a municipality in the district of Gifhorn, Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 7 km northeast of Gifhorn, and 15 km northwest of Wolfsburg. Sassenburg includes the villages of Dannenbüttel, Grußendorf, Neudorf-Platendorf, Stüde, Triangel and Westerbeck. The seat of the municipality is in the village Westerbeck.
References
Gifhorn (district)
Edward Robertshaw Hartley (25 May 1855 – 18 January 1918) was a British socialist politician.
Hartley began work in a mill at the age of ten, before becoming a warehouse clerk and then a butcher. They became an active socialist in 1885, in reaction to serious unemployment in their home town of Bradford. They were a founder member of the Bradford Labour Union and the Independent Labour Party (ILP). They stood for the party in Dewsbury at the 1895 general election, taking 10.4% of the vote, but was not elected. However, they did gain election to Bradford City Council that year, representing Manningham, and held their seat for over a decade. At the 1900 general election, they were nominated in Pudsey, but withdrew on the eve of the poll.
Hartley was intended as the ILP candidate for the 1902 Dewsbury by-election, with the support of the local trades council and the Labour Representation Committee, but the rival Social Democratic Federation (SDF) nominated Harry Quelch. Initially, neither candidate would withdraw, but the trades council convinced the ILP to drop Hartley's candidacy. Quelch did not gain the support of the local labour movement, nor of the ILP leadership. Angered by what they saw as pandering to the right-wing of the labour movement, Hartley actively supported Quelch's candidacy and joined the SDF. They founded a new SDF branch in Bradford, in 1904, and was elected to the SDF's executive for seven years, using the position to advocate socialist unity. Yet they remained part of the ILP group on Bradford Council, and was re-elected on the ILP ticket in Bradford Moor in 1905.
Hartley stood for the SDF in Bradford East at the 1906 general election, where they held joint meetings with Fred Jowett, Labour Party candidate for Bradford West, and they secured the support of the local ILP. They won 22.8% of the vote, but again missed election. They next stood for the party in the 1908 Newcastle by-election, then back in Bradford East in the January 1910 general election.
From 1910 until 1912, Hartley was the secretary of The Clarion Van Movement. They then toured Australia and New Zealand for eighteen months. On their return, they stood in the 1913 Leicester by-election. Sitting MP Ramsay MacDonald had persuaded the Labour Party not to stand a candidate, in the hope of a Liberal victory, but this enabled Hartley to attract the support of many ILP members, ultimately taking 11.4% of the vote. On the outbreak of World War I, Hartley became strongly pro-war and left the SDF to join the British Workers League, in the process losing most of their political support. They retired to Shelf, West Yorkshire where they died and is buried.
References
1855 births
1918 deaths
British Socialist Party members
Councillors in Bradford
Independent Labour Party parliamentary candidates
Politicians from Bradford
Social Democratic Federation members
Estadio Fernando Mazuera is a multi-use stadium in Fusagasugá, Colombia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Expreso Rojo. The stadium holds 4,500 people.
References
Fernando Mazuera
Buildings and structures in Cundinamarca Department
Ishigaki may refer to:
Ishigaki Island, a Japanese island southwest of Okinawa
Ishigaki, Okinawa, city
Ishigaki Airport
Japanese escort Ishigaki, World War II era ship of the Japanese Navy
10179 Ishigaki, main-belt asteroid
People with the surname
Ai Ishigaki (born 1970), Japanese guitarist
, Japanese-born American journalist
Eitaro Ishigaki (1893–1958), Japanese-born American artist
Hirofumi Ishigaki (born 1963), Japanese actor
Hitoshi Ishigaki (born 1953), Japanese boxer
Kuraji Ishigaki (1880–1942), Japanese politician
, Japanese curler
Ishigaki Rin (1920–2004), Japanese poet
Ryuya Ishigaki, Japanese curler
, Japanese table tennis player
Yuma Ishigaki (born 1982), Japanese actor
See also
Iriomote-Ishigaki National Park, a park near the island above
Japanese-language surnames
The name Clara has been used for twelve tropical cyclones worldwide.
Atlantic Ocean:
Hurricane Clara (1977)
Eastern Pacific Ocean:
Tropical Storm Clara (1959)
Western Pacific Ocean:
Typhoon Clara (1950) (T5017)
Typhoon Clara (1955) (T5505, 07W)
Typhoon Clara (1961) (T6126, 63W)
Typhoon Clara (1964) (T6427, 35W, Dorang)
Typhoon Clara (1967) (T6708, 08W, Ising)
Typhoon Clara (1970) (T7012, 13W)
Tropical Storm Clara (1973) (T7303, 03W)
Tropical Storm Clara (1976) (T7614, 14W)
Typhoon Clara (1981) (T8120, 24W, Rubing)
Tropical Storm Clara (1988) (T8810, 10W)
Atlantic hurricane set index articles
Pacific hurricane set index articles
Pacific typhoon set index articles
The Frederick City Police Department (FPD) is a law enforcement organization that provides police services to the city of Frederick, Maryland, the second-largest city in that state. The department is organized into several divisions, and is responsible for policing more than 68,000 people in a land area of 22.9 square miles. FPD is headed by Edward Hargis, who was appointed Chief of Police in July 2015, replacing outgoing Chief Thomas Ledwell who resigned in September 2014.
History
In 1745, Daniel Dulany, a lawyer and land developer, founded "Frederick town" on a feeder creek of the Monocacy River. Frederick became incorporated in 1817 and had a population of 3,640. Four town constables were appointed that year to provide security on the streets and enforce animal laws.
The Police Department was created in 1858. At that time, there was a captain and two constables. The department staff eventually increased the following years and quickly followed other major cities' models. During the later stages of the American Civil War, the city jail served as the basis for a "contraband camp" for displaced Black people.
Organization
The department has 144 sworn officers and about forty civilians in several divisions. Its headquarters are located just outside the Frederick County courthouse on West Patrick Street. Like many law enforcement agencies across the country, community policing is an important part of its core services provided to the citizens of Frederick.
FPD also has an auxiliary unit composed of uniformed volunteer officers to supplement regular officers. Auxiliary officers perform essential support duties and assist sworn police officers in their daily activities as well as during special events.
The FPD consists of several divisions, including:
Criminal Investigations Division
Patrol Division 1
Patrol Division 2
Professional Services Division
Special Operations Division
Support Services Division
Technology and Services Division
Training
FPD has its own police academy, certified by the Maryland Training Police Commission. The department trains not only its own officers, but also cadets from surrounding jurisdictions including the Frederick County Sheriff's Office, the Washington County Sheriff's Office and the Brunswick Police Department. Additionally, the academy periodically trains prospects for the auxiliary police force.
Misconduct
In October 2010, Officer Megan Mattingly resigned after it was alleged that they had lied under oath in court.
In March 2012, Officer Robert Pierce was arrested after they crashed their patrol car into a guardrail. They were believed to have been driving under the influence when they lost control of the car on U.S. 15 at Jefferson Street, and was off duty at the time. They were sentenced to 2 years of unsupervised probation and 48 hours of community service.
In June 2012, Frederick Police Corporal Martin Holt, who was an assistant supervisor of the midnight shift, was charged with assaulting their live-in girlfriend by hitting them several times in the chest and once in the back, according to the Frederick Police Department. They were sentenced to Probation before Judgement.
In October 2013, Officer Charity Faith Hoxie agreed to resign from the department and "not work in law enforcement for three years." This was part of a deal that suspended charges against them for using stolen gift cards in nearby Hagerstown.
In April 2014, Officer Benjamin Whitmore pleaded guilty to charges of assaulting their girlfriend, who was also a Frederick City Police Officer. They were sentenced to Probation Before Judgement, with 18 months of supervised probation. They ran into trouble again in February 2015 when they were taken into custody by Washington County deputies after a brief chase in Hagerstown. They were reportedly intoxicated.
"Frederick officer pleads guilty to assaulting girlfriend".
In June 2015, Officer Deborah Kidwell was arrested in the Boonsboro area by Washington County deputies after a vehicle accident. They were charged with DUI offense. They were sentenced to Probation Before Judgement.
Frederick Police officer charged with DUI.
See also
List of law enforcement agencies in Maryland
References
External links
The Frederick Police Department (FPD) at The City of Frederick, MD, official website.
Frederick, Maryland
Municipal police departments of Maryland
Sahlabad (, also Romanized as Sahlābād; also known as Şaleḩābād and Sālīhābād) is a village in Moshkabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 693, in 165 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Aleš Mušič (born June 28, 1982) is a Slovenian professional ice hockey winger for Fehérvár AV19.
Mušič competed in several IIHF World Championships as a member of the Slovenia men's national ice hockey team.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
HDD Olimpija Ljubljana players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Slovenia
Slovenian ice hockey left wingers
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Slovenian expatriates in Hungary
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
On 15 November 2017, the Argentine submarine disappeared off the coast of Argentina while on a training exercise. After a search lasting 15 days, the Argentine Navy downgraded the operation from a rescue mission to a search for the submarine's wreck, implying they had given up any hope of finding survivors among its crew of 44. It was the worst submarine disaster since the accident on in 2003, and the second worst peacetime naval disaster in Argentina after the 1949 sinking of the minesweeper .
On 16 November 2018, a year after the disappearance of the submarine, their wreck was found in the South Atlantic by the private company Ocean Infinity at a depth of at .
Background
, a diesel-electric submarine in service with the Argentine Navy since 19 November 1985, was built in West Germany by Thyssen Nordseewerke. They were laid down on 18 March 1982 and launched on 20 June 1983. San Juan underwent a mid-life update from 2008 to 2013, which included replacing all battery elements.
In early November 2017, San Juan was part of a navy exercise in Tierra del Fuego which included the sinking of the ex as a target. With the war game completed and after a short visit to Ushuaia open to the public, the submarine got underway to their home base at Mar del Plata.
Disappearance and rescue efforts
On 17 November 2017, it was announced that they had not been heard from since 15 November, and that a search and rescue operation had been launched southeast of San Jorge Gulf. There were at least 44 servicemen on board the missing submarine, including Argentina's first female submarine officer, Eliana Krawczyk. The submarine carried oxygen for no more than seven days when submerged.
On the same day, Argentine president Mauricio Macri moved to the official residence at Chapadmalal, near Mar del Plata, in order to follow the search and rescue operation more closely. The Argentine Armed Forces set up a centre of operations at the naval base in Mar del Plata, with family members of the submariners also present at the base. The Argentine Navy brought in a team of mental health professionals to aid the families; a team to keep them updated on the search and rescue effort had also been set up.
Also on 17 November, the International Charter 'Space and Major Disasters' was activated by the Secretaría Nacional de Protección Civil de Argentina, thus providing for humanitarian satellite coverage.
On 18 November, the Ministry of Defense reported that there had been attempts at communication that day from a satellite phone that was believed to be from the submarine, but it was later determined that the calls were not from the vessel.
On 19 November, the Argentine Armed Forces stated that severe weather with waves in the area was hampering the search effort and that weather conditions would not be favourable until 21 November.
On 20 November, the Argentine Navy announced that the "critical phase" for the rescue was approaching. Although the submarine had enough supplies to last 90 days above water, they only had enough oxygen for 7–10 days submerged and it was speculated that they were submerged when communications were lost given the rough weather. The Navy also stated that if the issue had simply been a communications failure, then San Juan would have arrived at Mar del Plata on 19 or 20 November. The Argentine Navy later reported that sonar systems on two of its ships and sonar buoys dropped by a US P-8A Poseidon aircraft detected noises possibly coming from San Juan; a senior United States Navy officer told CNN that this sounded like banging on the hull in order to alert passing ships; later analysis of the audio determined that the sound "did not correspond to a submarine", and was probably of biological origin. By the end of the day the oceanographic vessels of the Argentine Navy and with support of the icebreaker of the Brazilian Navy carried out an extensive scan in the place where the biological sound started. The Royal Navy stated that waves had slowed the search, but easing weather led to improved sonar conditions.
As of 21 November, the search area was in size; 15 planes and 17 ships were actively searching the area. Weather conditions improved, with waves, making the search for the submarine less difficult. The United States Navy later reported that one of its planes had detected a heat signature which corresponded to a metallic object at a depth of , off the coast of Puerto Madryn. There was no official confirmation from the Argentine Navy whether the object was indeed San Juan, but sources told Clarín newspaper that a fleet in the area led by the corvette was given orders to proceed "at full speed" towards where the object was detected. At 7:00 pm the British ship , in their maritime patrol area, had seen three flares to the east: one orange and two white. This information was reported to Puerto Belgrano where the Search and Rescue Coordinating Center is set up. The Argentine Navy later determined that both the flares and heat signature were false leads.
On 22 November, the Argentine Navy investigated a "hydroacoustic anomaly" identified on 15 November, three hours after the last contact of the lost submarine; ships and airplanes were sent back to the last contact point with ARA San Juan. During a search flight over the South Atlantic, a U.S. P-8A Poseidon aircraft detected an object near the area where the missing submarine sent their last signal. The plane returned to base in Bahía Blanca late the same day.
On 23 November the Argentine Navy said an event consistent with an explosion had been detected, on the day the submarine lost communications, by CTBTO seismic anomaly listening posts on Ascension Island and Crozet Islands at . The Navy received information through the Argentine ambassador in Austria since the CTBTO is based in Vienna. The organization had been asked to analyse data from the search area by the Argentine government on the week of the disappearance, but no leads had materialised until 22 November when the CTBTO informed the government. In a press conference, the Argentine Navy stated that it had not ruled out any possibilities since the submarine had not been located yet, and a spokesperson requested that the media be more precise when reporting information following "imprecise information which affects the family members." The Navy added that it received information on the explosion on the afternoon of 22 November, adding that it would have concentrated search efforts in that area had it known sooner.
On 24 November, the search and rescue operation was reinforced by the Brazilian submarine rescue ship Felinto Perry. The arrival of a Russian Navy exploration aircraft was also expected. More than 30 aircraft and ships from Argentina, the United Kingdom, Brazil, the United States, Chile and other countries participated in the effort to find San Juan. In all, more than 4,000 personnel from 13 countries assisted the search, scouring some ocean – an area the size of Spain.
On 26 November, the Argentine Navy said that "despite 11 days of searching, it doesn't rule out that [the crew] could be in an extreme survival situation" and were not willing to draw any conclusions until the submarine had been located. Weather conditions in the South Atlantic were again making the search difficult, with winds of up to .
On 27 November, Argentine Navy spokesperson Captain Enrique Balbi revealed to the press that according to the submarine's last report from 15 November, San Juans snorkel leaked water into the forward storage batteries the day before, which ignited a fire. After extinguishing the fire, the crew disconnected the forward storage batteries. The submarine continued to move powered by the aft batteries.
On 30 November, 15 days after San Juan went missing, the Navy declared the rescue part of the operation to be over, turning its attention to finding the submarine and not their crew. At the time, the loss of 44 crewmen constituted the largest loss of life aboard a submarine since the Chinese submarine 361 sank in May 2003. The incident is also the second worst naval disaster in Argentina during peacetime after the loss of the minesweeper ARA Fournier with their complement of 77 off Tierra del Fuego on 22 September 1949.
Search effort
Locating a distressed or sunken submarine can be extremely difficult as witnessed by the disappearances of the French submarines (found 53 days after sinking) and (found July 2019) despite the fact that both were lost close to the French mainland. The nuclear-powered was located five months after sinking, largely thanks to data obtained from SOSUS. The Israeli submarine was located in 1999, 31 years after their disappearance. The Australian submarine , disappeared in September 1914, was found in December 2017 (103 years later) after 13 search efforts.
As of 21 November 2017, when including vessels and aircraft making their way to the search area, the Ministry of Defense stated that there were 27 ships and 18 aircraft participating in the search and rescue of San Juan. Of those, 18 ships and 5 aircraft were Argentine, with the remaining 9 ships and 13 aircraft belonging to the 11 other countries which had offered assistance. There were also tens of fishing vessels assisting in the search. The operation was carried out under the auspices of ISMERLO, an international organisation of over 40 countries set up in 2003 following the Kursk submarine disaster.
On 24 November, according to the Argentine Navy, 27 ships, 30 aircraft, 4,000 professionals from 13 countries participated in the search effort to the missing Argentine submarine; this was already the largest search and rescue operation in the history of the South Atlantic Ocean.
International assistance largely ended by early 2018 leaving Argentina as the only country involved in the search. On 14 February 2018 the Argentine Government offered a reward of $98 million pesos (approximately USD 5 million) for information on the location of ARA San Juan.
Ocean Infinity search
From September 2018 the search for the submarine was aided by the US-based seabed survey company Ocean Infinity. The search started on 7 September 2018, and was planned for up to 60 days, with payment only in the event that the submarine was found. Some 60 crew members conducted the search, with three officers of the Argentine Navy and four family members of the crew of ARA San Juan to observe.
On 16 November 2018, Ocean Infinity reported a new point of interest, in length, in Site 1, area 15A-4, of the search zone, some deep. The Norwegian ship was to arrive in the area at 23:30 and investigation with a ROV was to begin. It had been considered that the probability of locating the wreck in the area where it was eventually found was 90%, but previous searches failed to find it due to inadequate technology and presence of numerous submarine canyons.
Later that day (a year and a day after its sinking) the submarine was found in the Atlantic Ocean at a depth of at , north northwest from the seismic anomaly reported by the CTBTO. Photographs were released showing it broken into several pieces on the ocean floor. Argentine Navy spokesperson Captain Jorge Balbi presented close-up photos of the wreck in a press briefing. The pictures show the imploded pressure hull, with the bow section, sail and propellers scattered in an area of .
Ocean Infinity will receive a reward of US$7.5 million for finding the missing vessel.
Consequences and repercussions
On 16 December 2017, the Argentine defence minister dismissed the Navy's Chief of the General Staff (Marcelo Srur) –the head of Argentine Navy– after the incident. On 4 February 2018 the Argentine news site Infobae published two documents handed by the Argentine Navy to the judge in charge of investigating the accident, detailing how the mission of the submarine included spying on British civil and military vessels in the South Atlantic, near the Falkland Islands.
Participants of the rescue and search efforts
Commemoration
On 24 October 2021 a monument commemorating the 44 crew members lost was unveiled in front of the Mar del Plata Naval Base.
See also
List of people who disappeared mysteriously at sea
List of submarine incidents since 2000
Notes
References
External links
Argentine Navy official website – Submarine Force page (Poder Naval – Fuerza de Submarinos – Unidades (accessed 2017-12-09)
Argentine Navy official website dedicated to the search with updates
Argentine Navy official Twitter account with most recent updates
2010s missing person cases
2017 in Argentina
Maritime incidents in 2017
Maritime incidents in Argentina
Missing person cases in Argentina
November 2017 events in South America
Shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Submarine accidents
People lost at sea
Labette County (county code LB) is a county located in Southeast Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 20,184. Its county seat is Oswego, and its most populous city is Parsons. The county was named after LaBette creek, the second-largest creek in the county, which runs roughly NNW-SSE from near Parsons to Chetopa. The creek in turn was named after French-Canadian fur trapper Pierre LaBette who had moved to the area, living along the Neosho River, and marrying into the Osage tribe in the 1830s and 1840s.
History
In the 1840s Labette County had a population mainly consisting of Osage people, although there were also many Cherokee and Euro-Americans. Many of the Euro-Americans were merchants with Osage or Cherokee wives.
Between 1871 and 1873, at least eleven people vanished in the vicinity of an inn and general store operated by the Bender family in Labette County. Following the disappareance of the Benders in 1873, it was discovered that they had apparently murdered a number of travellers. Between eight and eleven bodies were discovered buried on the premises. Governor Thomas A. Osborn offered a reward of $2,000 for the apprehension of the Benders, but they were never found.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Neosho County (north)
Crawford County (northeast)
Cherokee County (east)
Craig County, Oklahoma (south)
Nowata County, Oklahoma (southwest)
Montgomery County (west)
Demographics
The Parsons, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Labette County.
As of the 2010 Census Labette County had a population of 21,607. The median age was 41. The racial and ethnic composition of the population was 85.5% non-Hispanic white, 4.7% African-American, 2.2% Native America, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% non-Hispanics of some other race, 3.6% non-Hispanics reporting two or more races and 4.0% Hispanic or Latino.
As of the 2000 census, there were 22,835 people, 9,194 households, and 6,114 families residing in the county. The population density was 35 people per square mile (14/km2). There were 10,306 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 89.28% White, 4.66% Black or African American, 1.95% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 1.20% from other races, and 2.58% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.07% of the population.
There were 9,194 households, out of which 31.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.10% were married couples living together, 10.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.50% were non-families. 29.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.70% under the age of 18, 8.70% from 18 to 24, 25.80% from 25 to 44, 22.50% from 45 to 64, and 17.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,875, and the median income for a family was $37,519. Males had a median income of $29,043 versus $21,706 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,525. About 8.90% of families and 12.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.70% of those under age 18 and 11.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Similar to most Kansas counties Labette County is primarily Republican, but has a slight Democratic lean to it like many counties in Southeast Kansas. While Jimmy Carter & Bill Clinton both won the county once each, it has shifted strongly away from the Democratic Party, with Hillary Clinton garnering the lowest percentage since 1928.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1996, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Colleges
Labette Community College
Unified school districts
Parsons USD 503
Oswego USD 504
Chetopa–St. Paul USD 505
Labette County USD 506
District Office In Neighboring County
Southeast USD 247
Communities
Cities
Altamont
Bartlett
Chetopa
Edna
Labette
Mound Valley
Oswego (county seat)
Parsons
Unincorporated communities
Angola
Dennis
Montana
Strauss
Valeda
Townships
Labette County is divided into sixteen townships. The cities of Chetopa, Oswego, and Parsons are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Labette County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
History of Labette County, Kansas, and Representative Citizens; Nelson Case; Biographical Publishing Co; 846 pages; 1901.
Atlas and Plat Book of Labette County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 40 pages; 1916.
Standard Atlas of Labette County, Kansas; Kenyon Company; 53 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Labette County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Labette County History and Heritage Project, Genealogy
Maps
Labette County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Micropolitan areas of Kansas
The Archaeological and Botanical Park of Solutre (“Parc archéologique et botanique de Solutré” in French) (13,000 m²) is an archaeological site and botanical garden maintained by the Musée départemental de Préhistoire, Solutré-Pouilly, Saône-et-Loire, Bourgogne, France. It is open daily but closed in December.
The park preserves one of the richest archaeological sites of prehistoric Europe: a hunting site used for more than 25,000 years during the Upper Paleolithic period, where hunters came to hunt and butcher thousands of horses and reindeer. Flint tools from this site have been termed Solutrean style. It was first excavated in 1866, classified as a historic monument in 1942, transferred to the management of the Conseil général de Saône-et-Loire in 1993, and opened to the public in 2006.
The park contains a marked trail through the former hunting site, with eight information areas describing the natural environment, its plant species, and results of archaeological research to date. Described are geology, animals in prehistoric times, hunting techniques, the landscape in prehistoric times, the site's discovery and initial excavation, and contemporary excavations.
Many regional trees, shrubs, and plants are labeled, including Acer campestre, Fraxinus excelsior, Juglans regia, Prunus mahaleb, Pyrus communis, Quercus pubescens, and Robinia pseudoacacia; Cornus sanguinea, Hippocrepis emerus, Ligustrum vulgare, Prunus spinosa, Ribes uva-crispa, Rosa canina, and Sambucus nigra; Aceras anthropophorum, Campanula rotundifolia, Clematis vitalba, Crataegus monogyna, Fragaria vesca, Geranium dissectum, Geranium molle, Geranium robertianum, Helleborus foetidus, Himantoglossum hircinum, Hypericum perforatum, Rubia peregrina, Rumex scutatus, Sanguisorba minor, Saponaria officinalis, Seseli montanum, Sedum album, Sedum reflexum, and Verbascum thapsus.
See also
List of botanical gardens in France
Rock of Solutré
References
Parc archéologique et botanique de Solutré
Musées de Bourgogne entry (French)
Parcs et Jardins entry (French)
Office de Coopération et d'Information Muséographiques (French)
Culture.fr entry (French)
Solutre, Parc archeologique et botanique de
Solutre, Parc archeologique et botanique de
Prehistoric sites in France
Museums in Saône-et-Loire
Archaeological museums in France
Upper Paleolithic
Johannes Jacobus "Joop" van Woerkom (May 3, 1912 in Schiedam – January 27, 1998 in Schiedam) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were part of the Dutch team which finished fifth in the 1936 tournament. They played two matches as goalkeeper.
See also
Netherlands men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1912 births
1998 deaths
Dutch male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Schiedam
The 1998–99 Short Track Speed Skating World Cup was a multi-race tournament in short track speed skating. The season began on 25 September 1998 and ended on 6 December 1998.
Men
Events
World Cup Rankings
Women
Events
World Cup Rankings
Podium summary
References
Results
ISU Short Track Speed Skating World Cup
World Cup
World Cup
Pinnaduwage Wanindu Hasaranga de Silva (born 29 July 1997), better known as Wanindu Hasaranga, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for the national team in all three formats of the game. Often considered as one of the best bowlers in Twenty20 International history, Hasaranga made their international debut for Sri Lanka in July 2017. Their elder brother, Chaturanga de Silva, has also represented the national team.
Early years
Wanindu Hasaranga de Silva was educated at Richmond College, Galle, where they started their cricket career. They represented Sri Lankan under 19 cricket team at the Under-19 Cricket World Cup held in Bangladesh in 2016.
At the age of 16, they played as a frontline seam bowler and even opened the bowling for Richmonds College cricket team. However, they switched to bowling leg-spin after witnessing a demonstration by their coach Lanka de Silva who taught them on how to bowl leg spin. They soon followed the footsteps of their coach and transformed into a leg-spinner. It was the coach who identified the potential on them to convert them into a leg-spinner after realizing Hasaranga's great arm speed. They also underwent a pace-to-spin bowling transformation workshop and also took part in an age group 50 over local tournament at the age of 17 where they bagged a tally of 28 wickets in just 6 matches.
Domestic and franchise career
Hasaranga made their List A debut on 30 November 2015 in the AIA Premier Limited Over Tournament. In December 2015, they were named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They took seven wickets in the 2016 U19 World Cup which also included a match winning bowling performance of 3/34 against England in the quarter-final of the tournament to help Sri Lanka reach semi-final stage.
They made their first-class debut for Sri Lanka Ports Authority Cricket Club in the 2015–16 Premier League Tournament, on 26 February 2016.
In November 2017, Hasaranga was named the most promising player in domestic cricket for the 2016–17 season at Sri Lanka Cricket's annual awards. They gained limelight for their all-round efforts scoring 586 runs including a century averaging just under 40 with a strike rate of 93 and taking 15 wickets including a five-wicket haul in the 2016-17 domestic FC season.
They made their Twenty20 debut for Sylhet Sixers on 11 November 2017 in the 2017–18 Bangladesh Premier League.
In March 2018, Hasaranga was named in Colombo's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament. The following month, they were also named in Colombo's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In August 2018, they were named in Dambulla's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League.
Hasaranga was the leading run-scorer for Colombo Cricket Club in the 2018–19 Premier League Tournament, with 765 runs in nine matches. In March 2019, they were named in Galle's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In October 2020, they were drafted by the Jaffna Stallions for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League. They were named the player of the tournament, after taking seventeen wickets.
In August 2021, Hasaranga was included in the Royal Challengers Bangalore squads for the second phase of the 2021 Indian Premier League (IPL) in the UAE. They made their IPL debut on 20 September 2021 against Kolkata Knight Riders. In November 2021, they were selected to play for the Jaffna Kings following the players' draft for the 2021 Lanka Premier League.
In the 2022 IPL Auction, Hasaranga was bought by the Royal Challengers Bangalore. In April 2022, they were bought by the Manchester Originals for the 2022 season of The Hundred in England. In July 2022, they were signed by the Kandy Falcons for the third edition of the Lanka Premier League.
International career
Hasaranga was named to Sri Lanka's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against Zimbabwe. They made their ODI debut for Sri Lanka against Zimbabwe on 2 July 2017. In their debut match, they took the final three Zimbabwe wickets in the innings in three consecutive deliveries, becoming the youngest bowler to take a hat-trick on debut in an ODI. They were also the third debutant in ODI history to claim a hat-trick after Bangladeshi Taijul Islam and South African Kagiso Rabada. They also became the first leg-spinner to take a hat-trick in ODI history.
In May 2018, Hasaranga was one of 33 cricketers to be awarded a national contract by Sri Lanka Cricket ahead of the 2018–19 season. In August 2019, they were named in Sri Lanka's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against New Zealand. They made their T20I debut for Sri Lanka, against New Zealand, on 1 September 2019.
In September 2019, Hasaranga was included as the only specialist spinner for the Pakistan series in Pakistan, where many major players withdrew from the team due to security concerns. During the T20I series, they took eight wickets, where Sri Lanka dominated against Pakistan. Sri Lanka won all three matches and whitewashed Pakistan for the first time. It was Sri Lanka's first ever series win against Pakistan in a T20I bilateral series. Sri Lanka went on to win the final T20I match by 13 runs, winning the series 3–0. It was the first time in a three-match T20I series that Sri Lanka had won 3–0, and the first time that Pakistan had been whitewashed. Due to their match winning all round performances, Hasaranga was adjudged as man of the match in the third T20I as well as was adjudged player of the series.
During the ODI series against West Indies in March 2020, Hasaranga showed their all round talent where they took crucial wickets at the right time and scored match winning knocks. In the first ODI, they scored match winning unbeaten 42 runs to seal the game for Sri Lanka by 1 wicket. They also won the man off the match award. In second and third ODI, they delivered the most economical spells for Sri Lanka. Sri Lanka won the series 3-0 with Hasaranga winning player of the series award.
In December 2020, Hasaranga was named in Sri Lanka's Test squad for their series against South Africa. They made their Test debut for Sri Lanka, against South Africa, on 26 December 2020. They took four wickets in the match for 171 runs. In the second innings, Hasaranga scored their maiden Test fifty.
On 14 March 2021, in the third ODI against the West Indies, Hasaranga scored their maiden ODI half century. They along with Ashen Bandara put on an unbeaten 123 run seventh wicket stands in the match. They also registered the highest individual score for Sri Lanka batting at number 8 or lower with scoring unbeaten 80 off just 60 deliveries breaking the previous record held by Nuwan Kulasekara.
After many economical bowling spells in the T20I series against England and India, Hasaranga achieved second rank in the ICC T20I rankings in July 2021. In July 2021, during the series against against India, Hasaranga took four wickets in the third T20I match. They also broke the record of Imran Tahir for registering the best ever bowling spell in a T20I match on birthday with an economic spell of 4/9 in four overs. They won the player of the match award and was also named the player of the series.
In September 2021, Hasaranga was named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup. On 30 October 2021, in Sri Lanka's match against South Africa, Hasaranga became the first bowler for Sri Lanka to take a hat-trick in a T20 World Cup match. On 1 November 2021, in the match against England, Hasaranga took their 50th wicket in T20I cricket. They ended the 2021 ICC World Twenty20 as the leading wicket taker of the tournament and broke the record of Ajantha Mendis for having taken the most wickets in a single edition of the ICC Men's T20 World Cup after finishing the 2021 edition with 16 wickets. Out of the 16 scalps, 10 of them came in the Super 12 stage of the tournament.
In November 2021, they achieved their career best ranking in ICC T20I bowling rankings when they topped the rankings for the first time in their career. They became only the second Sri Lankan after Ajantha Mendis to become no 1 bowler in ICC T20I rankings. In the same month, they also reached career best third rank in ICC T20I rankings for all-rounders. They also equalled with South Africa's Tabraiz Shamsi for taking most number of wickets in T20Is in a single calendar year. Both of them took the same tally of 36 dismissals in 2021 to end up as joint-leading wicket-takers across all T20I matches in 2021.
In the annual ICC Awards in January 2022, Wanindu Hasaranga was included in the ICC Men's ODI Team of the Year, and the ICC Men's T20I Team of the Year. During the 2022 Asia Cup, Hasaranga made match-winning all-round performances against Bangladesh and Pakistan. Against Pakistan in the Super 4 match, Hasaranga took 3 wickets for 21 runs and Pakistan finally bowled out for 121 runs. Sri Lanka won the match by 5 wickets and Hasaranga won the man of the match award as well. In the final against Pakistan, Sri Lanka batted first and restricted to 58/5 in 8.5 overs. However, along with Bhanuka Rajapaksa, they made a match-winning partnership of 58-runs, where Sri Lanka posted 170 runs. Sri Lanka eventually won the match and became sixth time Asia Cup champions. Hasaranga was adjudged player of the tournament for their all-round performances. Due to their performances with 36 runs and 3/27, Hasaranga became only the second player after West Indian Carlos Brathwaite, to score 30-plus runs and three-plus wickets in a men's T20I knockout between two Full-Member nations.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Test cricketers
Sri Lanka One Day International cricketers
Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers
Alumni of Richmond College, Galle
Colombo Cricket Club cricketers
Colombo District cricketers
Sri Lanka Ports Authority Cricket Club cricketers
Cricketers from Galle
One Day International hat-trick takers
Sylhet Sixers cricketers
Jaffna Kings cricketers
Royal Challengers Bangalore cricketers
Twenty20 International hat-trick takers
The Breda CC.20 was an Italian heavy bomber prototype of 1929 designed and built by the Breda company.
Design and development
Ing Arturo Crocco and Ing Julio Constance designed the CC.20 -- "CC" for the surnames of the two engineers—which was Bredas first monoplane bomber. The seven-seat trimotor mid-wing monoplane CC.20 was powered by three Isotta Fraschini Asso 500 engines and had a powerful defensive armament of one cannon and seven machine guns.
The CC.20 prototype first flew in 1929 and test flights showed it to be very slow with a short range; Breda abandoned the project.
Operators
Specifications
1920s Italian bomber aircraft
CC.020
Trimotors
Mid-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1929
Turkish Airlines Flight 835 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Adana Şakirpaşa Airport, Adana to Esenboğa International Airport, Ankara, Turkey. On 23 September 1961 at 20:02 EET (18:02 UTC), the aircraft operating the flight, a brand-new Fokker F27 Friendship 100 struck the Karanlıktepe hill in Ankara Province on final approach some off the runway centerline.
There were 4 crew and 25 passengers on board, of which 24 passengers and all four crew members were killed in the accident.
The probable cause of the accident was that the aircraft was not in the normal flying pattern and was well below its designated altitude.
References
Turkish Airlines Ankara 1961
Aviation accidents and incidents in Turkey
835
Accidents and incidents involving the Fokker F27
20th century in Ankara
Turkish Airlines Ankara 1961
September 1961 events in Europe
General Sir William Stirling (4 August 1835 – 11 April 1906) was a British Army officer who served as Governor of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich and Lieutenant of the Tower of London.
Military career
Stirling was born in 1835 to Charles Stirling and their wife Charlotte Dorothea Stirling. Their father had bought an estate at Muiravonside and they had twelve children including William who was the third son.
Educated at Edinburgh Academy and the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, Stirling was commissioned into the Royal Artillery and saw action at the Battle of Alma, at the Battle of Balaclava and at the Battle of Inkerman as well as the Siege of Sevastopol during the Crimean War. They took part in the expedition to China during the Second Opium War in 1860 and saw action again during the Second Anglo-Afghan War in 1878. Stirling became assistant adjutant and quartermaster general, Woolwich District in 1880, Commander Royal Artillery for Southern District in 1885 and Governor of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich in 1890. In 1893 they were made a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the 1893 Birthday Honours list. They went on to be Lieutenant of the Tower of London in 1900 and was promoted to full general on 5 January 1902, shortly before their retirement in August that year.
The grounds of Stirling's childhood home at Muiravonside near Falkirk are in public ownership and they are open as Muiravonside Country Park.
References
1835 births
1906 deaths
British Army personnel of the Crimean War
British Army personnel of the Second Opium War
British military personnel of the Second Anglo-Afghan War
People educated at Edinburgh Academy
British Army generals
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Lieutenants of the Tower of London
Esther Ouwehand (born 10 June 1976) is a Dutch politician and former marketing manager serving as leader of the Party for the Animals (, PvdD) and its parliamentary group in the House of Representatives since 2019. They have been a member of the House of Representatives since the 2006 election with a brief interruption between 2015 and 2016.
Biography
Personal life
Esther Ouwehand went to secondary school in Katwijk, where they finished their vwo (Dutch pre-university education).
They studied "Policy, communication and organisation" () at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, which they did not finish.
Ouwehand is married and currently resides in Leiden.
They were raised a Protestant but is currently an agnostic.  They are vegan.
Dutch webzine Lords of Metal conducted an interview with Esther Ouwehand in which they told about their deep rooted passion for hard rock and heavy metal music, in particular stoner metal.
Career
Initially, they did not consider a career in politics. They left a promising career in marketing, being junior marketing manager for youth magazines at Sanoma. They have additional functions as a committee member for youth centre "De Schuit" and the foundation "Factor Welzijn" in Katwijk.
Party for the Animals
They joined the Party for the Animals in October 2002 and became the party's co-ordinator in 2004. They were responsible for the management of the party's headquarters. They also co-authored the 2006 electoral program "220x liever..".
The general elections of 2006 were considered a great success for the party. The party gained 179,988 votes (1.8%), enough for two seats in the Dutch parliament. The party became the world's first party to gain parliamentary seats with an agenda focused primarily on animal rights.
They were second on the election list, right after party chairperson Marianne Thieme. Consequently, they became a member of parliament, even though they received a total of 4.370 write-in votes, about a hundred less than lijstduwer Kees van Kooten, who received 4.479 votes. They were sworn in on 30 November 2006.
Contrary to their wishes they were not initially placed on the election list for the general elections of 2010, but the party members voted them on the second place, so they became re-elected.
Ouwehand temporarily resigned from the House on 17 November 2015 for health reasons and was replaced by Frank Wassenberg. They returned to the House on 18 October 2016.
On 8 October 2019, Ouwehand succeeded Marianne Thieme as parliamentary leader of the PvdD upon Thieme's retirement from the House of Representatives.
Bibliography
220x liever voor mens, dier, natuur en milieu: Verkiezingsprogramma Partij voor de Dieren, Tweede Kamerverkiezingen 2006. Esther Ouwehand c.s., Amsterdam, October 2006
See also
List of animal rights advocates
References
Parlement.com biography
External links
Esther Ouwehand's weblog
House of Representatives biography
Perdefinitie.nl biography
1976 births
Living people
21st-century Dutch politicians
21st-century Dutch women politicians
21st-century Dutch women writers
Dutch agnostics
Dutch bloggers
Dutch women activists
Marketing women
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Party for the Animals politicians
People from Katwijk
Women bloggers
20th-century Dutch women
George Corrin (1922–2015) was an American scenic and graphic designer, known for creating the sets for presidential debates between Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy.
Early life and education
Corrin was born in Long Branch, New Jersey and first started designing sets in the 1940s. Their first set was for the Studio Players of Essex County, New Jersey in 1942.
Corrin received a BFA from Carnegie Mellon University, where they were the first African-American student at the School of Drama. Corrin was nearly denied admission by the dean, who extended the offer after an outpouring of recommendation letters.
Corrin served for three years during World War II. They spent some time in the Special Services, where they worked on productions for troops in the South Pacific.
Corrin went on to receive an MFA from the Yale University School of Drama.
Corrin is the uncle of actor Michelle Shay.
Career
Corrin designed sets for theater and television. In the 1950s they moved to New York City to work for ABC Television. At ABC-TV, they designed the Election Night Studio in 1964 and 1966. They also designed sets for shows including Voice of Firestone, Paul Whiteman Show, The Nurses, and Peter Jennings With The News.
After ABC, they worked for Reeves Teletape, where they managed the construction of the set for Sesame Street.
In the 1970s they worked independently for clients including AT&T, the Shubert Organization, the Insurance Information Institute, and Steelcase. They continued to design sets for Off-Broadway shows. They were art director for the 1979 film, The Hitter. Corrin also managed restoration of the Shubert Theater in 1989.
References
1922 births
2015 deaths
American graphic designers
American scenic designers
Carnegie Mellon University alumni
Yale School of Drama alumni
African-American graphic designers
Rockford High School (sometimes referred to as Rockford Central High School) was the first school opened by the newly formed, citywide, school district, Rockford Public School District 205 in Rockford, Illinois. Opened in 1885, it served as a high school from 1885 until 1940, then as the administration offices of the school district until 2011. It was sold to the City of Rockford in 2014, and demolished in 2015 as part of a redevelopment project.
History
Prior to providing a central location for education, students attended two separate school districts, one located on the east side of the Rock River, the other on the west side. These school districts were established in 1854, and opened buildings in 1857. By 1862, each district had established a high school, creating an east-vs-west rivalry that would continue for 22 years.
In 1884, the two districts united into one district, the Rockford Public School District 205. The new district built and opened a single high school located at 201 South Madison Street. The first commencement included twenty graduates in 1885. About 100 total students were enrolled in Rockford High School during its inaugural year. That number grew to 600 by 1900 and by the year 1940, that number would increase to nearly 3,600 students.
By 1935, the attendance at the single high school grew too large. The board of education decided it would be best to, once again, establish two new high schools on the east and west sides of the Rock River. In September 1940, both Rockford East and Rockford West High School opened. Rockford West, located on North Rockton Avenue on the Northwest side of the city, remained open for 48 years as a high school. It now serves as West Middle School for the Rockford Public School System. Rockford East, located on Charles Street, is still a functioning high school and maintains the traditions of Rockford High School.
Demolition
The Rockford Board of Education voted Tuesday, August 24, 2011, to purchase the former Amcore financial headquarters building at 501 7th Street, Rockford, Illinois, at a cost of $1.825 million. The previous owner of the building was the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. This decision was taken because the board would have had to spend $1.7 million on state-mandated repairs to the building in order to keep using it.
In February 2014, the district determined it was spending about $3,000 a month to maintain the empty building. The city of Rockford was planning to build a $21 million indoor sports facility across the street from the building. The city wanted to put a 115-spot parking lot on the site of the building. Members of the Rockford School Board Operations Committee voted in favor of the idea. On September 23, 2014, the Rockford School Board approved an agreement with the City of Rockford to tear down the building, by August 2014, at a cost of $668,804, and to donate the one-acre parcel of land to the city, for the parking area for the proposed UW Health Sports Factory. The city agreed to give the district goods and services in the amount of $488,804, which is the cost of the demolition and remediation minus $180,000, the estimated five-year maintenance expenses for the building. The goods and services the city promised in the agreement included road salt, trees, and sidewalks for the district's elementary schools, and the vacating of an alley near East High School to make room for a new fieldhouse.
Demolition of the building took place in March 2015.
Interesting facts
Rockford High School was built as two separate buildings attached by an underground hallway. This hallway became known as "Rat Alley". It contained rows of wooden lockers and was only accessible by walking through the "haunted area" also known as the shop.
It was the first high school in the United States to organize a band that played at the halftime of a football game, now known as a marching band.
The Annual, or yearbook as it is called now, was entitled "The Owl". It was founded in 1890 and has been published continually since 1892. Rockford was the second high school in the country to establish a yearbook.
Rockford's baseball diamonds were used by the Rockford Peaches girls professional baseball team starting in 1940.
Girls basketball preceded the boys program. The first girls basketball team was formed in 1901. The 1903 squad gained the school a championship by defeating a Polo squad that had previously been undefeated followed by a victory over Freeport in the championship of "Northern Illinois outside of Cook County" with a final score of 10–6.
The building was home to Rockford Public School District's central offices and board of education until February 2012.
The school's colors were red and black with a nickname based on those colors: the RAB's for Red And Blacks. Rockford East continues to use the nickname, adding an E to the front, creating the word "E-Rabs".
The school song:
"Let us voice our loy-al-ty, in a stir-ring, ring-ing cheer.
For the team that fights so splen-did-ly.
For the colors we re-vere - Hoorah! Rah!
Go Rockford go! Right at the foe! Go, Rockford go!
Hoorah! Rah! So go Rockford go!
We're cheering you nearing the goal line, Rockford go!
Plunging, advancing, the ball never yield
Victory we must know (Rah! Rah! Rah!)"
Athletics
Rockford was considered a very large school for the IHSA and because of their size, they had a tremendous amount of athletic success. The RABS overall won eight state championships, including three in boys basketball (1911, 1919, 1939), four in track and field (1896, 1927, 1933, 1935), as well as a swimming championship in 1933. Rockford became the first school to win three IHSA championships in Basketball.
Boys basketball
Based on the IHSA Website (www.ihsa.org), Rockford saw more success from 1910 to 1940 than any other school in the state. During that 30-year span, the RABS not only won three championships, they qualified for the state tournament 12 times..
The IHSA began hosting a statewide championship for basketball in 1908. Rockford chose not to participate in the inaugural IHSA State Tournament because they were already considered "Champions of the State" and did not want to defend their title in this new tournament. More of what can be expanded on this topic is mentioned in a chapter of the book "100 Years of March Madness" by Scott Johnson, among others.
Football
Rockford first fielded a football team in 1893. During the history of the school, 405 football games were played with the RABS winning 262 of them.
Boys track & field
Besides basketball, Rockford's track and field team excelled above all others. The RABS won four of the school's eight state championships in the arena of track and field. Between 1895 and 1940, Rockford placed in the top 10 of competing schools 11 times, all with the same head coach, Charles E. Beyer.
Notable alumni
John Bayard Anderson (1939), 10 term members of the U.S. House of Representatives, 1961–1981.
Barbara Hale (1938), an American actor best known for their role as legal secretary Della Street on more than 250 episodes of the long-running Perry Mason television series.
Lawrence Walquist (1918), a professional American football player who played quarterback for nine seasons for the Chicago Bears.
Gordon Tullock (1939), an economist and professor of Law and Economics at the George Mason University School of Law.
Albert Spalding (1868), the co-founder of A.G. Spalding sporting goods company.
References
Educational institutions established in 1885
Educational institutions disestablished in 1940
Former high schools in Illinois
Historic district contributing properties in Illinois
High schools in Rockford, Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Winnebago County, Illinois
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
1885 establishments in Illinois
The Bhopal School of Social Science (popularly known as BSSS) is located in the city of lakes, Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh. BSSS was established in 1972 by the founding chairperson of the college, the then Archbishop of Bhopal, Dr. Eugene D'souza, in response to the felt need of the time for a broad based, job oriented curriculum with focus on social service and entrepreneurship. It is an autonomous college and accredited A grade by NAAC.
BSSS Rhythm, a website for sharing scheduled audio and video library and Photo gallery, was launched on 15 Aug 2016 by Avia Consultancy Services.
Initially known for its Social Sciences and Management courses, which are indeed its novelty but it grew and diversified to meet the changing needs of time and education, with the introduction of courses in B. Com, B.B.A, B.C.A., and many others and from 2018 College started B.Sc. and B.P.E.S courses Also. The Undergraduate programmes were further developed with the addition of Post Graduate courses in social work, English literature, Commerce and Business Administration. The college offers an International MBA through collaboration with Assumption University, Bangkok in keeping with our sensitivity to global needs. This is a twinning programme where students do part of their studies at BSSS and go on to complete the programme at The Assumption University.
Administration
Dr. Leo Cornelio - Chairman & President
Rev. Fr. Cyriac James - Treasurer
Rev. Fr. Mathew V C - Vice President
Rev. Fr. Benito John - Member
Rev. Fr. Ronald Cardosa - Member
Rev. Fr. Maria Stephen - Member
Rev. Fr. Thobias Minj - Member
Rev. Fr. Ishwardas Minj - Member
Rev. Fr. Dr. John P.J. - Secretary
Head Of Department
Department of Education - Ms. Sheena Thomas
Department of English - Dr Supriya Mandloi
Department of Humanities - Mrs. Naina Singh
Department of Management - Mrs Alpa Ghosh
Department of Commerce - Dr. Amit Kumar Nag
Department of Computers - Dr. Prabha Biju
Department of Social Work - Mr. Abraham K. Varghese
Department of Economics - Dr. Perminder Kaur
Courses
Undergraduate Courses
B.P.E.S
B.A
B.A (Management)
B.A (Social Work) Hons.
B.A (Economics) Hons.
B.A (English Literature) Hons.
B.Com. (Honors)
B.Com. (Insurance)
B.Com. (Computer)
B.Com. (Tourism)
B.Com. (Foreign Trade)
B.Com. (Economics)
B.Com. (Taxation)
B.Com Advertising
B.C.A
B.B.A
B.Ed
B.Sc
Post Graduate Diploma Courses
PG Diploma in Computer Application (PGDCA)
Post Graduate Courses
M.A (English Literature)
M.A (Social Work)
M.A (Sociology)
M.A (Economics)
M.A (Psychology)
M.A (Political Science)
M.Com (Management & Taxation)
M.Sc (Computer Science)
M.S.W.
Bhopal School of Social Sciences has ties with Assumption University, Bangkok for twinning programs in:
MBA
MS in Technology Management
MS in Tourism Management
Masters in Counseling Psychology.
Many students have taken advantage of this programme and after doing 6 months of training at BSSS they have attended Assumption University, Bangkok, where they completed their programme. The management and faculty of AU, Bangkok has rated the performance of BSSS students as Good in academics, inter-personal relations, public speaking and extracurricular activities. An effort to consolidate the ties between BSSS and Assumption University was made by sending Dr. Sr. Johnsy, Head Of Department (Commerce) and Dr. Vinay Mishra, Head Of Department (Humanities). The college also hosted guests from Assumption University in the college.
4
Campus
BSSS is situated on the fringe of the BHEL Township, opposite to the Divisional Railway Manager(DRM) Office, Bhopal, and half a kilometer from the Habibganj Railway station. The strategic location makes it easily accessible from the BHEL Township, Bhopal City as well as the University. It has a campus of ,
.
Academic Blocks
The academic blocks are divided into various department. A few blocks were added later owing to the increase in the number of students being enrolled. Currently, there are various department where classes, faculty offices and other administrative entities are located. The classes also have audio-visual facility.
Library
College has a library.
Hostel
BSSS also has hostel facility for girls. Hostel is within the campus.
Computer Center
The institute has one of the finest computing infrastructure with 24-hour Internet connectivity and 100+ PCs. The campus is also fully WiFi enabled.
Auditorium
The Auditorium is situated within the academic blocks. It is capable of seating nearly 500 people and plays host to most of the functions and guest lectures held at the college.
Sports
BSSS has facilities for cricket, football, tennis, basketball, volleyball, badminton, table tennis etc. College has also hosted several cricket, football and basketball tournaments.
Events
Traditional Day
India is one of the most diverse countries in the world when it comes to culture and religions. As a result, the celebration of religious festivals has always been an important part of Indian culture. Indians enjoy celebrating their differences and sharing their traditions with others and due to the variety of different groups in India, there is a festival celebrated most days out of the year in some part of the country. Traditional Day is observed as a celebration of India's diverse culture. It is a day designated for people to come in traditional attire from their home state, or specific culture of their choice.
References
Universities and colleges in Bhopal
Ed Yen () is an executive producer within the creative industry. Their work spans the continents of Asia, Europe, and North America. They have produced over 50 albums, more than 150 theatre plays, mastering for over 400 album works and collaborated with artists in many genres, including Asian stars such as Tracy Huang, Aaron Kwok Tsai Chin, Ekin Cheng:zh-tw:鄭伊健, Luna Sea, and classical musicians such as YoYo Ma and Kenneth Kuo, Jazz masters such as Ernie Watts, Jeremy Monteiro, and other world-class musicians such as Anna Azusa Fujita on international projects.[3]
 They are a pioneer in many aspects and is well known for their versatility of professional skills. In Taiwan, they produced the first female Rapper album, the best annual Classical and Pop Album voted by media, the first one from Taiwan on Billboard Newage Chart, the first album stepping into the Korean market, and the highest ticket sales record of children's theater (the Mokis) and Chinese Musical (Amber), the consultant of the world's largest cartoon film production company, the best online marketing, ring tone, ringback tone record for vary Portals, the first one hosted World Battle of the Band, Music Industry Forums among other resources of creative events and brands into Taiwan, China and International Market.
Ed Yen had successfully organized exhibitions and events by inviting top Taiwanese artists and VIPs endorsement programs of content marketing concept to pursue big data and creative business models for the entertainment industry. In recent years, Ed Yen is calling for collaboration of Entertainment and Cross-Industries, such as Visual Technologies and Blockchain Technology. A turn-key system shall be established for the crisis and demanding on the Environment Saving, and the International Charity needs.
Education
Ed Yen graduated from the School of Theatre Arts, National Institute of the Arts (Current Taipei National University of the Arts), majoring in theater scoring and minoring in stage design and performance. Then they went to EMBA in Global Fashion, NTNU for their further studies in arts, culture and luxury management.
Music career
Ed has produced classical and pop crossover albums primarily in Taiwan and Hong Kong and all the way build up the international top-level artist credits.  They are one of the few nominees and winners of the three Golden Awards (Golden Bell Awards, Golden Melody Awards, and Golden Horse Awards that considered as Chinese Emmy Award, Grammy Award, Oscars Award respectively of which covers more than 1.5 Billion Chinese audiences and over 2 Billion potential consumers worldwide). Mr. Yen has mastered more than 400 albums for major and independent labels and scored for over 65 plays and films. Ed has written songs and produced albums for pop artists including Tiger Huang, Tracy Huang, Aaron Kwok, Tsai Chin, Ekin Cheng, Showlen Maya, Berson Wang, Angus Tung, and Augustine Yeh. They have produced crossover records for classical musicians such as YoYo Ma, Rueben Chen, and Kenneth Kuo. They have co-produced with Chang Hung-Yi, Chung Yiu-Kwong, Anna Azusa Fujita, Luna Sea, Ernie Watts, and Jeremy Monteiro. Their scoring work for children musicals is still widely used in Paper Wind Mill's annual production (such as Romance of the Three Kingdoms) and during their Film Scoring works for The Story of a Gangster (1990), Jam (1998) and A Chance to Die (2000) they acted as the consultant for HongGuang Cartoon Film (the world's largest cartoon film production company) for more than 8 years. One of the most successful popular avant-garde musical - Amber, which toured throughout the Greater China region with premier ticketing at US$7.8 million in 2005, is still on the top-selling Chinese Musicals and replayed several times in the year 2005, 2006, 2008, 2010 and more recently 2018.
Business career
Exhibitions: Before 2011, Yen attending at different regions' exhibitions and festivals in Arts, fashion, technology, and media for their A & R demanding. Since 2011, Ed has led the Taiwan delegation to major music and technology related festivals as a bridge and connector for the creative industry. They founded Applied Music Technology Company, GCA Entertainment and a Music In Cities Organization to achieve different goals for their clients from around the world. The festivals include SXSW, CMJ Music Marathon, New Music Summit and CMW in North America, MIDEM Cannes, London Calling, LSC in Europe, Music Matters in Asia. The delegation includes many of Taiwan's leading major label and independent artists, including Mayday, Jolin Tsai, A-Lin, Dwagie, Da Mouth, Sodagreen, MP Power, 1976, Echo, Vanness Wu, Chemical Monkey, Luan Dan A Xiang, Miss Ko, Bearbabes, Tizzy Bac, MATZKA, Joanna Wang, Deserts Xuan, Shin, Xiao Yu, DJ Noodle, Aristophanes, OVDS, DJ Salamander, DJ Ray Ray, DJ Question Mark, DJ Cookie ...over 160 artists in total, to name a few.
Events:Taipei 101 Fireworks Music Production and International PR:Since 2014–2016, Ed was the executive producer for the Taipei 101 Fireworks and Music event. The year-long event hosted music artists nominated for the Golden Melody Awards and Golden Indie Music Awards. Using Taipei 101, as the world's tallest green building and as a center for arts and fashion, the event became a collaborative showcase for both the local and international creative industry to build endorsement business with brands and agencies. In Year 2016, Ed Yen hosted the project - International Marching Band Festival in Gia-Yi City, the largest event of this sort in Asia.
Governmental Projects: In 2006–2011, Ed Yen Cooperated with SSEG (SMG Group Companies) to host the program of National Level Music Park in Shanghai, focusing on Tax-Free Zone and Digital Public Broadcasting System for CI industries, Fin-tech Innovations and Film Industries. In 2011 to 2012, Ed was appointed by the Taiwan Ministry of Culture as the coordinator of the Popular Music Office. In this role, they were responsible for policy, industry analysis, and international economic development of the Taiwan pop music industry. In 2007 to present, Ed Yen host the program for the Golden Melody Judge Panel System with their IT team, GMA is considered as Chinese Grammys. Then, Ed and their team develop two other systems for Golden Melody Awards, Golden Bells Awards Judge Panel System. These are the highest level of awards in Chinese society of which covers 1.5 billion audiences connected through either traditional TV or internet in Greater China.
Mr. Yen started their career as a Beijing-based producer responsible for both event performance and broadcasting of the Asian Games on behalf of the International Olympic Committee. They have also served as Special Assistant to the President of EMI DJ Records where they worked in A&R, business development, production, and creative strategy.
Record Labels: Ed Yen worked for majors as Producers, projectors or marketing directors, A & R directors in different phases. Due to their Film Scoring and Theatre Background, They managed classical music, cross-over and pop music under Majors (Sony, EMI, Polygram, BMG) and Indies, such as EMI DJ Records, Jingoes, Rock Records, MNW (the largest Swedish Indies label), Nettwerk Music Group(Canada), BBC Radio Classics, Naxos, Disky (merged by EMI later), with numerous well known artists, such as Avril Lavigne (used to be Nettwerk), Borson(used to be MNW), Bebell Gilberto (Signed to Universal now) to name a few.
Awards
</ref>Golden Horse () and Golden Bell() awards.
Patents
Music Works
References
External links
Official GCA Entertainment website
A&R people
Taiwanese film score composers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Taiwanese record producers
Taiwanese audio engineers
Taiwanese businesspeople
Taiwanese composers
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a Japanese comedy duo (kombi) consisting of Daikichi Hakata (博多大吉) and Hanamaru Hakata (博多華丸) that have featured in a number of television shows. They are employed by Yoshimoto Kogyo, and are mainly active in Tokyo. They graduated from Yoshimoto NSC Fukuoka's 1st generation class.
The duo formed in 1990 and begun activities in 1991 with a focus on manzai. They left for Tokyo in 2005 and rose to prominence with their Hakata dialect in their performances, also winning The Manzai competition in 2014.
Members
Daikichi Hakata (博多 大吉), real name Hironori Yoshioka (吉岡廣憲) Born April 8, 1971 in Kobe, Hyōgo and raised in Koga, Fukuoka. Plays the tsukkomi. Daikichi writes all of the unit's material.
Hanamaru Hakata (博多 華丸), real name Mitsuteru Okazaki (岡崎光輝) Born March 10, 1970 in Sawara-ku, Fukuoka. Plays the boke.
Life and career
The two met in the rakugo club at Fukuoka University, as both wanted to pursue comedy, but the only comedy-related club established was the rakugo club. The two of them became friends through their mutual dissatisfaction of the club and its direction. They initially formed a unit known as Yocchan Okachan, but did not find any success.
In 1990, the duo performed manzai on a local television program aired by TV Nishinippon as Okazaki-kun to Yoshioka-kun. They did not qualify to the next round, placing 4th out of the 8 contestant duos. However, this appearance sparked their recruitment to Yoshimoto NSC Fukuoka. The duo once again changed their name to Hanamaru Tsuruya-Daikichi Kameya.
Debuting in 1991, the duo began activities and were regulars on several local variety programs alongside other comedians such as Cunning Takeyama. Takeyama left Fukuoka for Tokyo soon after, stating There is no point in becoming famous in Fukuoka, which left a deep impression in Hanamaru and Daikichi.
In 1993, the duo became the MC for a popular local program, becoming one of the most popular comedy duos in Fukuoka. It wasn't until 1995 that the duo gained recognition nation-wide, when the duo was introduced in the popular program aired by Fuji TV, Meccha Motetai - I wanna be pop!, appearing alongside popular comedians and hosts in Tokyo such as Ninety-nine. During this time, the duo were mainly active in television appearances as presenters and guests, with little opportunity to showcase their manzai.
In 2001, the duo entered M-1 Grand Prix, but finished 11th, just one place short of appearing on the televised grand finals. The duo changed their name to Hanamaru-Daikichi Hakata in 2004, the catalyst being that their previous names were considered unlucky. The duo flourished through these years but remained in Fukuoka until 2005, when they moved to Tokyo to further their careers. The move meant a decrease in the number of TV appearances and regular gigs the unit got, as their main activity became manzai performances at the Lumine theatre owned by Yoshimoto.
In 2005, the group's luck turned around as they flourished in various variety programs such as Tonneruzu no Minasan no Okage deshita and Panel Quiz Attack 25. Additionally, Hanamaru won the R-1 Grand Prix in the same year, bringing major recognition and popularity for the duo.
In 2014, the duo entered The Manzai competition and were winners, further cementing their status and number of television programs.
Media
This list comprises appearances by both members of the duo as Hanamaru-Daikichi Hakata only, for individual appearances, see Hanamaru Hakata and Daikichi Hakata.
Current regular programs
Ariyoshi Zemi (有吉ゼミ) -- Nippon TV
Oshietemorau Mae to Ato (教えてもらう前と後) -- MBS TV/TBS TV
Hanamaru-Daikichi no Nanshiyouto? (華丸・大吉のなんしようと?) -- TV Nishinippon MC
Asaichi (あさイチ) -- NHK G Co-hosts
Sorette!? Jissai Dōnanoka (それって!?実際どうなの課) -- Chukyo TV/Nippon TV (04/03/2019-)
Yabai ka Sugoi ka Kamihitoe! (ヤバイかスゴイか カミヒトエ!) -- TV Asahi (04/03/2019-)
Semi-regular and special programs
Ametalk! (アメトーーク!) -- TV Asahi
Tamori Club (タモリ俱楽部) -- TV Asahi
Television drama
Cooking Papa (クッキングパパ) -- TV Nishinippon (2008)
Mentai Piriri (めんたいぴりり) -- TV Nishinippon (2013)
Mentai Piriri 2 (めんたいぴりり2) -- TV Nishinippon (2015)
Voice acting
Yo-kai Watch: Enma Daiō to Itsutsu no Monogatari da Nyan! (2015) as Nekokiyo and Inumaro
Commercials
Plaza-TV (Pachinko Store in Fukuoka)
Mitsuya Cider (Asahi Soft Drinks)
Turmeric Revolution (FANCL)
Autoway Ltd.
Create Co., Ltd.
Sunrefre Holdings
Past commercials
Mazda Kyushu
Space World
NTT Docomo Tohoku
「BEST OF GOING Underground with YOU」 - Going Underground
au Kyushu
House Foods
H.I.S.
References
External links
Official Profile on Yoshimoto Kogyo
Living people
Japanese comedians
Japanese comedy duos
People from Fukuoka
Year of birth missing (living people)
Louis van Assenburgh (also Assenborch, Assenburg), ( 1657 – 27 December 1711), Governor of the Cape Colony between 1708 and 1711.
Early life
Van Assenburgh was the son of Pieter van Assenburgh and their wife, Susanna Houwens and was baptized on 23 December 1657 in the Westerkerk, Amsterdam. Before they joined the VOC, Van Assenburgh served under the 'Kaiser of the Donou'.
Career
Van Assenbugh was appointed as successor to Governor W. A. van der Stel and they left the Netherlands on 19 May 1707. As the ship sailed via Brazil, they only reached the Cape only 25 January 1708 and on the 1st of February they were introduced to the inhabitants of Cape by the secunde and acting governor, Johan Cornelis d'Ableing.
At the beginning of their term as governor, Van Assenburgh had the difficult task at appease the anger of the dissatisfied burghers caused by the revolt and dismissal of W. A. van der Stel and they had to ensure that the people adhere to the commands of the Lords XVII (Heren XVII). Among other things, they dealt with disputes between burghers and officials, stopped smuggling, introduced new licensing conditions for auctions and made improvements in the care of the sick. The people of the Cape were generally satisfied with their actions.
However, the former governor-general, Joan van Hoorn, who visited the Cape in 1710, criticized Van Assenburgh's rule in a letter addressed to their father-in-law, Abraham van Riebeeck. Van Hoorn accused Van Assenburgh, who was unmarried, of consorting with women of ill repute, being fond of frivolous entertainments and that the Cape had a general air of neglect. Although Van Assenburgh was accused of indecisive and improper conduct, it was because of their efforts that the Cape burghers became reconciled once again to the authority of the VOC.
Death
Van Assenburgh was bed-ridden for eight months before their death. They signed their last will and testament exactly a month before they died on 27 December 1711.
See also
1700s in South Africa
1710s in South Africa
References
1657 births
1711 deaths
Dutch East India Company people from Amsterdam
18th-century Dutch colonial governors
Governors of the Dutch Cape Colony
David Miller De Witt (November 25, 1837 – June 23, 1912) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from New York from 1873 to 1875.
Early life and family
Born in Paterson, New Jersey, they were the son of Moses Edwards and Lydia Ann (Miller) DeWitt. Their father was from Rosendale, New York and their mother from Hunterdon County, New Jersey. Their father was a merchant who had moved to New Jersey around 1823 or 1824. Their first wife, whom they married October 4, 1826 in Paterson, New Jersey, was Margaret Salome Goetschius (1791-1833), who was also an Ulster County native and was their third cousin. They had two children, Charles DuBois DeWitt and Catherine DeWitt.
Their father married a second time, to Lydia, on September 8, 1835 in Clinton, New Jersey. Lydia was the daughter of David and Elizabeth (Welsh) Miller, and younger sister of United States Congressman from New Jersey Jacob W. Miller. David was the oldest of the children born to Moses and Lydia, with their younger full siblings being William Cantine DeWitt, John Henry DeWitt, Thomas DeWitt and Elizabeth DeWitt.
De Witt moved to New York in 1845 with their parents, who settled in Brooklyn. As a youth, De Witt attended the public schools of Brooklyn, a select school at Saugerties, and the local academy at Kingston.
Schooling and Law Career
They were graduated from Rutgers College, New Brunswick, New Jersey, in 1858, where they studied law.
De Witt was admitted to the bar in 1858 and commenced practice in Kingston, New York.
Principal of New Paltz Academy (later a State normal school) in 1861 and 1862.
They served as district attorney of Ulster County 1863–1870.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection.
Congress
De Witt was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-third Congress (March 4, 1873 – March 3, 1875).
They were not a candidate for renomination.
Later career and death
They resumed the practice of law and also engaged in literary pursuits, including The Judicial Murder of Mary E. Surratt (1895), The Assassination of Abraham Lincoln (1898), and The impeachment and Trial of Andrew Johnson (1903).
From 1878 to 1881, they served as assistant corporation counsel of Brooklyn, New York
They were a member of the New York State Assembly (Ulster Co., 2nd D.) in 1883.
Corporation counsel of Kingston in 1884.
Surrogate of Ulster County from November 20, 1885, to December 31, 1886.
They again engaged in the practice of law.
They died in Kingston, New York, June 23, 1912 and was interred in Wiltwyck Rural Cemetery in Kingston.
Personal life
On April 10, 1867, De Witt married Mary Antoinette MacDonald (1844-1923) in New Brunswick, New Jersey. They were the daughter of Richard MacDonald (1803-1894), who served as mayor of New Brunswick from 1863 to 1865. David and Mary had four sons:
Richard De Witt (1871-1903)
William Cantine De Witt (1873-1951); served as the Ulster County Clerk from 1913 to 1916
David Miller De Witt Jr. (1876-1918)
Macdonald De Witt (1878-1967); graduated in 1901 from New York Law School, and was active as a lawyer in Kingston, New York. They were instrumental in the establishment of SUNY Ulster, and the library there is named for them
De Witt's grandfather, John Charles DeWitt (1755-1833), was a New York State Assemblyman for several terms and the town supervisor of Hurley, New York multiple times. Their great-grandfather was Charles DeWitt; they are also a distant cousin of New York Governor DeWitt Clinton through the DeWitt family, as well as a descendant of Louis DuBois.
Their uncle, Matthew Cantine DeWitt, served as Marbletown, New York town supervisor in 1843; their uncle, William Henry Romeyn (who married their aunt Mary Margaret DeWitt) was postmaster of Kingston, New York from 1849 to 1853. Their first cousin was George Macculloch Miller.
See also
References
External links
1837 births
1912 deaths
Rutgers University alumni
Members of the New York State Assembly
County district attorneys in New York (state)
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Politicians from Kingston, New York
19th-century American politicians
Politicians from Paterson, New Jersey
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
A Limousine the Colour of Midsummer's Eve (, ) is a 1981 Latvian TV-film, a comedy directed by Jānis Streičs. Movie was produced by Riga Film Studio. The film was awarded the Latvian National Film Prize Lielais Kristaps in 1981. The film is included into Latvian Culture Canon, and voted all-time best Latvian film in popular vote. It is shown every year on TV prior to the summer solstice festival of Jāņi, which is a national holiday in Latvia. The movie is about the struggle of two related families for the eighty-year-old aunt's inheritance through comic and romantic events.
Plot
The movie begins when old auntie Mirta (Mirta Saknīte) succeeds in a lottery and wins a car which every Soviet citizen longs for – a Zhiguli car. Because of their old age, they cannot use the car herself. And when the word spreads out about their luck, different family members all of a sudden come to their countryside house to 'be helpful' in favour to get the car after aunt's death. Mirta's nephew Ēriks with their wife Dagnija and their son Uģis decided to give up their holiday to Carpathian Mountains just to lay their hands on aunties' legacy. Not only Mirta's nephew decided to surprise them with their arrival but their ex-daughter-in-law Olita together with their new family including their new husband Viktors and their offspring Lāsma.
The funny rivalry between two sides of the family, foolish jealousy of the near living peasants' family, who had always non-selfishly been there for auntie Mirta, is a caricature of greasy human nature. This is a slight humor of the Soviet life details as well. But aunt Mirta isn't a fool, they are still young in their heart until their very last breath, which also can be seen in their last will - to whom they left their car to, a Limousine The Colour Of Midsummer's Eve.
Family members
Aunt Mirta (Mirta Saknīte) — Lilita Bērziņa
Tūteri family
Dagnija — Olga Dreģe
Ēriks — Uldis Dumpis
Uģis — Gundars Āboliņš
Sprēsliņi family
Olita — Baiba Indriksone
Viktors — Boļeslavs Ružs
Lāsma — Diāna Zande
Awards
A Limousine the Colour of Midsummer's Eve in 1981 was named as the best full-length movie that year by Latvian National Movie Festival "Lielais Kristaps".
The movie was also included into Latvian Culture Canon.
Reconstruction
In 2008, the movie was restored from what it originally looked like. All the technical failures that occurred during the filming were improved, including the soundtrack of the film and colours were added where necessary. Also, more detailed information about the main hero of the movie (Lilita Bērziņa) was included into the DVD.
Cast
Lilita Bērziņa ..... Aunt Mirta
Olga Dreģe ..... Dagnija Tūtere
Uldis Dumpis ..... Ēriks Tūters
Gundars Āboliņš ..... Uģis Tūters
Romualds Ancāns ..... Jāzeps Gilučs
Baiba Indriksone ..... Olita Sprēsliņa
Boļeslavs Ružs ..... Viktors Sprēsliņš
Diāna Zande ..... Lāsma Sprēsliņa
Ēvalds Valters ..... Pigalu Prīdis
Līga Liepiņa ..... Veronika Giluča
References
External links
Latvian comedy films
Soviet comedy films
1981 films
Soviet-era Latvian films
Riga Film Studio films
Clydesdale South is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. It elects three councillors. Its territory covers a primarily rural area in western Clydesdale bisected by the M74 motorway; the largest settlements are Blackwood/Kirkmuirhill and Lesmahagow, also including villages such as Coalburn, Douglas and Rigside – these boundaries were unaffected by a 2017 national review. In 2019, the ward had a population of 14,647.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
In 2018 Labour councillor George Greenshields resigned from the party and became an Independent.
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2014 by-election
SNP councillor Archie Manson resigned on 14 March 2014 on health grounds. The by-election was won by the Labour Party's Gordon Muir on 5 June 2014.
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Clydesdale
Lesmahagow
Gothic, also known as Gothic: A Romance, is a 1990 Batman comic book storyline that ran through the Legends of the Dark Knight monthly series and was later compiled into trade paperback form. It was written by Grant Morrison and illustrated by Klaus Janson.
When the senior leaders of Gotham City's mobs find themselves hunted down by a figure from their past they turn to Batman for assistance. Initially reluctant, Batman's investigation into the identity and motives of the murderer uncovers a sordid tale from Gotham's past, a bargain reminiscent of Don Giovanni, an ancient Faustian pact, Gotham City's Cathedral and a forgotten episode from Bruce Wayne's childhood.
Plot
Someone is murdering Gotham's mob bosses one by one. Realizing the connection between them, and that they might be next, Boss Ottavio gathers the remaining bosses and lieutenants and summons Batman using an inverted bat-symbol. The mobsters explain to Batman that the murderer is known as "Mr. Whisper" and was a child killer who killed seven children twenty years ago. Ottavio calls Whisper the "man with no shadow" and asserts that they and their colleagues killed him, but that they wouldn't stay dead. Batman refuses to help the mobsters and leaves, but investigates the murders on their own. The mention of a shadowless man brings to mind an incident from Bruce Wayne's school days when they saw evidence that their principal, Mr. Winchester, not only murdered their school friend, but also cast no shadow. Batman is disturbed as they had chalked this incident up to an overactive imagination. A young woman claiming to be a nun appears at Gotham cathedral and is taken in by Whisper.
Ottavio is killed after drinking poisoned wine, and Whisper is spotted at the scene. Batman confronts him, but Whisper displays superhuman strength and tosses their enemy off the roof of a highrise. After their cape is caught on a gargoyle statue, Batman makes their way back up to the roof and again faces Whisper, who recognizes them as Bruce Wayne. Whisper then jumps off the building himself, walking away from a fall that should have been fatal. Batman decides to fly to Austria after procuring recordings of Mr. Winchester's lectures from their school and analyzing their Austrian accent, as well as accidentally hearing a recording of their father, who mentions the "Drowned Monastery" in Lake Dess. In Vienna, Batman speaks with the father of a local monastery who recounts the tale of Brother Manfred, a monk in the monastery of the Capuchins. Manfred was led astray by a novitiate named Conrad into debauchery and blasphemy. Soon, the other monks in Manfred's order followed their lead, committing terrible sins including the rape and murder of a group of nuns seeking sanctuary, with the worst of it reserved for the youngest nun. According to the story, Manfred then traded their soul to the devil for deliverance from the Black Plague and 300 years of life during which nothing could hurt or kill him. The monk's rampage was only stopped by the flooding of their monastery due to a dam break. According to legend, the spirit of the youngest nun still haunts the drowned monastery. Batman searches the remains of the drowned cathedral, witnesses a vision of the spirit of the nun and finds a blueprint of Gotham Cathedral. Batman realizes that Mr. Whisper, Mr. Winchester, and Brother Manfred are all one and the same.
Batman returns to Gotham and confronts Morganstern, the last mob boss on Whisper's list. Morganstern tells Batman about how they and the other mobsters hunted down Whisper because of the child murders, while subsequent increased police presence were making their operations difficult. When they found him, they tried to kill Whisper but found to their horror that, no matter what they did, their body repaired itself. Ultimately, they decided to chain them up and throw them into Gotham harbor. Batman agrees to be present at a meeting between Morganstern and Whisper at a local warehouse.
Batman arrives at the warehouse to find Morganstern and all their men dead and hanging from the rafters. Whisper then knocks Batman out and ties them up, constructing an elaborate Rube Goldberg/Heath Robinson-style device to kill him. Whisper tells Batman that they remember them as a child, claiming that they would have been Whisper's next victim had their father not taken them out of school. Whisper tells their story, explaining how they gained 300 years by measuring their shadow with a length of twine, their soul becoming trapped in the twine shortly thereafter. They continue recounting how they resolved to cheat the devil from taking their soul. Using the germs from the plague victims in their monastery, Manfred developed a lethal airborne pathogen that will kill everyone in Gotham City. Manfred states that Gotham Cathedral itself is the delivery mechanism for this plague, designed to shatter the vial at midnight and then magically collect the souls of everyone killed so they can offer them up to the devil in exchange for their own. They reveal that the murders of the crime bosses was really just a means of passing the time.
Batman escapes from the trap and arrives to Gotham Cathedral a few minutes before midnight. As they fight Whisper, the floor collapses and they fall into a subway tunnel. The two continue to fight and Batman tosses Whisper into the path of an oncoming train. Batman disables the Cathedral's bell, stopping the next tolling from shattering the plague vial, and thus the plague is kept contained. Shortly after, Whisper is confronted by the young nun who reveals themselves as Lucifer Morningstar, and advises Whisper that You are mine beyond reprieve. You always were. Carrying through with their pact, Lucifer finally takes Manfred to Hell. Later, Bruce Wayne receives a package with Whisper's/Manfred's heart, tied with the very same length of twine that once housed their soul. They fly back to Austria and throws the heart into the river to let the nun killed by Whisper finally rest in peace.
Artistic background and themes
For Gothic, Morrison mixed elements from different media: The initial story arc shows how mobsters searched for and killed Mr. Whisper when there was pressure from the police force to find the child killer who terrorized the city. This part of the story is very similar to the classic noir film M.
An ancient pact between the Monk Manfred (later known to Batman and the organized crime underworld as Mr. Whisper) and the Devil is a reminiscence of the Faustian bargain related to the German legend of Faust.
Morrison also made use of several operas; Don Giovanni, Mozart's famous opera, is mentioned as one of the key elements in Manfred's story, and probably as one of the inspirations Morrison took for Gothic: A Romance. Another important source is the gothic novel The Monk: A Romance, by Matthew Gregory Lewis.
Mr. Whisper's true name, Manfred, is most likely a reference to the protagonist of the dramatic poem Manfred, written by Lord Byron. Throughout the poem, Manfred succeeds in challenging all authoritative powers they come across, and refuses to submit to spirits of higher powers. At the end, Manfred dies defying religious temptations of redemption from sin.
Critical reaction
IGN Comics ranked Batman: Gothic #16 on a list of the 25 greatest Batman graphic novels, saying that "Gothic offers not only a new twist to the origins of Bruce Wayne, but a dark and suspenseful tale perfectly suited for the Dark Knight".
Collected editions
The storyline has been collected into a trade paperback:
Gothic (collects Legends of the Dark Knight #6-10, DC Comics, 1998, , 2007, , Titan Books, )
References
Sources
Callahan, Timothy (2007) Grant Morrison: The Early Years. Masters of the Medium. Sequart Research & Literacy Organization.
External links
Batman: Gothic Review at IGN
Comics by Grant Morrison
Avondale and Stonehouse is one of the twenty wards used to elect members of the South Lanarkshire Council. Created in 2007, it elects three councillors. Its territory covers the small towns of Strathaven and Stonehouse, the villages of Chapelton and Glassford and a rural hinterland to the west up to the local authority borders with East Ayrshire and East Renfrewshire – a 2017 national boundary review removed a corridor of farmland between the White Cart Water and southern East Kilbride where housebuilding was planned (although the nearby Benthall Farm development was not re-assigned at that time, still falling just within Avondale and Stonehouse despite being an extension of the Lindsayfield suburb). This review also caused the loss of one seat from the original four despite the electorate increasing slightly, to balance with other wards with similar populations but only three seats. The population in 2019 was 17,089.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 South Lanarkshire Council election
Source:
2017 Election
2017 South Lanarkshire Council election
Labour Party councillor Margaret Cooper resigned from the party and became Independents in May 2017.
2012 Election
2012 South Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 South Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of South Lanarkshire
Strathaven
Stonehouse, South Lanarkshire
Ally Gilchrist (born 3 March 1995) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Cork City. They have previously played for St Johnstone, Elgin City, Peterhead, Shamrock Rovers, Derry City and Shelbourne.
Career
Ally has been in the St Johnstone youth ranks since 2011. During this time they have spent the majority of their career on loan in Scotland's lower leagues, firstly with Elgin City and then with Peterhead. They made their St Johnstone debut in a 2017–18 UEFA Europa League match against FK Trakai. Gilchrist was released by St Johnstone in December 2017. They signed for League of Ireland Premier Division club Shamrock Rovers soon after their release for the year of 2018 and was transferred to Derry City for 2019, where they played for two seasons. In December 2020, they left Derry to join recently relegated Shelbourne in the League of Ireland First Division.
After winning the 2021 First Division title with Shelbourne, Gilchrist signed for Cork City for the 2022 season to win it again.
Career statistics
Professional appearances – correct as of 2 February 2022.
Honours
Shelbourne
League of Ireland First Division: 2021
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Scottish footballers
Association football defenders
St Johnstone F.C. players
Elgin City F.C. players
Peterhead F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Footballers from Edinburgh
Shamrock Rovers F.C. players
Derry City F.C. players
Shelbourne F.C. players
Cork City F.C. players
William Hodge McKinlay (23 August 1904 — 1976) was a Scottish professional footballer who made 356 competitive appearances for Nottingham Forest. They also played for Bathgate, Alloa Athletic and Albion Rovers in the Scottish Football League.
Their nephew Bob McKinlay also played for Nottingham Forest, and holds the club's all-time appearance record.
Career statistics
References
1904 births
1976 deaths
Date of death missing
Scottish footballers
People from Dysart, Fife
Footballers from Fife
Association football wing halves
Nottingham Forest F.C. players
English Football League players
Scottish Football League players
Bathgate F.C. players
Alloa Athletic F.C. players
Albion Rovers F.C. players
The Supporters Range () is a rugged range of mountains in Antarctica, 40 km long, bordering the eastern side of Mill Glacier, from Keltie Glacier in the north to Mill Stream Glacier in the south.
So named by the New Zealand GSAE (1961–62) because several peaks of the range are named after supporters of Ernest Shackleton's British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09).
the highest mountain being Mount White, which is about 3470m above sea level.
Among the mountains in this range is Mount Iveagh, a 3422-metre peak on the east side of the Beardmore Glacier. Mount Iveagh was discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition and named for Edward Guinness, 1st Earl of Iveagh, of the firm of Guinness, who helped finance the expedition.
Features
Geographical features include:
Ashworth Glacier
Jensen Glacier
Laird Glacier
Mill Glacier
Mill Stream Glacier
Mount Henry Lucy
Mount Iveagh
Mount Judd
Mount Kinsey
Mount Westminster
Mount White
Ranfurly Point
Scully Terrace
Snakeskin Glacier
References
Queen Maud Mountains
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Ambition Entertainment is an entertainment company consisting of five core businesses: recorded music, artist management, music publishing, artist merchandise and live events.
Ambition Entertainment is made up of labels
Ambition Records
Fanfare Records
Fanfare Classics
Fanfare Jazz
One Take Records
Ambition Special Products
All Ambition Entertainment releases are distributed in Australia by Sony Music Entertainment Australia Pty Ltd. Ambition Entertainment is fully accredited by ARIA and report sales daily for chart inclusion.
In September 2016, it was announced that Ambition Entertainment had signed a distribution deal with Sony Music Australia.
Ambitions' record label focus on adult contemporary, jazz, classical and country music.
Current artists
Anthony Warlow
Beccy Cole
Captain & Tennille
Charlie A'Court
Colin Buchanan
Dave Loew
Denis Walter
Don Burrows
Gilbert O'Sullivan
James Morrison
Jon English
Julie Anthony
K.D. Lang
Kevin Johnson
Leo Sayer
Marcia Hines
Marina Prior
Mark Sholtez
Mary Kiani
Michael Crawford
Mormon Tabernacle Choir
Mirusia
Nicolas De Angelis
Olivia Newton-John
Paulini
Renée Geyer
Richard Clayderman
Russell Morris
The Celtic Tenors
The Everly Brothers
Tim Draxl
Tina Arena
Todd McKenney
Wendy Matthews
References
External links
Record label distributors
Australian independent record labels
Record labels established in 2009
2009 establishments in Australia
Maurice Klippel (30 May 1858 – 20 July 1942) was a French physician, for whom the conditions Klippel–Feil syndrome and Klippel–Trénaunay–Weber syndrome are named.
They were born in Mulhouse, Haut-Rhin and studied medicine in Paris, earning their doctorate in 1889. In 1902, they became director of a department of general medicine at the Hôpital Tenon, where they remained until their retirement in 1924.
They published articles on a wide array of medical topics, their best known written works being in the fields of neurology and psychiatry. Their treatises on cerebral syphilis, tumors and abscesses were published in Brouardel and Gilbert's Traité de médecine (1901).
References
External links
1858 births
1942 deaths
People from Mulhouse
French neurologists
Where Eskimos Live (AKA Tam, gdzie żyją Eskimosi) is a feature film released in 2002. It was a Polish-American-British and Germany co-operation.
Sharkey, posing as a UNICEF rescuer of war orphans but really part of the sinister world of child trafficking, picks up Vlado, an orphan of war dreaming of freedom and a better life. They embark upon a strange and enlightening journey through war-torn Bosnia. As they struggle to leave the country and fight to stay alive, they discover love and compassion from which emerges moral and spiritual redemption.
Cast
Bob Hoskins as Sharkey
Sergiusz Żymełka as Vlado
Krzysztof Majchrzak as Colonel Vuko
Marcin Dorociński as musician on christenings
Przemysław Sadowski as deserter
Katarzyna Bargiełowska as crying woman
Mirosław Baka as principal
Szymon Bobrowski as physician
Jarosław Boberek as truck driver
Marek Kasprzyk as head of the Russian mafia
Tomasz Dedek as member of the Russian mafia
Bronisław Pawlik as old man in the library
Piotr Grabowski as soldier
Dariusz Malesza as boy with gang
Andrzej Chyra as lawyer
Miraj Grbić as an additional actor
External links
German war drama films
English-language German films
English-language Polish films
2002 films
2002 drama films
Bosnian War films
American war drama films
British war drama films
Yugoslav Wars in fiction
2000s war drama films
Polish war drama films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
2000s British films
2000s German films
Buzzard Run is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County, West Virginia. It is a tributary of Lynncamp Run.
Buzzard Run was descriptively named by the Native Americans (Indians).
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County, West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
James McCourt is a British television presenter/host, royal expert, correspondent, and celebrity interviewer.
Career
Television
James is a host, celebrity interviewer, correspondent, a certified life coach and a royal expert for CNN International, E! The Real Princess Diaries: From Diana to Meghan, Weekend Express and The Daily Share on HLN (TV channel), Extra on NBC, Game Show Network's Cover Story and in 2019 Entertainment Tonight's ET Live in the same capacity. They also write for Life & Style (magazine), In Touch Weekly and Closer Weekly for Bauer Media Group on this subject.
James has appeared as one of the Los Angeles correspondents for Good Morning Britain, appearing for the first time in August 2015 and a showbiz correspondent for Talkradio since March 2016. In the UK they have hosted various The National Lottery Draws on BBC One as well as the EuroMillions draw on UKTV Gold. They reported for Travel Channel and hosted Studio Disney UK, Hot Wired, an educational programme for Channel 4 and Glory ball for Challenge.
James has appeared in the United States on TV Guide Network, hosting Diana: Memories of a Princess and featured regularly as their UK correspondent. They could also be seen on the new E! entertainment series "Sexiest....", was the live voice of '1 vs. 100' via Xbox Live Primetime in the UK and Ireland during Season 1.
In their early career James worked for BBC Radio Sheffield and was lead singer of their own pop band - they still occasionally writes songs for musical theatre shows.
Personal life
Their younger brother is the television and radio presenter Richard McCourt, of Dick and Dom fame.
References
External links
Living people
People educated at Tapton School
British television presenters
Year of birth missing (living people)
io_uring (previously known as aioring) is a Linux kernel system call interface for storage device asynchronous I/O operations addressing performance issues with similar interfaces provided by functions like / or / etc. for operations on data accessed by file descriptors.
It was primarily developed by Jens Axboe at Facebook.
Interface
Internally it works by creating two buffers dubbed as "queue rings" (circular buffers) for storage of submission and completion of I/O requests (for storage devices, submission queue (SQ) and completion queue (CQ) respectively). Keeping these buffers shared between the kernel and application helps to boost the I/O performance by eliminating the need to issue extra and expensive system calls to copy these buffers between the two. According to the io_uring design paper, the SQ buffer is writable only by consumer application, and the CQ buffer only by the kernel.
The API provided by library for userspace (applications) can be used to interact with the kernel interface more easily.
Both kernel interface and library were adopted in Linux 5.1 kernel version.
The Linux kernel has had asynchronous I/O since version 2.5, but it was seen as difficult to use and inefficient. The old API only supported certain niche use cases.
References
External links
Efficient I/O with io_uring, in-depth description of motivation behind io_uring, interface (data structures etc.), and performance assessment
Interfaces of the Linux kernel
Linux kernel features
Articles with underscores in the title
Educational and Psychological Measurement is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of educational psychology. The journal's editor-in-chief is George A. Marcoulides (University of California, Santa Barbara). It was established in 1941 and is published by Sage Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.663, ranking it 7th out of 13 journals in the category "Psychology, Mathematical", 25th out of 59 journals in the category "Psychology, Educational", and 37th out of 103 journals in "Mathematics, Interdisciplinary Applications".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Educational psychology journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1941
Carolyn Roberts is a British water resource management specialist, and the Frank Jackson Professor of the Environment at Gresham College, London.  They are a senior scientist at the University of Oxford's Knowledge Transfer Network (KTN), which links business and universities in promoting environmental technology research and innovation.
Roberts is a Fellow of the Institution of Environmental Sciences, a Chartered Environmentalist and a Chartered Scientist, a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Water and Environmental Management, and a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society.
References
Living people
British environmentalists
British women environmentalists
Professors of Gresham College
Fellows of the Royal Geographical Society
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nate is a given name, frequently used as a diminutive of Nathan or Nathaniel.
People
Arts and entertainment
Nate Albert (born 1970), American musician best known as a guitarist for ska-core band The Mighty Mighty Bosstones
Nate Mooney (born 1971) American actor
Nate Barnes, American singer
Nate Berkus (born 1971), American interior designer, author, TV host and television personality
Nate Corddry (born 1977), American actor
Nate Dogg (1969–2011), American rapper, singer, and actor
Nate Kelley (born 1978), original drummer and backing vocalist for the progressive rock band Shabutie
Nate Richert (born 1978), American actor and musician
Nate Parker (born 1979), American actor and musical performer
Nate Ruess (born 1982), American singer-songwriter and musician, best known as the lead vocalist of indie rock band Fun
Nate Walcott (born 1978), American musical composer, arranger, and multi-instrumentalist
Politicians
Nate Bell (born 1969), American politician
Nate Gentry, American politician
Nate Steel, American politician
Sports
Nate Allen (cornerback) (born 1948), former National Football League cornerback
Nate Allen (safety) (born 1987), American football safety
Nate Archibald (born 1948), American Hall of Fame National Basketball Association player
Nate Barragar (1906–1985), American collegiate and professional football player
Nate Becker (born 1996), American football player
Nate Blackwell (born 1965), American retired basketball player
Nate Bowman (1943–1984), American basketball player
Nate Brooks (American football) (born 1996), American football player
Nate Burkey (born 1985), American-Filipino association football player
Nate Byham (born 1988), American football tight end
Nate Chandler (born 1989), American football offensive tackle
Nate Clements (born 1979), American former National Football League player
Nate Collins (born 1987), American football defensive tackle
Nate Darling (born 1998), Canadian basketball player
Nate Davis (quarterback) (born 1987), American football quarterback
Nate Davis (offensive lineman) (born 1996), American football player
Nate Diaz (born 1985), American mixed martial artist and UFC fighter
Nate Duffy, an American football coach in the United States
Nate Dusing (born 1978), American former competition swimmer, Olympic medalist and former world champion
Nate Ebner (born 1998), American National Football League player and Olympic rugby player
Nate Erdmann (born 1973), American former professional basketball player
Nate Fish (born 1980), American baseball player and coach
Nate Freiman (born 1986), American baseball player
Nate Garner (born 1985), American football offensive tackle
Nate Hairston (born 1994), American football player
Nate Hall (born 1996), American football player
Nate Harvey (born 1996), American football player
Nate Herbig (born 1994), American football player
Nate Higgs, American/Spanish basketball player and coach
Nate Hinton (born 1999), American basketball player
Nate Hobbs (born 1999), American football player
Nate Hobgood-Chittick (born 1974), American football player
Nate Holland (born 1978), American snowboarder
Nate Huffman (1975–2015), American basketball player
Nate Hybl (born 1979), American football player
Nate Irving (born 1988), American football player
Nate Kaeding (born 1982), American football player
Nate Landman (born 1998), American football player
Nate Libby, American politician
Nate Livings (born 1982), American football player
Nate Lubell (1916–2006), American Olympic fencer
Nate McCrary (born 1999), American football player
Nate McLouth (born 1981), American baseball player
Nate McMillan (born 1964), NBA coach
Nate Meadors (born 1997), American football player
Nate Miller (boxer) (born 1963), American boxer
Nate Miller (defensive back) (born 1958), American football player
Nate Miller (offensive lineman) (born 1971), American football player
Nate Mulberg, American baseball coach
Nate Odomes (born 1965), American football player
Nate Palmer (born 1989), American football linebacker
Nate Potter (born 1988), American football offensive tackle
Nate Roberts (skier) (born 1982), American freestyle skier
Nate Robinson (born 1984), American professional basketball player
Nate Schierholtz (born 1984), American professional baseball outfielder
Nate Sestina (born 1997), American basketball player in the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Nate Silver (quarterback), American football player
Nate Singleton (born 1968), American former football wide receiver
Nate Smith (catcher) (born 1935), retired American baseball player
Nate Smith (golfer) (born 1983), American golfer
Nate Solder (born 1988), American football offensive lineman
Nate Stanley (born 1997), American football player
Nate Stupar (born 1988), American football linebacker
Nate Thurmond (1941-2016), American basketball player
Nate Trewyn (born 1996), American football player
Nate Turner (born 1969), American former football running back
Nate Washington (born 1983), American football wide receiver
Nate Watt (1889–1968), American film director
Nate Wayne (born 1975), American former football linebacker
Nate Wozniak (born 1994), American football player
Other professions
Nate Silver (born 1978), American statistician and writer
Fictional characters
Nate the Great, the main character of the children's detective stories series of the same name
Nate River in the manga series Death Note
Nate N. Nickerson in NBC's The Office
Nate Potato in the 2011 British animated short series Small Potatoes
Nate Roberts in the British TV series The Bill
Nate Salinger in the American soap opera One Life to Live
Nate Tenbury-Newent in the British soap opera Hollyoaks
Nate Williamsen, a lead character in Nate and Hayes, a 1983 swashbuckling adventure film
Nate Wright, the main character in the comic strip Big Nate
Nathan Young in the British sci-fi TV show Misfits
Uncle Nate, a character in 1998 American comedy movie My Giant
Nate Thompson, Main Character in the adult animated sitcom The Thompson
See also
Nat (disambiguation)
Nate (disambiguation)
English masculine given names
Hypocorisms
The 2012 German Football League season was the thirty fourth edition of the top-level American football competition in Germany and thirteenth since the renaming of the American football Bundesliga to German Football league.
League tables
GFL
The league tables of the two GFL divisions:
Key
References
External links
Official GFL website
GFL 2012
Gfl
Gfl
German Football League seasons
The men's 1500 metres event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 10 and 11 March in Rotterdam.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Held on 10 March.
First 3 from each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
Held on 11 March.
References
1500 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
1500
Upper Welland is a small settled area within the civil parish of Malvern Wells, in Worcestershire, England. Lying close to the county boundaries of Herefordshire.It was formed when the upper part of Welland parish joined the newly created Malvern Hills Urban District. Welland Parish once stretched to the ridge of the Malvern Hills.
Villages in Worcestershire
2015 Tunisia attack may refer to:
Bardo National Museum attack in March
2015 Tunis barracks shooting in May
2015 Sousse attacks in June
2015 Tunis bombing in November
MV Normandie is a ferry operated by Brittany Ferries. They were built at Kværner Masa-Yards Turku New Shipyard in Finland and has been sailing for Brittany Ferries since 1992.
SECA 2015 refit
On the 1st January 2015, the EU (including the North Sea, English Channel, Eastern side of the Western Channel and Baltic Sea) will have sulfur in marine fuel cut from the allowance in 2014 of 1% to 0.1% of sulphur allowed. Later that month, Brittany Ferries then announced three intentions; To fit scrubbers to a number of older vessels, to convert newer vessels to LNG, and to construct a new LNG powered ferry. Later, Brittany Ferries withdrew and cancelled the order for a new LNG-powered ferry and for the LNG conversions, and instead announced that all vessels were to have scrubbers systems fitted. Accordingly, Normandie was fitted with a scrubber in October 2015. In the same dry dock visit, improvements were made to their public areas.
Routes served
Portsmouth-Caen (Ouistreham) 1992–present
Normandie rarely strays from the route for which they were built, however they have operated between Portsmouth and Cherbourg on a number of sailings, mostly for Christmas and New Year layovers but also in 1994 to transport the Tour de France back to its home country after a leg in the United Kingdom.
In late 2016, Brittany Ferries signed a letter of intent with Flensburger Schiffbau-Gesellschaft for a new cruise ferry between Portsmouth-Caen to be delivered in 2019. The new vessel, Honfleur, will result in a fleet movement with Normandie assigned to the Portsouth-Le Havre service from late 2019.
In June 2020 Brittany Ferries announced the cancellation of the Honfleur contract with the Flensburger Schiffbau-Gesellschaft shipyard in Germany meaning Normandie will remain in the Portsmouth-Caen route.
External links
Official Brittany Ferries Website
about MV Normandie Official Brittany Ferries Website
Ferries of the United Kingdom
Ferries of France
Cruiseferries
Ships built in Turku
1991 ships
The Lionheart School is a 501(c)3 non-profit independent school for children ages 5 to 21 with autism or other disorders of relating and communicating. The school was established in 2000 and is located in Alpharetta, Georgia, United States. Lionheart was awarded SACS/SAIS (Southern Association of Colleges and Schools/ Southern Association of Independent Schools) Accreditation in 2008. Lionheart is a member of GISA (Georgia Independent Schools Association). Lionheart currently serves 30 students, and is embarking on a capital campaign in order to move to a larger space and enroll more students. The school was featured in an article in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution on August 17, 2008.
References
External links
Schools for people on the autistic spectrum
Schools in Fulton County, Georgia
Special schools in the United States
2000 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
501(c)(3) organizations
Educational institutions established in 2000
Private elementary schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Private middle schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Private high schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Autism-related organizations in the United States
Mental health organizations in Georgia (U.S. state)
The Puntland Development Research Center (PDRC) is a Local Non-Governmental Organization (LNGO) based in Garowe, the administrative capital of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia. It plays a key role in research and funding for the development of local peace and effective governance initiatives.
Profile
The PDRC is governed by a board of directors consisting of seven members; five men and two women. It is led by director Abdurahman Abdulle Osman (Shuke).
The center's stated goal is to promote peace-building and national reconstruction following the Somali Civil War and its after-effects. Through dialogue among key national and international actors, the PDRC seeks to encourage democratic values. In the process, it hopes to advance social and economic development by respecting human rights, efficiently utilizing resources and equal treatment of locals.
History
The PDRC was founded on October 30, 1999.
In the past decade, it had made several attempts to improve upon the quality of governance in Puntland. To this end, the center implemented in 2001 the Puntland Peace Mission (PPM), an initiative that sought to resolve differences between the region's then administration and opposition groups. The PDRC also organized peace rallies across the province.
In early 2004, the PDRC also began to emphasize the need for research in areas such as the democratization of Puntland's political system, public revenue management, consolidation of the Mudug peace agreement and national reconciliation. It showed the initiatives that have been made to improve the quality of governance in Somalia. That same year, the PDRC collaborated with the War-torn Societies Project (WSP) in an effort to avoid a power vacuum in Puntland's then political structure.
More recently, the PDRC has continued to play a key role in research and funding for the development of peace and effective governance initiatives in Puntland. According to the PDRC, good governance increases people's participation in decision-making, enables the decentralization of power from the center to regional and community levels, and allows transparency in decision-making.
In 2016, PDRC changed its name from "Puntland Development Research Center" to "Peace and Development Research Center". The reason is that PDRC plans to expand its presence and work throughout the rest of Somalia. PDRC is in partnership with Interpeace, a Geneva-based, non-profit peace building organization.
See also
Puntland
References
Organisations based in Puntland
Organizations established in 1999
1999 establishments in Somalia
Paul Lindsey Craig (born 27 November 1987) is a Scottish mixed martial artist who competes in the Light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). A professional competitor since 2013, Craig formerly competed for BAMMA, where they were the BAMMA World Light Heavyweight Champion.As of September 13, 2022, they are #9 in the UFC light heavyweight rankings.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Craig's head coach Brian Gallagher took them from no martial arts experience to 8–0 as an amateur, with each of their wins coming via first-round stoppage. As a professional, Craig went 8–0 over four years before being signed by the UFC.
In November 2014, Craig won a K1-rules fight in Germany.
Craig won the BAMMA World Light heavyweight Championship at BAMMA 23 when they defeated Marcin Lazarz by submission. They were set to defend their title against Chris Fields in Dublin, although the fight was postponed following the death of Portuguese fighter Joao Carvalho. The match up was rescheduled, but failed to take place due to Craig's damaging their ankle ligaments. Craig did not end up defending the title, as they signed a 4-fight deal with the UFC.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Craig made their promotional debut against Luis Henrique da Silva on 17 December 2016 at UFC on Fox: VanZant vs. Waterson. They won the fight via submission in Round 2 and was awarded a Performance of the Night bonus.
Craig faced Tyson Pedro on 4 March 2017 at UFC 209. They lost the bout via first-round TKO.
Craig faced Khalil Rountree at UFC Fight Night: Nelson vs. Ponzinibbio on 16 July 2017. They lost the fight via knockout in the first round.
Craig faced Magomed Ankalaev on 17 March 2018 at UFC Fight Night 127. They won the fight via submission at 4:59 in Round 3, resulting in the latest submission finish in a 3-round fight in UFC history. They were also awarded a Performance of the Night bonus.
Following the win against Ankalaev, Craig signed a new, four-fight contract with UFC.
Craig faced promotional newcomer Jimmy Crute on 2 December 2018 at UFC Fight Night 142. They lost the fight via kimura in the third round.
Craig faced promotional newcomer Kennedy Nzechukwu on 30 March 2019 at UFC on ESPN 2. They won the fight via submission due to a triangle choke in the third round. This win earned them the Performance of the Night award.
Craig faced Alonzo Menifield on 29 June 2019 at UFC on ESPN 3: Ngannou vs. Dos Santos. They lost the fight via knockout in the first round.
Craig faced Vinicius Moreira on 21 September 2019 at UFC on ESPN+ 17. They won the fight via a rear-naked choke submission in the first round.> This win earns Craig their fourth Performance of the Night award.
Craig stepped in on short notice to face Maurício Rua on 16 November 2019 at UFC on ESPN+ 22, replacing Sam Alvey, who had withdrawn from the bout due to a broken hand. After three rounds, the back-and-forth fight was declared a split draw.
Craig was expected to face Ryan Spann on 21 March 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Woodley vs. Edwards. However, the event was cancelled.
Craig faced Gadzhimurad Antigulov on 26 July 2020 at UFC on ESPN 14. They won the fight via submission in round one. This win earned them the Performance of the Night award.
Craig faced Maurício Rua in a rematch on 21 November 2020 at UFC 255. They won the fight via technical knockout in round two.
Craig was scheduled to face Jamahal Hill on 20 March 2021 UFC on ESPN 21. However on 10 March, Hill withdrew from the bout after testing positive for COVID-19. The match was rescheduled for 12 June 2021 at UFC 263. Craig won the bout via TKO in round one after snapping Hill's elbow with an armbar. This win earned them the Performance of the Night award.
Craig was scheduled to face Alexander Gustafsson on 4 September 2021 at UFC Fight Night 191. However, a week before the event, Gustafsson withdrew due to injury.
Craig faced Nikita Krylov on March 19, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 204. They won the fight via a triangle choke in round one. With this win, they received the Performance of the Night award.
Craig faced Volkan Oezdemir on July 23, 2022, at UFC Fight Night 208. They lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
Craig competed in the 2015 British Pro Jiu Jitsu Championship, taking 1st place in the Purple Belt 95+ kg Division and qualifying for the Abu Dhabi World Professional Jiu-Jitsu Championship. They also took 3rd place in the Absolute Purple 75+ kg Division. After defeating Jamahal Hill in 2021, Craig was promoted to black belt.
On 27/08/22, Craig defeated Sam Sweeney in a tough, back and forth sub only grappling match at Holytown Havoc 2.
Personal life
Paul played football before becoming an MMA fighter. They also worked as a football coach before becoming a teacher for an educational charity.
Championships and accomplishments
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night (Seven times)
Second most submission wins in the UFC Light Heavyweight division history (6)
Most triangle choke submission wins in the UFC Light Heavyweight division history (4)
BAMMA
BAMMA World Light heavyweight Championship (One time)
MMAJunkie.com
2019 March Submission of the Month vs. Kennedy Nzechukwu
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|16–5–1
|Volkan Oezdemir
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Blaydes vs. Aspinall
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|London, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|16–4–1
|Nikita Krylov
|Submission (triangle choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Volkov vs. Aspinall
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:57
|London, England
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|15–4–1
|Jamahal Hill
|TKO (elbows and punches)
|UFC 263
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:59
|Glendale, Arizona, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|14–4–1
|Maurício Rua
|TKO (submission to punches)
|UFC 255
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:36
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|13–4–1
|Gadzhimurad Antigulov
|Submission (triangle choke)
|UFC on ESPN: Whittaker vs. Till
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:06
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Draw
|align=center|
|Maurício Rua
|Draw (split)
|UFC Fight Night: Błachowicz vs. Jacaré
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|12–4
|Vinicius Moreira
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Rodríguez vs. Stephens
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:19
|Mexico City, Mexico
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|11–4
|Alonzo Menifield
|KO (punches)
|UFC on ESPN: Ngannou vs. dos Santos
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:19
|Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|11–3
|Kennedy Nzechukwu
|Submission (triangle choke)
|UFC on ESPN: Barboza vs. Gaethje
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:20
|Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|10–3
|Jimmy Crute
|Submission (kimura)
|UFC Fight Night: dos Santos vs. Tuivasa
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:51
|Adelaide, Australia
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–2
|Magomed Ankalaev
|Submission (triangle choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Werdum vs. Volkov
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|4:59
|London, England
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|9–2
|Khalil Rountree Jr.
|KO (punches)
|UFC Fight Night: Nelson vs. Ponzinibbio
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:56
|Glasgow, Scotland
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|9–1
|Tyson Pedro
|TKO (elbows)
|UFC 209
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:10
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–0
|Henrique da Silva
|Submission (armbar)
|UFC on Fox: VanZant vs. Waterson
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|1:59
|Sacramento, California, United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–0
|Marcin Łazarz
|Submission (triangle choke)
|BAMMA 23
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:51
|London, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–0
| Karl Moore
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| BAMMA 22
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 0:48
| Dublin, Ireland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–0
| Adam Wright
| Submission (armbar)
| Animalistic MMA: Rise of the Alpha
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:47
| Preston, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–0
| Andrzej Bachorz
| Submission (brabo choke)
| FightStar Championship 5
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:37
| Coventry, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Dan Konecke
| TKO (punches)
| First Fighting Championship: Resurgence
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:18
| Hamilton, Scotland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Jon Ferguson
| Submission (triangle choke)
| Full Contact Contender 10
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:50
| Bolton, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Antonio Braga
| Submission (triangle choke)
| Underdog Xtreme Championships 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:41
| Belfast, Northern Ireland
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Brad Conway
| Submission (triangle choke)
| First Fighting Championship 3: Prepare For Glory
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:00
| Hamilton, Scotland
|
|-
|}
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Light heavyweight mixed martial artists
Scottish male mixed martial artists
British wushu practitioners
Sportspeople from Airdrie, North Lanarkshire
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Mixed martial artists utilizing wushu
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Scottish practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Piprites is a genus of bird traditionally placed in the family Tyrannidae.
Species
The genus Piprites contains 3 species:
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Irlian Ceka (born 3 March 1998) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Albanian club KF Laçi.
Club career
Early career
Sambenedettese
On 13 July 2017 they were bought by Serie C team Sambenedettese.
KF Laçi
Ceka joined KF Laçi in January 2019, after signing a 2,5-year contract with the club.
International career
Ceka received their first international call up from the Albania national under-21 team by coach Alban Bushi for the Friendly match against France U21 on 5 June 2017 and the 2019 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification opening match against Estonia U21 on 12 June 2017. They made their competitive debut for Albania U21 against Estonia U21 on 12 June 2017 under coach Alban Bushi playing the full 90-minutes match to help their side to take a goalless draw. They received their first call up for the Albania under-20 side by same coach of the under-21 team Alban Bushi for the friendly match against Georgia on 14 November 2017. They debuted for under-20 team against Georgia by playing as a starter until 55th minute when they were substituted off for Marco Hoxha with score at 1–0 and the entire match finished in an eventual 3–0 loss.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
https://us.soccerway.com/players/irlian-ceka/377085/
Irlian Ceka profile Serie A TIM
Irlian Ceka profile Calcio.com
Irlian Ceka profile at FSHF.org
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Rome
Italian people of Albanian descent
Association football fullbacks
Albanian footballers
Albania youth international footballers
Albania under-21 international footballers
A.S. Roma players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
S.S. Lazio players
A.S. Sambenedettese players
KF Laçi players
KF Apolonia Fier players
Serie C players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kategoria e Parë players
The White Room was an Australian television trivia game show broadcast on the Seven Network. The show was hosted by Tony Moclair and Julian Schiller. It debuted on 11 February 2010, and last aired on 18 February 2010, as the show was cancelled after just 2 episodes.
References
External links
2010 Australian television series debuts
2010 Australian television series endings
Seven Network original programming
2010s Australian game shows
Samuel Edwards (c.1668–1738) of Frodesley, Shropshire, was a British government official and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1722 to 1738
Edwards was the son of John Edwards of Pentre, Montgomeryshire. In 1697, they were a minor official at the Exchequer. They married Rebecca Godolphin, daughter of John Godolphin of Doctors' Commons, London on 24 November 1699 and afterwards kept a close connection with the Godolphin family. Early in 1700 they were promoted to deputy teller of the Exchequer under Francis Godolphin who was a teller of the receipt. They kept their position under subsequent holders of the office. They were appointed trustee for keeper of Windsor Great Park in 1709 and held other offices including cashier and paymaster of Exchequer bills, and director in several lotteries. They married as their second wife, Elizabeth Jones, daughter of a Shropshire clergyman in September 1723.
Edwards acquired land in Shropshire at Frodesley and on Wenlock Edge, near Wenlock. They were elected Whig Member of Parliament for Wenlock in a contest at the 1722, probably on the joint interests of William Forester and Lord Bradford. They were re-elected MP for Wenlock in 1727 and 1734. They consistently voted with the Government.
Edwards died aged 70 on 12 June 1738,. They left two sons by their first wife of whom Godolphin was Mayor of Shrewsbury in 1730.
References
1660s births
1738 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
, also referred to as CKB, is a Japanese musical group formed in 1997 by its lead vocalist, writer and composer Ken Yokoyama. The band first came together in 1991 under the name "CK's", with a four-member lineup: Ken Yokoyama, Keiichi Hiroishi, Masao Onose and Shinya Horaguchi. This incarnation of the group was centred on a 15-man instrumental and vocal group. In 1997, Keiichi Nakanishi became the fifth member and the group's name was changed to "Crazy Ken Band".
The band made its debut in June 1998 with the album Punch! Punch! Punch!. In 2000, support member Toraji Shingū became a full member of the band. The group's first single, "Nikutai Kankei", was released in June 2001. In 2003, HMV Japan ranked the band at #98 in their "Top 100 Japanese pops Artists". In 2005, their song "Tiger & Dragon" was used as the theme song of the critically acclaimed TBS drama of the same name.
The group's first compilation album, CKBB - Oldies But Goodies was released on March 3, 2004, reaching a chart position of #9 and remaining on the charts for forty-nine weeks. A set of compilation albums, Best Tsuru and Best Kame, their third and fourth compilation albums respectively, were released on February 24, 2010. Both were successful; Tsuru charted at #10 on the Oricon weekly chart, selling 13,323 copies in its first week, while Kame charted at #11, selling 12,158 copies in its first week.
and , two songs from Galaxy, were featured in the 2006 video game Yakuza 2. "December 17" was later featured on Best Tsuru.
Members
- lead vocalist, chorus, writer, composer, arrangement and keyboardist
- electric guitar and chorus
- electric guitar and keyboard
- saxophone, flute
- bass
- drums, percussion, bandmaster
- keyboard, arrangement
- vocals, chorus
- vocals, chorus
- trombone, flute
- trumpet, flugelhorn
- percussion
Discography
Singles
Studio albums
12-inch albums
Digital albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
External links
Official website
References
Japanese rock music groups
Universal Music Japan artists
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1635.
Events
February 22 – In Paris, the Académie française is founded.
May 6 – The King's Men perform Othello at the Blackfriars Theatre in London.
July 16 – Birth of René Descartes' daughter, Francine, at Deventer.
August 23 – A few days before their death, beset by family troubles, Lope de Vega writes their last poems.
Ottoman Turkish poet Nef'i is garroted in the grounds of the Topkapı Palace in Istanbul for their satirical verses.
Wallachian statesman Udriște Năsturel pays lyrical tribute to Prince Matei Basarab, their brother-in-law. Though composed and published in Slavonic, this is the first blason in Romanian literature, and by some accounts the first-ever Romanian poem.
New books
Prose
Sir Kenelm Digby – A Conference with a Lady about choice of a Religion
Thomas Heywood – The Hierarchy of the Blessed Angels
Tirso de Molina – Deleitar aprovechando
John Selden – Mare Clausum
Drama
Francis Bristowe – King Free-Will
Richard Brome – The Sparagus Garden
Pierre Corneille – Médée
William Davenant
News from Plymouth
The Platonick Lovers
The Temple of Love (masque)
Pedro Calderón de la Barca – Life is a Dream (La vida es sueño)
Isaac de Benserade – Cléopâtre
Henry Glapthorne
The Hollander
The Lady Mother (attr.)
Richard Lovelace – The Scholars
Jean Mairet – Le Marc-Antoine, ou la Cléopâtre
Thomas Nabbes – Hannibal and Scipio
Jean Rotrou – La Bague de l'oubli
Joseph Rutter – The Shepherd's Holiday performed at Court and published
James Shirley – The Coronation, The Lady of Pleasure performed; The Traitor published
Poetry
See 1635 in poetry
Births
January 13 – Philipp Jakob Spener, German theologian (died 1706)
February 1 – Marquard Gude, German classicist and archeologist (died 1689)
February 21 – Thomas Flatman, English poet and miniaturist (died 1688)
June 3 – Philippe Quinault, French dramatist and librettist (died 1688)
September 20 (baptism) – Thomas Sprat, English theologian and bishop (died 1713)
Deaths
March – Thomas Randolph, English poet and dramatist (born 1605)
April 7 – Leonard Digges, English poet (born 1588)
April 25 – Alessandro Tassoni, Italian poet (born 1565)
July 28 – Richard Corbet (Richard Corbett), English poet and bishop (born 1582)
August (burial) – Richard Whitbourne, English Newfoundland colonist and writer (born 1561)
August 27 – Lope de Vega, Spanish dramatist and poet (born 1562)
October 18 – Jean de Schelandre, French poet (born c. 1585)
November 8 – Aodh Buidhe Mac an Bhaird, Irish poet, historian and friar (born c. 1593)
November 25 – Dr John Hall, English medical writer and son-in-law of William Shakespeare (born 1575)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Charles Carpenter Meeker (born July 27, 1950) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as the 34th Mayor of Raleigh, North Carolina. They were first elected in 2001 over Republican Paul Coble, and reelected for a fifth two-year term in 2009. A fifth term tied Meeker with Avery C. Upchurch as Raleigh's longest-serving mayor.
 They are the son of Leonard C. Meeker who served as United States Ambassador to Romania from 1969 to 1973 and brother of architect Sarah Meeker Jensen
Career
Meeker is a Raleigh-based lawyer whose firm focuses on local government issues, including public transportation and development. In their five terms as mayor and during previous service on the Raleigh City Council (1985–89 and 1991–95), Meeker, living and raising their family in Boylan Heights, advocated downtown redevelopment and the creation of a light rail system connecting Raleigh to Durham, Research Triangle Park, and Chapel Hill under the auspices of the Triangle Transit Authority. They also successfully pushed for the construction of a new downtown convention center and hotel, as well as the reconstruction of Fayetteville Street, a $9.33 million project to convert the pedestrian mall to an urban "main street" with outdoor dining, art galleries, and open spaces.
Meeker was a member of the Mayors Against Illegal Guns Coalition.
Meeker announced in April 2011 that they would not run for a sixth term.
They were a candidate for North Carolina Commissioner of Labor in the 2016 election, losing to Republican incumbent Cherie K. Berry.
Upon leaving office, they joined the Charlotte-based law firm of Parker Poe Adams & Bernstein LLP as a partner in the firm's Raleigh office.
Education
Charles Meeker received their BA in 1972 from Yale University and in 1975 received their JD from Columbia University.
Meeker became a member of the North Carolina bar in 1975 and a member of the District of Columbia bar in 1984.
See also
List of mayors of Raleigh, North Carolina
References
External links
Parker Poe biography
News & Observer: Meeker makes their mark on Raleigh
1950 births
Columbia Law School alumni
Living people
Mayors of Raleigh, North Carolina
North Carolina Democrats
North Carolina lawyers
Raleigh City Council members
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
Yale College alumni
Başmakçı is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
The 2021–22 Southern Football League season was the 119th in the history of the Southern League since its establishment in 1894. The league had two Premier divisions (Central and South) at Step 3 of the National League System (NLS) and two Division One divisions (Central and South) at Step 4. These correspond to levels 7 and 8 of the English football league system.
The allocations for Step 4 this season were announced by The Football Association (FA) on 17 May 2021.
The scheduled restructuring of the non-League system took place at the end of the 2020–21 season and a new division was added to the Northern Premier League at Step 4 for 2021–22, which resulted in some reallocations into or out of, and promotions to, the Southern League's Step 4 divisions.
Premier Division Central
After Kings Langley were transferred to the Premier Division South, The Premier Division Central consisted of 21 clubs, all from the previous aborted season.
League table
Play-offs
Semi-finals
Final
Results
Stadia and locations
Premier Division South
The Premier Division consisted of 22 clubs: 20 clubs from the previous season, and two new clubs:
Kings Langley, transferred from the Premier Division Central
Merthyr Town, returned after one-season absence
League table
Play-offs
Semi-finals
Final
Results
Stadia and locations
Division One Central
Division One Central consisted of 20 clubs: 14 clubs from the previous season, and six new clubs.
Clubs, transferred from Isthmian League South Central Division:
FC Romania
Harlow Town
Hertford Town
Waltham Abbey
Ware
Plus:
Colney Heath, promoted from the Spartan South Midlands League
League table
Play-offs
Semi-finals
Final
Inter-step play-offs
Results
Stadia and locations
Division One South
After Moneyfields voluntary relegated from the league, Division One South consisted of 19 clubs: 17 clubs from the previous season, and two new clubs:
Lymington Town, promoted from the Wessex League
Plymouth Parkway, promoted from the Western League
League table
Play-offs
{{4TeamBracket
| RD1=Semi-finals
| RD2=Final
| group1=
| group2=
| RD1-seed1= 2
| RD1-team1= Frome Town| RD1-score1= 1
| RD1-seed2= 5
| RD1-team2= Bristol Manor Farm| RD1-score2= 3| RD1-seed3= 3
| RD1-team3= Cirencester Town
| RD1-score3= 1
| RD1-seed4= 4
| RD1-team4= Winchester City| RD1-score4= 4| RD2-seed1= 4
| RD2-team1= Winchester City| RD2-score1= 4| RD2-seed2= 5
| RD2-team2= Bristol Manor Farm
| RD2-score2= 1
}}Semi-finalsFinal'''
Inter-step play-offs
Results
Stadia and locations
Relegation reprieves
Step 3
Seven clubs at Step 3, all four fourth-from-bottom teams and those placed third-from-bottom that are the top three on a point per game (PPG) basis, were reprieved from relegation. The remaining team was relegated to Step 4.
The final points-per-game ranking of the third-from-bottom placed teams in Step 3 divisions was as follows:
Source:
Step 4
Ten of the 16 clubs at Step 4, all eight fourth-from-bottom teams and two clubs placed third-from-bottom, one at the top and the other in third place on a point per game (PPG) basis, were reprieved from contesting relegation play-offs. The FA granted third-placed Sheffield a reprieve after demoting Yorkshire Amateur from the Northern Premier League for non-compliance with Step 4 ground grading requirements. The remaining six teams contested one-off matches with six runners-up from Step 5 that had the fewest PPG at the end of the 2021–22 season. Three winners of their matches stayed at Step 4 for the 2022–23 season, while three others lost theirs and were relegated to Step 5.
The final points-per-game ranking of the 3rd-from-bottom-placed teams in Step 4 divisions was also as follows:
Source:
See also
Southern Football League
2021–22 Isthmian League
2021–22 Northern Premier League
References
External links
Official website
Southern Football League seasons
7
Eng
Dead Trigger 2 is a zombie-themed first person survival horror video game developed and published by Madfinger Games. It was released for Android and iOS devices on October 23, 2013, and for Facebook on February 20, 2014. As with the original Dead Trigger, Dead Trigger 2 is a single-player zombie-themed shooter. Nvidia showcased Dead Trigger 2 as the first tech demo for their upcoming Tegra 4 mobile system-on-a-chip; Slide to Play and Android Police compared the graphical quality to the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Dead Trigger 2 utilizes the Unity game engine. It was released as a free-to-play game; microtransactions are included in the final product, but the developers had tested the game without in-app purchases to make sure the core gameplay works without them.
Gameplay
Dead Trigger 2 is a zombie-apocalypse-themed first-person shooter with survival horror and action role-playing elements, currently available on iOS, Android and recently on Windows Phone 8.1 mobile devices. Running on the Unity game engine, the game features a progression system, numerous environments, unlockable and upgradable weapons, and various story-based and quick-play mission types.
Dead Trigger 2 is a free-movement shooter; rather than the on-rails gameplay typical of mobile zombie shooters, the player controls the character's movement like a typical console or PC FPS. The game features two dramatically different control paradigms; with the default controls, the player merely aims at zombies - their or their weapons will attack automatically when a zombie is underneath the crosshair. The advanced control scheme functions like the first game - the player presses a button to fire the weapon, and an additional button lets the player aim down the weapon's sights for increased accuracy.
Gameplay typically revolves around completing objectives while killing zombies (occasionally killing zombies is the only objective). It also has an infinite wave of zombies in the arena of death. There are also different campaigns and tournaments. The player has a limited amount of health that is refreshed at the start of each mission. The player loses health when hit by zombies or by certain environmental hazards (i.e. radiation). The player can regain health by taking healing pills or getting a health power up from a special zombie.
Enemies come in two flavors, standard zombies and special zombies. Standard zombies often plod along at a slow pace and attack with their arms, but some may sprint or carry melee weapons for increased damage. Special zombies have distinct appearances and unique traits; they are deadlier and tougher to kill, but drop blueprints or large amounts of cash (and sometimes health) when killed.
In addition to carrying two primary weapons, the player also carries a melee weapon and up to three types of consumable items. Consumables include health pills, grenades, exploding chickens and others.
Reception
Dead Trigger 2 received positive reviews from critics. Review aggregator website Metacritic provides a score of 77 out of 100 based on 12 critics.
References
2013 video games
Action role-playing video games
Facebook games
First-person shooters
Horror video games
Video games developed in the Czech Republic
Android (operating system) games
IOS games
Video games about zombies
Video game sequels
Windows Phone games
Single-player video games
Augustas Marčiulionis (born 21 March 2002) is a Lithuanian basketball player who currently plays for NCAA Division I Saint Mary's College after having played for Rytas Vilnius of the Lithuanian Basketball League (LKL). Standing , they play the point guard position.
Professional career
Marčiulionis made their professional career debut with BC Perlas in the 2018–19 season. On 23 June 2020, Marčiulionis stayed with the Rytas Vilnius. On 19 September 2020, Marčiulionis, as a member of the Rytas Vilnius, debuted in the Lithuanian Basketball League and contributed to a 106–77 season opening victory versus the Juventus Utena. However, they played under amateur contracts for both Perlas and Rytas to preserve their eligibility to play NCAA basketball.
US college career
On 16 June 2021, Marčiulionis signed a letter of intent to play at Saint Mary's.
National team career
In 2020, Marčiulionis was invited to play for the senior Lithuania men's national basketball team during the EuroBasket 2022 qualification on 27–29 November. They had previously played for Lithuania's U16 and U18 national teams, and is scheduled to play for Lithuania at the 2021 FIBA U19 World Cup.
Personal life
Augustas is the son of Hall of Fame player Šarūnas Marčiulionis.
References
2002 births
Living people
BC Rytas players
Point guards
Basketball players from Vilnius
Saint Mary's Gaels men's basketball players
The 2015 Dodge City Law season is the team's second season as a professional indoor football franchise and first as a member of Champions Indoor Football (CIF) in the 2015 season.
The team is owned and operated by Ricky Bertz. The Law play their home games at the United Wireless Arena in Dodge City, Kansas, under the direction of head coach Sean Ponder.
Season summary
The Law's announced schedule for the 2015 season was disrupted when the New Mexico Stars abruptly postponed their entry into the league on February 21, just one week before the season began. On March 3, the Albuquerque-based Duke City Gladiators were announced as a late entry into the league, partially replacing the Stars in the CIF schedule with a plan to play 11 games in 2015. The team's March 14 game was delayed one day to accommodate a high school basketball tournament that relocated to Dodge City.
Off-field moves
The Law earned an 8–4 record in 2014 as an expansion team in the Champions Professional Indoor Football League. They lost to the Wichita Wild in the league championship semi-finals. After the season ended, the CPIFL announced it was merging with teams from other leagues to form Champions Indoor Football.
Awards and honors
Each week of the regular season, the CIF names league-wide Players of the Week in offensive, defensive, and special teams categories. For Week 5, the CIF named quarterback Joshua Floyd as the Offensive Player of the Week and defensive linesman Marquis George as the Defensive Player of the Week. For Week 8, the CIF named kick returner Dominique Carson as one of two Special Teams Players of the Week.
On June 6, the CIF announced the winners of its year-end awards. The Dodge City Law were named Franchise of the Year, honored for Game Operations of the Year, saw owner/general manager Ricky Bertz named Executive of the Year, and had kick returner Dominique Carson sharing the Special Teams Players of the Year honors.
Schedule
Key:
Pre-season
Regular season
Rescheduled after the New Mexico Stars withdrew from the league on February 22, 2015.
Rescheduled to accommodate a high school basketball tournament
Roster
Standings
Playoffs
References
External links
Dodge City Law official website
Dodge City Law at Our Sports Central
Season 2015
Dodge City Law
Dodge City Law
The Stalker's Apprentice is a single British television crime drama film, based on the novel by author M.S. Power, that was the first broadcast on ITV on 25 May 1998. The film stars Gideon Turner as Marcus Walwyn, a book editor who is driven to murder after reading a draft novel composed by Helmut Kranze (James Bolam), a former serial killer recently released from prison who is writing under a pseudonym. The film follows Walwyn as they embark on a series of murders relating to Karen Scott (Natalie Walter), a young woman that they meet on the train to work, and the subsequent police investigation by D.I. Maurice Birt (Peter Davison), commander of the local police force.
The film co-stars Paula Wilcox, Peter Forbes and Liz May Brice in their breakthrough TV role. An independent review from Movie NZ said of the film; "[it] has a wonderfully methodical cool to it as we watch Gideon Turner, accompanied by a voiceover, putting into use the methodology from the killer's book. However. partway in, The Stalker's Apprentice abruptly becomes a policier as we follow detective Peter Davison and assistant Peter Forbes as they piece clues together. These scenes hold one's attention, although not as absorbingly as the stalker element. Eventually, the film works through a tight plot filled with sharp twists and considerable tension." The film was released on DVD in the United States on 7 March 2006, via Koch Media. A Region 4 release followed on 19 May 2010. The film has yet to be released on Region 2 DVD. The film is often repeated on True Entertainment as part of their semi-regular 'British Thrillers' season.
Plot
Marcus Walwyn (Gideon Turner) is a reader at a publishing firm. They read a manuscript entitled ‘Death in Santiago' by Helmut Kranze (James Bolam), which gives detailed accounts of how to stalk victims and commit perfect murders. At the same time, Marcus becomes fixated on waiter Karen Scott (Natalie Walters) after they encounter them on the subway. They stalk and gathers information about her, while befriending them at the café where they work. However, Karen's friend Sharon (Vanessa Hadaway) gets in the way and Marcus learns that Karen has a boyfriend, Darren (Guy Leverton). They then contrives to kill both Sharon and Darren, using the advice in Kranze's book. On both occasions, they carve an asterisk into the victim's forehead as their signature. Police inspector Maurice Birt (Peter Davison) investigates. Clues all point to the killer being Marcus but they are unable to find any direct evidence that ties him. At the same time, Marcus discovers that in reality Kranze is convicted murderer Herbert Zanker and that the crimes in the book are ones that Zanker is boasting about having conducted himself.
Cast
Gideon Turner as Marcus Walwyn
Peter Davison as D.I. Maurice Birt
James Bolam as Helmut Kranze
Paula Wilcox as Heather Walwyn
Natalie Walter as Karen Scott
Peter Forbes as D.S. Ray Wilson
Liz May Brice as Heather Brazier-Young
Vanessa Hadaway as Sharon Hayes
Marc Bannerman as Paul Cornell
Guy Leverton as Darren Cornell
Michael MacKenzie as Harry Rutherford
Marytn James as Richard Brazier-Young
Angela Chadfield as Patricia Brazier-Young
References
External links
1998 television films
1998 films
1998 crime drama films
British crime drama films
ITV television dramas
British courtroom films
Scottish television films
Television shows produced by Scottish Television
Films about dysfunctional families
Films set in the 1990s
1990s English-language films
1990s British films
British drama television films
Ragmala, Raagmala, or Ragamala (Punjabi: ਰਾਗਮਾਲਾ ; pronounced rāgmālā) a composition of twelve verses, running into sixty lines that names various ragas which appears in most saroops of Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji after the compositions of Sri Guru Arjan Dev Ji entitled Mundaavani (ਮੁੰਦਾਵਣੀ; meaning "The Royal Seal").
The title literally means a 'garland of Ragas, or musical melodies'. "Mala" means "garland", while "Raga" is a "musical composition or mode", which has also given rise to the series of Ragamala paintings. This list differs according to the author and the music school it is based upon. Thus there exists a number of such lists in the music text books of India.
Dividing issue on ragmala
There are eight raags that are utilised in Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji that have not been mentioned in the Raagmala. These are: Bihagara, Wadahans, Manjh, Jaitsri, Ramkali, Tukhari, Prabhati and Jaijawanti. Mali-Gaura is not included in Raagmala but Gaura is.
“The last pages of the Kartarpur Beerh do not suggest, either because of the presence of blank spaces, or scoring out, or obliteration hortal, or otherwise, that there was or could have been the least intention to write these hymns in the Granth. The Mudaavni is on page 973/1. Pages 973/2 and 974/1 are blank, and on page 974/2 is Raagmala. As such, there could never have been the possibility, nor could it ever have been contemplated that these three writings requiring a space of over four pages could have been accommodated on the two blank pages 973/2 and 974/1.”
According to Dr. S. S. Kapoor, the Sikh scholars differ in their opinion about its inclusion in the Granth. The traditional school thinks it to be a part of Sri Granth Sahib Ji and asserts that it is an index of the raags used in Sri Granth Sahib Ji. This argument can be challenged on the grounds that a number of raags mentioned Raagmala are not in Sri Granth Sahib Ji and a number of raags used in Sri Granth Sahib Ji are not in the Raagmala. Another argument of the traditional schools that it is a part of the original copy and is written in the same ink and with the same pen as was used for the other parts of the Granth.
Official Sikh standpoint on ragmala
Article XI (a) of the Sikh Rehat Maryada (SRM):
"The reading of the whole Guru Granth Sahib (intermittent or non-stop) may be concluded with the reading of Mundawani alone or the Rag Mala according to the convention traditionally observed at all the concerned places. (Since there is a difference of opinion within the Panth on this issue, nobody should dare to write or print a copy of Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji excluding the Raag Mala)."
See also
Ragamala paintings
Sikh Raags
References
1. Śabadārath Srī Gurū Granth Sāhib. Amritsar, 1964
2. Shamsher Singh Ashok. Rāgmālā Nirṇai. Amritsar, n.d.
3. Surindar Siṅgh Kohli. A Critical Study of Adi Granth. Delhi, 1961
4. Max Arthur Macauliffe. The Sikh Religion: Its Gurus, Sacred Writings and Authors. Oxford, 1909
5. Professor Sahib Singh. About the Compilation of Sri Guru Granth Sahib (Tr. Daljit Singh). Amritsar, 1996
6. Madan Singh. Raag Maala - A Re-appraisal in the Context of Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji. Amritsar, 2003.
7. Taran Singh. Ragmala. The Encyclopaedia of Sikhism, Vol. III. Ed. Harbans Singh. Punjabi University, Patiala, 1997. P 426.
8. Kavi Santokh Singh. Sri Gur Partap Suraj Granth. https://web.archive.org/web/20080905180746/http://www.ik13.com/Rasses/SGPS%20Raas%203.pdf
References
External links
Raag Mala in Punjabi, Hindi and English
Sikh Rehat Maryada
Sikh terminology
Indian classical music
Indian religious texts
Indian music history
Musical terminology
Herbert Taylor, CMG (11 May 1885 – 24 July 1970) was an Australian political party organiser, accountant, and company director.
Life and political career
Taylor was born in Malmsbury, Victoria, eldest of five children of Ralph Herbert William Taylor, a schoolteacher, and Alice Ann French. Both of Herbert Taylor's parents were born and raised in Victoria. From 1896 the family lived in Ormond, Victoria.
Marriage
Herbert Taylor and Doris Brock (died 1966) were married on 8 May 1919, at the Congregational Church, Brighton, Victoria; the couple had three sons.
Career
In 1902, at the age of 17, Taylor left Caulfield Grammar School and began work as a clerk at a chemical manufacturer. In 1905, three years later, Taylor joined an accountancy firm, which sent them to open their Perth office in 1907. In 1913, Taylor became senior audit clerk with a Melbourne firm of accountants, Young & Outhwaite. They secured their permanent career with a partnership in 1917; they were to become senior partner upon A. H. Outhwaite's retirement in 1947.
A founding (1928) fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia, Herbert Taylor (from 1933) was one of two inaugural vice-presidents of the offshoot Australian Chartered Accountants Research Society of Victoria. Its object was to bring members of the institute together,
"professionally, socially and in various forms of sport". Under the society's auspices, Taylor published two booklets, The Organisation of a Chartered Accountant's Office (1933) and The Audit of Sharebrokers' Accounts (1937).
Taylor joined the Institute of Public Affairs and was to serve on its council in 1945–66. In 1944, as an I.P.A. nominee, they chaired several meetings of Victorian political groups opposed to the Australian Labor Party and reported the outcome to Robert Menzies. These meetings preceded Menzies' conventions — in Canberra in October and at Albury in December 1944, which led to the formation of the Australian Liberal Party.
They served on the Liberal Party's finance committee and became a trustee of the State branch. After two years as president of the Associated Chambers of Commerce of Australia, they voiced in April 1947 the Liberal stance against the rise of what they called "autocratic Socialism", deploring worker intimidation by an extremist minority of trade union leaders and calling on Australians to restore "the desire to do good work".
Affiliations
Taylor was chairperson of the University of Melbourne's finance committee in the early 1950s. They also are treasurer (1950–55), vice-president (1956–61) and president (1961–65) of the Royal Automobile Club of Victoria. They became a fellow of the Institute of Directors, London.
By invitation, they joined the international Senior Golfers' Society and the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews, Scotland.
The Royal Victorian Institute for the Blind and the Freemasons' Hospital both made them a life governor.
Honours
In 1959 they were appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George.
Death
Herbert Taylor died on 24 July 1970 in East Melbourne, aged 85, and was cremated. They were survived by their three sons. Their wife died in 1966.
See also
List of Caulfield Grammar School people
References
Susan Priestley, "Taylor, Herbert (1885 - 1970)", Australian Dictionary of Biography, Volume 16, Melbourne University Press, 2002, pp. 368–369.
J. Kissling, Seventy Years (Melbourne, 1973)
P. Aimer, Politics, Power and Persuasion (Melbourne, 1974)
N. J. Marshall, A Jubilee History: 1928-1978 (Melbourne, 1978)
D. Garden, Builders to the Nation (Melbourne, 1992)
I. Hancock, National and Permanent? (Melbourne, 2000)
References
1885 births
1970 deaths
Australian accountants
People educated at Caulfield Grammar School
Australian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Politicians from Melbourne
Place of birth missing
20th-century Australian politicians
Albert Martin Boddey (16 April 1907 – 24 October 1975) was a British film and television actor.
They were a founder member of the Lord's Taverners charity. Boddey started acting when they were nearly 40, often portraying irritable authority figures such as police officers or magistrates.
Selected filmography
A Song for Tomorrow (1948) - Major
The Third Man (1949) - Russian Military Policeman (uncredited)
Landfall (1949) - Civilian (uncredited)
The Twenty Questions Murder Mystery (1950) - 2nd Plainclothesman (uncredited)
Cairo Road (1950) - Maj. Ahmed Mustafa
State Secret (1950) - Clubman
The Dancing Years (1950) - Minor Role (uncredited)
Seven Days to Noon (1950) - Gen. Willoughby
Cage of Gold (1950) - Adams
The Franchise Affair (1951) - Insp. Hallam
The Adventurers (1951) - Chief Engineer
Laughter in Paradise (1951) - Store Shopwalker
Cloudburst (1951) - Desk Sergeant
Valley of Eagles (1951) - Chief of the Lost Valley
Appointment with Venus (1951) - Sgt. Vogel
The Magic Box (1951) - Sitter in Bath Studio
Venetian Bird (1952) - Gufo
Top Secret (1952) - Russian Security Officer
Folly to Be Wise (1953) - Visiting Brigadier (uncredited)
Sailor of the King (1953) - German Officer (uncredited)
Park Plaza 605 (1953) - Stumpy
Personal Affair (1953) - Police Insp. Fred Garland (uncredited)
Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue (1953) - General Cadogan
Face the Music (1954) - Insp. Mulrooney
Doctor in the House (1954) - Demonstrator at pedal machine
Forbidden Cargo (1954) - Sub-Director Holt
Seagulls Over Sorrento (1954) - Member of Admiralty Board (uncredited)
Mad About Men (1954) - Marco (uncredited)
Svengali (1954) - Doctor
Up to Their Neck (1955) - Chang
Secret Venture (1955) - Squire Marlowe, the Wrestler
The Iron Petticoat (1956) - Grisha
The Last Man to Hang? (1956) - Detective Sgt. Horne
Eyewitness (1956) - Police Sgt. (uncredited)
The Silken Affair (1956) - Detective
You Can't Escape (1956) - Insp. Crane
There's Always a Thursday (1957) - Sergeant
How to Murder a Rich Uncle (1957) - Police Sergeant
These Dangerous Years (1957)
Man in the Shadow (1957) - Doctor (uncredited)
Cat Girl (1957) - Cafferty
Not Wanted on Voyage (1957) - Captain
The Duke Wore Jeans (1958)
No Time to Die (1958) - SS colonel
Indiscreet (1958) - Albert (uncredited)
Carry On Sergeant (1958) - Sixth Specialist
Chain of Events (1958) - Bus Inspector
The Adventures of Hal 5 (1958) - Doctor
I Only Arsked! (1958) - (uncredited)
The Two-Headed Spy (1958) - Gen. Optiz
The Square Peg (1958) - (uncredited)
Violent Moment (1959) - Nightwatchman (uncredited)
Carry On Nurse (1959) - Perkins
Idol on Parade (1959) - Chucker-out (uncredited)
The Siege of Pinchgut (1959) - Brigadier
I'm All Right Jack (1959) - Num Yum's Executive
Killers of Kilimanjaro (1959) - Gunther
Moment of Danger (1960) - Sir John Middleburgh
Too Hot to Handle (1960) - Mr. Arpels
Oscar Wilde (1960) - Insp. Richards
Sands of the Desert (1960) - Mertons
A Circle of Deception (1960) - Henry Crow
The Naked Edge (1961) - Jason Roote
The Kitchen (1961) - Max
The Wrong Arm of the Law (1963) - Superintendent J.S. Forest
Girl in the Headlines (1963) - Inspector
The Man Who Finally Died (1963) - Policeman with Dog (uncredited)
A Man for All Seasons (1966) - Governor of Tower
Bedazzled (1967) - Cardinal (uncredited)
The Rise and Rise of Michael Rimmer (1970) - Major Mathieson
Tales from the Crypt (1972) - Husband - Richard Clayton (segment 1 "And All Through The House")
Dark Places (1973) - Sgt. Riley
Psychomania (1973) - Coroner
The Naked Civil Servant (1975) - Magistrate (final film role)
References
External links
1907 births
1975 deaths
Scottish male film actors
Scottish male television actors
People from Stirling
20th-century Scottish male actors
Joseph Hubert Diss Debar (6 March 1820 – 13 January 1905) was a French-born American artist and government official who designed the official seal and coat-of-arms for the state of West Virginia in 1863. Many of their sketches of early West Virginia figures and scenes survive.
Biography
Youth, emigration, and settlement in America
Diss Debar was born in Strasbourg, in the Alsace region of France, in 1820. The son of Francis Joseph Diss Debar — the estate manager for Cardinal Prince de Rohan — they were educated at schools in Strasbourg, Colmar, Muhlhausen and Paris.  They are said to have emigrated to the United States in 1842 on board the same ship as Charles Dickens, whom they met and sketched. Their move was occasioned by their pursuit of their intended, Clara Levassor (1829-1849) — then a mere 13 years old — whose family had settled in Parkersburg, Virginia on the Ohio River.
Land agent
Diss Debar was hired in 1846 by John Peter Dumas of Paris as agent for a 10,000-acre tract on Cove Creek in newly created Doddridge County, Virginia. (This was part of a major land-holding covering several counties in the north central part of the state which was known as the Swan Lands; it had been acquired by Boston financier James Swan (1754-1830) before 1809 and comprised 1,079,724 acres of then-unappropriated lands originally purchased for 2 cents an acre.) In 1847 Diss Debar married Clara at Marietta, Ohio. They were 27, they 17. On April 29, 1849, they died in childbirth, survived by a son, Joseph Henry Diss Debar Jr. Them parents, the Levassors, took charge of the baby, raising them in Cincinnati. (This son lived to be a very old man, but left no heirs.)
Now a widower, Diss Debar moved to Doddridge County himself, where they bought a tract where they settled a German-Swiss colony near the village of Leopold. They called their settlement Saint Clara for their late wife. In 1859, Diss Debar married a second time, to a local woman, Amelia Cain (1825-1909), who bore them five children. They did surveying and continued acting as agent for the land company.
The State Seal
In 1863, West Virginia became a state (separate from Virginia) and the brand new state legislature appointed Diss Debar to make preliminary drawings for a state seal and coat-of-arms. Their design was adopted in September of that year. At this time Diss Debar began to be quite prominent in state politics.
The seal devised by Diss Debar is 2.5 inches in diameter and bears the motto Montani Semper Liberi (Latin, "Mountaineers Always Free"). The images are symbolic representations of the state, its people and industries. The two figures standing on either side of the rock marking the state's date of foundation ("June 20, 1863") indicate the people and their occupations. The plow-handles and the axe indicate the cultivation (wheat and cornstalks are also depicted) after clearing of the original forests. Mineral wealth is indicated by the miner, their pick, and the lumps of coal at their feet. The crossed rifles with liberty cap in the foreground represent liberty maintained by force of arms. (The reverse side, rarely displayed, depicts emblematic objects typical of West Virginia's landscape, productions, resources, and natives grouped inside an encircling wreath of laurel and oak.)
Later years
Governor Boreman appointed Diss Debar commissioner of immigration in 1864 in which capacity they recruited labor and landowners from abroad until the end of their term in 1871. They were a member of the House of Delegates representing Doddridge in 1864 and they prepared, compiled and published the first The West Virginia Hand-Book and Immigrant's Guide (1870). Politically, they supported the Liberal Republicans in their efforts to come to terms with ex-Confederates in ending Radical Reconstruction within the state by 1872. During their 29 years living in what is now West Virginia, they produced numerous sketches of the people and places of the era.
The elderly Diss Debar left West Virginia and moved to Pennsylvania. They died in Pittsburgh in 1905 and is buried in Philadelphia.
Personal
Diss Debar is said to have been fluent in French, German and English, semi-fluent in Spanish and Italian, and able to translate Latin and Greek. Their characteristic Van Dyke beard, cloak and high silk hat, and the habitual twirling of their cane are said to have made them instantly recognizable.
A notorious medium and fraudster — Swami Laura Horos (ca. 1849–ca. 1909) — falsely claimed for a time to have been married to Diss Debar. Madam "Ann O'Della Diss Debar" was known to have visited the Diss Debar home in Parkersburg many times and outwardly appeared to be a relative or family friend. Diss Debar is reported to have participated in some of their schemes, including posing as their husband, but they turned against each other during a court case. They had 1 or 2 children with Diss Debar.
Works
"For the Benefit of the Catholic Hospital and Orphan Asylum of Wheeling, Virginia, Distribution of Farm Lots in St. Clara Colony, Doddridge County, Virginia, A Chance of a Home for One Dollar", Wheeling, Virginia, n.d.
"Two Men; Old John Brown and Stonewall Jackson of World-Wide Fame, Some Interesting Reminiscences by a Man Who Knew Both", Clarksburg, Clarksburg Telegraph, 1874.
"The West Virginia Handbook and Immigrant's Guide. A Sketch of the State of West Virginia", Parkersburg, Gibbens Bros., 1870.
"Prohibition; its Relation to Temperance, Good Moral and Sound Government", Cincinnati, 1910.
Sketch gallery
References
Citations
Other sources
Earl, Jesse A., "The life of Joseph H. Diss Debar and Their Reminiscences of Doddridge County, 1883", West Virginia History, Charleston, WV, v. 28, 1966-1967, pp. 228–40.
Maurer, B. "St. Johannes Evangelical Lutheran Church", St. Clara, WV. n.p. 1984.
Stutler, Boyd B., "Joseph H. Diss Debar - Prophet, Colonizer". West Virginia Review, (Dec. 1931).
Wilson, Donald Edward, "Joseph H. Diss Debar in West Virginia.", M.A. thesis, West Virginia University, 1961.
External links
Sketches by Joseph H. Diss Debar at the West Virginia Division of Culture and History.
Artists from Strasbourg
American illustrators
1820 births
1905 deaths
People of West Virginia in the American Civil War
Artists from West Virginia
French emigrants to the United States
Dis-moi oui may refer to:
Dis-moi oui, 1963 song by Johnny Hallyday, French version of We Say Yeah
Dis-moi oui..., 1995 French film
