Superior Junior/Senior High School is a junior high and high school in Superior, Arizona. It is operated by the Superior Unified School District, which also operates an elementary school. The superintendent of the district is Stephen Estatico.
References
Public high schools in Arizona
Public middle schools in Arizona
Schools in Pinal County, Arizona
A wedding sari is the traditional wedding dress of South Asian women. The sari is traditionally a combination of red and green, with golden brocade.
Hindu wedding sarees are predominantly red, a colour associated with married women, and never white, a colour associated with widowed women. Sari fabric is also traditionally silk. Over time, colour options and fabric choices for Indian brides have expanded. Today fabrics like crêpe, Georgette, tissue and satin are used, and colours have been expanded to include gold, pink, orange, maroon, brown, and yellow as well. Indian brides in Western countries often wear the sari at the wedding ceremony and change into other traditional Indian wear afterwards such as lehenga, or cholis etc.
The types of wedding saris include Kanchipuram wedding sari, Banarasi wedding sari, Sambalpuri wedding sari, Assam silk, Gota sari, Resham sari, Zardosi sari, paithani sari, Bandhani sari, Neriyathum sari.
See also
Indian clothing
References
Further reading
Boroian, Michael; Poix, Alix de. (2008). India by Design: The Pursuit of Luxury and Fashion. .
Folk costumes
Indian wedding clothing
Saris
Wedding dresses
Aşağıoba is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
The assassination of Sokratis Giolias took place 2010 when Giolias, a Greek investigative journalist and broadcaster, was shot approximately 15 times at close range outside their home in Ilioupoli, Athens. The identities of the gunmen are unknown, but the weapons used were linked to previous attacks by the Sect of Revolutionaries. Giolias was the first reporter to be murdered in Greece in over 25 years.
Life and career
Sokratis Giolias (; 1973 – 2010) was a Greek investigative journalist, blogger and broadcaster. At the time of their death they were a journalist at Proto Thema Greece's largest newspaper by circulation and worked closely with Themos Anastasiadis its owner. They were the co-founder of the news blog 'Troktiko' according to various sources including a confirmation made by the website following their death, though they had denied this association in their lifetime. The blog became one of the most popular sources of news in Greece. In the wake of the shooting, Troktiko went offline, citing security reasons.
According to their colleagues, they had planned to publish the results of an investigation into corruption in the coming days.
They were recognizable to the Greek public due to their close association with Makis Triantafyllopoulos, one of Greece's best known investigative journalists. Prior to becoming an investigative journalist, they worked as a sports journalist.
Threats to journalists
While there had been several previous reports of threats against prominent Greek journalists from the various parties vying for power in recent years, including a shooting at the headquarters of Alter TV linked to the Sect of Revolutionaries which caused no injuries, there had never been any direct action taken in furtherance of these threats. After the attack, the group released a statement in which they warned, "Journalists, this time we came to your door, but next time you will find us in your homes."
Assassination
At approximately 5:30 (UTC) on 19 July 2010, three men dressed as security personnel and wearing bullet-proof vests arrived at Mr Giolias's residence in one of the many suburbs of Athens. Using the intercom, the men then summoned Giolias out into the street from their home under the pretense that their car was being stolen. Once Giolias stepped outside, the men reportedly opened fire with at least two semi-automatic rifles. The group fired a total of 16 shots and according to reports hit them "at least fifteen times" before driving away. They died instantly.
Investigation
In the wake of the shooting, police, after ballistic testing, identified the bullets as being fired by the same guns used by a violent terrorist group called the Sect of Revolutionaries. According to the test results released by the police, both weapons used to kill Giolias had previously been used in the shooting of anti-terrorist police officer Nektarios Savvas, who had been guarding the home of a witness in a terrorism trial in early February 2009.
Police later stated that they were searching for a well-trained, professional team of hit-men composed of approximately three men posing as security agents. The getaway car used by the gang was later discovered abandoned and burned in a different section of the neighborhood where the shooting took place.
Reaction
In response to the shooting, Greek Parliamentary speaker Philippos Petsalnikos gave an interview in which they expressed their "outrage and grief at this heinous and murderous act". This was followed shortly by government spokesperson Giorgos Petalotis who held a press conference where they stated that, "Democracy and freedom of speech cannot be gagged, terrorized or intimidated. The Government unreservedly condemns this cowardly and cold-blooded murder."
The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) released a statement of their own shortly after the shooting in which it "ask[ed] the Greek authorities to ensure that this murder will be investigated quickly and thoroughly and that the public be informed of its progress continuously." The group also expressed their hope "that those responsible for this horrific murder will be brought swiftly to justice."
On 24 July 2010, the blog Troktiko announced that it was to suspend its activities online indefinitely in response to the assassination, the note read
Goodnight Greece, the birthplace of democracy has ended up killing the freedom of expression.
Sokratis, we wish you well and hope you're watching over us.
See also
Terrorism in the European Union
List of journalists killed in Europe
References
1973 births
2010 deaths
2010 crimes in Greece
2010 murders in Europe
Assassinated Greek journalists
Assassinations in Greece
Deaths by firearm in Greece
2010s in Athens
July 2010 events in Europe
2010s murders in Greece
is a private junior college in the city of Ichinomiya in Aichi Prefecture, Japan. It was established in 2004.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2004
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Universities and colleges in Aichi Prefecture
Nursing schools in Japan
2004 establishments in Japan
Arnold Anton Traugott Ehrhardt (14 May 1903 in Königsberg to 18 February 1965 in Manchester) was a German jurist and British theologian.
Life
Arnold was the son of Oscar Ehrhardt, a professor of surgery, and Martha, née Rosenhain, a school teacher from a Jewish family. They went to school in Königsberg and then studied law at Erlangen, Bonn, Berlin and Königsberg. After the First World War they served in the eastern border force and took part in the conflict with the Spartacists. They took their doctoral degree in 1926 in Königsberg and the following year became an assistant to in Göttingen and took their habilitation in civil and Roman law in 1929 in Freiburg. They lectured at the Goethe University of Frankfurt. As a "half-Jew" they were threatened with dismissal; in the winter semester 1934/35 they taught at the University of Lausanne. When their lectures in Frankfurt were boycotted in the summer semester of 1935, they publicly declared their Jewish ancestry.
Ehrhardt moved to Lörrach to study theology with Karl Barth in neighbouring Basel. When they learned of their impending arrest at the beginning of 1939, they went with their immediate family to Switzerland and then emigrated to England. With financial help from the Church of England, they continued their theological studies – after a brief interruption by internment as an "enemy alien" in May 1940 – at the University of Cambridge and was awarded a doctorate in 1944. They were assistant curate in a Manchester parish. They also did research in ecclesiastical and legal history, publishing their findings mostly in German. From 1956 at the latest they were working as an Anglican priest in Heywood. In 1958 they were appointed Bishop Fraser Senior Lecturer in Church History at the Victoria University of Manchester; The Ehrhardt Seminar at the Centre for Biblical Studies at the University of Manchester is named for him.
In 1951 and 1957 Ehrhardt declined offers of professorships in law at the Philipps University of Marburg and the Goethe University of Frankfurt.
Footnotes
1903 births
1965 deaths
20th-century German historians
Anglican theologians
Church of England priests
Academics of the University of Manchester
Historians of Christianity
Legal scholars
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United Kingdom
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Mayes County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Mayes County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 6 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Mayes County
Kadiana is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali near the border with the Ivory Coast. In 1998 the commune had a population of 12,404.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Józef Bogusław Słuszka (1652 - 8 October 1701) was a nobleman, statesman and commander of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. They served as its hetman from 25 April 1685 to 1701 and also became castellan of Vilnius.
Sources (in Polish)
http://www.bilp.uw.edu.pl/ti/1861/foto/nn59.htm
http://www.archive.org/stream/herbarzpolskipow08niesuoft/herbarzpolskipow08niesuoft_djvu.txt
1652 births
1701 deaths
Field Hetmans of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania
Court Marshals of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania
Karacadağdemirciler is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 163 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Dixons is a Dutch chain of stores specialising in what it refers to as leisure time electronics. This means that Dixons does not sell products like washing machines or televisions but does provide things like digital cameras, PC's, MP3 players, gaming consoles and mobile phones.
Originally launched by Dixons of the United Kingdom (now Dixons Carphone plc) as nothing more than Netherlands-based branches of the British electrical store Dixons, the Dutch arm of the company was sold to Amsterdam-based company Vendex KBB (now Maxeda) in the 1970s. They changed the store format to what it is now, before selling the company to Dexcom in 2006. There are now over 180 Dixons stores in the Netherlands. The Dutch-based Dixons no longer has any affiliation with Dixons Carphone. In 2011 Dexcom was taken over by Basgroup.
On 29 September 2015 Basgroup went into administrative receivership. Shortly thereafter, on 5 October it was declared bankrupt.
On 12 October, Relevant Holdings (who had acquired the Dutch Branch of The Phone House) were announced as the new owner for Dixons Netherlands; and a decision was made to close 55 of the then 88 shops.
This reflects the pattern made in the UK, following the merger of Dixons Retail and Carphone Warehouse to form Dixons Carphone.
In 2006 Dutch department store Vroom & Dreesmann opened a small number of franchised in-store branches of Dixons in some of its stores. The number of so-called shop-in-shops has increased to 30 by the end of 2007.
On 29 February 2016 it was announced that the Dixons stores would close. The chain continued as a webshop.
See also
Dixons UK
Dixons Carphone
References
External links
Dixons.nl
Retail companies of the Netherlands
Ohbora Bosai Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.4 km2. The dam impounds about 1 ha of land when full and can store 43 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1947 and completed in 1952.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
The Huis van Alijn (Dutch for: Alijn Hospital, literally House of Alijn) is a museum located on the Kraanlei in Ghent, Belgium. The collection revolves around local culture and daily life in the 20th century.
External links
Official Website
Museums in Ghent
History museums in Belgium
The Nikki Catsouras photographs controversy concerns the leaked photographs of Nicole "Nikki" Catsouras (March 4, 1988 – October 31, 2006), who died at the age of 18 in a high speed car crash after losing control of their father's Porsche 911 Carrera and colliding with a toll booth in Lake Forest, California. Photographs of Catsouras' badly disfigured body were published on the internet, leading their family to take legal action for the distress this caused.
Background
Circumstances of the accident
On October 31, 2006, Catsouras and their parents ate lunch together at the family home in Ladera Ranch, California. Afterward, their father, Christos Catsouras, left for work while their mother Lesli remained at home. Around 10 minutes later, their mother saw Catsouras reversing out of the driveway in Christos' Porsche 911 Carrera, which they were not permitted to drive. Lesli called their husband and they began driving around trying to find their daughter. While doing so, they called 9-1-1, apparently minutes before the accident, and was put on hold. When they were taken off hold the dispatcher informed them of the accident.
Accident
Catsouras was traveling on the 241 Toll Road in Lake Forest at approximately 1:38 pm, when they clipped a Honda Civic that they were attempting to pass on the right at over . The Porsche crossed the road's broad median, which lacks a physical barrier on that segment, and crashed into an unmanned concrete toll booth near the Alton Parkway interchange. Catsouras was killed on impact. Toxicological tests revealed traces of cocaine in Catsouras' body, but no alcohol.
Leaked photographs
According to Newsweek, the Catsouras "accident was so gruesome the coroner wouldn't allow their parents to identify their daughter's body". Photographs of the scene were taken by California Highway Patrol (CHP) officers as part of standard fatal traffic collision procedures. These photographs were forwarded to colleagues and leaked onto the Internet.
Two CHP employees, Aaron Reich and Thomas O'Donnell, admitted to releasing the photographs in violation of CHP policy. O'Donnell stated in interviews that they only sent the photos to their own e-mail account for viewing at a later time, while Reich stated that they had forwarded the pictures to four other people. Catsouras' parents discovered the photographs posted online. The pictures had gained much attention, including a fake MySpace tribute website that contained links to the photographs. People anonymously e-mailed copies of the photos to the Catsouras family with misleading subject headers, in one case captioning the photo sent to the father with the words "Woohoo Daddy! Hey daddy, I'm still alive." This led the Catsouras family to withdraw from Internet use and, concerned that their youngest daughter might be taunted with the photographs, to begin homeschooling them
The online harassment aspects of the case were covered by Werner Herzog in their 2016 documentary Lo and Behold, Reveries of the Connected World.
Legal action by the family
The Catsouras family sued the California Highway Patrol and the two dispatch supervisors responsible for leaking the photographs in the Superior Court of California for Orange County. Initially, a judge ruled that it would be appropriate to move forward with the family's legal case against the CHP for leaking the photographs.
An internal investigation led the CHP to issue a formal apology and take action to prevent similar occurrences in the future, after discovering that departmental policy had been violated by the two dispatch supervisors. O'Donnell was suspended for 25 days without pay, and Reich quit soon after, "for unrelated reasons", according to their lawyer. When the defendants moved for summary judgment, Judge Steven L. Perk dismissed the case against the Department of the California Highway Patrol after both Reich and O'Donnell were removed as defendants. Judge Perk ruled that the two were not under any responsibility for protecting the privacy of the Catsouras family, effectively ending the basis for the case. The superior court judge who dismissed the case ruled in March 2008 that while the dispatchers' conduct was "utterly reprehensible", there was no law that allowed it to be punishable.
The CHP sent websites "cease and desist" notices in an effort to get the photos off the Internet. The Catsouras family hired ReputationDefender to help remove the photos, to little avail. The organization estimated it had persuaded websites to remove 2,500 instances of the photos, but conceded that complete removal from the internet would be impossible. Attorney and blogger Ted Frank wrote that even though the media were sympathetic to the parents' plight, "the Streisand effect has resulted in far more dissemination of the gruesome photos".
On February 1, 2010, it was reported that the California Court of Appeal for the Fourth District had reversed Judge Perk's grant of summary judgment, and instead ruled that the Catsouras family did have the right to sue the defendants for negligence and intentional infliction of emotional distress. Calling the actions of O'Donnell and Reich "vulgar" and "morally deficient", the court stated:
We rely upon the CHP to protect and serve the public. It is antithetical to that expectation for the CHP to inflict harm upon us by making the ravaged remains of our loved ones the subject of Internet sensationalism ... O'Donnell and Reich owed the plaintiffs a duty not to exploit CHP-acquired evidence in such a manner as to place them at foreseeable risk of grave emotional distress.Court: CHP Officers Who Put Teen's Decapitation Photos on Internet Were "Vulgar" and "Morally Deficient", OC Weekly February 1, 2010. . Retrieved February 2, 2010.
On May 25, 2011, the California Court of Appeal for the Fourth District ruled that Aaron Reich failed to prove that e-mailing the photographs is covered by the First Amendment. Reich claimed that they e-mailed the photographs as a caution about the dangers of drunk driving because they e-mailed the pictures with an anti-drunk driving message, despite Catsouras' postmortem examination revealing a blood alcohol content of zero. The three-justice panel that reviewed Reich's appeal wrote, "Any editorial comments that Reich may have made with respect to the photographs are not before us. In short, there is no evidence at this point that the e-mails were sent to communicate on the topic of drunk driving." The justices questioned whether the recipients still retained the e-mails, but Reich's attorney conceded that they had not investigated this.
On January 30, 2012, the CHP reached a settlement with the Catsouras family, under which the family received around $2.37 million in damages. CHP spokesperson Fran Clader commented: "No amount of money can compensate for the pain the Catsouras family has suffered. We have reached a resolution with the family to save substantial costs of continued litigation and a jury trial. It is our hope that with this legal issue resolved, the Catsouras family can receive some closure."
See also
Suicide of Ronnie McNutt
Murders of Bibaa Henry and Nicole Smallman
References
External links
Catsouras family wins right to sue over death photos
2006 in California
2000s controversies in the United States
21st century in photography
California Highway Patrol
History of women in California
Lake Forest, California
Obscenity controversies in photography
Privacy controversies and disputes
Road incident deaths in California
GIMA (Groupement Industriel Métallurgique Automobile) is a French motorcycle manufacturer that built lightweight bikes from 1947 until 1956. It resumed production in 2005 with the production of modern retro reincarnation of the original 1950s bikes, but compliant with modern standards.
Notes
External links
Official page
Motorcycle manufacturers of France
French brands
Karen Hospital is a private hospital located in Karen suburb, Nairobi, Kenya.
References
Hospital buildings completed in 2006
Hospitals established in 2006
Hospitals in Nairobi
St. Martin (, Romansh: Sogn Martin) is a village and was a municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2015 the former municipality of St. Martin merged into the municipality of Vals.
History
The village was settled around the 14th Century by Walser immigrants. Initially it was a held in fief for the Bishop of Chur by the von Tersnaus and von Mont families. In 1457 the German-speaking population was forbidden from purchasing land or marrying in the neighboring village of Tersnaus. The village church (consecrated 1345) was initially under the parish church of St. Vinzenz in Pleif (in Vella municipality), but in 1528 came under the authority of Tersnaus. After 1776, St. Martin's village church had a German-speaking Prebend though in 1868 it fell back under the authority of Tersnaus.
By 1671 the farm houses of St. Martin's were a neighborhood in Tersnaus, and in 1878 the municipality separated from Tersnaus to become politically independent. The municipality remained firmly rural, and in 1972-73 became the last municipality in Switzerland to be connected to the electric grid.
Coat of arms
The municipal coat of arms is Azure, Saint Martin statant clad as bishop argent and or holding in their dexter hand a crosier and their sinister hand raised in blessing, between seven mullets of the last. Saint Martin represents the name of the municipality, while the seven stars represent the seven hamlets that make up the municipality.
Geography
Before the merger, St. Martin had a total area of . Of this area, 29% is used for agricultural purposes, while 32.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 0.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (38.2%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The municipality is located in the Lugnez sub-district of the Surselva district. It is a scattered settlement on the steep slopes above both sides of the Valser Rhine canyon at an elevation of between . The majority German speaking village marks the language border between German and Romansh in the valley. It consists of hamlets of St. Martin, Lunschania (post office), Bucarischuna, Munt, Gadenstatt, Mariaga and Travisasch. The additional hamlets of Feistenberg, Haspel and Montaschg are all abandoned.
Demographics
St. Martin had a population (as of 2013) of 35, all Swiss citizens. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -6.8%. Most of the population () speaks German (86.1%), with the rest speaking Romansh (13.9%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.8% male and 51.2% female. The age distribution, , in St. Martin is; 7 children or 19.4% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 4 teenagers or 11.1% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, people or 0.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 6 people or 16.7% are between 30 and 39, 6 people or 16.7% are between 40 and 49, and 3 people or 8.3% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 3 people or 8.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 5 people or 13.9% are between 70 and 79, there is 1 person who is between 80 and 89, and there is 1 person who is between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 67.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (20%), the SVP (12.7%) and the SP (0%).
In St. Martin about 40% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
St. Martin has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 13 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 7 businesses involved in this sector. 1 person is employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. No one is employed in the tertiary sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
References
External links
Vals, Switzerland
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Yoshan Kumara (full name Kalugala Yoshan Kumara; born 8 June 1990) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who plays for Moratuwa Sports Club. They were born in Galle.
Kumara, who has previously played for the Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club and Moratuwa Sports Club Under-23 teams, made their List A debut during the 2009-10 season, against Panadura Sports Club. From the tailend, they scored 1 not out.
External links
Yoshan Kumara at Cricket Archive
1990 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Moratuwa Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Galle
Duncan Elphinstone McBryde (12 May 1854 – 24 November 1920) was a Scottish-born Australian politician.
They were born in Argyllshire to Duncan and Alice McBryde, and migrated to New South Wales in 1872. They were a farmer, and on 2 August 1883 married Ellen Menzies, with whom they had two daughters. Around 1884 they relocated to Victoria, where they became a director of BHP in December 1885. They were chairperson twice, from 1 February 1895 to 11 February 1897 and from 22 January 1915 to 9 March 1917, presiding over the official opening, in June 1915, of what was then Australia's largest steelworks at Newcastle, New South Wales. They also chaired the Silverton Tramway Company, the Broken Hill Proprietary Block 10 Co. Ltd, Broken Hill Associated Smelters, Zinc Producers' Association, the Commercial Bank of Australia and the National Trustees Executors & Agency Company. In 1891 they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Council for North Western Province; they did not re-contest their seat in 1896, but returned to the Council in 1901, representing South Eastern Province. From 1908 to 1909 they were Minister for Public Health. McBryde retired in 1919, and died in Toorak in 1920, after moving from Kamesburgh, their mansion in Brighton, in about 1918.
References
1854 births
1920 deaths
BHP people
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
The Battle of Mustang Island (November 17, 1863) was fought in Texas during the American Civil War. It was part of a campaign by Major General Nathaniel P. Banks to occupy positions along the Texas coast. One of Banks's forces attacked a Confederate fort, capturing its small garrison.
Background
Following the Battle of Brownsville, the Union army consolidated a garrison there under Major General Napoleon J. T. Dana. General Banks planned to move against Corpus Christi. Banks directed Brigadier General Thomas E. G. Ransom on an expedition against a Confederate earthen fortification on Mustang Island known as Fort Semmes. The Confederate garrison, of less than 100 men, was composed of detachments from the 3rd Texas State Militia under Major George O. Dunaway and the 8th Texas Infantry under Captain William N. Maltby.
Battle
Ransom's men made a forced march against Fort Semmes which was occupied by men from the 8th Texas Infantry and 3rd Texas State Militia. The Union advance encountered Confederate skirmishers on November 17. Ransom's men fired one volley causing the Texas skirmishers to retreat back into Fort Semmes. Ransom deployed the 20th Iowa, 13th Maine and 15th Maine Infantry Regiments in line of battle while the USS Monongahela fired into the fort from offshore. The small garrison of Fort Semmes was not prepared for open battle and the fighting was over shortly after the attack commenced. Major Dunaway decided upon an unconditional surrender of the entire garrison rather than making an attempt to fight their way back to the mainland.
Major General Cadwallader C. Washburn arrived at the head of the Union expedition on the Texas Coast. Washburn next led Union forces to capture Fort Esperanza on November 30, 1863.
Notes
References
Howell, Kenneth Wayne, ed. The Seventh Star of the Confederacy: Texas During the Civil War, University of North Texas Press, 2011
Townsend, Stephen A., The Yankee Invasion of Texas, Texas A&M University Press, 2006
Barnes, J.D. Campaigns of the 20th Iowa Infantry with Personal Reminiscences of the War.Iowa City, Iowa: Camp Pope Publishing, 2016, 87-89.
Shorey, Henry Augustus. The Story of the Fifteenth Maine. Bridgton, Maine: Press of the Bridgton News, 1890. 59-61.
Lufkin, Edwin B. History of the 13th Maine Regiment, From its Organization in 1861 to its Mustering Out in 1865. Bridgton, Maine: H. A. Shorey & Son, Publishers, 1898.
Mustang Island
Mustang Island
Mustang Island
Mustang Island
1863 in Texas
November 1863 events
Siddique–Lal are a screenwriter and director duo, consisting of Siddique and Lal. They were active together in Malayalam cinema during 1986–1995. They were initially assistant directors to director Fazil. Particularly known for making films in the comedy genre, the films that came out of the partnership include Ramji Rao Speaking (1989), In Harihar Nagar (1990), Godfather (1991), Vietnam Colony (1992), and Kabooliwala (1993). All of these films were some of the biggest hits in Malayalam cinema and many of them have a cult following in Kerala. The duo broke off in 1993, but later continued their association by Lal producing some of the films directed by Siddique. The duo reunited again after two decades in 2016 to co-write the film King Liar which was directed by Lal.
After the breakup in 1993, Siddique continued their career as a director while Lal turned into acting, later began producing the films they acted in, and then established themselves as a notable actor, producer and distributor in Malayalam film.
Siddique later directed Hitler (1996) and Friends (1999) for Lal's production house Lal Creations. After sixteen years, Lal did come back as a director by directing the sequels to In Harihar Nagar, 2 Harihar Nagar (2009) and In Ghost House Inn (2010).
Filmography
Directors and Writers
Ramji Rao Speaking (1989)
In Harihar Nagar (1990)
Godfather (1991)
Vietnam Colony (1992)
Kabooliwala (1993)
Story
Pappan Priyappetta Pappan (1986) [A]
Nadodikkattu (1987) (story)
Makkal Mahatmyam (1993) (story)
Mannar Mathai Speaking (1995) [B]
Ayal Kadha Ezhuthukayanu (1998)
King Liar (2016) [D] (Story Siddique alone)
Screenplay & Dialogue
Mannar Mathai Speaking (1995) [B]
King Liar (2016) [D] (Siddique-lal)
Director & Producer
Hitler (1996) (directed by Siddique and produced by Lal)
Friends (1999) (directed by Siddique and produced by Lal)
Notes
A ^ As screenwriters only.
B ^ Credited as writers only, but the credits for director went to producer Mani C Kappan.
C ^ Siddique wrote and directed for Lal's production house Lal Creations.
D ^ Lal directed under Siddiquelal's script.
E ^ Siddique wrote and directed.
References
Malayalam film directors
Indian filmmaking duos
Indian male screenwriters
Indian screenwriting duos
The Spatial Archive and Interchange Format (SAIF, pronounced safe) was defined in the early 1990s as a self-describing, extensible format designed to support interoperability and storage of geospatial data.
SAIF dataset
SAIF has two major components that together define SAIFtalk. The first is the Class Syntax Notation (CSN), a data definition language used to define a dataset's schema. The second is the Object Syntax Notation (OSN), a data language used to represent the object data adhering to the schema. The CSN and OSN are contained in the same physical file, along with a directory at the beginning of the file. The use of ASCII text and a straightforward syntax for both CSN and OSN ensure that they can be parsed easily and understood directly by users and developers. A SAIF dataset, with a or extension, is compressed using the zip archive format.
Schema definition
SAIF defines 285 classes (including enumerations) in the Class Syntax Notation, covering the definitions of high-level features, geometric types, topological relationships, temporal coordinates and relationships, geodetic coordinate system components and metadata. These can be considered as forming a base schema. Using CSN, a user defines a new schema to describe the features in a given dataset. The classes belonging to the new schema are defined in CSN as subclasses of existing SAIF classes or as new enumerations.
A ForestStand::MySchema for example could be defined with attributes including age, species, etc. and with ForestStand::MySchema specified as a subclass of GeographicObject, a feature defined in the SAIF standard. All user defined classes must belong to a schema, one defined by the user or previously existing. Different schemas can exist in the same dataset and objects defined under one schema can reference those specified in another.
Inheritance
SAIF supports multiple inheritance, although common usage involved single inheritance only.
Object referencing
Object referencing can be used as a means of breaking up large monolithic structures. More significantly, it can allow objects to be defined only once and then referenced any number of times. A section of the geometry of the land-water interface could define part of a coastline as well as part of a municipal boundary and part of a marine park boundary. This geometric feature can be defined and given an object reference, which is then used when the geometry of the coastline, municipality and marine park are specified.
Multimedia
Multimedia objects can also be objects in a SAIF dataset and referenced accordingly. For example, image and sound files associated with a given location could be included.
Model transformations and related software applications
The primary advantage of SAIF was that it was inherently extensible following object oriented principles. This meant that data transfers from one GIS environment to another did not need to follow the lowest common denominator between the two systems. Instead, data could be extracted from a dataset defined by the first GIS, transformed into an intermediary, i.e., the semantically rich SAIF model, and from there transformed into a model and format applicable to the second GIS.
This notion of model to model transformation was deemed to be realistic only with an object oriented approach. It was recognized that scripts to carry out such transformations could in fact add information content. When Safe Software developed the Feature Manipulation Engine (FME), it was in large measure with the express purpose of supporting such transformations. The FMEBC was a freely available software application that supported a wide range of transformations using SAIF as the hub. The FME was developed as a commercial offering in which the intermediary could be held in memory instead of as a SAIF dataset.
History
The SAIF project was established as a means of addressing interoperability between different geographic information systems. Exchange formats of particular prominence at the time included DIGEST (Digital Geographic Information Exchange Standard) and SDTS (Spatial Data Transfer Specification, later accepted as the Spatial Data Transfer Standard). These were considered as too inflexible and difficult to use. Consequently, the Government of British Columbia decided to develop SAIF and to put it forward as a national standard in Canada.
SAIF became a Canadian national standard in 1993 with the approval of the Canadian General Standards Board. The last version of SAIF, published in January 1995, is designated as CGIS-SAIF Canadian Geomatics Interchange Standard: Spatial Archive and Interchange Format: Formal Definition (Release 3.2), issue CAN/CGSB-171.1-95, catalogue number P29-171-001-1995E.
The work on the SAIF modeling paradigm and the CSN classes was carried out principally by Mark Sondheim, Henry Kucera and Peter Friesen, all with the British Columbia government at the time. Dale Lutz and Don Murray of Safe Software developed the Object Syntax Notation and the Reader and Writer software that became part of the Feature Manipulation Engine.
SAIF was brought to the attention of Michael Stonebraker and Kenn Gardels of the University of California at Berkeley, and then to those working on the initial version of the Open Geospatial Interoperability Specification (OGIS), the first efforts of what became the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC). A series of 18 submissions to the ISO SQL Multimedia working group also helped tie SAIF to the original ISO work on geospatial features.
Today SAIF is of historical interest only. It is significant as a precursor to the Geography Markup Language and as the formative element in the development of the widely used Feature Manipulation Engine.
References
Sondheim, M., K. Gardels, and K. Buehler, 1999. GIS Interoperability. pp. 347–358. in Geographical Information Systems (Second Edition), Volume 1, edited by Paul A. Longley, Michael F. Goodchild, David J. Magurie and Davide W. Rhind.
Sondheim, M., P. Friesen, D. Lutz, and D. Murray. 1997. Spatial Archive and Interchange Format (SAIF). in Spatial Database Transfer Standards 2: Characteristics for Assessing Standards and Full Descriptions of the National and International Standards in the World. edited by Moellering H. and Hogan R. Elsevier, Netherlands. .
Surveys and Resource Mapping Branch. Spatial Archive and Interchange Format, Release 3.2, Formal Definition. 1995. (also Release 3.1 (1994); 3.0 (1993); 2.0, (1992); 1.0 (1991); and 0.1, (1990)) Surveys and Resource Mapping Branch, British Columbia Ministry of Environment, Lands and Parks. 258p. Also published by the Canadian General Standards Board, CAN/CGSB-171.1-95.
External links
Government of Canada Publications, CGIS-SAIF Release 3.2
SAIF Release 3.1
Safe Software, 2010, FME Readers and Writers, (Spatial Archive and Interchange Format, pp. 183 - 191)
Interoperability
GIS file formats
Open Geospatial Consortium
Laurent Gerstmans (born 26 February 1885, date of death unknown) was a Belgian wrestler. They competed in the heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1885 births
Year of death missing
Olympic wrestlers of Belgium
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Belgian male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Antwerp
Wilson Falor "Bud" Flagg (October 25, 1938September 11, 2001) was a United States Navy Rear Admiral. On October 15, 1993, they were censured for failing to prevent the 1991 Tailhook conference scandal, effectively ending any chance for further career advancement. They and their wife Darlene were killed on board American Airlines Flight 77 during the September 11 attacks of 2001.
Early life
Wilson Falor Flagg was born October 25, 1938 While in high school, Flagg, known by the nickname "Bud", met their future wife, Darlene Ellen "Dee" Embree (October 22, 1938 - September 11, 2001). They became sweethearts, and married after Flagg graduated from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland in June 1961.
Career
Flagg attended flight school in Pensacola, Florida, and became a Navy pilot in 1962. They served on active duty from 1961 to 1967, including three tours as a fighter pilot in Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. After leaving active duty, they continued flying the F-8 Crusader, logging more than 3,200 flight hours. They subsequently embarked upon dual careers as an American Airlines captain and an officer in the Naval Reserve.
Their decorations included the Distinguished Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Air Medal and the Navy Commendation Medal with Combat V.
In 1987 they became a rear admiral, and was posted at The Pentagon, where they were one of the top officers for the Naval Reserve. In 1993, two years after the 1991 Tailhook Association scandal, they were one of three top officials who received letters of censure for failing to stop extensive incidents of sexual harassment at the association's Las Vegas convention.
Flagg retired from the Navy in 1995 as a rear admiral and from American Airlines in 1998, although at the time of their death, they still had an office at the Pentagon, for instances in which the Pentagon contacted them for technical advice.
Personal life and death
The Flaggs lived in Mississippi, California and Connecticut before settling in the early 1990s to Daybreak Farm, a Black Angus beef cattle farm in Millwood, Virginia. They also owned a home in Las Vegas, and Dee Flagg was active in Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church in Winchester, Virginia, and the Greenway Garden Club in Clarke County. Both were members of the Blue Ridge Hunt.
During the September 11 attacks in 2001, the Flaggs and their friend, Barbara G. Edwards, were on board American Airlines Flight 77, heading to a family gathering in California. They were killed when it crashed into the Pentagon. The Flaggs were both 62, and were survived by their sons, Marc and Michael, and four grandchildren.
At the National 9/11 Memorial, Flagg, their wife and Edwards are memorialized at the South Pool, on Panel S-70.
References
External links
1938 births
2001 deaths
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Naval Aviators
United States Navy personnel of the Vietnam War
Recipients of the Air Medal
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
American Airlines Flight 77
Victims of the September 11 attacks
American terrorism victims
Terrorism deaths in Virginia
People murdered in Virginia
Burials at the United States Naval Academy Cemetery
Shri S. Gopalan was former Secretary General of 11th Lok Sabha and 12th Lok Sabha and Lok Sabha Secretariat. They were an Indian civil servant. They started their career as I.A.S (Kerala Cadre) and hold various positions in Government of India.
References
http://164.100.47.132/LssNew/members/lokprelist.aspx?lsno=11
http://164.100.47.132/LssNew/members/lokprelist.aspx?lsno=12
Indian Administrative Service officers
Secretaries General of the Lok Sabha
Chief Theophilus Adeleke Akinyele (29 February 1932 – 26 October 2020) was a Nigerian business consultant and civil servant.
Career
Akinyele was born in Ibadan. They obtained a BA from the University College Ibadan, (now the University of Ibadan) in 1959. They also studied at Oxford University, University of Connecticut and Harvard Business School.
They served as Permanent Secretary in the Ministries of Agriculture and Finance of the old Western State of Nigeria, Registrar and Secretary to the Council of the University of Ife (now Obafemi Awolowo University), Ile-Ife Nigeria, Secretary to the Military Government and Head of the Civil Service of Oyo State and also as the Director of Budget and Special Adviser on Budget Affairs to President Shehu Shagari from 1979 to 1983. After retiring from public service, Akinyele worked as a consultant.
They held the chieftaincy title of Bobajiro of Ibadan land and was an Officer of the Order of the Niger.
References
External links
Nigerian National Planning Commission
2003 Elections in Nigeria
University of Ibadan alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
University of Connecticut alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
Officers of the Order of the Niger
People from Ibadan
Obafemi Awolowo University people
Yoruba people
Nigerian expatriates in the United States
Nigerian expatriates in the United Kingdom
1932 births
2020 deaths
Edwin K. G. "Ed" Jaggard (born 1942) is an honorary professor at the School of Arts and Humanities in the Edith Cowan University, Western Australia, who specialised in the study of local history, in the study of surf lifesaving in Australia and in the politics of Cornwall, UK in the 19th century.
They hold Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Education and Master of Arts degrees from the University of Western Australia, and was awarded a Ph.D. by the Washington University in St. Louis in 1980 for a dissertation titled "Patrons, Principles and Parties: Cornwall Politics 1760–1910".
Publications
This is an incomplete list.
Cornwall Politics in the Age of Reform 1790-1855, Royal Historical Society/Boydell Press, (1999), .
This work is described by the RHS as: "This detailed case-study offers a penetrating analysis of the changing political culture in Cornwall up to and after the introduction of the 1832 electoral system. It spans a century in which the country's parliamentary over-representation and notorious political corruption was replaced by a politicised electorate for whom issues and principles were usually paramount. Several modes of electoral behaviour are tested; in particular, the continuous political activism of Cornwall's farmers stands out. Despite remnants of the unreformed electoral system lingering into the mid-Victorian era, Cornwall developed a powerful Liberal tradition, built upon distinctive patterns of non-conformity; the Conservatives, split by dissension, saw their pre-reform ascendancy disappear."
"Managers and Agents: Conservative Party Organisation in the 1850s" in Parliamentary History 27 (1), 7–18 (2008)
Between the Flags: One Hundred Summers of Australian Surf Lifesaving, UNSW Press, (2006), , (edited).
For further titles, search The catalogue of the library of ECU.
References
1942 births
Living people
Historians of Cornwall
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Edith Cowan University faculty
University of Western Australia alumni
Nina Crews born on May 19, 1963, in Frankfurt, Hessen, Germany is a children's author; they are the daughter of Donald Crews and Ann Jonas. They use photographs and photocollages in their books to illustrate vibrant stories about young children. Crews currently lives with their husband and son in Brooklyn, New York.
Education
Crews received a BA in Art from Yale University.
Books
A Girl Like Me (2020)
Seeing Into Tomorrow (2018)
Below (2015)
Jack and the Beanstalk (2011)
The Neighborhood Sing-Along (2011)
Sky-High Guy (2010)
I'll Catch the Moon (2005)
The Neighborhood Mother Goose (2004)
A Ghost Story (2001)
A High, Low, Near, Far, Loud, Quiet Story (1999)
You Are Here (1998)
Snowball (1997)
One Hot Summer Day (1995)
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
American children's writers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
American women children's writers
21st-century American women
Irén Barbér, born Irén Talabér ( February 9, 1939 – May 1, 2006), was a Slovene author, journalist, and notary in Hungary.
Born in Permise (Kétvölgy), their parents were Ferenc Talabér and Teréz Merkli. They studied in Győr and Szombathely, and worked in Felsőszölnök and Alsószölnök as a notary. In 1957 they formed an amateur theater company and primarily wrote comedies in Prekmurje Slovene (the Raba March dialect). Them first of several works was the Živlenje je kratko (Life is Short) and Trnova paut (Thorny Path).
They died in Szombathely, in the Markusovszky Hospital.
External links
Alsószölnök hírességei (alsoszolnok.hu)
Slovenian writers and poets in Hungary
1939 births
2006 deaths
U Thaung () is a Burmese politician who served as Minister for Science and Technology of Myanmar from 1 November 1998 to 30 March 2011. They previously served as an MP in the House of Representatives for Kyaukse Township constituency. They contested the Kyaukse Township in the 2010 Burmese general election and won a seat. However, doubts were raised on the validity of ballot counting and transparency during polling, issues that National Democratic Force candidate Khin Maung Than, reiterated to the Union Election Commission.
References
Members of Pyithu Hluttaw
Government ministers of Myanmar
People from Mandalay Region
1937 births
Living people
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List
Undisputed is a DJ mix album compiled and produced by Deep Dish.
Track listing
Agua Negra - Love Evolution – 5:31
Deep Dish presents Dc Deepressed – Comeback - 6:46
TNT - Feel It – 4:30
Bb Boogie Association - Fire – 6:15
ROC & Kato - Alright – 7:45
Agua Negra - More – 7:06
Basic Soul - Hi Line – 6:32
Grand Centra – Real good - 2:56
95 North – Shake What You Got – 3:08
95 North - Let Me In – 5:20
Kill all Infidels (Deep Dish Mix) – 12:20
Loosse featuring Yolanda Reynolds - About YOU – 1:47
Firefly featuring Ursula Rucker – Supernatural – 6:00
1995 compilation albums
DJ mix albums
Deep Dish (band) compilation albums
Gazi Mohammad Alamgir (born 15 December 1982 in Chittagong) is a Bangladeshi former first-class cricketer active 2003–2008 who played for Chittagong Division. They were a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast medium pace bowler.
References
1982 births
Living people
Bangladeshi cricketers
Chittagong Division cricketers
Kalemler, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Ronald 'Boris' Duncan CPhys (born 4 September 1962) is a former British alpine skier who competed on the annual FIS Alpine Ski World Cup circuit from 1981-1993, at four FIS Alpine World Ski Championships and at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary and the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville. They set up @UK PLC in 1999.
Sporting career
In 1980 and 1983, Duncan was the British men's downhill champion. They were also the men's Super-G champion in 1991 and men's combined champion in 1983 and 1991.
Duncan's best finish on the world cup circuit was in the downhill on 15 March 1990, when they finished in 13th place at Are in Sweden.
At the 1988 Winter Olympics, Duncan finished 37th in the men's downhill and 'did not finish' the men's combined. In the 1992 Winter Olympics they finished 31st in the men's downhill, 40th in the men's Super-G and 'did not finish' the men's combined.
From 2002-04 Duncan was the chairperson of the British Ski and Snowboard Federation, trading as Snowsport GB, the governing body for skiing and snowboarding in Great Britain.
Business career
Duncan is the co-founder and chairperson of @UK PLC. Previously, they ran a computer software consultancy. In 2014 and 2015 they were shortlisted for Entrepreneur of the Year, at the Grant Thornton Quoted Company Awards.
See also
1992 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
British male alpine skiers
Scottish male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alumni of Magdalene College, Cambridge
People educated at Strathallan School
Jean Cipollina (1903–1981) was an Italian rower. They competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris with the men's coxed four where they came fourth.
References
1903 births
Year of death unknown
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Genoa
European Rowing Championships medalists
Foreign Legion is a punk band from South Wales.
History
1984–1991
Foreign Legion formed in 1984 from the ashes of a band called Society, later Dead On Arrival. Dead on Arrival had one song on 1984's Bullsheep Detector album. Following the name change to Foreign Legion (due partly to people shortening it to DOA, which could cause confusion with the Canadian band of that name) and a number of line-up changes (drummers in particular) the band released their first EP in 1986, on their own Rent a Racket label with the line-up of M.H. on vocals, Lynne Murphy on guitar, Helen James on bass and Paul (Marshon) Marsh on drums. Later line-up changes included Paul Marsh introducing keyboards to the band for a short while, Andrew Heggie taking over on guitar and Steven Thomas on bass.Despite many live shows in London, Wales and France, three years passed before Surf City their second EP was released, with their first full-length album entitled Welcome to Fort Zinderneuf also released that same year, 1989. By this time a new line-up had evolved with Mark (Jolly) Williams on bass (from local band Blind Justice, who Andrew Heggie soon joined), together with Peter Giles on guitar and Ben Stansfield on drums, retaining only M.H. on vocals. During the 1980s the band played regular slots in the famous 100 Clubs and supported the likes of UK Subs, The Vibrators, The Partisans, Picture Frame Seduction, The Adicts, Major Accident, Toy Dolls, Angelic Upstarts, 999, Broken Bones and others including Bérurier Noir for one of their first concerts overseas in France, following gig exchanges with Burning Ambitions from Le Havre. They also supported The Alarm, Joe Strummer & the Latino Rockabilly War and the UK Subs when they visited the band's home town of Merthyr Tydfil.
The band split up in 1991.
2000–present
Foreign Legion re-formed in 2000, with members from before the 1991 split; M.H. on vocals, Mark (Jolly) Williams on guitar, Andrew Heggie on bass and Ben Stansfield on drums. They released a split album with Major Accident called Cry of the Legion, before their next full-length album What Goes Around, Comes Around, produced by Mick Jones of The Clash. During the early 2000s the band released EPs and played in mainland Europe and USA with the Dropkick Murphys, Major Accident, The Templars, NY Relics and the UK Subs ,The Misfits, Agnostic Front, Bad Manners, Stiff Little Fingers, The Buzzcocks including a show at New York's CBGBs. In 2007 the album Death Valley was recorded, featuring more new material as well as a re-worked version of Message From Nowhere from the first EP. By 2008 Jarrad (Nöir) Owens and Paul Black had joined the band. This lineup re-recorded six songs written by Mark (Jolly) Williams at SKWAD HQ South Wales – the session captured the band's newly invigorated live sound; with double kick drums and distorted fuzz bass the thrash and metal influences of the new rhythm section were clearly evident. These recordings eventually became the band's contribution to Reality Bites a split 12 track CD albums with US band Sledgeback and also appeared bootlegged, with an incorrect lineup credited.
Following an appearance at the Legendary TJs in Newport in 2008, supporting the Anti-Nowhere League, guitarist Williams posted a statement on the band's Myspace account announcing their departure; Black and Owens soon followed.
Members of local Caerphilly punk covers band Doc Savage joined M.H. in Foreign Legion for a short while before a new line-up emerged with the drummer from 1980s Cwmbran punk band Impact (who also featured on the 1984 Bullsheep Detector album) Glyn (Sid Lovely) Bendon, together with Simon Bendon on guitar and Canis Humanus on bass.
A split EP with German band Riot Company was released in 2011, with a further split EP released in 2012 with Italian band Cervelli Stanki. The band were now back on the road with gigs including the Rebellion festival alongside bands including PiL, Rancid, Buzzcocks and Social Distortion.
Demob bassist Steve Zuki joined the band in 2013, with live performances including two German festivals: Punk and Disorderly and Back On The Streets, a tour of northern Italy and performances in the UK, including headlining the first day at Gosport Punk Festival (with the UK Subs headlining the other day) and support slots alongside Sham 69, 999, Stiff Little Fingers and The Men They Couldn't Hang plus a return to the Rebellion festival alongside bands including Sham 69, Jello Biafra and the Guantanamo School of Medicine, GBH, Discharge, Peter Hook and The Light, TV Smith and many more.
Light at the End of the Tunnel was recorded in 2013 and released on Germany's KB Records in August 2013. Featuring one song sung by bassist Zuki, the album features a number of songs referencing the band's Welsh working-class background, including Market Trader, Regeneration (Council List), and Miners (The Fathers' Sacrifice). The cover image by fellow Merthyr resident Gus Payne depicts a Welsh miner kneeling with their hand on the hilt of a sword planted into the ground, possibly referencing the sword in the stone myth and, along with the album title and the closing track Phoenix From The Flame, provides a positive theme with hope for the future. Vocalist M.H. confirms this intent to project hope for the future; "Light At The End Of The Tunnel is meant to give hope and strength to all the working class people all over the word, that the shining sword...".
Discography
Albums
7-inch vinyl
Compilations
As Dead On Arrival
Bibliography
Burning Britain: The History of UK Punk 1980–1984 by Ian Glasper (four pages on the band). Cherry Red Books (2004).
References
External links
Foreign Legion's Facebook page
Foreign Legion's Youtube
2012 interview with vocalist Marcus Howells
2012 interview with vocalist Marcus Howells
2012 interview with vocalist Marcus Howells
Welsh punk rock groups
Welsh rock music groups
Street punk groups
Underground punk scene in the United Kingdom
Musical groups established in 1984
Musical groups disestablished in 1991
Musical groups reestablished in 2000
Musical quartets
People from Merthyr Tydfil
Josh McNulty (born 24 March 1994) is an English rugby union player who plays for Harlequins in the Gallagher Premiership.
They were part of Worcester Warriors academy, featuring for Worcester Cavaliers in the Aviva A League during the 2013-14 campaign. They switch to Gloucester Rugby academy from the 2015-16 season where they made their senior debut for the Cherry and Whites against Worcester Warriors in the European Challenge Cup in December 2015.
On 21 April 2017, McNulty would leave Gloucester to sign for Premiership rivals Harlequins from the 2017-18 season.
Since signing for Quins, McNulty has often been overlooked at the first team level. But recently featured in the Quins Anglo-Welsh Cup victory against the Scarlets on the 28th of January 2018 (35-7).
References
External links
Harlequins Profile
1994 births
Living people
English rugby union players
Rugby union props
Gloucester Rugby players
Worcester Warriors players
Harlequin F.C. players
Rugby union players from Coventry
Dániel Garas (born 23 February 1973 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian cinematographer, director of photography. They graduated from the Hungarian University of Art and Design, Budapest as a photographer and at the Academy of Drama and Film, Budapest as a cinematographer.
List of works
Feature films
1999 • Portugal • directed by Andor Lukáts, produced by György Budai
2000 • Moscow Square • directed by Ferenc Török, produced by Sándor Simó (Hunnia Filmstúdió)
2003 • Love Till Last Blood • directed by György Dobrai, produced by Gábor Varga (Film Plus)
2004 • Eastern Sugar • directed by Ferenc Török, produced by László Kántor (Új Budapest Filmstúdió)
2006 • Overnight • directed by Ferenc Török, produced by Iván Angelusz (Katapult Film/Filmpartners)
2007 • Mázli • directed by Tamás Keményffy, produced by Dalma Hidasi (Extreme Film)
Short films
1999 • Transit • directed by Ferenc Török
2003 • Shoes • directed by Ferenc Török
2005 • Beautiful Wild Animals • directed by Ferenc Török
2005 • Live • directed by Gábor Fabriciusz
2005 • Cokie • directed by László Kollár
2005 • Paul Street Boys • directed by Ferenc Török
2006 • Sekh Mohamed Poem • directed by Ahmed Aldogajie
Music videos
2000 • Budapest • Zséda, Dopeman, Majka
2000 • Budapest • Bëlga, Žagar
2004 • Beirut • Fadl Shakeer, Wael Kfonni, Ramy Ayach, Wallid Tufic • directed by Said El Maoruk, produced by Rotana
2004 • Beirut • Samo Zaen, Madelen, Elissa, Fadl and Shareen • directed by Said El Maoruk, produced by Rotana
2005 • Beirut • Rashed al Majed • directed by Ahmed Dajabi, produced by Rotana
Commercials
2002-2005 • Budapest • OTP Bank, HVB Bank, Aegon Bank, Nestle, Vodafone, T-Mobile, T-Online, Daewoo, Pepsi
2005 • Beirut • Merchef, Lipton
External links
Dániel Garas's youtube.com page
1973 births
Hungarian cinematographers
Living people
The Adriatic blenny, Microlipophrys adriaticus, is a species of combtooth blenny widespread in the Mediterranean Sea, the Adriatic Sea and the Aegean Sea, also known from the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea. This species grows to a length of TL.
References
Adriatic blenny
Fish of the Adriatic Sea
Fish of the Black Sea
Aegean Sea
Adriatic blenny
Taxa named by Franz Steindachner
Taxa named by Juraj Kolombatović
Tiro is a town and sub-prefecture in the Faranah Prefecture in the Faranah Region of Guinea. It lies on the upper reaches of the River Niger. As of 2014 it had a population of 18,982 people.
The terrain around Tiro is mainly flat. Tiro is located in a valley. The highest point nearby is 485 meters above sea level, 1.0 km northwest of Tiro. Around Tiro, it is sparsely populated, with 14 inhabitants per square kilometer. There are no other communities nearby. In the surroundings around Tiro grows mainly savanna forest .
The Savanna climate prevails in the area. The average annual temperature in the neighborhood is 21 °C . The warmest month is February, when the average temperature is 25 °C, and the coldest is August, with 18 °C. average annual turnaround is 2,025 millimeters. The rainy month is September, with an average of 410 mm rainfall, and the driest is January, with 1 mm rainfall.
References
Sub-prefectures of the Faranah Region
The 1988 Malta International Football Tournament (known as the Rothmans Tournament for sponsorship reasons) was the third edition of the Malta International Tournament. The competition was played between 8 and 12 February, with games hosted at the National Stadium in Ta' Qali.
Matches
Note: Carmel Busuttil set the goal-scoring record for Malta (8 goals)
Winner
Statistics
Goalscorers
See also
China Cup
Cyprus International Football Tournament
References
1987–88 in Maltese football
1987–88 in German football
1988
The Manasota culture was an archaeological culture that was practiced on the central Gulf coast of the Florida peninsula from about 500 BCE until about 900, when it developed into the Safety Harbor culture. From about 300 to 700 the Manasota culture adopted the ceremonial ceramics and burial practices of the Weeden Island cultures of northern Florida and adjacent Alabama and Georgia.
The Manasota culture was defined by archaeologists George Luer and Marion Almy in 1979. Their definition partially replaced an earlier definition of a Perico Island tradition or culture, which failed to hold up under later research. Luer and Almy identify 25 archaeological sites around Tampa Bay and between Tampa Bay and Charlotte Harbor as belonging to the Manasota culture.
The Manasota culture incorporated ceremonial burial practices of the Weeden Island cultures starting around 300 until 700.
Weeden Island sacred ceramics were first described at the Weedon Island site in Pinellas County. The Weedon Island site was part of the Weeden Island-related late Manasota culture. Archaeologists now recognize that the Weedon Island site is well outside the heartland of the Weeden Island culture, and that the Manasota culture developed around 500 BCE, 700 years before the development of the Weeden Island sacred complex. The secular component of the Manasota culture had no connection with the secular components of heartland Weeden Island cultures.
Citations
References
External links
Post-Archaic period in North America
Formative period in the Americas
Indigenous peoples of the Southeastern Woodlands
Archaeological cultures of North America
Pre-Columbian cultures
Native American history of Florida
Archaeological sites in Florida
Former Native American populated places in the United States
Pre-statehood history of Florida
Fritillaria anhuiensis is a Chinese species of bulb-forming flowering plant in the lily family Liliaceae. It is native to Anhui and Henan Provinces in China.
Fritillaria anhuiensis produces bulbs up to 20 mm in diameter. Stem is up to 50 cm long, supporting usually 1 or 2 flowers but occasionally 3 or 4. Flowers are nodding (hanging downwards), usually yellowish with purple spots but sometimes white or purple.
References
anhuiensis
Endemic flora of China
Plants described in 1983
Paul Keels is the current play-by-play announcer for Ohio State University's football and men's basketball teams for WBNS Radio and the Ohio State Sports Network.
A native of Cincinnati, Keels began their broadcasting career in their hometown as a news anchor/reporter for WLW Radio in 1979. The following year, they moved to Detroit to work for WJR Radio to call games for the NBA Detroit Pistons (1980–1981), and then to WWJ Radio to call football and basketball for the University of Michigan from 1981–1987.
Following a year at UPI Radio Network in Washington DC, Keels returned to Cincinnati in 1988 to become the voice of the University of Cincinnati Bearcats and host a sports talk show on WCKY-AM. From 1992–1995, Paul hosted a Morning News Show on WHIO Radio in Dayton. In 1994, they again became play-by-play voice for the University of Cincinnati. Then in 1996, they started to do play-by-play duties for the Bengals. Following the 1996 football season, WLW's parent company, Jacor Communications, lost the rights to the Bengals, and Paul continued broadcasting football and basketball for the University of Cincinnati. They joined WBNS radio and the Ohio State Buckeyes Radio Network in 1998.
Keels also worked for the Cincinnati Bengals as a preseason announcer on WKRC-TV from 2000–2010, and worked on the Cincinnati Reds Television Broadcasts for Fox Sports Ohio in 2010.  They are also the author of Tales from the Buckeye Championship Season, which recounts the Buckeyes' 2002 National Championship run.
Awards and honors
Four-time NSSA Ohio Broadcaster of the Year (2007 - shared with Marty Brennaman, 2010, 2011, 2012)
Ohio Broadcasters Hall of Fame Inductee (class of 2007)
Personal life
Keels graduated from Moeller High School in Cincinnati, and studied communications at Xavier University.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American radio sports announcers
American television sports announcers
Cincinnati Bearcats football announcers
Cincinnati Bearcats men's basketball
Cincinnati Bengals announcers
Cincinnati Reds announcers
College basketball announcers in the United States
Michigan Wolverines football announcers
Detroit Pistons announcers
Major League Baseball broadcasters
National Basketball Association broadcasters
National Football League announcers
Ohio State Buckeyes football announcers
Ohio State Buckeyes men's basketball announcers
Radio personalities from Cincinnati
Xavier University alumni
College football announcers
Belgium was represented by Barbara Dex at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, which took place in Millstreet, Ireland, performing "Iemand als jij". Dex was the winner of the Flemish national final for the contest, Eurosong '93.
Before Eurovision
Eurosong '93
Flemish broadcaster Belgische Radio- en Televisieomroep Nederlandstalige Uitzendingen (BRTN) was in charge of preparations for the Belgian entry for the 1993 Contest. BRTN held a national final to select the entry for the Contest, consisting of four semi-finals leading up to a grand final on 6 March 1993. The shows were held in Knokke Casino, hosted by Alexandra Potvin and Hans Otten.
Semi-finals
Four semi-finals were held in February 1993 to select the 12 finalists for the Belgian final. 10 songs competed in each semi-final, with the top 3 songs, selected by an expert jury, progressing to the final.
Final
The final of the contest was held on 6 March 1993, where the winner of the Contest was selected from the 12 semi-final qualifiers by six juries: five regional juries and one expert jury. The final winner was Barbara Dex with "Iemand als jij".
Voting
At Eurovision
On the night of the final Dex performed 7th in the running order, following Greece and preceding Malta. Them performance became infamous due to their see-through dress, which they made herself. At the close of the voting "Iemand als jij" had received 3 points, placing Belgium 25th and last, relegating the country from taking part in the 1994 Contest.
Voting
References
External links
Belgian National Final 1993
1993
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993
Eurovision
The Irish Sea border is an informal term for the trade border between Northern Ireland and Great Britain. It was specified by the Ireland/Northern Ireland Protocol of the Brexit withdrawal agreement (February 2020), was refined by the Joint Committee in December 2020, and came into effect on 1 January 2021 following the end of the Brexit transition period. As a result of the Agreement, Northern Ireland remains aligned to the European Single Market in a limited way for goods, whilst remaining part of the United Kingdom customs territory and the UK internal market. Its effect is that the need for customs checks on the Irish border has been avoided, and a hard border has not been re-established.
This Irish Sea border was the option taken by Prime Minister Johnson in October 2019 to break the impasse of the "Brexit Trilemma" (of three competing objectives: no hard border on the island; no Irish Sea border; and no British participation in the European Single Market and the European Union Customs Union: it is not possible to have all three.)
Under the terms of Article 18 of the protocol, the Northern Ireland Assembly has the power (after 31 December 2024) to decide whether to terminate or continue the protocol arrangements. "The Withdrawal Agreement doesn't state how Northern Ireland should give consent [to continue] – it is for the UK to determine how that decision is made" but the UK Government has already declared that the decision will be made by a simple majority of Assembly members. In the event that consent is not given, the arrangements would cease to apply two years thereafter. The Joint Committee would make alternative proposals to the UK and EU to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland. If consent is given, then the question may be put again after a further four years.
At the 2022 Northern Ireland Assembly election, parties favouring continuance of the protocol won 53 of the 90 seats.
Implications
When crossing from Great Britain into Northern Ireland, people carrying more than €10,000 (or equivalent) in cash are required to follow the same laws as when travelling from Great Britain to the European Union. (An initial plan to require pet passports has been suspended indefinitely while negotiations continue.)
Controversies
While conducting Brexit negotiations during their term as British Prime Minister, Theresa May stated "no UK prime minister could ever agree" to an Irish Sea border. Similarly, in August 2020, Boris Johnson said that "There will be no border down the Irish Sea – over my dead body".
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) supported Brexit, but "opposed the protocol and voted against it in the House of Commons." Some Unionists, according to The Independent, believed that: "the Brexit deal has cut NI adrift from the rest of the UK, pushing Belfast further away from London, paving the way for an economic united Ireland", and loyalists called for the arrangement to be removed or, furthermore, for the collapse of the devolved administration. The governing DUP, however, said that "It would be a foolish idea to collapse devolution. It would remove the party who opposed the NI Protocol and give all power for Northern Ireland back to the UK government, who created and implemented the NI Protocol." Speaking before Westminster voted to ratify the Trade Agreement, Lord Empey (chairperson of the Ulster Unionist Party) argued that the Protocol came about because the DUP had indicated acceptance of it. They said that they had "pointed out that, immediately this document was released, Arlene Foster and their DUP colleagues endorsed these proposals, describing them as 'a serious and sensible way forward'".
In January 2021, graffiti reading "all border control post staff are targets" was painted onto a wall near Larne port. On 1 February, DAERA instructed Border Control Post staff in Larne and Belfast to "temporarily suspend" physical controls on Products of Animal Origin, pending talks with the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI), due to threats to the safety of staff. "Full documentary checks" continued as usual.
2022 Northern Ireland Assembly election
At the election to the Northern Ireland Assembly in May 2022, parties opposed to the very principle of a distinct arrangement for Northern Ireland (the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV) and two Independent Unionists) secured just 28 of the 90 seats. The position of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP), which secured nine seats, is more measured: although opposed to the protocol as it stands, the party would accept it given significant changes. Even with the UUP opposed, this suggests a 5337 vote in favour of continuance.
See also
2021 Northern Ireland riots
Results of the 2016 United Kingdom European Union membership referendum § Northern Ireland
Notes
References
External links
2021 establishments in Northern Ireland
2021 in international relations
Internal borders of the United Kingdom
Border
Maritime boundaries
Ireland–United Kingdom relations
Brexit
The Bank Bill of 1791 is a common term for two bills passed by the First Congress of the United States of America on February 25 and March 2 of 1791.
Background
After Alexander Hamilton became Secretary of the Treasury in 1790, they promoted the expansion of the federal government through a variety of controversial bills. Hamilton argued that a federal bank would be beneficial to the national economy. The opening paragraph of the bill sums up their arguments:
Rights and restrictions
This bill grants that a "bank of the United States" shall be granted limited legal rights in order to manage the national finance, to obtain loans for the federal government in case of sudden emergencies, and to promote trade and industry. The bank was granted the following legal rights and restrictions:
Bank stock
The corporation was granted the right to issue paper stock under the following restrictions:
The corporation was granted the legal right to sell a maximum of 25,000 shares of stocks at $400 each for a total of $10,000,000, beginning April 1, 1791. Any individual, partnership or body politic could purchase up to 1,000 shares.
The corporation was granted the legal right to accept payment for these shares at the fixed ratio of two currencies: $1 in gold or silver for every $3 in federal debt bonds, which were issued under the Funding Act of 1790 and bore interest at an annual rate of 6%.
The corporation was required to pay dividends to shareholders at $9 per share every six months, the nominal equivalent of 6% annual interest on the $300 in debt bonds that shareholders initially used to purchase the bank stock. These dividends would be paid at a fixed ratio of two currencies: $1 in gold or silver for every $3 in debts bonds.
Corporate personhood
The shareholders of the bank were granted the legal right of corporate personhood and the corporation was granted several rights:
Shareholders were granted the legal right to form a corporation, "The President, Directors and Company, of the Bank of the United States", with its own legal seal, continuing until March 4, 1811.
The corporation was granted the legal rights of corporate person: "to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be answered, defend and be defended, in courts of record, and any other place whatsoever."
The corporation was granted the right to buy "lands, rents, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, and effects of what kind, nature or quality soever" and to "sell, grant, demise, aliene, or dispose of" the commodities above.
The corporation may only hold lands, tenements and hereditaments "requisite for its immediate accommodation in relation to the convenient transacting of" the corporation's business.
The corporation was granted the right of monopoly in that no other bank would be established by the federal government during its continuance.
Self-governance
The corporation would be self-governed according to the following organizational structure:
Shares would initially be sold under the supervision of "not less than three" superintendents, appointed by the president of the United States.
Whenever the corporation would obtain $400,000 in gold and silver from shareholders, the corporation would be required to elect 25 shareholders as directors of the bank and then reelect 25 directors each January 1.
Shareholders cast votes in proportion to the number of shares that they hold. Only shareholders, citizens of the United States, are eligible as directors. The directors choose one of themselves as president after each election.
7 directors constitute a quorum.
Any group of at least 60 people in possession of at least 200 shares can call a general meeting.
The directors are personally responsible for any debts beyond the allowed limit without exempting the corporation's holdings from legal confiscation. However, absentee or dissenting directors may excuse themselves from liability.
Accounting
The nominal value of the corporation's commodities was capped at $15,000,000 including the $2,500,000 of gold and silver, and the $7,500,000 in debt bonds potentially obtained through the sale of stocks (see above).
The total debt of the corporation was capped at $10,000,000 beyond any monies deposited at the bank.
The corporation was granted the right to sell the debt bonds obtained through the sale of stock, but was prohibited from buying debt bonds.
The corporation was prohibited from charging more than 6% on loans or discounts.
The corporation was prohibited from trading anything except "bills of exchange, gold and silver boullion, or in the sale of goods really and truly pledged for money lent and not redeemed in due time; or of goods which shall be the produce of its lands."
The corporation was granted the right to lend up to $100,000 to the federal government and up to $50,000 to any individual state.
The corporation was prohibited from making loans to any foreign prince or state without legal authorization from the United States.
The corporation was required to provide the Secretary of the Treasury with "statements of the amount of the capital stock of the said corporation, and of the debts due to the same; of the monies deposited therein; of the notes in circulation, and of the cash in hand" and the secretary was granted the right to inspect the accounting of the bank.
Any bills issued by the bank were declared legal tender for payments to the United States
Any fraud or wrongdoing in relation to the bank would be punished by a fine of three times the cost of the crime committed.
See also
First Bank of the United States
Monetary sovereignty
Second Report on Public Credit
Report on a Plan for the Further Support of Public Credit
References
Concerning the First National Bank in Colonial America
Historical Video Archives
External links
Acts of the 1st United States Congress
United States federal banking legislation
Larry Nathaniel Kimbrough (September 23, 1923 – January 29, 2001), nicknamed "Schoolboy", was an American Negro league pitcher in the 1940s. A rare switch pitcher, they played for the Philadelphia Stars and the Homestead Grays.
A native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Kimbrough graduated from Benjamin Franklin High School, where they starred on the school's baseball team, tossing a no-hitter in 1941. A natural left-hander, they learned to throw right-handed as a child while recuperating from an injury. Kimbrough played in the Negro leagues from 1942–44, and again in 1946 after returning from WWII. Records are fragmentary, but it is believed they pitched only 16 innings over their career, as well as playing in the outfield in several games. No independent accounts have verified that Kimbrough operated as a switch pitcher during their Negro League career, but Kimbrough themselves claims that they earned a complete game victory in 1943 pitching from both sides. (Other accounts verify their pitching win, but not that they used both arms as a pitcher in that specific game.) The Society for American Baseball Research identifies Kimbrough as having been on the roster of the 1948 Homestead Grays, but there does not appear to be a record of Kimbrough appearing in a regular season game for the club (although they did appear in a few exhibition games.)
Kimbrough served in the US Army during World War II, and died in Philadelphia in 2001 at age 77.
References
External links
and Seamheads
Larry Kimbrough at Negro League Baseball Museum
Larry Kimbrough biography from Society for American Baseball Research (SABR)
Larry Kimbrough at Baseball Reference Bullpen
1923 births
2001 deaths
Philadelphia Stars players
Homestead Grays players
20th-century African-American sportspeople
.
The is an archaeological site with a Kofun period mass grave located in what is now the Minato neighborhood of city of Tanabe in Wakayama Prefecture in the Kansai region of Japan. It received protection as a National Historic Site in 1979.
Overview
The site is located in the innermost part of Tanabe Bay facing the Kii Channel on the western shore of the Kii Peninsula. The area contains many sea caves caused by wave erosion, and the Isoma site is a rock shelter measuring about 23 meters wide by about 5 meters deep by 5 meters high on the west slope of a 20-meter hill made of soft sandstone. In 1969, a large amount of Sue ware pottery, antler products, and human bones, were excavated. The largest stone chamber contained the remains of an old man and an infant buried facing each other, and grave goods included many fishing implements, including fishing hooks and a harpoon and an iron sword. These remains were covered with the accumulation of fine sand due to the wind erosion of the rock shelter, but there was no evidence that there was a seal on the stone burial chamber, and the remains were originally exposed within the rock shelter. Within the shelter were a total of eight stone burial chambers with an estimated 13 human remains, and it is believed that they were used from the end of the 5th century to the first half of the 7th century AD, based on the contents of the grave goods.
Recovered artifacts are exhibited at the Tanabe City Museum of History and Folklore. These were collectively designated a National Important Cultural Property in 1988.
The site is about 10 minutes by car from Kii-Tanabe Station on the JR West Kisei Main Line.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Wakayama)
References
External links
Tanabe City official site
Kofun
History of Wakayama Prefecture
Tanabe, Wakayama
Historic Sites of Japan
Kii Province
Coan wine is wine from the Greek island of Kos, and in particular a style of wine invented there in classical antiquity that was known for its saltiness.
History
This distinctively salty style of wine was, according to Pliny, invented accidentally by a slave, who added seawater to the must meet their production quota. The result apparently became popular, and was imitated by neighboring winemakers, such as those on Rhodes. From about the 4th century BC, it began to be exported in large quantities. Since the addition of salt water tended to mask any local distinctiveness, other regions even began manufacturing amphorae in the Coan style in which to ship their imitations of Coan-style wine, meaning that by some point "Coan wine" became a generic term for a style of wine that was in fact made in many different locations.
The wine's reputation was quite good in classical Greece—Strabo mentions it alongside the well-regarded Chian and Lesbian wines. The connoisseurs of ancient Rome, however, preferred wines without seawater added, and both Pliny and Galen strongly recommend unadulterated wines such as those of Chios.
Production
Two accounts of the production of Coan-style wine survive, one given by Cato the Elder in De agri cultura, and the other, attributed to Berytius, in the Byzantine collection Geoponica. Two alternate recipes are attributed to Berytius. The first prescribes boiling 3 parts must and 1 part seawater down to two thirds. The other prescribes starting with 2 metretai white wine and mixing into it: 1 cup salt, 3 cups hepsetos (that is, grape must that has been concentrated by boiling), 1 cup vetch flour, 100 drachmai melilot, 16 drachmai apples, and 16 drachmai Celtic nard.
See also
Ancient Greece and wine
References
Ancient wine
Greek wine
Kos
Ancient Greek culture
The Hong Kong Chinese Importers' and Exporters' Association (HKCIEA; ) is a non-profit organization of local Chinese firms and business person of the import and export industry based in Hong Kong.
Largely regarded as a pro-Beijing group, it has representative in the Legislative Council of Hong Kong through the Import and Export functional constituency and also electoral representatives in the Election Committee which is responsible for the Chief Executive election. The current holder of the seat in the Legislative Council is Wong Ting-kwong of the pro-Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong (DAB).
References
Chambers of commerce in Hong Kong
1954 establishments in Hong Kong
Shiny Kurisingal Wilson (née Abraham, born 8 May 1965) is a retired Indian athlete. They have been a National Champion in 800 metres for 14 years. Shiny Abraham Wilson (Shiny Abraham) represented India more than 75 times in international competition. They hold the added distinction of representing Asia in four World Cups.  They are also perhaps the only athlete to have taken part in six Asian Track & Field Meets in a row beginning 1985 in Jakarta. During this period they won seven gold, five silver and two bronze medals in the Asian competitions. They collected a total of 18 gold and two silver medals from the seven South Asian Federation (SAF) Meets they have competed.
Early life
Born at Thodupuzha in Idukki district of Kerala on 8 May 1965, Shiny became interested in athletics as a child but developed their skills after joining the sports division in Kottayam.
In fact Shiny, PT Usha and M D Valsamma studied at the same sports division in various parts of Kerala and as they grew up, they were coached by the NIS coach P. J Devasia.
Shiny was then trained at G.V. Raja Sports School in Trivandrum before they moved to Alphonsa College in Palai.
 They are currently the Indian team selector and government nominee for selection committee board.
Career
Shiny Abraham's athletics career ran alongside that of PT Usha from the time the two of them represented the country in the Asian Games in New Delhi in 1982. Shiny became national champion in the 800 metres a year before the Asian Games in Delhi.
They cut into the inner lane and was disqualified while very much in front of the field during the 1986 Asian Games in Seoul. At the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, they became the first woman to be the flag bearer for India at the Olympics.
Them most memorable competition was the Asian Track & Field Meet at Delhi in 1989, despite being in the family way, they ran the 800;meters to come second behind Sun Sumei of China but Shiny was declared the winner as Sumei tested positive for doping. One of their greatest achievements was that they were running even faster after the birth of their child and they set a new record of 1:59.85 in the 800m race at the 1995 South Asian Federation (SAF) Games in Chennai.
Shiny married swimmer Wilson Cherian in December 1988.
Shiny was awarded the Arjuna Award in 1985, Birla Award in 1996 and Padma Shri in 1998. they are also the recipient of Chinese Journalists Award 1991 for being one of the Top Ten Athletes of Asia.
Participation
Shiny Abraham has participated in four Olympic Games: Los Angeles (1984), Seoul (1988), Barcelona (1992) and Atlanta(1996).
Although they didn't win any medals at any of the four Olympics, they and P.T. Usha powered India to an unexpected Women's 4X400 relay final at the 1984 Games.
They were also the captain of the Indian Contingent at the 1992 Games.
They have also represented India in three Asian Games and has won a Gold, 2 Silvers and a Bronze.
In the Asian Track and Field meets, they have won 7 Gold Medals, 6 Silver Medals and 2 Bronze Medals.
Represented India for more than 75 Times .
First Indian Women athlete to reach the semi-finals in Olympics in women's 800m
First Indian woman captain and flag bearer for Indian Contingent for 1996 Atlanta Olympics
Awards
They received the Arjuna award in 1984
They received Chinese journalist award 1991 From Chinese Government For their Outstanding Achievement in Sports
They were conferred Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award in 1998.
They were honoured with Birla Award in 1998.
In 2002, they Are Honoured by the UNICEF, Los Angeles and had presented a paper presentation on behalf of Asia
In 2009, they were awarded Lifetime Achievement Award From CNN IBN at Delhi
In 2012, they were Awarded Lifetime Achievement Award From JFW Achievers Award in Chennai
In 2012, they were awarded Lifetime Achievement Award From Sun Networks for Women Achievers for the Field of Sports
See also
List of Indian women athletes
List of Kerala Olympians
List of Indian records in athletics
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of India
Sportswomen from Kerala
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Recipients of the Padma Shri in sports
Indian female sprinters
Indian female middle-distance runners
20th-century Indian women
20th-century Indian people
People from Idukki district
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 1982 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1986 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for India
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Olympic female sprinters
A radio button or option button is a graphical control element that allows the user to choose only one of a predefined set of mutually exclusive options. The singular property of a radio button makes it distinct from checkboxes, where the user can select and unselect any number of items.
Radio buttons are arranged in groups of two or more and displayed on screen as, for example, a list of circular holes that can contain white space (for unselected) or a dot (for selected). Each radio button is normally accompanied by a label describing the choice that the radio button represents. The choices are mutually exclusive; when the user selects a radio button, any previously selected radio button in the same group becomes deselected (making it so only one can be selected). Selecting a radio button is done by clicking the mouse on (or touching the screen over) the button, or the caption, or by using a keyboard shortcut.
It is possible that initially none of the radio buttons in a group are selected. This unselected state cannot be restored by interacting with the radio button widget, though it may be possible through other user interface elements.
When used in an HTML form, if no button in a group is checked, then no name–value pair is passed when the form is submitted. For example, for a radio button group named Sex with the options Male and Female, the variable Sex would not be passed, even with a blank value.
Etymology
Radio buttons were named after the physical buttons used on older radios to select preset stations – when one of the buttons was pressed, other buttons would pop out, leaving the pressed button the only button in the "pushed in" position.
HTML
In web forms, the HTML element is used to display a radio button. Example:
<form>
<input type="radio" name="season" value="winter" checked>Winter
<input type="radio" name="season" value="spring">Spring
<input type="radio" name="season" value="summer">Summer
<input type="radio" name="season" value="autumn">Autumn
</form>A group of attributes is defined by name. In one group, only one radio button can be chosen.
Unicode
Version 6 of the Unicode standard includes a character designated to represent a radio button, (🔘) at code point 128,280 (U+1F518), found in the Miscellaneous Symbols and Pictographs section. Similar characters are the mathematical operator as well as and .
The font Wingdings 2 contains at position 153 and 158 glyphs that look like radio buttons.
See also
Checkbox
References
External links
RFC1866: the HTML 2.0 specification, which defined radio buttons on the web.
W3 HTML 4.01 Specification
Usage of radio buttons in Sun's Java Programming Tutorial
Graphical control elements
Mutlu, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The men's 200 metre backstroke competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 23 at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre. The last champion was Ryan Lochte of US.
This race consisted of four lengths of the pool, all in backstroke.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on August 23, at 11:37.
B Final
The B final was held on August 23, at 20:52.
A Final
The final was held on August 23, at 20:52.
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Shaykh 'Abbasi (active from 1650–1684) was a Persian painter known for incorporating European and Indian influences into their illustrations, a practice later adopted by Muhammad Zaman and 'Aliquli Jabbadar. Their style evolved to become more Indian as their career went on – they painted Mughal emperors and drew particularly Indian heads, using similar techniques. Their work has been proposed as evidence of a cultural exchange between 17th-century Iranian artists and Golconda artists from the same time period. A total of 25 paintings have been attributed to Shaykh 'Abbasi, including illuminations from manuscripts and miniatures featuring, among other subjects, the Safavid emperors and the Madonna and Child, colored in pale, transparent tones. Given the activities of contemporaneous artists, it is highly likely that they also painted on objects made from papier-mâché that was lacquered. They trained their two sons, 'Ali Naqi and Muhammad Taqi, in the same style.
References
Iranian artists
Persian miniature painters
17th-century painters of Safavid Iran
17th-century Iranian painters
White County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 77,076. The county seat is Searcy. White County is Arkansas's 31st county, formed on October 23, 1835, from portions of Independence, Jackson, and Pulaski counties and named for Hugh Lawson White, a Whig candidate for President of the United States. It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county, though a few private establishments (such as the Searcy Country Club, and Veterans of Foreign Wars posts in Searcy and Beebe) can serve alcohol.
White County comprises the Searcy, AR Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Little Rock-North Little Rock, AR Combined Statistical Area.
History
On May 17, 1862, White County was the site of the Little Red Skirmish between Union Major General Samuel J Curtis and a force of about 100 loosely-organized Confederates, followed by the battle at Whitney Lane in June. also known as The Skirmish at Searcy Landing.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water. It is the second-largest county by area in Arkansas.
Major highways
Future Interstate 57
U.S. Highway 64
U.S. Highway 67
U.S. Highway 167
Highway 5
Highway 11
Highway 13
Highway 16
Highway 31
Highway 36
Highway 87
Highway 110
Highway 124
Highway 157
Highway 258
Highway 267
Highway 305
Highway 310
Highway 320
Highway 321
Highway 323
Highway 367
Highway 385
Adjacent counties
Independence County (north)
Jackson County (northeast)
Woodruff County (east)
Prairie County (southeast)
Lonoke County (southwest)
Faulkner County (west)
Cleburne County (northwest)
National and state protected areas
Bald Knob National Wildlife Refuge
Henry Gray / Hurricane Lake Wildlife Management Area
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 76,822 people, 28,621 households, and 18,028 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 67,165 people, 25,148 households, and 18,408 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 27,613 housing units at an average density of 27 per square mile (10/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.52% White, 3.56% Black or African American, 0.43% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.82% from other races, and 1.31% from two or more races. 1.88% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 25,148 households, out of which 33.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.90% were married couples living together, 9.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.80% were non-families. 23.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.40% under the age of 18, 12.80% from 18 to 24, 27.20% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 13.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,203, and the median income for a family was $38,782. Males had a median income of $29,884 versus $20,323 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,890. About 10.40% of families and 14.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.10% of those under age 18 and 14.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
In 1988, White County elected virtually an entire slate of Republicans to county offices. Though such Republican sweeps had frequently occurred in northern and northwestern Arkansas, White County was the first in the Little Rock area to turn to Republican as the party steadily made inroads toward a two-party system.
A portion of White County is represented in the Arkansas State Senate by the Republican Ronald R. Caldwell, a real estate business person from Wynne in Cross County. The 45th and current White County Judge is Michael Lincoln of Searcy, who assumed office in January 2007.
Over the past few election cycles White County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Economy
One of the state's largest banks, First Security Bank, was established in Searcy in 1932 as Security Bank. First Security now has over $8 billion in assets and 78 locations in Arkansas.
The first Wal-Mart distribution center away from the corporate headquarters in Bentonville was established in Searcy.
Education
Public education
Public education is provided by several public school districts including:
Private education
Colleges and universities
Arkansas State University-Beebe Public, established in 1927 as The Junior Agricultural School of Central Arkansas.
Arkansas State University-Searcy A technical branch of Arkansas State University
Harding University Private, Churches of Christ enrollment over 6000.
Communities
Cities
Bald Knob
Beebe
Bradford
Judsonia
Kensett
McRae
Pangburn
Searcy (county seat)
Towns
Garner
Georgetown
Griffithville
Higginson
Letona
Rose Bud
Russell
West Point
Unincorporated communities
Albion — north-central White County, between Four Mile Hill or "Boothill" and Pangburn, and north of Letona, along Arkansas Highway 16 and surrounding county roads
Antioch — western White County, north of Beebe, along Arkansas Highways 31 and 267 and surrounding county roads
Andrews
Bare Stone
Barrentine Corner
Bee Rock
Belcher
Center Hill — central White County, approximately 8 miles west of Searcy, situated along Arkansas Highway 36 and 305 and surrounding county roads
Clay
Conant
Crosby
Dewey
Dogwood
Doniphan
El Paso — southwestern White County, situated along Arkansas Highway 5 and U.S. Highway 64 West
Enright
Essex
Floyd — western White County, approximately 8 miles southeast of Romance, along Arkansas Highways 31 and 305 and surrounding county roads
Four Mile Hill or "Boot Hill" — central White County, northwest of Searcy and southeast of Albion, along Arkansas Highway 16 and surrounding county roads
Georgia Ridge – home community of Arkansas State Representative Charlotte Douglas of District 75 in Crawford County
Gravel Hill — western White County, northwest of Floyd and south of Joy, situated between Arkansas Highways 31 and 36 along Gravel Hill Road and surrounding county roads
Hammondsville – western White County, between Romance and El Paso, primarily situated along Hammons Chapel Road (connecting Highway 5 and El Paso Road)
Happy
Harmony — central White County, southwest of Center Hill, situated along Arkansas Highway 305 and surrounding county roads
Hart
Hickory Flat
Holly Springs
Joy — central White County, between Rose Bud and Center Hill, situated along Arkansas Highway 36 and surrounding county roads
Keeler Corner
Liberty Valley — eastern White County, between Bald Knob and the White River, along U.S. Highway 64 East and surrounding county roads
Little Red
Midway
Mitchell Corner
Morning Sun — annexed to Higginson in 2008
Nimmo
Opal — southwestern White County, between El Paso and Beebe, along U.S. Highway 64 West and Opal Road and surrounding county roads
Pickens — north-central White County, between Sidon and Letona, along Arkansas Highway 310 (Pickens Chapel Road) and Pickens Road and surrounding county roads
Plainview — northeastern White County, north of Judsonia, along Arkansas Highways 157 and 385 and surrounding county roads
Pryor
Providence — northeastern White County, north of Judsonia and northwest of Bald Knob, along Arkansas Highways 157 and 258 and surrounding county roads; site of White County Central Schools
Rio Vista
Romance — western White County, between Rose Bud and El Paso, along Arkansas Highways 5 and 31 and surrounding county roads
Showalter's Corner
Sidon — north-central White County, west of Pickens and north of Joy, along Arkansas Highway 310 and surrounding county roads
Smyrna
Steprock
Sunnydale
Twentythree
Velvet Ridge — northeastern White County, north of Bald Knob, along U.S. Highway 167 and surrounding county roads
Vinity Corner — south-central White County, south of Garner and southeast of McRae, along West Vinity Road, North Vinity Road, and other county roads southeast of Arkansas Highway 367
Walker — southeastern White County, south of Higginson and west of Griffithville, along Arkansas Highway 11 (Walker Road) and surrounding county roads
Worden
Wright's Corner
Historic towns
Beeler Ferry
Bethel Grove
Denmark
Jasmine
Mount Pisgah
Old Stoney Point
Roosevelt
Russell
Union Hill
Townships
Albion
Antioch
Bald Knob (Bald Knob)
Big Creek (Pangburn)
Cadron
Cane
Chrisp
Clay
Cleveland
Coffey
Coldwell
Crosby
Cypert
Denmark
Des Arc
Dogwood (Griffithville)
El Paso
Francure (Georgetown)
Garner (Garner)
Gravel Hill
Gray (most of Searcy, part of Kensett)
Gum Springs (part of Searcy)
Guthrie
Harrison (most of Judsonia, part of Searcy)
Hartsell Township
Higginson Township (Higginson, part of Searcy)
Jackson
Jefferson
Joy
Kensett (most of Kensett, small part of Searcy)
Kentucky (Rose Bud)
Liberty (Bradford)
McRae (McRae)
Marion (Letona)
Marshall
Mount Pisgah
Red River (West Point, part of Judsonia)
Royal
Russell (Russell)
Union (Beebe)
Velvet Ridge
Walker
Source:
See also
Crow Lake (Arkansas)
List of lakes in White County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in White County, Arkansas
References
External links
White County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
White County Historical Society
White County official website
1835 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1835
Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway metropolitan area
Canadian defamation law refers to defamation law as it stands in both common law and civil law jurisdictions in Canada. As with most Commonwealth jurisdictions, Canada follows English law on defamation issues (except in the province of Quebec where private law is derived from French civil law).
Common-law provinces
Defamation law
At common law, defamation covers any communication that tends to lower the reputation of the subject in the minds of ordinary members of the public. In particular, to establish prima facie defamation, the plaintiff needs to establish three things:
The material is defamatory, as in it lowers the reputation of the plaintiff in the eyes of the right thinking person
The material refers the plaintiff, and
The material was communicated to party other than the plaintiff
Once prima facie defamation has been established, the defendant may present defences.
Truth
Truth (also referred to as justification) is an absolute defence to defamation in all common law provinces
Fair comment
Fair comment refers to any opinion fairly made on a matter of public interest. The onus is on the person raising the defence to establish that the defamatory material constituted a statement of opinion rather than fact. To establish that the comment was fair, the defendant must also prove, on an objective basis, that the defamatory opinion was one which a person could have honestly expressed based on the proven facts.
Qualified privilege
There are certain occasions under the common law where the public interest in candid and unrestricted speech trumps the interest in the protection of reputation, and a defamatory statement that is neither true nor a fair comment can be shielded from liability. Qualified privilege arises when a person has a legal or moral duty to convey information to a person with a legitimate interest in it, and does so without malicious intention. It also protects the reporting of a public tribunal's proceedings.
Absolute privilege
The uttering of defamatory statements in certain contexts is protected by absolute privilege. The breadth of absolute privilege includes testimony before a judicial or quasi-judicial institution, as well all speech in Parliament and provincial legislatures. Since absolute privilege is an absolute defence, even malicious motives cannot invalidate it.
Responsible communication
Anyone who publishes anything on a matter of public interest is shielded from liability if they exercised responsible diligence in researching and reporting on it.
Innocent dissemination
A defendant who distributed defamatory material without knowing that it was defamatory, and expeditiously took action to remove it upon learning of its defamatory nature, can rely on the defence of innocent dissemination. However to succeed, the person invoking defence must also not have acted negligently in the dissemination.
Consent
Communications made with the express or implied consent of the plaintiff are protected from defamation action.
Recent developments in jurisprudence
In stark contrast to the US, Canadian libel law has been slow to change. In Hill v. Church of Scientology of Toronto the Supreme Court of Canada reviewed the relationship of the common law of defamation and the Charter. The Court rejected the actual malice test outlined in the U.S. Supreme Court decision New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, citing criticism of it not only in the United States but in other countries as well. The Court held that the Charter guarantee of freedom of expression did not require any significant changes to the common law of libel. Very controversially, it was held that there was no evidence of libel chill in Canada.
2006-2011 saw significant developments in Canadian jurisprudence, with many important issues being clarified and the law changing generally in the direction of that occurring in the US and elsewhere in the Commonwealth:
In Crookes v. Newton, the Supreme Court held that sharing a hyperlink in of itself could never amount to "publishing" defamatory material, unless there was a defamatory statement within the text of the URL itself. Extending protection for the sharing of content on the internet further past other commonwealth nations.
In Grant v. Torstar, the Court, quoting Jameel & Ors v. Wall Street Journal Europe Sprl, made the latter defence available "to anyone who publishes material of public interest in any medium". Moreover, it defined the concept of "public interest" expansively:
Most commentators took this as a sign that the Supreme Court would continue to expand latitude for political and public affairs comment, and that judges were encouraged to interpret common law defences and process abuse broadly enough to ensure that comment on public interest matters was not inhibited unduly by looming lawsuits.
Common tactics in defamation cases
Once a claim has been made out the defendant may avail themself to a defence of justification (the truth), fair comment, responsible communication, or privilege. Publishers of defamatory comments may also use the defence of innocent dissemination where they had no knowledge of the nature of the statement, it was not brought to their attention, and they were not negligent.
Another common tactic in political libel cases is the filing of a strategic lawsuit against public participation ("SLAPP"). Analyses of SLAPP tactics and suggested reforms to civil procedures and legislation have been released by the Ontario Attorney-General, the Uniform Law Conference of Canada, individual academics and the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association.
An approach increasingly common in Canadian courts is to contest jurisdiction or publication, as the courts have consistently required affidavits of proof of publication within the province where the libel is alleged. In Éditions Écosociété Inc. v. Banro Corp., interveners made extensive argument against assuming jurisdiction even when there were very clearly copies distributed and read, on the grounds that this imposed too much of a defence burden.
Also commonly employed are extra-legal approaches including the so-called "scorched earth" defence wherein, by way of justification, every embarrassing fact in the plaintiff's entire history is publicly exposed, along with those of personal friends and associates, in an attempt to counter libel chill with a similar fear of being totally exposed. Such tactics can backfire seriously however if a powerful defendant such as a mass media organization is perceived as abusing its access to the public, sometimes resulting in large awards. Such tactics are also sometimes employed in other kinds of suits.
While few defamation cases go to trial, because of the deterrence value of threatened litigation, there can be negative consequences arising from the trial itself. Canadian defamation law permits broad latitude in argument and exempts, with absolute privilege, comment made by way of argument, even if the arguments or positions advanced are noxious, intimidating or astonishing, or amusing enough to be quoted widely in the press (true or not). Some noted Canadian lawyers have advised that every possible alternative to litigation should be employed by a client genuinely fearful of reputation loss, before filing suit, simply because the "scorched earth" tactic has become so common. If defendants have a reason to resist, such as preserving freedom of political speech, the likelihood of negative publicity is magnified. The infamous McLibel case is often cited as a warning against spending vast sums and ending up with bad publicity and an uncollectible judgment.
Quebec
The Civil Code of Quebec has different parameters for liability which the Supreme Court of Canada applies in appeals from Quebec.
In Quebec, defamation was originally grounded in the law inherited from France. After Quebec, then called New France, became part of the British Empire, the French civil law was preserved. However, by the mid-nineteenth century, judges in what by then had come to be called Lower Canada held that principles of freedom of expression inherent in the unwritten British Constitution over-rode French civil law in matters of public interest, and incorporated various defenses of the English common law, such as the defense of fair comment, into the local law. Such references to British law became more problematic in the Twentieth Century, with some judges and academics arguing that the basic principles of the civil law gave rise to similar defenses without need to refer to English case law or principle.
The Civil Code of Quebec does not have specific provisions relating to an action in defamation. Therefore, the general rules of extra-contractual responsibility established by article 1457 of the Civil Code of Quebec apply:
To establish civil liability for defamation, the plaintiff must establish, on a balance of probabilities, the existence of an injury, a wrongful act, and of a causal connection between the two. A person who has made defamatory remarks will not necessarily be civilly liable for them. The plaintiff must further demonstrate that the person who made the remarks committed a wrongful act. Therefore, communicating false information is not, in itself, a wrongful act.
In the case of Bou Malhab v. Diffusion Métromédia CMR inc., the Court ruled that Quebec law exempted broadly racist comments by someone with a reputation for making same, and that accordingly MP-and-radio-host André Arthur had no liability for comments against Quebec City cabdrivers. It stated flatly that racism was not a matter to be debated or decided in courts, at least not in Quebec. Quebec's anti-SLAPP law further exempts political and public issue comment almost entirely from liability, an approach that is broadly advocated (see SLAPP studies above) to be emulated in common law jurisdictions.
In 1994, the Court of Appeal of Quebec held that defamation in Quebec must be governed by a reasonableness standard, as opposed to the strict liability standard that is applicable in the English common law; a defendant who made a false statement would not be held liable if it was reasonable to believe the statement was true. However, in upholding the "responsible communication" defense in Grant v. Torstar, the Supreme Court of Canada also flatly rejected the strict liability standard in common law jurisdictions as well.
Criminal defamation
Defamation as a tort does not infringe the freedom of expression guarantee under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. Defamatory libel is equally valid as a criminal offence under the Criminal Code.
Enforceability of judgments in US courts
In general Canadian defamation judgements against Americans are not collectible in the United States under the SPEECH Act, and have to be re-proven in an American court in the state where the defendant resides.
References
Further reading
Defamation
Law of Canada
was a politician and cabinet minister in the pre-war Empire of Japan.
Biography
Machida was born in Akita as the fourth son to a samurai in the service of Kubota Domain. However, their father died when they were three years old. They were raised by their grandparents until adopted by an uncle in 1875, to whose estate they succeeded. They moved to Tokyo and studied at preparatory schools for Tokyo Imperial University, where one of their classmates was Ichiki Kitokurō. Although they passed their examinations, they had frequent health problems in Tokyo, including bouts of beri-beri and was forced to return to Akita. In 1883, they were invited to become an editor for the Akita Sakegake Newspaper, where they specialized in political topics and became acquainted with noted politician Inukai Tsuyoshi. In the summer of 1884, they returned to Tokyo, where they attended the law school of Tokyo Imperial University. One of their classmates at this time was Uchida Kosai and Hayashi Gonsuke. However, because of their frequent absences and failure to complete their preliminary studies, Machida never obtained a degree.
On the recommendation of Kaneko Kentaro, Machida obtained a post at the Cabinet Legislation Bureau for a year, before leaving to become a reporter for the Choya Shimbun. This newspaper was a mouthpiece for Inukai and Ozaki Yukio. In November 1891, at the urging of Ozaki, Machida moved to the Hochi Shimbun, where they introduced the theories of Italian economist Luigi Cossa on public finance to the general public. Their translations were adopted by Waseda University as a textbook.
In May 1893, Machida departed Yokohama for the United States, and from there to England, where they spent a year studying finance and economics. After their return to Japan, in November 1895, they helped establish the Toyo Keizai Shimbun, an economics newspaper. However, in December the following year, at the recommendation of Tameyuki Amano, they became an assistant director of the Bank of Japan.
In January 1898, Machida was requested by Bank of Japan chairperson Iwasaki Yanosuke to go to Osaka as an auditor to investigate irregularities and managerial disputes. They subsequently became chairperson of Yamaguchi Bank (the forerunner of Sanwa Bank)
Political career
On May 15, 1912 Machida was elected to a seat from the Akita district in the lower house of the Diet of Japan. They were subsequently elected ten times to the same seat. They joined the 2nd Okuma cabinet as parliamentary undersecretary for Agriculture and Commerce, where they set official government-determined wholesale price of rice. Initially with the Rikken Kokumintō, Machida later joined the Rikken Dōshikai, Kenseikai and Rikken Minseitō (of which they became president in 1935).
From 1919–1926, Machida was also president of the Hochi Shimbun.
Machida was defeated in the 1920 General Election, but regained their seat in the 1924 General Election, becoming House Budget Committee chairperson under the Katō cabinet. In June 1926, they joined the Wakatsuki cabinet as Minister of Agriculture and Forestry. As Agriculture Minister, they addressed the issues of rural debt consolidation and rural development, while preventing extreme fluctuations in the price of rice, drawing praise from both the ruling and opposition parties. They continued in the same position under the Hamaguchi administration. In July 1934 they agreed to serve as a consultant to the Okada cabinet, but was soon appointed Minister of Commerce and Industry as well as Minister of Finance. They strongly supported small and medium businesses through the establishment of the Shoko Chukin Bank.
In 1935, Machida, in their role as Japanese Minister of Commerce and Industry, met with former U.S. Ambassador to Japan, W. Cameron Forbes. Forbes was Chairman of an American Economic Mission to Japan and China to promote good business relations. The May 3rd, 1935 photo to the right presents Forbes visiting Machida at Machida's official residence in Tokyo. Together, they renegotiated agreements that would improve commercial relations between the two nations.
Machida was promoted as a possible successor to Wakatsuki Reijirō has party president, which they accepted in 1935; however, although they remained party president until 1940, the February 26 Incident ended hopes that they would one day become prime minister. Machida served in the 1st Konoe, Hiranuma, and 2nd Konoe administrations as an advisor, and in the Koiso administration as a Minister of State. They refused an offer to join the Privy Council and elevation to the kazoku peerage as a baron, preferring to remain a commoner. During World War II, they joined the Taisei Yokusankai despite their previous outspoken objections to a one-party state, and the Imperial Rule Assistance Political Association in 1942.
After World War II, Machida briefly became the first president of the Japan Progressive Party in November 1945, but was purged in January 1946 by the American occupation authorities. They died in November of the same year. Kijūrō Shidehara, a long time friend, presided over their funeral.
References
Salapino, Robert A. Democracy and the Party Movement in Prewar Japan. University of California Press (1975)
Brownlee, W. Elliott. The Political Economy of Transnational Tax Reform . Cambridge University Press (2013)
Freeman, Laurie Ann. Closing the Shop: Information Cartels and Japan's Mass Media . Princeton University Press (2012)
Van Sant, John. Historical Dictionary of United States-Japan Relations . Scarecrow Press (2007) -
Masuda, Hiroshi MacArthur in Asia. Cornell University Press (2012) -
Notes
External links
Biography at the National Diet Library
1863 births
1946 deaths
Politicians from Akita Prefecture
Ministers of Finance of Japan
Government ministers of Japan
Members of the House of Representatives (Empire of Japan)
Kenseikai politicians
Rikken Minseitō politicians
Rikken Dōshikai politicians
University of Tokyo alumni
Japan Progressive Party politicians
The 1976 Rothmans Sun-7 Series was a motor racing competition open to Touring Cars of under 3 litre capacity. It was contested at the Amaroo Park circuit in New South Wales, Australia and was the sixth annual Touring Car series to be staged at that circuit.
It was won by Allan Grice driving a Mazda RX-3.
Schedule
The series was contested over four rounds with preliminary heats and a 50 lap final at each round.
Series results
References
Further reading
Driver wins first title, The Sydney Morning Herald, Monday, 16 August 1976, page 13
Rothmans Sun 7 Series
Amaroo Park Touring Car Series
Sığırlıhacı, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Edit Doron (April 9, 1951 – March 27, 2019) was an Israeli academic specializing in linguistics.
Personal life and education
Doron was born in Jerusalem. They earned a PhD in Linguistics from the University of Texas at Austin in 1983. From 1984 to 1985 they held a post-doctoral fellowship at Stanford University.
Doron died on March 27, 2019, aged 67.
Career
Doron was a professor in the Department of Linguistics and Language, Logic and Cognition Center in the Faculty of Humanities at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Doron's research in general linguistics focuses in particular on Hebrew, Arabic, Aramaic, English and French. They published many articles on the interface of semantics, morphology and syntax.
Doron was President of the Israel Association for Theoretical Linguistics from 2008 to 2010. They served as co-director of the joint Hebrew University and Tel-Aviv University structured Linguistics PhD program.
Israel Prize
Doron was awarded the Israel Prize in on May 11, 2016 for their work on general linguistics and Hebrew. In particular they were recognized for comparative analysis between modern and biblical Hebrew that are considered groundbreaking. The Israel Prize () is an award handed out by the State of Israel and is generally regarded as the state's highest honor. It is presented annually, on Israeli Independence Day, in a state ceremony in Jerusalem, in the presence of the President, the Prime Minister, the Speaker of the Knesset (Israel's legislature), and the Supreme Court President.
References
2019 deaths
Hebrew University of Jerusalem faculty
Israel Prize in linguistics recipients
Israel Prize women recipients
Israeli women academics
People from Jerusalem
University of Texas at Austin College of Liberal Arts alumni
Women linguists
1951 births
Tick–tock was a production model adopted in 2007 by chip manufacturer Intel. Under this model, every microarchitecture change (tock) was followed by a die shrink of the process technology (tick). It was replaced by the process–architecture–optimization model, which was announced in 2016 and is like a tick–tock cycle followed by an optimization phase. As a general engineering model, tick–tock is a model that refreshes one side of a binary system each release cycle.
History
Every "tick" represented a shrinking of the process technology of the previous microarchitecture (sometimes introducing new instructions, as with Broadwell, released in late 2014) and every "tock" designated a new microarchitecture. These occurred roughly every year to 18 months. In 2014, Intel created a "tock refresh" of a tock in the form of a smaller update to the microarchitecture not considered a new generation in and of itself.
In March 2016, Intel announced in a Form 10-K report that it deprecated the tick–tock cycle in favor of a three-step process–architecture–optimization model, under which three generations of processors are produced under a single manufacturing process, with the third generation out of three focusing on optimization. The first optimization of the Skylake architecture was Kaby Lake. Intel then announced a second optimization, Coffee Lake, making a total of four generations at 14 nm.
Roadmap
Pentium 4 / Core roadmap
Atom roadmap
With Silvermont Intel tried to start Tick-Tock in Atom architecture but problems with the 10 nm process did not allow doing this. In the table below instead of Tick-Tock steps Process-Architecture-Optimization are used. There is no official confirmation that Intel uses Process-Architecture-Optimization for Atom but it allows us to understand what changes happened in each generation.
Note: There is further the Xeon Phi. It has up to now undergone four development steps with a current top model that got the code name Knights Landing (shortcut: KNL; the predecessor code names all had the leading term Knights in their name) that is derived from the Silvermont architecture as used for the Intel Atom series but realized in a shrunk 14 nm (FinFET) technology.
Both
See also
List of Intel CPU microarchitectures
Transient execution CPU vulnerability
References
External links
Intel Tick–Tock Model at IDF 2009, Anandtech.com
Intel x86 microprocessors
Technology strategy
Intel microarchitectures
fr:Intel#Stratégies tic-tac et processus-architecture-optimisation
The Hawkes Bay tree wētā, Hemideina trewicki, is a large arboreal long-horned cricket in the order Orthoptera. The species is endemic to New Zealand and restricted to the Hawke's Bay region of North Island
Hemideina trewicki is a cryptic species: it looks like the Wellington tree weta, H. crassidens, but has a different number of chromosomes. All tree wēta (genus Hemideina) are nocturnal flightless herbivores. During the day they hide from predators in hollow branches and crevices. At night they search in trees for leaves, flowers and fruits to eat.
Distribution and identification
Hemideina trewicki is common in forests and suburban gardens over most of the Hawke's Bay region. Within this range it overlaps with the Auckland tree weta H. thoracica. The two species can be found sharing daytime refuge holes but hybridisation is limited to rare first generation hybrids. Hemideina trewicki has black and yellow bands on its abdominal tergites (as seen in the Wellington tree weta H. crassidens) but has a pale pronotum with black marks as seen in H. thoracica. However, H. thoracica lacks the abdominal bands, and is more uniform body colour. All tree weta have long antenna, spines on their hind legs and adults can bite. The number of prolateral spines on each hind tibea can be used to distinguish the Hawke's Bay tree weta from the Auckland tree weta: Hemideina trewicki has 8 spines and H. thoracica has 6 (or sometimes 7) spines on each hind tibea.
Life cycle and mating
Tree weta are hemimetabolous insects, meaning they hatch from eggs as small versions of adults. Eggs are laid in the soil and hatch after about 8 months without parental care. Over about 12 months nymphs grow and molt nine times before reaching full size (8–12 grams) and sexual maturity. Hemideina trewick are smaller than the sympatric H. thoracica and reach maturity earlier in the summer. During the late summer and autumn adult female tree weta shelter together in the same tree cavities. Male weta use chemical cues to find other adult weta and fight for access to harems.
References
Orthoptera of New Zealand
Weta
Anostostomatidae
Species described in 1995
Rejected (foaled 1950) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse whose wins included the Hollywood Gold Cup in track record time and Santa Anita Handicap, the two most important races in California open to older horses.
Bred and raced by Robert Kleberg's King Ranch, Rejected was trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Buddy Hirsch.
References
External links
Rejected's pedigree and partial racing stats
1950 racehorse births
Thoroughbred family 2-e
Racehorses bred in the United States
Racehorses trained in the United States
Bob Crossley (30 August 1912 – 19 September 2010) was an abstract artist who lived in Cornwall, England from 1959. They were still painting at the age of 97. They worked in oil and acrylic, producing paintings influenced, in part, by the modernism of the 1950s.
They were born in Northwich, Cheshire but grew up in Rochdale, the Lancashire town where their father, an engine fitter, worked. They left school at 14 and spent the 1930s working as a coach painter and signwriter and served in the RAF during the Second World War. After demobilisation they attended drawing classes in Manchester and joined the Rochdale Art Society and the Manchester Academy. LS Lowry bought a painting from their first major London show at the Reid Gallery in 1960.
They moved to Cornwall in 1959 and alternated between painting and running a beachside shop in St Ives. In 1960 they became a member of the Penwith Society of Arts and a member of the Newlyn Society of Artists a year later, their election supported by their friend Terry Frost. They painted from the 1970s in a large Porthmeor studio within the long-established artists' complex with views directly onto Porthmeor beach.
Their last solo exhibition was at the Belgrave Gallery in St Ives in 2009, when they were 97.
They married Marjorie Belfield in 1938. They had two daughters and one son. Marjorie died in 2000.
References
20th-century English painters
English male painters
21st-century English painters
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
St Ives artists
1912 births
2010 deaths
People from Northwich
20th-century English male artists
21st-century English male artists
Military personnel from Cheshire
The 1967–68 daytime network television schedule for the three major English-language commercial broadcast networks in the United States covers the weekday and weekend daytime hours from September 1967 to August 1968.
Talk shows are highlighted in yellow, local programming is white, reruns of older programming are orange, game shows are pink, soap operas are chartreuse, news programs are gold, children's programs are light purple and sports programs are light blue. New series are highlighted in bold.
Note: This is the first full season in which all the three networks broadcast most of their weekday schedules in color.
Note: Please refer to the discussion page before attempting to edit.
Monday-Friday
NOTE: On CBS, both Search for Tomorrow and Guiding Light expanded from 15 to 30 minutes on Monday September 9, 1968. They were the last 2 15 minute soap operas airing on television, ending a 22-season era of 15 minute soap operas which had begun with the first ever soap opera on Television called "Faraway Hill" on the DuMONT Network in 1946. As a result of those expansions, (The) Guiding Light was moved to 2:30 PM resulting in Art Linkletter's House Party in being pushed forward to 4:00 PM. Also, both The Edge of Night and The Secret Storm were moved to 3:00 for "EDGE" & 3:30 PM for "Storm" respectively. As a result of this scheduling shuffle the program at CBS, "To Tell The TRUTH" aired its last broadcast on Friday September 6, 1968. Otherwise, the remainder stayed as is.
Saturday
Sunday
By network
ABC
Returning Series
ABC News
The Beagles (Moved from CBS)
The Bullwinkle Show
The Children's Doctor
The Dating Game
Dateline:Hollywood
Discovery
The Donna Reed Show
Dream Girl of '67
Dudley Do-Right
Everybody's Talking
The Family Game
The Fugitive
General Hospital
The Honeymoon Race
Issues and Answers
Let's Make a Deal
Linus the Lionhearted
The Magilla Gorilla Show
It's Happening
The Milton the Monster Show
The New American Bandstand 1968
The New Beatles
The New Casper Cartoon Show
The Newlywed Game
News with the Woman's Touch
Peter Jennings with the News
The Peter Potamus Show
Tennessee Tuxedo
New Series
The Baby Game
Bewitched
Dark Shadows
The Dick Cavett Show
Dream House
Fantastic Four
George of the Jungle
Happening '68
How's Your Mother-In-Law?
Journey to the Center of the Earth
One Life to Live
Spider-Man
Temptation
This Morning with Dick Cavett
Treasure Isle
Wedding Party
Not Returning From 1966-67
Beany and Cecil
Ben Casey
The Bugs Bunny Show
Father Knows Best
The Honeymoon Race
Hoppity Hooper
The Nurses
One in a Million
The Porky Pig Show
Supermarket Sweep
A Time for Us
Where the Action Is
CBS
Returning Series
Andy Of Mayberry
Art Linkletter's House Party
As the World Turns
The Beverly Hillbillies
Camera Three
Captain Kangaroo
CBS Evening News
CBS Morning News
CBS News
The Dick Van Dyke Show
The Edge of Night
Face the Nation
Frankenstein, Jr. and The Impossibles
The Guiding Light
Jonny Quest
Lamp Unto My Feet
The Linkletter Show
The Lone Ranger
Look Up and Live
Love of Life
The NFL Today
The Road Runner Show
Search for Tomorrow
The Secret Storm
Shazzan
Space Ghost and Dino Boy
Sunrise Semester
The Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure
Ted Mack's Amateur Hour
To Tell the Truth
Tom and Jerry
Underdog
Where the Heart Is
New Series
The Herculoids
Love is a Many Splendored Thing
Moby Dick and Mighty Mightor
Shazzan
Not Returning From 1966-67
Candid Camera
Mighty Mouse & The Mighty Heroes
Password
The Beagles (Moved to ABC)
NBC
Returning Series
Another World
Another World in Bay City
The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show
Concentration
Cool McCool
Days of Our Lives
The Doctors
Eye Guess
The Flintstones
The Frank McGee Report
Frontiers of Faith
Hidden Faces
The Hollywood Squares
Jeopardy!
Let's Make a Deal
The Match Game
Meet the Press
NBC News
NBC Saturday Night News
NBC Sunday Night News
Personality
Snap Judgment
The Super 6
Today
Top Cat
You Don't Say!
Young Samson
New Series
Animal World
Birdman and the Galaxy Trio
Samson & Goliath
Super President and Spy Shadow
Not Returning From 1966-67
Animal Secrets
The Bell Telephone Hour / Actuality Specials
The Jetsons
The Smithsonian
The Space Kidettes
See also
1967-68 United States network television schedule (prime-time)
1967-68 United States network television schedule (late night)
Sources
Hyatt, Wesley, The Encyclopedia Of Daytime Television. New York: Billboard Books, 1997.
United States weekday network television schedules
1967 in American television
1968 in American television
Joe Driscoll (born April 12, 1979 in Syracuse, New York, United States) is a rapper/musician/beatboxer and politician who uses different styles and instruments while performing. Joe currently serves as a District Councilor on the Common Council in Syracuse, New York.
Career
Driscoll was born in Syracuse, New York. They perform solo, and uses recorded loops of their own beatboxing, and live looping using a sampler to fuse hip-hop, reggae, soul, folk and roots rock. They began performing as a solo folk artist around the age of 14, and became a full-time musician in their early 20s. Their first real band was "The Groove Merchants" and their first album was "Straight Butta Hits." Although the band was more of a high school band in nature, they took a lot of influence from The Dave Matthews Band and Bob Marley. They also sampled from The Rolling Stones along with many other artists during their live performances.
Driscoll was signed by 3rdegree Ltd while touring the United Kingdom in 2004. They were then signed up to London label Buttercuts Records and subsequently went on to record the album Origin Myths. Origin Myths combines beatbox drums (oral percussion) with layers of guitar, mbira, bass, verse, and rhyme, which means that they are often described as a "one-man band".
During 2007 and 2008, Driscoll has toured with Dirty Pretty Things, Regina Spektor, Coldcut, and The Sugar Hill Gang at events in the US and Europe. They have performed at UK festivals including Big Chill, Bestival and Glastonbury Festival, and at the Lake of Stars Festival (Malawi, Africa). They received an INDY Award for Best Solo Act in 2007.
Their newest album, 'Mixtape Champs' was released on 20 December 2010.
Discography
Faya (together with Sekou Kouyate)
Mixtape Champs (2010)
Origin Myths (2006) Buttercuts (CD + DVD)
Life as a Monkey (2006)
Little Beat Big (2003)
References
Bondi, John D. "The Groove Merchants"
External links
Official Site
Interview at britishhiphop.co.uk, June 2008
Moron, Rosa "Joe Driscoll (interview)", Big City Redneck
GigJunkie Official Page - Videos, Reviews & Fans
Living people
American hip hop musicians
Musicians from Syracuse, New York
American expatriates in the United Kingdom
American beatboxers
1979 births
21st-century American singers
Politicians from Syracuse, New York
Democratic Party (United States) politicians
Andrew Hore (born 18 June 1969) is a New Zealand former cricketer. They played 26 first-class and 45 List A match for Otago between 1996 and 2005. In February 2020, they were named in New Zealand's squad for the Over-50s Cricket World Cup in South Africa. However, the tournament was cancelled during the third round of matches due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Oamaru
Callimetopus juliae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Barševskis in 2016.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2016
Sanzana is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 326 square kilometers and includes eight villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 11,214. The village of Sanzana, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 57 km northwest of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Steven J. Pollock is an American professor of physics and a President's Teaching Scholar at the University of Colorado Boulder, where they have taught since 1993. Their specialisations are in physics education research and in nuclear theory.  They are the 2013 U.S. Professor of the Year.
Early life and education
Pollock sat for an Sc.B. in physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1982 and for an M.S. and Ph.D. in physics at Stanford University respectively in 1984 and 1987 for their thesis, entitled Electroweak Interactions in the Nuclear Domain, under Professor John Dirk Walecka.
Career
They were a postdoctoral fellow in nuclear physics at the Nationaal instituut voor subatomaire fysica (NIKHEF), Amsterdam, from 1988 to 1990, and at the University of Washington's Institute for Nuclear Theory from 1990 to 1992. In 1993 they became a senior scientist at NIKHEF before joining the University of Colorado at Boulder as an assistant professor, where they were promoted to associate professor in 2000 and to full professor in 2009. In the early aughts (2000s) they shifted their primary focus to physics education research. In 2003 they co-founded the learning assistant programme.
Research
Pollock investigates and develops curricular and pedagogical reforms and assessments in upper-division physics courses. They investigate impacts of established reforms in large lecture introductory courses, including the use of "Tutorials in introductory physics", with graduate TA training, and use of undergraduate learning assistants. They have advised four graduate students and eight postdoctoral fellows in nuclear physics and in physics education research.
Bibliography
Books
Particle Physics for Non-physicists: a Tour of the Microcosmos (2003). The Teaching Company. .
Physics 1 (2001). Thinkwell. ASIN 1605380261.
Great Ideas of Classical Physics (2006). The Teaching Company. .
See also
American Association of Physics Teachers
Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching
Learning Assistant Model
Nuclear physics
Physics education research
Science education
References
External links
Steven Pollock faculty homepage
Steven Pollock's website at University of Colorado Boulder
PER group homepage
Steven Pollock on Google Scholar
MIT Department of Physics alumni
Stanford University alumni
University of Colorado faculty
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Colorado Boulder faculty
Living people
21st-century American physicists
American educational theorists
Peter rehra, ਪੀਟਰ ਰੇਹੜਾ is a homemade jugaad vehicle used in rural Punjab. It is made by assembling a diesel engine,(mostly meant for pumping water), removing the pumpset assembly from it, and joining it with a framework made steel angles and wooden planks, and finally completing it all by putting four movable wheels, two are steerable (like in all vehicles) and the two rear ones directly attached to the engine via a primitive gear-assembly. It is, of course, not meant for high-performance, but for sheer-economy, as it is easily able to carry twenty to twenty five grown-up people (plus their luggage), but mostly cannot move at more than 25 km/h. There has been instances when police themselves used this to carry a whole Maruti 800 (which they could not drive out of court orders)
Though it is not technically recognized by the Government as a legal-vehicle, its use is quite common, mainly due to the high demand for public transport and lack of proper bus and train routes, especially to underdeveloped parts of the province.
The name has originated from "Petter", a brand of small diesel engines imported to India in early 1960s.
It is also known as Gharruka(ਘੜੁੱਕਾ) or Maruta(ਮਾਰੂਤਾ) - the male version of Maruti 800 car by maruti-suzuki partnership in India
References
External links
ਅਜ਼ਾਇਬਘਰ
ਪੀਟਰ ਰੇਹੜੇ ਹੇਠ ਆਉਣ ਨਾਲ ਬਜ਼ੁਰਗ ਦੀ ਮੌਤ
Automotive industry in India
Vehicle law
Low-speed vehicles
Frances Lowater (1871-1956) was a British-American physicist and astronomer.
Life and career
Lowater studied in England for their undergraduate degrees, at University College, Nottingham, and Newnham College, Cambridge. They then moved to the United States, where they attended Bryn Mawr College and earned their Ph.D. in 1906. While studying for their Ph.D., they took a position as a physics demonstrator, and remained in that position until 1910. They spent a year at Westfield College and four years at Rockford College, then moved to Wellesley College, where they spent the rest of their career; with the exception of a year teaching at the Western College for Women - from 1910 to 1911.
Lowater's spectrographic research examined Mira, R Leonis, R Serpentis, and T Cephei and studied the absorption spectra of sulfur dioxide. Them research was conducted at the Yerkes Observatory. They were a fellow of both the Royal Astronomical Society and the London Physical Society, and helped write the third volume of the Physical Society's Report on Progress in Physics with Wilfrid Basil Mann; they were also elected a member of the Royal Institution. Lowater died in 1956.
See also
List of astronomers
References
External links
English physicists
20th-century British astronomers
20th-century American astronomers
Women astronomers
20th-century British women scientists
20th-century American physicists
English emigrants to the United States
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
Bryn Mawr College alumni
Bryn Mawr College faculty
Wellesley College faculty
Fellows of the Royal Astronomical Society
1871 births
1956 deaths
20th-century American women scientists
American women academics
In the mathematical theory of probability, an absorbing Markov chain is a Markov chain in which every state can reach an absorbing state. An absorbing state is a state that, once entered, cannot be left.
Like general Markov chains, there can be continuous-time absorbing Markov chains with an infinite state space. However, this article concentrates on the discrete-time discrete-state-space case.
Formal definition
A Markov chain is an absorbing chain if
there is at least one absorbing state and
it is possible to go from any state to at least one absorbing state in a finite number of steps.
In an absorbing Markov chain, a state that is not absorbing is called transient.
Canonical form
Let an absorbing Markov chain with transition matrix P have t transient states and r absorbing states. Unlike a typical transition matrix, the rows of P represent sources, while columns represent destinations. Then
where Q is a t-by-t matrix, R is a nonzero t-by-r matrix, 0 is an r-by-t zero matrix, and Ir is the r-by-r identity matrix. Thus, Q describes the probability of transitioning from some transient state to another while R describes the probability of transitioning from some transient state to some absorbing state.
Fundamental matrix
A basic property about an absorbing Markov chain is the expected number of visits to a transient state j starting from a transient state i (before being absorbed). The probability of transitioning from i to j in exactly k steps is the (i,j)-entry of Qk. Summing this for all k (from 0 to ∞) yields the fundamental matrix, denoted by N. It can be proven that
where It is the t-by-t identity matrix. The (i, j) entry of matrix N is the expected number of times the chain is in state j, given
that the chain started in state i. With the matrix N in hand, other properties of the Markov chain are easy to obtain.
This fundamental matrix can be thought of as a matrix equivalent of the following geometric series:
Variance on number of visits
The variance on the number of visits to a transient state j with starting at a transient state i (before being absorbed) is the (i,j)-entry of the matrix
where Ndg is the diagonal matrix with the same diagonal as N and Nsq is the Hadamard product of N with itself (i.e. each entry of N is squared).
Expected number of steps
The expected number of steps before being absorbed when starting in transient state i is the ith entry of the vector
where 1 is a length-t column vector whose entries are all 1.
Variance on number of steps
The variance on the number of steps before being absorbed when starting in transient state i is the ith entry of the vector
where tsq is the Hadamard product of t with itself (i.e. each entry of t is squared).
Transient probabilities
The probability of visiting transient state j when starting at a transient state i is the (i,j)-entry of the matrix
where Ndg is the diagonal matrix with the same diagonal as N.
Absorbing probabilities
Another property is the probability of being absorbed in the absorbing state j when starting from transient state i, which is the (i,j)-entry of the matrix
Alternatively, this probability can also be directly obtained from the (i,j)-entry of for a large enough value of n. That is:
Examples
String generation
Consider the process of repeatedly flipping a fair coin until the sequence (heads, tails, heads) appears. This process is modeled by an absorbing Markov chain with transition matrix
The first state represents the empty string, the second state the string "H", the third state the string "HT", and the fourth state the string "HTH". Although in reality, the coin flips cease after the string "HTH" is generated, the perspective of the absorbing Markov chain is that the process has transitioned into the absorbing state representing the string "HTH" and, therefore, cannot leave.
For this absorbing Markov chain, the fundamental matrix is
The expected number of steps starting from each of the transient states is
Therefore, the expected number of coin flips before observing the sequence (heads, tails, heads) is 10, the entry for the state representing the empty string.
Games of chance
Games based entirely on chance can be modeled by an absorbing Markov chain. A classic example of this is the ancient Indian board game Snakes and Ladders. The graph on the left plots the probability mass in the lone absorbing state that represents the final square as the transition matrix is raised to larger and larger powers. To determine the expected number of turns to complete the game, compute the vector t as described above and examine tstart, which is approximately 39.2.
Infectious disease clinic
The example of infectious disease testing, in either blood products or in medical clinics, is often taught as an example of an absorbing Markov chain. The public U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) model for HIV and for hepatitis B, for example, illustrates the property that absorbing Markov chains can lead to the detection of disease, versus the loss of detection through other means.
In the standard CDC model, the Markov chain has five states, a state in which the individual is uninfected, then a state with infected but undetectable virus, a state with detectable virus, and absorbing states of having quit/been lost from the clinic, or of having been detected (the goal). The typical rates of transition between the Markov states are the probability p per unit time of being infected with the virus, w for the rate of window period removal (time until virus is detectable), q for quit/loss rate from the system, and d for detection, assuming a typical rate at which the health system administers tests of the blood product or patients in question.
It follows that we can "walk along" the Markov model to identify the overall probability of detection for a person starting as undetected, by multiplying the probabilities of transition to each next state of the model as:
.
The subsequent total absolute number of false negative tests—the primary CDC concern—would then be the rate of tests, multiplied by the probability of reaching the infected but undetectable state, times the duration of staying in the infected undetectable state:
.
See also
Discrete phase-type distribution
Absorbing set (random dynamical systems)
References
External links
Wolfram Demonstration Project: Absorbing Markov Chain
Monopoly as a Markov chain
Markov processes
Markov models
Coseley Urban District was a local government district in Staffordshire which was created in 1894.
It was made up of the villages of Brierley (now Bradley), Ettingshall and Coseley, which had previously been part of the ancient manor of Sedgley - the western section of which formed Sedgley Urban District.
The urban district council was based at a building in the town centre. It began building houses in the 1920s to replace sub standard older housing and by 1962 had built over 2,000 properties, mostly houses but also flats and bungalows. The largest developments were at Woodcross and Lanesfield on new housing estate, while large sections of the Wallbrook, Princes End and Hurst Hill areas were redeveloped with new housing during the 1950s and 1960s.
Coseley urban district ceased to exist in 1966 when, under recommendations of the Local Government Commission for England, it was divided between the County Boroughs of Dudley, Wolverhampton and West Bromwich in the newly created West Midlands metropolitan county. Most of the historic Ettingshall village was placed in Wolverhampton, while Brierley was roughly half split between Wolverhampton and West Bromwich, and the main Coseley area became part of Dudley.
The former Coseley Urban District Council offices became redundant with the abolition of the local authority, and were demolished soon afterwards.
References
Urban districts of England
History of Wolverhampton
History of Dudley
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
"Creature" is a song by British YouTuber and rapper KSI from their third extended play (EP), Space (2017). The song was independently released for digital download and streaming as the lead single from the EP on 23 June 2017. An accompanying music video was released on 27 June 2017.
Background
In February 2017, KSI "blacked out" all of their YouTube and social media accounts, as well as deleting around 600 YouTube videos, worth over two billion views, and deleting all of their social media posts. On 23 February 2017, in an interview with DramaAlert, KSI explained their actions, confirming that they aren't "promoting anything". They continued to say that they don't "care about the fame or the money" and they are "sick of trying to portray themselves as a certain thing which they aren't", describing themselves as being "a clown for many years". They confirmed that they would not be uploading to YouTube for the foreseeable future.
Speaking to GRM Daily in July 2017 about their break from YouTube, KSI said, "I feel like with the whole KSI thing, it was sick don't get me wrong, I've enjoyed making all these videos, entertaining people, making people laugh and all that. But it's kind of to the point where I've been there, done that, now I wanna do what I wanna do. I felt like an evolution was needed to prove to people that I can do what I feel is necessary in my life, and that was the same feeling with this whole Space EP. I just wanted it to be truthful. I want people to actually see how I was feeling from my eyes about what I was going through". They continued, "I think it was near the end of last year when I was doing a book, a movie, dropped an EP, lots of youtube videos, I was just doing so much it got to the point where I started getting stressed and it really started to hinder me. I started getting ill and everything. It was just a bit too much and I was like "yo, right now what do I wanna do with myself?""
Release and promotion
After taking a four month break from uploading to YouTube, on 23 June 2017, KSI uploaded a forty second-long snippet of "Creature" to their YouTube channel titled "It's been a while". "Creature" was independently released for digital download and streaming on the same day, followed by the release of the Space EP one week later on 30 June 2017.
Music video
The song's music video was uploaded to KSI's YouTube channel on 27 June 2017. It has received 25 million views. The video has a running time of 3 minutes and 30 seconds. The video was filmed in Ghana in May 2017. The video is directed by Ghanaian director Gyo Gyimah. The video opens with KSI sat in a psychiatric hospital, wearing a straitjacket, and talking to a psychiatrist. The rest of the video comprises scenes of KSI trapped in a collapsing building, walking through a rainforest, and standing in a desert valley, before being charged at by a group of African tribespeople in the video's closing scene.
On 15 August 2017, KSI revealed during their YouTube vlog titled "I'm Getting Deported" that the scene of themselves trapped in a collapsing building was originally a burning building with firefighters coming to their rescue. However, the intensity of the scene was toned-down due to the then-recent Grenfell Tower fire which happened on 14 June 2017, also delaying the release of the music video.
The music video's description says "For Alfie" in dedication to Alfie Jones, a 12 year-old fan of KSI who died in July 2017 as a result of a rare type of bone cancer called sarcoma. KSI and their brother Deji Olatunji had visited Alfie in June 2017 shortly before their death.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
KSI – vocals, songwriting
Sway – production, songwriting
Zagor – production, songwriting
Charlie Cook – production, songwriting
DJ Turkish – mixing
Charts
Release history
Notes
References
2017 songs
2017 singles
KSI songs
Songs written by KSI
Songs written by Sway (musician)
RBC Records singles
BMG Rights Management singles
Bartolomeo Gradenigo (1636–1698) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Brescia (1682–1698),
Bishop of Treviso (1668–1682),
and Bishop of Concordia (1667–1668).
Biography
Bartolomeo Gradenigo was born in Venice, Italy in March 1636 and ordained a priest on 9 Oct 1667.
On 14 Nov 1667, they were appointed by Pope Clement IX as Bishop of Concordia.
On 20 Nov 1667, they were consecrated bishop by Pietro Vito Ottoboni, Cardinal-Priest of San Marco, with Carlo Stefano Anastasio Ciceri, Bishop of Alessandria della Paglia, and Francesco Grassi, Bishop of Nona, serving as co-consecrators.
On 27 Feb 1668, they were appointed by Pope Clement IX as Bishop of Treviso.
On 13 Jul 1682, they were appointed by Pope Innocent XI as Bishop of Brescia.
They served as Bishop of Brescia until their death on 29 Jul 1698.
References
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement IX
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent XI
1636 births
1698 deaths
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
The Archway Theatre is a unique amateur theatre based in Horley, Surrey, United Kingdom. It is operated by a membership organisation, the Archway Theatre Company. It consists of a 95 seat main auditorium and a 40 seat studio complex.
The group performs 10 main productions each year of 10 performances each over a 2-week period. The choice of productions is wide and varied and in 2012 included works by William Shakespeare, Martin McDonagh, Alan Ayckbourn, Alan Bennett and Arthur Miller.
Building
The Archway is hosted, as its name suggests, underneath the Victoria Road railway arches in Horley, which were built in 1909 when a road bridge was built over the railway in Horley. Originally the theatre was fitted under the width of the roadway and could only seat 65, but the auditorium was expanded and refurbished in 1989 to provide the current capacity of 95.
The Studio complex is hosted in a separate set of arches, right next to the station, and combines the Studio Auditorium, rehearsal rooms, as well as a function room which is available for hire from the public.
Productions
The Archway puts on ten main auditorium productions each year as well as a number of productions in the studio. It has also co-operated with other small theatres in the surrounding counties to produce, for the first time since 1936, a collection of ten Noël Coward plays.
References
External links
Archway website
Theatres in Surrey
Horley
Douglas Adams (1952–2001) was an English writer and dramatist.
Douglas or Doug Adams may also refer to:
Douglas Adams (engineer), American engineer
Douglas Q. Adams, Indo-Europeanist professor of English
Doug Adams (American football) (1949–1997), American football player
Doug Adams (baseball) (born 1943), MLB player
Doug Adams (music journalist), American music journalist and author
Doug Adams (television producer), American television producer
Douglas Adams, CEO of Adams Cable
Douglas Adams (cricketer) (1876–1931), American cricketer
See also
Doug Adam (1923–2001), Canadian ice hockey player
Froumine House (or Frumin House) (; Beit Frumin; also known as the Old Knesset) was the temporary abode of the Israeli Parliament, the Knesset, from 1950 to 1966. The building is at 24 King George Street in downtown Jerusalem. The first to the fifth Knesset sessions were conducted there.
History
The three-story building is named after the Froumine family, who initiated its construction for residential and business purposes in 1947. The Froumine family manufactured baked goods and the building was a residence with shops on the ground floor. based on plans by architect Reuven Abram (1892-1978). It was originally intended to be a six story structure however only three levels had been completed when construction was suspended during the 1947–1949 Palestine war.
In their book on construction in Jerusalem during the British Mandate, architectural historian David Kroyanker wrote that at the end of 1948, the government chose the building (then only a skeleton) as the home of the Knesset because of its large ground-floor hall. The hall, which had an upper balcony, was originally meant to be a bank. In a Haaretz article in 2003, journalist Esther Zandberg speculated: "The first building's city-center site, and the location of the plenum hall at street level were, without a doubt, an urban expression of a point of view that saw democracy and the Knesset as part of everyday civil existence, in contrast with its isolation in the present-day fortified compound". Kroyanker categorizes the building, which stretches between Be'eri and Schatz Streets as having been planned in the "corridor" style (a continuum of construction along the length of the street), which is characteristic of the main streets in the city center and imparts a European character to them.
The building, designed in the modern style typical of the Mandate period, has a convex corner that follows the line of the intersection, and a saw-tooth stone strip that divides the first two stories from the third story. The stone strip that is typical of Abram's style appears in many other buildings they designed in the city center, including the Beit Mar Chaim building opposite Beit Froumine.
Between 1950-1966
Up until the end of 1949, meetings of the Provisional State Council and the first Knesset sessions had been held in several Tel Aviv locations, including the Tel Aviv Museum of Art in Dizengoff House (today Independence Hall), and in the "Kessem" movie house located at Knesset Square.
On 26 December 1949, the Knesset moved to Jerusalem, where it held its first meetings in the Jewish Agency's impressive semi-circular building in Rehavia. After weighing several options, including the King David Hotel, the Knesset selected Froumine House for a more permanent meeting place. At the time, it was still-unfinished. From 13 March 1950, meetings of the Knesset were held there.
During Knesset sessions, King George Street in the area of Froumine House was closed for traffic, which caused great disruption to residents of the city. In addition, the location of Knesset meetings on a main street in the city-center resulted in security problems. During the demonstration against the Reparations Agreement between Israel and West Germany in 1952, protesters threw stones at the building, shattering windows and penetrating the plenum chamber. A hand grenade was also thrown into the plenum hall in 1957, which wounded Golda Meir, David Ben-Gurion, Moshe Shapira and Moshe Carmel. Nevertheless, the "old Knesset building" was the site of a number of formative civil events, such as the passage of the Law of Return (1950), the Citizenship Law (1952) and the abolition of the death penalty (1954) although the execution of Adolf Eichmann was carried out in 1962 in Ramla.
In 1956, in a green garden near the building, on the "Bor Shiber" lot, the distinctive bronze Knesset Menorah, a gift from the United Kingdom, was placed. The garden was then renamed "Gan HaMenora" ("Garden of the Menorah"). When the new Knesset building was inaugurated, the Menorah was moved to the Wohl Rose Park. In 2012 a nearby parking lot still carried the name "Menorah Parking".
The Knesset relocation occurred during the Sixth Knesset. The last meeting of the Knesset at Froumine House was held on 11 August 1966. After recess, the session resumed on 30 August 1966, at its new campus in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Givat Ram.
Between 1967-2010
After the departure of the Knesset, Froumine House was used by various government agencies. The Ministry of Tourism was located in the building until 2004. The building was then used by various branches of the Ministry of Religious Services, including the Rabbinical courts of the Jerusalem District and the Great Rabbinical Court of Appeals. The last of these vacated in 2015 as the building began to be refurbished into a Museum of the Knesset.
In 2002, the State of Israel sold Froumine House to a private individual for 10 million shekels. The new owners filed an application with the District Planning and Building Committee to demolish Froumine House and construct a 16-story structure on the site. In response, the Council for The Society for Preservation of Israel Heritage Sites (SPIHS) protested the demolition plan. A number of Knesset members sponsored a bill which was passed in 2010, stipulating that the building was to be preserved, its interior section was to be restored, and a "Museum of the Knesset" was to be established there. By law, the building was to be confiscated from its owners and handed back to the State of Israel; the owners were to receive NIS 45 million.
The 2009 Report of the State Comptroller of Israel criticized the sale and re-purchase of Froumine House by the state.
References
Buildings and structures in Jerusalem
Knesset
Former seats of national legislatures
The 2019–20 Air Force Falcons men's ice hockey season was the 52nd season of play for the program and the 14th season in the Atlantic Hockey conference. The Falcons represented the United States Air Force Academy and were coached by Frank Serratore, in their 23rd season.
On March 12, 2020, Atlantic Hockey announced that the remainder of the conference tournament was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Departures
Recruiting
Roster
As of August 16, 2019.
Standings
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" |
|- align="center" bgcolor="#e0e0e0"
|colspan=12|Air Force Won Series 2–0
Scoring Statistics
Goaltending statistics
Rankings
Awards and honors
Atlantic Hockey
References
Air Force Falcons men's ice hockey seasons
Air Force Falcons
Air Force Falcons
Air Force Falcons
Air Force Falcons
Michael Charles Wintringham (born 1947) is a New Zealand public servant. They served as State Services Commissioner, head of New Zealand's public service, from 1997 to 2004.
Wintringham was born in Blenheim, went to St John's College, Hastings, and has a BA (Hons) degree from Victoria University of Wellington. They started their career in the New Zealand Treasury in 1970, and between 1980 and 1984 was posted to Washington as economic counsellor at the New Zealand Embassy. They then worked as an assistant auditor-general, before leaving the public service to work for a management consultancy in Wellington.
Wintringham was appointed chief executive of the Ministry of Housing by State Services Commissioner Don Hunn. In 1997, Wintringham succeeded Hunn as State Services Commissioner and head of New Zealand's public service.
In 2001, Wintringham was sued in the Employment Court for NZ$1.2 million by former Work and Income New Zealand chief executive Christine Rankin. Incoming social welfare minister Steve Maharey criticised Rankin's personal and management style as chief executive in 1999, and Wintringham chose not to reappoint Rankin to the role in 2001. Rankin made allegations of sexism towards them by officials and ministers. Rankin lost the court case, but some of the evidence given during the hearing by Wintringham and Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet chief executive Mark Prebble was embarrassing to all involved, and was the dominant political news topic of the year.
Mark Prebble succeeded Wintringham as State Services Commissioner in 2004. Wintringham subsequently became a member of the Remuneration Authority, which sets the rate of pay for MPs, in 2005, and was appointed chairperson of the authority in 2009. Wintringham is also chairperson of the Earthquake Commission.
In the 2005 New Year Honours, Winringham was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for public services as State Services Commissioner.
References
1947 births
Living people
Companions of the New Zealand Order of Merit
New Zealand public servants
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
People educated at St John's College, Hastings
People from Blenheim, New Zealand
Robin D. Lundberg (born August 30, 1981) is an American sports broadcaster. They can be seen as host of Sports Illustrated's daily videos and heard on their own CBS Sports Radio show as well as Sirius XM. Lundberg formerly spent a decade with ESPN, most recently as the co-host (with Mike Golic, Jr.) of First and Last weekdays 4 to 6 a.m. on ESPN Radio.
Career
Their first job was as an ESPN intern for Around the Horn. After that, they worked as a broadcast associate for I, Max on Fox Sports network. In May 2006, they were hired by ESPN Radio. They began as a producer on The Stephen A. Smith Show. They then are producer of The Max Kellerman Show with Max Kellerman, where they served as on-air researcher and comedian. Next was The Leadoff Spot with Ryan Ruocco. They also acted as a co-host on The Leadoff Spot and Ruocco and Lundberg. In September 2012, they were officially a host of their own radio show called The Robin Lundberg Show from weekdays 4 to 6 a.m. on ESPN Radio. Lundberg is currently the host of SI Now for Sports Illustrated weekdays at 10:30 a.m. and The Robin Lundberg Show on CBS Sports Radio Saturdays 6 to 10 a.m.
References
External links
Living people
1981 births
American radio sports announcers
Sportspeople from New York City
People from Calvert County, Maryland
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
Sportswriters from New York (state)
Sportswriters from Maryland
Kızılcadağ, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
The Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Clausura 2000 season (officially "Copa Clima Clausura 2000") started on January 15, 2000, and finished on July 1, 2000.
The season saw C.D. Luis Angel Firpo win its th league title after a 10-9 penalty victory over ADET in the final after the game was ted at 1-1.
Team information
Personnel and sponsoring
Managerial changes
Before the start of the season
During the season
League standings
Semifinals 1st Leg
Semifinals 2nd Leg
Final
List of foreign players in the league
This is a list of foreign players in Clausura 2000. The following players:
have played at least one apetura game for the respective club.
have not been capped for the El Salvador national football team on any level, independently from the birthplace
ADET
Eduardo Cocherari
Adrian Vera
C.D. Águila
Carlos Daniel Escalante
Pedro Cardozo
Gabriel Lučić
Sergio Ibarra
Marcio Sampaio
Paul Cominges
Alianza F.C.
Cecilio Galeano
Alex Carioca
Agnaldo Oliveira
Alexandro Martin
Alejandro Curbelo
Atletico Marte
Alex Norival Machado
Pedro Salazar
Dragon
Marco De Oliveira
Roberto da Silva
German Rodriguez
Edgar Fleitas/Fleytas
Mothar Kante Kabu
(player released mid season)
(player Injured mid season)
Injury replacement player
C.D. FAS
Emiliano Pedrozo
Marco Soares
Alemán Bor-man
Miguel Mariano
Antonio Serrano
Juventud Olimpica Metalio
TBD
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Mauricio Do Santos
Raul Toro
Washington Hernández
Municipal Limeno
Carlos Villarreal
Jahir Camero
César Charum
Roberto Ventura
Arnaldo Ferreira
Carlos Pancita Rodríguez Marín
Santa Clara
Edgar Montaño
Mario Pavón
Aggregate table
Top scorers
External links
http://www.rsssf.com/tablese/elsal00.html
Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Clausura seasons
El
1
Ngor is a sub-sect of the Sakya tradition of Tibetan Buddhism. The main monastery of the Ngor sect is the Ngor monastery of Evam Choden about southwest of Xigazê.
The Sakya Tradition of Tibetan Buddhism
The Sakya tradition is one of the four major religious traditions that existed in Tibet. It rose to play a significant role in the development and spread of the new Tantras that came to Tibet in the 11th century. The origins of the Sakya tradition are closely connected with the ancestral lineage of the Khön family. The lineage of the Khon family can be traced back for thousands of years. The ancestors of the family were heavenly beings who descended directly from the heavenly realms.
In year 1073, a member of the Khon family and renowned master called Khon Konchok Gyalpo established the Sakya School, one of the four schools of Tibetan Buddhism. Since that time successive generations of the Khon family have continued in an unbroken lineage. Many famous and great masters have appeared in this illustrious Khon lineage, including the five great founders of the Sakyapa Order: the Great Sachen Kunga Nyingpo (1092–1158), Loppon Rinpoche Sonam Tsemo (1142–1182), Jetsun Rinpoche Dragpa Gyaltsen (1147–1216), Choje Sakya Pandita (1182–1251) and Drogon Chogyal Phagpa (1235–1280).
Not unlike the other traditions of Tibetan Buddhism, a number of sub traditions gradually emerged within the main Sakya tradition. The lineages of teachings within the discipline instituted by Ngorchen Kunga Zangpo (1382–1457) and the successive masters of this discipline, namely Konchok Lhundrup, Thartse Namkha Palsang and Drubkhang Palden Dhondup have come to be known as the Ngor lineage. The Sakya School of the Khon lineage represents the main trunk of the tree, of which the Ngorpa and Tsarpa are branches. These are the three schools (Sa-Ngor-Tsar-gsum) in the Sakya tradition.
The Ngor Lineage
The two main subschools of the Sakya tradition are the traditions of Ngor and Tsha. The Ngor Monastery was founded in 1429 by the great master Ngorchen Kunga Zangpo (1382–1450). They were born in the water male dog year and trained at Sakya and other monasteries. prophesied by the Buddha, they were a brilliant scholar, teacher and Vajramaster. Their primary master was the siddha Buddha Sri, and they were one of the main teachers of Gorampa Sonan Senge.
In 1430, when they were forty-eight years old, Ngorchen founded the main Ngor monastery of Evam Choden near Sakya. Ngor Monastery was named Ngor Ewam Chodan because while it was under construction, Ngorchen Kunga Zangpo dreamt that the collection of all Dharma arises from the letters E and WAM. Ngorchen achieved a very high level of realization and died in the fire malle mouse year, when they were seventy-four.
Ngorchen wrote many important Vajrayana commentaries, and all the main Lamdre teachings passed through him. Other great Ngor masters include Konchod Lundrup, Panchen Ngawang Chodrag; and more recently, Loter Wangpo, who was the main Sakya disciple of Khyentse Wangpo.
After the political difficulties in Tibet in 1959, Ngor Monastery was re-established by the Ngor Abbot H.E Luding Khenchen Jamyang Tenpei Nyima Rinpoche in a quiet forest in Manduwala, Uttarakhand, in Northern India. Through their skilful and wise leadership, the Monastery has fully re-established the performance and training of Monks in all of the annual Drubchot great Vajrayana rituals, has become a flourishing training school for young Monks, a retreat centre, a library and houses the only Sakya Pandita shrine in India.
References
Sakya
Aldo Buttini (6 December 1898 – 1 December 1957) was an Italian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1898 births
1957 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Carrara
Tajikistan first participated at the Olympic Games as an independent nation in 1996, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then. The nation has also competed at the Winter Olympics since 2002. To date, Andrei Drygin is one of two people ever to have represented Tajikistan at the Winter Olympic Games, being their country's sole competitor in 2002, 2006, and 2010.
Previously, Tajik athletes competed as part of the Soviet Union at the Olympics until 1988, and after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Tajikistan was part of the Unified Team in 1992. The following athletes from Tajik SSR were medallists for the Soviet Union: Yuri Lobanov, Zebiniso Rustamova, Nellie Kim and Andrey Abduvaliyev.
Tajikistan won its first Olympic medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics, when Rasul Boqiev took the bronze medal in Men's Judo - 73kg. Dilshod Nazarov won the first gold medal for Tajikistan at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the hammer throw.
The National Olympic Committee for Tajikistan was created in 1992 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1993.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by Winter Games
Medals by sport
List of medalists
See also
List of flag bearers for Tajikistan at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Tajikistan
Tajikistan at the Paralympics
External links
Audiovent is an American alternative rock band from Calabasas, California. Initially forming as "Vent" in the early 1990s, the band changed their name to Audiovent upon signing with Atlantic Records in 2001. The band released their one and only album on a major record label, Dirty Sexy Knights in Paris, in 2002. Two singles were released to rock radio and charted with moderate success - "The Energy" and "Looking Down". The band began work on a second album in 2003, demoing over 19 tracks over the course of the year, but disbanded in mid-2004 before the album could be formally recorded, due to creative differences between band members.
History
Formation as "Vent" and Papa's Dojo (1993-2000)
The band's origins trace back to the members attending middle school, when lead singer Jason Boyd began playing music with friend bassist Paul Fried. Fried's stepbrother, Benjamin Einziger, walked into one of their jam sessions, and joined shortly thereafter. The three had all known each other through their brothers' band, Incubus, of which they were all related. Jason Boyd is the brother of vocalist Brandon Boyd, Benjamin Einziger is brother of guitarist Mike Einziger, and Paul Fried is their stepbrother. The band recruited the final part of the band, drummer Jamin Wilcox, and, upon having a solid lineup, formed the band under the name "Vent". Despite forming so early, members had just recently learned how to play their instruments, and would spend years just practicing together, playing covers of Nirvana and Metallica.
The band continued to practice together throughout high school, and began to build up a base by playing local shows. In 1999, the band financed their own independent full-length album Papa's Dojo. The album greatly increased their local popularity, something the band had difficulty coping with, leading to much in-fighting between members. The band took part in group therapy to help strengthen their communication amongst one another. The therapy and determination to keep their long-term friendships paid off, as not only was the band able to stay together, just a few months after the release of Papa's Dojo, the band received interest from multiple major record labels. The band chose Atlantic Records, the label they felt understood the band's vision and creativity the best.
Major label debut (2001-2002)
Upon being signed to a major record label, the band decided to rename themselves as something more recognizable - "Audiovent". The band met with over ten record producers, before deciding to enter the studio with music producer Gavin Mackillop to record their major label album debut in 2001, though the process proved to be "slow and tedious". The majority of the album was recorded over the course of a three-month period in the studio. Initially thinking they were done, upon listening to the material, the band decided they wanted to restructure and re-record some songs, while additionally recording some new songs, that were ultimately not used in the final album. The band opted to almost entirely re-record the material from Papa's Dojo for their major label debut. The band hadn't initially planned on doing this, but went with it once they realized how well their old songs sounded when they were re-recorded in a high-tech studio with a professional producer and equipment like Pro-Tools. The process was further drawn out while they searched for a mixing engineer to provide the album's final mix they felt best complemented their sound, who ended up being Chris Lord-Alge.
The final product, Dirty Sexy Knights in Paris was released on June 4, 2002. Commercial reception was lukewarm; the album charted, but peaked at no. 156 on the Billboard 200 in 2002, staying on the chart for six weeks before dropping off. Two singles were released in support of the album, "The Energy" and "Looking Down". They too were moderately received; "The Energy" peaked at no. 17 on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart and at no. 9 on their Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, but "Looking Down" only charted on the Hot Mainstream Chart, peaking at no. 29. Prior to the album's release, the band toured with Adema. After its release, they spent the second half of the year touring in support of the album with Saliva, Theory of a Deadman, and Our Lady Peace. The band finished out the year in December by playing a live show broadcast on MTV called "Live at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame".
Aborted second album and breakup (2003-2008)
By 2003, sales and airplay of their debut material had stalled, prompting the band to start writing material for a followup. The lack of success, and return to the creative process, began to cause friction in the band once again. Einziger reflected on the state of the band:
There was never a lot of synergy in Audiovent ... The band members wouldn't compromise on artistic agendas. There was a conflict every time we turned around. It was like pulling teeth to get anything done."
Wilcox was the first casualty of this, leaving the band in March 2003 due to creative differences. They were replaced by Ryland Steen, of the ska punk band Reel Big Fish. The band continued to push forward, spending the remainder of the year in the studio recording a follow-up album. By the end of the year, Fried reported that the sessions had been rather prolific, the latest session had produced seven new demos, bringing the overall tally of 19 new songs in contention for the second album. They also stated the band had been working with record producer Tony Berg on some of the demos, with the hopes of entering the studio with them in early 2004. The band proceeded to enter the studio in early 2004 with Eric Stenman, who produced, mixed, and engineered further demos with the band. While largely quiet during this period, the band reemerged in May 2004 by announcing they'd be playing live shows in May and June, but under a new, temporary moniker "Nigel", to represent the stylistic shift in their new music. The band performed the shows, but by mid-June it was abruptly announced that the band had broken up altogether due to their creative differences with one another. Einziger, Fried, and Steen formed a new band that same year called Agent Sparks, although Steen left to play in Reel Big Fish before recording any material with the band. Agent Sparks recorded two releases without any success, an EP, Not So Merry in 2005, and a full album, Red Rover in 2006, before disbanding themselves in 2007.
While the second album was ultimately aborted, some tracks from the sessions were eventually released in various ways. In August 2008, Audiovent released five previously unreleased demos on their Myspace account for streaming and purchase, under the title of The Lost Demos Vol. 1. No further volumes have been released, though Stenman later released another Audiovent demo on their personal website entitled "Call My Name".
In late 2018, the band announced their reformation, alongside a tour with Hoobastank. However, the tour was cancelled before it started by Hoobastank due to "an unforeseen personal matter". A reunion show was instead scheduled for January 11, 2019, at The Viper Room.
Musical style and influences
The band purposely used a traditional "guitar, bass, and drum" rock sound in their music, in efforts to distance themselves from the DJs, rapped vocals, and angsty themes commonly found in nu metal and rap metal's music, which was at its peak of popularity upon the band's major label debut. The band desired to distance themselves from the shadow of their sibling's band Incubus, though critics commonly compared them regardless, especially to Incubus's 1999 album Make Yourself and Brandon Boyd's vocals. They did manage to avoid said band's nu metal label though, most commonly being identified as alternative rock, post-grunge, and hard rock. Music journalists noted a diversity between their songs as well, with Margo Whitman of Billboard described them as having "cuts that run the gamut from acoustic-type ballads to hardcore rock numbers". The band experimented with the sitar on the track "Rain", and a 22-piece orchestra in "When I Drown".
The band was greatly influenced by classic rock, such as The Beatles, Pink Floyd, and David Bowie. According to Boyd:
"We look at old footage of Jimi Hendrix and Led Zeppelin and The Who, and that's really what gets us going. We want music to be like that again ... The stuff we listen to isn't what's going on today ... everything from Beatles to Zep to Hendrix—everything from that to old Stevie Wonder, James Brown, The Funky Meters—And I like bands that do something different, that aren't afraid to step it up a notch ... Radiohead, obviously, and The Flaming Lips, Shudder to Think-- We just play stuff that comes from our hearts. It's all natural."
Boyd states the band was also influenced by soul, funk, and jazz in a general sense, and metal in their earlier days. Boyd states that the band composed 9 minute Pink Floyd-esq progressive rock songs in their earlier days, but the band ended up unhappy with the end results, and strayed away from the approach upon becoming more familiar with the Beatles and Led Zeppelin. Wilcox stated that drumming of John Bonham, Joseph Modeliste, and Russell Batiste were particularly influential to their drumming style.
Members
Last lineup
Jason Boyd - vocals (1993–2004, 2018-2019)
Benjamin Einziger - guitar, vocals (1993–2004, 2018-2019)
Paul Fried - bass (1993–2004, 2018-2019)
Shane McLafferty - drums (2018–2019)
Past
Greg Cooper - drums (1991–1994)
Josh LeVine - guitar (1991-1994)
Jamin Wilcox - drums, vocals (1993-2003)
Ryland Steen - drums (2003-2004)
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
References
Musical groups from California
Atlantic Records artists
Musical groups disestablished in 2004
People from Calabasas, California
George Harper (born 30 August 1865) was an English cricketer. They were a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Lancashire. They were born in Notting Hill, London.
Harper made a single first-class appearance for the team, at the age of just 17. They batted in only one innings of the match, scoring a single run.
External links
George Harper at Cricket Archive
1865 births
English cricketers
Lancashire cricketers
People from Notting Hill
Year of death missing
Generation Cross is an American religious comedy television series created and hosted by Lino Rulli. The show's name is derived from "Generation X", showing individuals from that generation expressing their Catholic faith in a humorous manner. It premiered in September 1998 on Metro Cable Network in Minneapolis–Saint Paul, Minnesota. Before its cancellation in 2004, it was syndicated on various religious television networks in the United States, including CatholicTV. It was also broadcast in various Catholic dioceses, via the Catholic Communication Campaign.
Format
Generation Cross consists of host Lino Rulli doing various unique activities while imparting Catholic history, theology, and inspiration in a comedic manner. Activities have include exploring villages in Italy, rock climbing with a priest, and swing dancing with a nun.
Awards
References
External links
Television shows about Catholicism
Television in Minnesota
1998 American television series debuts
2004 American television series endings
Pterosaurs
New taxa
See also
References
1810s in paleontology
Paleontology
Tadun (died 207) was a leader of the Wuhuan tribes during the late Eastern Han dynasty of China. They were an ally of the warlord Yuan Shao and Yuan Shao's son and successor Yuan Shang.
Life
Tadun was a younger relative of the Wuhuan chieftain Qiuliju, and they were well-known for their wisdom, command skills, strength and ferocity among the Wuhuan people. After Qiuliju died sometime in the early 190s, Tadun succeeded them as the new Wuhuan leader because Qiuliju's son, Louban (樓班), was too young at the time. Tadun not only ruled over the Wuhuan tribes in Liaoxi Commandery (遼西郡; around present-day Lulong County, Hebei), but also those in Youbeiping (右北平; around present-day Tangshan, Hebei), Yuyang (漁陽; around present-day Miyun District, Beijing) and Shanggu (上谷; around present-day Yanqing District, Beijing) commanderies.
Throughout the 190s, Tadun supported the warlord Yuan Shao in their power struggle against Gongsun Zan for supremacy in northern China. In return for Tadun's support, Yuan Shao awarded imperial seals and honours to Tadun and the Wuhuan chieftains in the name of Emperor Xian, the figurehead emperor of the Eastern Han dynasty. After Louban had grown up, Tadun gave the reins of power to them but continued to remain in charge of the Wuhuan tribes in Liaoxi Commandery. The other Wuhuan chieftains, such as Nanlou (難樓), Supuyan (蘇僕延) and Wuyan (烏延), pledged allegiance to Louban as their new leader.
Following Yuan Shao's death in 202, their son and successor Yuan Shang continued maintaining friendly ties with the Wuhuan. When Yuan Shang was defeated by their father's rival Cao Cao and forced to flee further north, they took shelter under Tadun and the Wuhuan tribes. Tadun attempted to help Yuan Shang regain control over the territories in northern China but to no avail. In 207, Cao Cao personally led their forces on a campaign against Yuan Shang and the Wuhuan tribes. By the time the Wuhuan realised that Cao Cao was on their way to attack them, it was a little too late but they still managed to muster thousands of horsemen to fight the enemy. Both sides clashed at the Battle of White Wolf Mountain near Liucheng (柳城; southwest of present-day Chaoyang, Liaoning). During the battle, Tadun was captured by the "Tiger and Leopard Cavalry" (虎豹騎) unit led by Cao Cao's cousin Cao Chun and was later executed by Zhang Liao, a general under Cao Cao.
See also
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
References
Chen, Shou (3rd century). Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi).
Pei, Songzhi (5th century). Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms (Sanguozhi zhu).
2nd-century births
207 deaths
2nd-century Chinese people
3rd-century Chinese people
Yuan Shao and associates
Wuhuan
Executed Han dynasty people
People executed by the Han dynasty
Lise Overgaard-Munk (born May 26, 1989) is a Danish football striker who plays for 1.FFC Frankfurt of the German Frauen-Bundesliga. They have previously played in the top Bundesliga with 1.FFC Frankfurt and for Danish Elitedivisionen teams Fortuna Hjørring and Brøndby IF. They have also represented the Denmark women's national football team.
Club career
In the early part of their career Munk represented both Fortuna Hjørring and Brøndby in the UEFA Women's Champions League.
After scoring 28 goals for Brøndby during the 2012 calendar year, Munk secured a transfer to 1.FFC Frankfurt in January 2013. They scored two goals in six appearances but missed the entire 2013–14 season through injury and asked to be released from their contract a year early before 2014–15. By then they had recovered their fitness and was in search of regular first team football. The following day they were unveiled as a 1. FC Köln player.
International career
Munk scored a hat-trick in their senior Danish national team debut, a crushing 15–0 home win over Georgia in October 2009.
References
External links
Danish Football Union (DBU) statistics
1989 births
Living people
Danish women's footballers
Denmark women's international footballers
Brøndby IF (women) players
Fortuna Hjørring players
1. FFC Frankfurt players
Expatriate women's footballers in Germany
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Danish expatriate footballers
1. FC Köln (women) players
People from Frederikshavn
Women's association football forwards
Frederikshavn fI players
Sportspeople from the North Jutland Region
The Comunità tariffale Ticino e Moesano, also known by its marketing name arcobaleno, is a Swiss tariff network covering the whole of the canton of Ticino, together with the Moesano district of the canton of Graubünden.
Arcobaleno offers various kinds of tickets, from single tickets to annual season tickets, which are valid on the buses, trains and boats of the operators that are members of the network. Tickets are only valid within the arcobaleno area, and a few operators have further restrictions on which tickets are accepted on which services. Ticket prices are based on zones, with 49 zones covering the whole of the arcobaleno area, whilst season tickets use a coarser zone structure of only 16 zones.
Tickets are available from the offices of the operators. Ticket machines sell a range of tickets at railway stations and urban bus stops. Where ticket machines are not available at bus stops, tickets may be obtained from the bus driver.
Operators
The operators which make up the network are:
Autolinee Bleniesi (ABL)
Autolinea Mendrisiense (AMSA)
Autolinee Regionali Luganesi (ARL)
Ferrovie Autolinee Regionali Ticinesi (FART)
Ferrovie Luganesi (FLP)
Funicolare Locarno - Madonna del Sasso (FLMS) †
Navigazione Lago Maggiore (NLM) †
PostBus Switzerland
Società Navigazione del Lago di Lugano (SNL) †
Swiss Federal Railways (FFS)
Treni Regionali Ticino Lombardia (TILO)
Trasporti Pubblici Luganesi (TPL)
† - limitations to ticket acceptance
References
External links
Arcobaleno web site (in Italian)
Transport in Graubünden
Transport in Ticino
Erigeron tracyi is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name running fleabane. It is native to northern Mexico (Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Durango, Sonora, Zacatecas) and the southwestern United States (Arizona, Colorado, Kansas, Nevada, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah).
Erigeron tracyi grows in pastures and open woodlands as well as on roadsides and in fence rows. It is an biennial or perennial herb up to 45 centimeters (17 inches) tall, producing unbranched underground caudex. Leaves are narrowly oblanceolate, up to 13 cm (2.5 inches) long. The inflorescence is made up of 1-60 flower heads per stem, in a loose array. Each head contains 60–120 blue, white or pale lavender ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
tracyi
Flora of the United States
Flora of Mexico
Plants described in 1902
Matheus Thiago de Carvalho (born March 11, 1992), known as Matheus Carvalho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Náutico.
Career
On 31 January 2015, Carvalho moved on loan to AS Monaco FC till the end of the 2014–15 season, with an option for AS Monaco to make the deal permanent.
On 13 March 2015, Carvalho scored their first goal for AS Monaco FC vs Bastia.
Carvalho signed with North American Soccer League club Fort Lauderdale Strikers on 8 February 2016.
Honours
Fluminense
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A: 2010
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A: 2012
Taça Guanabara: 2012
Campeonato Carioca: 2012
Joinville
Copa Santa Catarina: 2013
Atlético Clube Goianiense
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2016
Náutico
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C: 2019
Campeonato Pernambucano: 2021
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Fluminense FC players
Joinville Esporte Clube players
AS Monaco FC players
Fort Lauderdale Strikers players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Expatriate footballers in Monaco
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Monaco
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Niterói
Mount Reynolds () is a snow-capped mountain, 1,130 m, marked by steep, rocky lower slopes, standing at the south side of Violante Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land. Discovered by members of the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) in a flight from East Base on 30 December 1940. Named by the US-SCAN for Jeremiah (John) N. Reynolds, longtime protagonist (1826–38) of American exploration and expansion in the Pacific and the Antarctic.
Mountains of Palmer Land
Paradeep, also spelt Paradip (originally Paradweep, also spelt Paradwip), is a major seaport city and municipality, from Jagatsinghpur city in Jagatsinghpur district of Odisha, India. Paradeep Municipality was constituted as an NAC on 27 September 1979 and converted into a Municipality on 12 December 2002. Paradeep (210 15' 55-44" N 806 40' 34-62" E) is the main outlet and inlet of the seaborne trade of the eastern port. It also signaled the economic development of the state, giving impetus to trade and commerce. It has become the gateway of Odisha to the International community.
Paradeep has become a hub of industrial activities. Industries like IFFCO, Paradeep Phosphates Limited, CARGILL, IOCL, BPCL, HPCL, Carbon etc. have been established here. From an administrative view point, Paradeep N.A.C. was constituted vide H & U.D. Department Notification No. 31169, dated 27 September 1979, and became functional with effect from 18 September 1980. Subsequently, Paradeep N.A.C. was upgraded to Municipality under section 424 of Odisha Municipal Act. 1950 vide H. & U.D. Deptt Notification no. 47302/HUD, dated 12 December 2002. The municipality comprises five Revenue Villages, namely Udachandrapur, Chauliapalanda, Sandhakuda, Bijayachandrapur, and Bhitaragarh. In view of increasing population and industrialisation, a proposal to include 15 villages i.e. Paradeep Garh, Niharuni, Niharuni Kandha, Chouki Matha, Udayabata, Nimidiha, Kotakula, Rangiagarh, Nua Sandhakud, Musadiha, Musadiha Jangle, Boitarkuda, Kaudia, Aganasi, and Nuagarh has been sent to state H. & U.D. Department on 11 October 2007 and District Collector, Jagatsinghpur for inclusion. Paradip is from Cuttack and from Bhubaneswar. Biju Patnaik International Airport is the nearest and only operational commercial airport to reach Paradip.
History
During the early 17th century, Paradip and its adjoining areas were connected to Cuttack through the Mahanadi river and its branches. Transportation of goods from rural areas to Cuttack was done through waterways via Dhamara and Pattamundai, though this slowly discontinued due to silting of the river bed. In 1819, the British constructed a sort of harbour north of the present Paradip site, then called False Point. In 1862, the East India Irrigation Company explored the potential of Paradip for transportation of rice from the area. The importance of Paradip grew during the great famine of 1866, when it was used as the main entry point for importing food materials to the famine-struck area.
During the early post-independence period, a minor port came into existence at Paradip in 1958 through the efforts of the State Government. Subsequently, the Government decided to construct a major port there. The foundation stone for Paradip Port was laid on 3 January 1962 by former prime minister of India Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, then Prime Minister of India. On completion in 1965, the port was taken over by the Government of India and was declared open on 12 March 1966. Paradip Port was declared the eighth major port of India and the first major deep sea port on the east coast commissioned after independence. The Paradip Port Trust came into being in 1967 for development and management of the Port.
Geography
Paradip is located at . It has an average elevation of .
Climate
Connectivity
The Port is connected with Broad-gauge electrified Railway system of the East-Coast Railway and is also served by National Highway 53 and State Highway No.12.
Paradeep Railway Station.
The Port is also connected by bus routes to the steel city of Rourkela, Kolkata and to the holy town of Puri & Konark
The Port is connected through lease line and broadband to other Ports, Ministry and IPA. Reliance, BSNL, Airtel, TATA Indicom etc. have cellular services at Paradip Port. 4G network facility is available in Paradip PoThe Port is connected with Broad-gauge electrified Railway system of the East-Coast Railway and is also served by National Highway 53 and State Highway No.12. Port is well connected with Cuttack and Bhubaneswar with bus & train services.
Paradip Port
The Port of Paradip is the primary port in Odisha, and one of the largest on India's east coast. The port handled over 100 million tonnes of cargo in 2017–2018. Thermal coal and iron ore are major commodities that transit the port. Located on the Bay of Bengal at a latitude 20° 55.44' N and a longitude 86°34.62' E, the port is built on an artificial harbour with ships accessing the port via human-made lagoons. Former Chief Minister of Odisha Biju Patnaik, an aviator and a freedom fighter, spearheaded the port's establishment.
Storage area
of concrete paved area near the berth. Storage area secured & protected.
Capacity to store about 1000 TEUs (20 ft).
Equipments available
One Mobile crane of 75MT capacity (Port).
Two 50 MT mobile cranes & one 20 MT forklift (private).
Adequate trailers to handle TEUs and FEUs (private).
Facility
Berthing priority for container vessels. Hence, nil waiting 50% Concession in both vessel & cargo related charges for container vessels.
Harbor Mobile cranes at berths to handle containers. In house stuffing / destuffing facility. Siding facility for Rail handling of containers, one RO-RO jetty, single point mooring
Container Traffic
2010-11
Import of 1084 empty TEUs.
Export of 2443 TEUs laden container with 61361ton.
Industry
Indian Oil has established a major oil refinery with installed capacity of 15 million tonnes per year at Paradip. Other major industries in the area include:
Paradeep Phosphates Limited, a fertilizer company height
Paradeep Plastic Park Limited
IFFCO- Fertilizer Plant
Essar Steel's Pellet plant
Indian Oil marketing terminal
Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd. - marketing terminal
Hindustan Petroleum Corp. Ltd. - marketing terminal.
Cargill's edible oil plant
Indian Oil Corporation Limited IOCL
Skol Breweries Ltd, ( Unit- East Coast Brewery)
Paradip is emerging as a major industrial hub with several upcoming steel plants including a US$12 billion plant being developed by POSCO of South Korea. In addition, alumina refineries, thermal power plants, and a petrochemical complex are under development.
Paradip has been identified for development as one of the six major Petroleum, Chemicals and Petrochemicals Investment Regions (PCPIRs) in India, along the lines of Pudong in China, Rotterdam in Europe and Houston in North America. The Paradip PCPIR has identified an investment potential of US$68.84 billion, spread over in the area.
Demographics
India census, As of 2001, Paradip had a population of 73,633. Males constituted 58% of the population and females 42%, due to rapid migration of young industrial workers to the area. Paradip has an average literacy rate of 73%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 79%, and female literacy is 65%. 12% of the population is under 6 years of age.
References
External links
Port of Paradip
At Hannover, India's big infrastructure idea: Special Economic Regions
Cities and towns in Jagatsinghpur district
Port cities in India
Six ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Colossus:
was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line launched in 1787 and wrecked in 1798.
was a 74-gun third rate ship of the line launched in 1803. They fought at Trafalgar and was broken up in 1826.
was an 80-gun second rate ship of the line launched in 1848. They were converted to screw propulsion in 1854 and sold in 1867.
was a battleship launched in 1882 and sold in 1908.
was a dreadnought battleship launched in 1910. They fought at the Battle of Jutland and was scrapped in 1928.
was a light aircraft carrier launched in 1943. They were loaned to France in 1946 and renamed Arromanches. They were bought by France in 1951 and was scrapped in 1978.
Royal Navy ship names
Jono Pandolfi (born 1976) is an American ceramic artist and designer.  They are a product designer and a visiting critic at the Parsons School of Design.
After studying under Regis Brodie at Skidmore College, Pandolfi taught pottery at the Millbrook School before moving to New York City to design jewelry and manage the ceramics studio at Penn South. Their custom tabletop ceramic pieces are in New York City restaurants Terrace 5 and Cafe 2 at the Museum of Modern Art, chef Daniel Humm's Eleven Madison Park, The Core Club, The Musket Room and Clio. They designed a line of dinnerware ("Kona") for Crate & Barrel. Pandolfi also worked as a product designer at Dransfield and Ross for a year prior to joining Cambridge Silversmiths.
An avid fisherman, Pandolfi co-authored the book Spin Fishing Basics.  They are married to Erica Duecy, the Editor-in-Chief & Chief Content Officer at VinePair, and their brother, Chris Pandolfi, plays banjo in The Infamous Stringdusters.
References
External links
Jono Pandolfi, official web site
Cambridge Silversmiths, official web site
Dransfield and Ross, official website
American potters
Living people
1976 births
Skidmore College alumni
Artists from New York City
The Suzuki Aerio (also called the Liana – Life In A New Age – in China, Pakistan, Europe, Israel, South Asia, Taiwan and Australia or Baleno for sedan version in Indonesia) is a compact car that was built by Suzuki. It was introduced in 2001 as a replacement for the Suzuki Esteem/Baleno, with a tall 5-door SX model hatchback (for maximum inner room efficiency) and a 4-door sedan body. It featured two different 16-valve gasoline inline-four engines, with 1.5-litre and 1.8-litre, this one capable of JIS. Production was discontinued in 2007 around the world and replaced by the Suzuki SX4, except in Pakistan (2006 to 2014) and China where production was continued by Changhe-Suzuki until 2019.
Overview
Models in North America got a larger and more powerful 2.0-liter engine with . A 5-speed manual transmission was standard with a 4-speed automatic optional. All-wheel-drive was available, but only with the automatic. American Aerios came in two trim levels: the S and GS (2002–2004), S and SX (2005), and Base and Premium (2006–2007). Key changes over the years included an upgrade to a new 2.3-liter engine in 2004, a major styling and interior refresh in 2005 (replacing the digital instruments with conventional analog ones), and the standardization of antilock brakes in 2006. Only the Aerio sedan remained for 2007, as the hatchback had been shelved to make room for the new 2007 SX4 hatchback. Likewise, the Aerio sedan bowed out at year's end, making way for the 2008 SX4 Sport sedan. Throughout its run, the Aerio was distinct for being the most affordable car in America to offer all-wheel drive.
In Europe, where the car was called Liana (an acronym for Life In A New Age), it was seen as a more affordable alternative to small family cars or to mini MPVs, introducing a new generation of Suzuki M engines, with 1.3-litre and 1.6-litre I4 engine. All-wheel drive was available on the bigger engine. In 2004, the car was restyled with a look that closer resembled the Japanese version, and also received a Diesel engine, with a 16-valve version of the 1.4-litre HDi engine supplied by PSA Peugeot Citroën, capable of thanks to common rail direct injection and a variable geometry turbocharger.
The Liana remained in production in Pakistan in 1.3-litre and 1.6-litre variants until 2014.
Appearances in media
The Liana was best known for its appearances as the Reasonably Priced Car in Top Gear'''s Star in a Reasonably-Priced Car segment. Celebrity guests would appear on the show every week to be interviewed and to set a lap time in a saloon model Suzuki Liana. The primary car, along with spare cars, were kept stock except for a roll cage and racing seats which were added as safety measures. In its three-year tenure on Top Gear, the Liana covered 1,600 laps of the circuit; its tires and brakes were changed 100 times; and it required six new clutches, two new hubs, driveshafts, wishbones, struts and gear linkages and a replacement wing mirror. The Liana was used from its first show until its replacement by a Chevrolet Lacetti in the show's spring 2006 season. Until 2015, it enjoyed a partial retirement, and was still brought back when the guest was a Formula 1 driver.
Pikes Peak
In 2001, Suzuki specially built spaceframe racing cars for hillclimb races with a bodyshell to resemble the Aerio dubbed the Suzuki Aerio P950 Pikes Peak Special'' driven by its rally team manager and former rally driver, Nobuhiro Tajima.
Tajima retired from the race, one mile (1.6 km) short of the finishing line suffering from mechanical failures, teammate Yutaka Awazuhara took the fourth overall in a Grand Vitara.
Tajima would finish as runner-up in the Japan Dirt Trial Championship that year with the same car and won the Race to the Sky hillclimb in 2003, before it was rebuilt as a Grand Vitara, then in 2007 as an XL7, breaking the overall course record at Pikes Peak.
Gallery
Pre-facelift
Sedan
Hatchback
Facelift
Sedan
Hatchback
Changhe Suzuki Liana
Changhe-Suzuki in China released a new 1.4-litre Liana hatchback in October 2010, called Liana a+, which has been sold alongside 1.6-litre versions. Prior to 2013, the Liana retained the same styling as the international version. The Liana was facelifted for sedan and hatchback models with styling unique to China in April 2013.
References
External links
Aerio Liana
Compact cars
Mini MPVs
Sedans
Hatchbacks
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 2001
Cinzia Fiordeponti, best known as Cinzia De Ponti (born 3 October 1960), is an Italian actor, model, television personality and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Italia 1979 and second runner-up to Miss Universe 1982.
Life and career
De Ponti was born in Pescara. In 1979, while a law student at Teramo University, they won the Miss Italia beauty contest.
They later won the 1982 Miss Universo Italia contest and entered the Miss Universe 1982 competition, ranking third.
De Ponti studied as an actor at the "Studio di arti sceniche" drama school led by Alessandro Fersen. They appeared in a number of films in the 1980s, alternating main roles in comedy and genre films and minor roles in art films. Since the second half of the 1980s, they focused on television, working as an actor and a presenter.
Filmography
References
External links
1960 births
20th-century Italian actores
Italian beauty pageant winners
Italian female models
Italian film actores
Italian stage actores
Italian television actores
Italian television presenters
Living people
Miss Universe 1982 contestants
People from Pescara
University of Teramo alumni
Italian women television presenters
Gazanchi Fortress is fortress dated from the third millennium BC located in the village of Gazanchi. It is believed to have been heavily occupied by local tribes and is depicted in painted ceramic artifacts as having been a significant social center during the Middle Bronze Age.
See also
Architecture of Azerbaijan
References
Palaces in Azerbaijan
Architecture of Azerbaijan
Tourist attractions in Azerbaijan
Return Point is a rocky slope forming the south-west extremity of Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica. It lies 2 km west-north-west of Cheal Point.
History
The point was discovered on 7 December 1821 by Captain George Powell, British sealer in the sloop Dove, and Captain Nathaniel Palmer, American sealer in the sloop James Monroe. It was named by Powell who, after making a landing on this point of land, returned directly aboard ship after viewing the coast to the eastward.
Important Bird Area
A 194 ha tract of land, including both Return Point and Cheal Point, has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports a large breeding colony of about 38,000 pairs of chinstrap penguins which nest on places which are free of ice cover.
References
Headlands of the South Orkney Islands
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Penguin colonies
Coppenbrügge is a municipality in the Hamelin-Pyrmont district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximatively 15 km (10 miles) east of Hamelin.
The Municipality covers the following villages:
Bäntorf
Behrensen
Bessingen
Bisperode
Brünnighausen
Coppenbrügge
Diedersen
Dörpe
Harderode
Herkensen
Hohnsen
Marienau
History
Coppenbrügge was first documented around 1000 in a borderline description of the Bishopric of Hildesheim as Cobbanbrug mentioned. On March 9, 1062, Emperor Henry IV granted Bishop Hezilo of Hildesheim the forest ban at Coppenbrügge. Built around 1200 Count Bernhard of Poppenburg, who sat on the castle Poppenburg, the mirror castle at Lauenstein. After that they called themselves Bernhard von Poppenburg and Spiegelberg. The Spiegelburg was built in the valley between Ith and Osterwald on the old army and trade route near a swamp area. The road was Hellweg, which led from Aachen to Königsberg. After that it was the Reichsstraße 1 and today the federal highway No. 1. From 1217, Count Bernhard called themselves only "von Spiegelberg".
In 1226 a feud broke out between Bernhard von Spiegelberg and Bodo von Homburg. In 1238, the Homburgs conquered the castle Spiegelberg, the Counts of Spiegelberg left the country. In 1247, the Homburgs built the castle Lauenstein. In 1260 Johann von Brünnighausen handed over their property to the bishop of Minden. This property was handed over to Count von Spiegelberg in 1281, which gave rise to the Counts of Spiegelberg and the main town of Coppenbrügge. Around 1300, the Spiegelberg donated land to the Carmelites to build their monastery in Marienau, and in 1303 Coppenbrügge Castle was rebuilt.
From 1409 to 1435 the Spiegelbergs fought with the Welfish dukes for new areas on the Weser and in the valley of the Hamel (river) Hamel. The bouts ended with a complete defeat of the Spiegelbergers, but the county is preserved. In 1494, the Spiegelbergers inherited Grafschaft Pyrmont.
In 1519 the Hildesheimer Stift feud broke out, the Hildesheim came into conflict with the Guelph Principalities Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel and Calenberg. This originally purely local feud developed into an altercation of Lower Saxon territorial princes, in which also the Counts of Spiegelberg were involved. The feud had only ended in 1523.
Around 1540, Coppenbrügge Reformed became. A little later, in 1557, Count Philip of Spiegelberg and Pyrmont fell in battle at Saint-Quentin. The rule went first from 1557 to 1584 to the Haus Lippe. From 1584 ruled the house Gleichen-Tonnaund, from 1631 the house Nassau-Dietz. They were followed at the beginning of 18th century the house Nassau-Oranien (Netherlands).
In 1692, almost all town houses were destroyed in a big fire. On August 10, 1697, the Russian Tsar Peter the Great visited Coppenbrügge, together with the Elector Sophia of Hanover and the Elector Sophie Charlotte of Brandenburg , On September 18, 1740 came Frederick II of Prussia. 1764, the old sulfur spring was renewed in the Coppenbrügger Landwehr and expanded for healing purposes.
Spiegelberg came to the Westphalia in 1810, and the Vienna Congress (1815) brought the county back to the Nassau-Oranien (Netherlands). But already in 1819 Spiegelberg was sold as "Amt Coppenbrügge" to the Kingdom of Hannover, it became Prussian in 1866.
In 1875, the Hamelin-Hildesheim railway line was built, and a few years later (1906) Carl Netter founded Sanatorium Lindenbrunn. The Feuerhake fountain was built in 1908. They were a thank the community Coppenbrügge Ernst fire hook (1850-1924), who donated a water pipe to the community. They also donated the two large colored windows in the sanctuary of St. Nicolai Church. Since 1945 Coppenbrügge belongs to the state of Lower Saxony.
In 1957, the outdoor pool was inaugurated. In 1958, the basic renovation of the church was completed. In 1962, the dissolution of State ownership and the sale and demolition of the buildings took place. The farmhouse became state forestry office. In 1969, the sanatorium Lindenbrunn was abandoned by its owners and sold to the association for the care of the severely handicapped. 1972/1973, the newly established hospital Lindenbrunn was inaugurated with a capacity of 255 beds. In 1976, the indoor pool was opened. After thorough renovation of the castle ruins and the former district court building took place in 1986, the opening of the museum in the castle. In 1993, the last districts were connected to the central water supply and to the central sanitation.
In 2011/2012, the outdoor pool was completely renovated. The swimming pools are now heated with district heating from a biogas plant in Brünnighausen. The indoor pool was also rebuilt and the entire roof area equipped with solar panels.
In the school year 2015/16, the Free School Weserbergland opened its doors in the rooms of the former Special School, an Ersatzschule in Independent Sponsorship, which after the Montessori approach works.
Notable residents
Bendix Hallenstein (1835–1905), merchant and politician
See also
Museum in the Castle Coppenbrügge
St. Nicolai (Coppenbrügge)
Feuerhake fountain
Rittergut Voldagsen
References
Hameln-Pyrmont
Elizabeth Casson (14 April 1881 – 17 December 1954) was a British doctor and an occupational therapy pioneer. Initially training as a secretary, Casson began studying medicine at the University of Bristol when they were 32. They received their medical degree in 1926, becoming the first woman to receive one from the University of Bristol. They also attained the Gaskell prize from the Royal Medico-Psychological Association and a diploma in psychological medicine from the University of London.
Casson set up a residential clinic for women with mental disorders at Dorset House in Bristol in 1929 with enough residential space for 800 patients, and they opened the first school of occupational therapy in the UK in the same building the following year. They took an active role in the therapeutic activities at Dorset House, even playing a part in the patient's production of Pride and Prejudice.
Casson moved control of the school to a non-profit company in 1948, remaining as vice-chairperson and medical director. They created the Elizabeth Casson Trust in 1949, intended to improve occupation therapy education and treatment. In 1951, Casson was appointed an OBE for their work at Dorset House and was also made an honorary fellow of the World Federation of Occupational Therapists. A memorial lecture was set up in their name in 1973 with presenters being selected by their peers, and a psychiatric unit was named after them at Bristol's Callington Road Hospital.
Biography
Casson, known as Elsie, was born on 14 April 1881 in Denbigh, Wales. They were the sixth child of a bank manager and amateur organ-builder, Thomas Casson, from Wales, and their wife Laura Ann. One of their brothers, Lewis Casson, went on to be an actor and theatre director. Whilst living in Denbigh, the family encouraged the seven children to enjoy the arts.
In 1891, Thomas decided to set up a business in organ-building and the family moved to London. There, Casson was educated at St Mary's College, Paddington before going to secretarial college at their father's behest. After qualifying, they worked as a secretary for their fathers' organ-building business until their retirement. In 1908, Casson was a working as housing manager for the social reformer, Octavia Hill, taking care of the living conditions of residents at Red Cross Hall in Southwark. For the next five years they organised recreational activities at the hall, focusing on the arts. Octavia Hill's philosophy influenced Casson's work over the following years.
In 1911, Casson's uncle, Isambard Owen, vice-chancellor at University of Bristol, promised them a place studying medicine if they could be formally matriculated to the university. They struggled with their Latin exams for two years, but eventually passed them and registered to study medicine on 1 October 1913 at the age of 32. They graduated with their Bachelor of Medicine degree in 1919, and took on a role at the West Hertfordshire Hospital in Hemel Hempstead. There they noticed that patients in the women's wards were enjoying using artistic talents, and decided that such pursuits were important to treatment. They realised that these pursuits were not only keeping the patients occupied but also helping them to gain self-esteem and to work through their issues.
Casson became a medical officer at the Holloway Sanatorium in 1921, developing an interest in occupational therapy whilst working there until 1929. In that time they gained a diploma in psychological medicine from the University of London in 1922, achieved their Doctorate of Medicine from the University of Bristol in 1926 (becoming the first woman to do so), and winning the 1927 Gaskell prize from the Royal Medico-Psychological Association. They also helped set up the Standing Committee in Psychological Medicine of the Medical Women's Federation and the Gaskell club for those recipients of the prize.
Dorset House
In 1926, Casson visited an occupational therapy centre in Bloomingdale Hospital, New York City, whilst on holiday, and decided that the UK needed a similar facility; in the late 1920s, Casson decided to establish one. They borrowed £1000 () from their brother, Lewis, to help set up the occupational therapy centre. Dorset House opened in Clifton, Bristol, in 1929 as a residential centre for women with mental health issues. They expanded Dorset House and on 1 January 1930 the UK's first occupational therapy school, known as Dorset House School opened, and they became medical director herself. The school's course would teach not only the medical subjects such as anatomy and physiology, but also occupational treatments such as weaving, bookbinding, and other crafts, as well as how to organise activities such as country dancing and how these activities applied to occupational therapy. Wonderful ciné films of these activities can be found at the Dorset House archive held by Oxford Brookes University library.
Casson's vision for Dorset House was that of a 'community where every individual was encouraged to feel that they had a real object'. Having seen the benefit, in the United States and at Octavia Hill, they combined medical interventions with education and recreational approaches. They actively involved themselves in the daily therapeutic activities, often inspired by their artistic childhood and build closer relationships between patients and staff, creating a community feel. At one point they even cast themselves in Dorset House's drama production, playing Mr. William Collins in their 1934 rendition of Pride and Prejudice.
Days would be structured so that activities would be planned throughout, with occupational therapy carrying on into evenings and at weekends. A typical day would include breakfast then flower arranging until 10:30, followed by an hour in the occupation room for therapy. After their work, the patients would go for a walk or join in community singing until 2pm. Between 2pm and 8pm there would be more time in the occupation room, a period of rest and time in the garden. At 8 pm there would be community games and country dancing. Casson believed it was important to keep the therapy room separate from the rest of the department, as it was specialised knowledge. They also insisted that certain activities, such as knitting, were not used as it was not sufficient distraction from the patient's fantasy system. Some concern existed that patients would not accept being put to work, but of their 100 patients in 1931, only six refused the therapy. A member (and later fellow) of the British Homeopathy Society, Casson also included homeopathic treatments in their programme for the patients.
Dorset House had space for 800 patients in residence during the 1930s, moving to Bromsgrove during World War II. The building was damaged during the war, so in 1946, the School of Occupational Therapy moved to Oxford, whilst the patients moved to Clevedon. To ensure costs were kept down for the patients, Casson subsidised their treatment from their own funds. They began to release control of the projects in 1948, first by passing the school to a nonprofit company with them as vice-president and remaining as medical director. Then, in 1949, Casson created the Elizabeth Casson Trust which focused on occupational therapy treatment and education, with the majority of funds going to Dorset House school. In 1992, the school became part of Oxford Brookes University; the Elizabeth Casson Trust continues to support occupational therapists in professional development activities, service development and leadership.
Societies
Outside of their work, Casson was a member of Bristol societies. They never lost touch with their Welsh roots, discussing the similarities between Wales and Bristol with the Lord Mayor at a meal in 1931 and becoming president of the Bristol Cambrian Society in 1934. They also became the president of the Soroptimist Club of Bristol between 1938 and 1939 and was vice president of the Bristol branch of the British Social Hygiene Council in 1939.
They were an advocate for women working in roles outside offices, suggesting government grants for women who wanted to be nurses or teachers and giving lectures to parents about their work in occupational therapy in 1935. With the Soroptimist club they gave talks to their fellow members, praising the influence of Octavia Hill and explaining that they were interested more in mental health than physical health. They advocated an ordered life and a happy atmosphere for everyone.
As the vice president of the Social Hygiene Council, they worked to ensure that the people of Bristol could give better sex education to their children, without shocking them. They did this in part by hosting a series of lectures called "Sex Education and the Child", investing the profits from the lectures in providing educational materials for those who could not afford them.
Legacy
In 1951, Casson received an OBE for their work establish Dorset House and was also elected a fellow of the World Federation of Occupational Therapists. They were considered a pioneer in the field of occupational therapy. They died in Bristol on 17December 1954 after suffering with anaemia. The funeral was held on 22December 1954 at St Andrew's Church, Backwell.
The College of Occupational Therapists holds a memorial lecture in Casson's name and the Callington Road Hospital in Bristol has a psychiatric intensive care unit named after them More recently a beautiful pink rose has been named in their honour and planted in the Red Cross Rose Garden in London.
References
External links
1881 births
1954 deaths
20th-century English medical doctors
Alumni of the University of Bristol
People from Denbigh
Occupational therapists
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Shape context is a feature descriptor used in object recognition. Serge Belongie and Jitendra Malik proposed the term in their paper "Matching with Shape Contexts" in 2000.
Theory
The shape context is intended to be a way of describing shapes that allows for measuring shape similarity and the recovering of point correspondences. The basic idea is to pick n points on the contours of a shape. For each point pi on the shape, consider the n − 1 vectors obtained by connecting pi to all other points. The set of all these vectors is a rich description of the shape localized at that point but is far too detailed. The key idea is that the distribution over relative positions is a robust, compact, and highly discriminative descriptor. So, for the point pi, the coarse histogram of the relative coordinates of the remaining n − 1 points,
is defined to be the shape context of . The bins are normally taken to be uniform in log-polar space. The fact that the shape context is a rich and discriminative descriptor can be seen in the figure below, in which the shape contexts of two different versions of the letter "A" are shown.
(a) and (b) are the sampled edge points of the two shapes. (c) is the diagram of the log-polar bins used to compute the shape context. (d) is the shape context for the point marked with a circle in (a), (e) is that for the point marked as a diamond in (b), and (f) is that for the triangle. As can be seen, since (d) and (e) are the shape contexts for two closely related points, they are quite similar, while the shape context in (f) is very different.
For a feature descriptor to be useful, it needs to have certain invariances. In particular it needs to be invariant to translation, scaling, small perturbations, and, depending on the application, rotation. Translational invariance comes naturally to shape context. Scale invariance is obtained by normalizing all radial distances by the mean distance between all the point pairs in the shape although the median distance can also be used. Shape contexts are empirically demonstrated to be robust to deformations, noise, and outliers using synthetic point set matching experiments.
One can provide complete rotational invariance in shape contexts. One way is to measure angles at each point relative to the direction of the tangent at that point (since the points are chosen on edges). This results in a completely rotationally invariant descriptor. But of course this is not always desired since some local features lose their discriminative power if not measured relative to the same frame. Many applications in fact forbid rotational invariance e.g. distinguishing a "6" from a "9".
Use in shape matching
A complete system that uses shape contexts for shape matching consists of the following steps (which will be covered in more detail in the Details of Implementation section):
Randomly select a set of points that lie on the edges of a known shape and another set of points on an unknown shape.
Compute the shape context of each point found in step 1.
Match each point from the known shape to a point on an unknown shape. To minimize the cost of matching, first choose a transformation (e.g. affine, thin plate spline, etc.) that warps the edges of the known shape to the unknown (essentially aligning the two shapes). Then select the point on the unknown shape that most closely corresponds to each warped point on the known shape.
Calculate the "shape distance" between each pair of points on the two shapes. Use a weighted sum of the shape context distance, the image appearance distance, and the bending energy (a measure of how much transformation is required to bring the two shapes into alignment).
To identify the unknown shape, use a nearest-neighbor classifier to compare its shape distance to shape distances of known objects.
Details of implementation
Step 1: Finding a list of points on shape edges
The approach assumes that the shape of an object is essentially captured by a finite subset of the points on the internal or external contours on the object. These can be simply obtained using the Canny edge detector and picking a random set of points from the edges. Note that these points need not and in general do not correspond to key-points such as maxima of curvature or inflection points. It is preferable to sample the shape with roughly uniform spacing, though it is not critical.
Step 2: Computing the shape context
This step is described in detail in the Theory section.
Step 3: Computing the cost matrix
Consider two points p and q that have normalized K-bin histograms (i.e. shape contexts) g(k) and h(k). As shape contexts are distributions represented as histograms, it is natural to use the χ2 test statistic as the "shape context cost" of matching the two points:
The values of this range from 0 to 1.
In addition to the shape context cost, an extra cost based on the appearance can be added. For instance, it could be a measure of tangent angle dissimilarity (particularly useful in digit recognition):
This is half the length of the chord in unit circle between the unit vectors with angles and . Its values also range from 0 to 1. Now the total cost of matching the two points could be a weighted-sum of the two costs:
Now for each point pi on the first shape and a point qj on the second shape, calculate the cost as described and call it Ci,j. This is the cost matrix.
Step 4: Finding the matching that minimizes total cost
Now, a one-to-one matching pi that matches each point pi on shape 1 and qj on shape 2 that minimizes the total cost of matching,
is needed. This can be done in time using the Hungarian method, although there are more efficient algorithms.
To have robust handling of outliers, one can add "dummy" nodes that have a constant but reasonably large cost of matching to the cost matrix. This would cause the matching algorithm to match outliers to a "dummy" if there is no real match.
Step 5: Modeling transformation
Given the set of correspondences between a finite set of points on the two shapes, a transformation can be estimated to map any point from one shape to the other. There are several choices for this transformation, described below.
Affine
The affine model is a standard choice: . The least squares solution for the matrix and the translational offset vector o is obtained by:
Where with a similar expression for . is the pseudoinverse of .
Thin plate spline
The thin plate spline (TPS) model is the most widely used model for transformations when working with shape contexts. A 2D transformation can be separated into two TPS function to model a coordinate transform:
where each of the ƒx and ƒy have the form:
and the kernel function is defined by . The exact details of how to solve for the parameters can be found elsewhere but it essentially involves solving a linear system of equations. The bending energy (a measure of how much transformation is needed to align the points) will also be easily obtained.
Regularized TPS
The TPS formulation above has exact matching requirement for the pairs of points on the two shapes. For noisy data, it is best to relax this exact requirement. If we let denote the target function values at corresponding locations (Note that for , would the x-coordinate of the point corresponding to and for it would be the y-coordinate, ), relaxing the requirement amounts to minimizing
where is the bending energy and is called the regularization parameter. This ƒ that minimizes H[ƒ] can be found in a fairly straightforward way. If one uses normalize coordinates for , then scale invariance is kept. However, if one uses the original non-normalized coordinates, then the regularization parameter needs to be normalized.
Note that in many cases, regardless of the transformation used, the initial estimate of the correspondences contains some errors which could reduce the quality of the transformation. If we iterate the steps of finding correspondences and estimating transformations (i.e. repeating steps 2–5 with the newly transformed shape) we can overcome this problem. Typically, three iterations are all that is needed to obtain reasonable results.
Step 6: Computing the shape distance
Now, a shape distance between two shapes and . This distance is going to be a weighted sum of three potential terms:
Shape context distance: this is the symmetric sum of shape context matching costs over best matching points:
where T(·) is the estimated TPS transform that maps the points in Q to those in P.
Appearance cost: After establishing image correspondences and properly warping one image to match the other, one can define an appearance cost as the sum of squared brightness differences in Gaussian windows around corresponding image points:
where and are the gray-level images ( is the image after warping) and is a Gaussian windowing function.
Transformation cost: The final cost measures how much transformation is necessary to bring the two images into alignment. In the case of TPS, it is assigned to be the bending energy.
Now that we have a way of calculating the distance between two shapes, we can use a nearest neighbor classifier (k-NN) with distance defined as the shape distance calculated here. The results of applying this to different situations is given in the following section.
Results
Digit recognition
The authors Serge Belongie and Jitendra Malik tested their approach on the MNIST database. Currently, more than 50 algorithms have been tested on the database. The database has a training set of 60,000 examples, and a test set of 10,000 examples. The error rate for this approach was 0.63% using 20,000 training examples and 3-NN. At the time of publication, this error rate was the lowest. Currently, the lowest error rate is 0.18%.
Silhouette similarity-based retrieval
The authors experimented with the MPEG-7 shape silhouette database, performing Core Experiment CE-Shape-1 part B, which measures performance of similarity-based retrieval. The database has 70 shape categories and 20 images per shape category. Performance of a retrieval scheme is tested by using each image as a query and counting the number of correct images in the top 40 matches. For this experiment, the authors increased the number of points sampled from each shape. Also, since the shapes in the database sometimes were rotated or flipped, the authors took defined the distance between a reference shape and query shape to be minimum shape distance between the query shape and either the unchanged reference, the vertically flipped, or the reference horizontally flipped. With these changes, they obtained a retrieval rate of 76.45%, which in 2002 was the best.
3D object recognition
The next experiment performed on shape contexts involved the 20 common household objects in the Columbia Object Image Library (COIL-20). Each object has 72 views in the database. In the experiment, the method was trained on a number of equally spaced views for each object and the remaining views were used for testing. A 1-NN classifier was used. The authors also developed an editing algorithm based on shape context similarity and k-medoid clustering that improved on their performance.
Trademark retrieval
Shape contexts were used to retrieve the closest matching trademarks from a database to a query trademark (useful in detecting trademark infringement). No visually similar trademark was missed by the algorithm (verified manually by the authors).
External links
Matching with Shape Contexts
MNIST database of handwritten digits
Columbia Object Image Library (COIL-20)
Caltech101 Database
Character recognition with Shape Context
References
Computer vision
Bozhüyük is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Solicito "Mike" Salvador, originally Salvadore Sollecito (1869–1924), was a leader and innovator in the Florida shrimping industry in Fernandina Beach, Florida.  They are listed as a Great Floridian.
Born in 1869, Sollecito Salvatore came from Syracuse, Sicily, as a merchant seaman aboard an Italian freighter forced by a hurricane to lay over at the Port of Fernandina in Fernandina, Florida.
Salvador came to New Orleans in 1895 on a banana boat. They traveled to Cedar Key and then Fernandina in 1898 by train. They first worked as an interpreter, fishing part-time. Then they got into shrimping. They experimented with preservatives so shrimp could be shipped and tried canning. They used large shrimp shipments to secure refrigerated car lots and used haul seines to increase catch size. As others copied their innovations, the local industry expanded and corollary businesses such as boat building prospered. They used modified otter trawl nets to greatly expand the catch and make use of deeper waters. They and their brother-in-law, Salvatore Versaggi, expanded operations to St. Augustine, Florida. Salvador founded the Salvador Fish Company in 1906 and by 1921 was shipping across the U.S. and internationally to countries including Canada and Denmark. They died in 1924.
A blue plaque commemorating Salvador is located at the site of their family residence at 20 South 4th Street in Fernandina Beach.
References
Further reading
Sollecito 'Mike' Salvador Story; Birthplace of the Modern Shrimping Industry by Helen Gordon Litrico
1869 births
1924 deaths
Italian emigrants to the United States
People from Fernandina Beach, Florida
NGC 3489 is a lenticular galaxy located in the constellation Leo. It is located at a distance of circa 30 million light years from Earth, which, given its apparent dimensions, means that NGC 3489 is about 30,000 light years across. It was discovered by William Herschel on April 8, 1784. NGC 3489 is a member of the Leo Group.
NGC 3489 has a weak bar, seen along the minor axis, and a small bulge. The age of the stellar population in NGC 3489 shows a gradient, with the younger stars lying closer to the core. When observed in H-beta, the central arcsecond of NGC 3489 shows a peak, indicating the presence of younger stars at the core, whose age is estimated to be about 1.7 Gys. Although currently NGC 3489 is considered a post-starburst galaxy, there is still molecular gas in the nucleus that can lead to star formation, although its mass is less than what is found in galaxies with active star formation. In the nuclear region of NGC 3489 has been observed dust with an open spiral pattern. The galaxy has an outer ring structure, with a diameter of 1.54 arcminutes along the major axis.
NGC 3489 has an active galactic nucleus, which has been categorised based on its spectrum as a type 2 Seyfert galaxy or, based on the nuclear [O I] emission strength, which lies between that of H II nuclei and LINER, a transition object. This kind of transition emission could be attributed to post AGB stars located in the core. A supermassive black hole which accretes material in the centre of the galaxy is believed to be the cause of nuclear activity. In the centre of NGC 3489 lies a black hole with estimated mass based on velocity dispersion.
Gallery
References
External links
NGC 3489 on SIMBAD
Lenticular galaxies
Leo (constellation)
M96 Group
3489
6082
33160
Astronomical objects discovered in 1784
Discoveries by William Herschel
The Heritage Village was created in 1997 in Al Shindagha Historical Neighborhood in Dubai, close to the Diving Village, to embrace the heritage events and to display a live image of the old traditional life in the UAE. It represents the components of wild, marine, and mountain life, where the visitor can identify closely the old traditional customs of the country and the special characteristics of old houses, handicrafts, patterns, and forms of living. It is owned and managed by Dubai Culture & Arts Authority. Working hours at Dubai Heritage Village are Sunday to Thursday, 8:00- 22:00, Friday and Saturday from 3:00 to 22:00.
External links
Heritage Village, Dubai Culture & Arts Authority
Buildings and structures in Dubai
Open-air museums in the United Arab Emirates
Willem Eduard Bok, Jr. (1 January 1880 in Pretoria, South African Republic – 29 October 1956 in Pretoria, Union of South Africa) was a South African lawyer, statesman and judge of Dutch descent.
Biography
Career
Bok studied law in England, before setting up a law practice in their home town of Pretoria. They were the private secretary of general Louis Botha. Later in life Bok became a justice of the Supreme Court of the Union of South Africa.
Family
Bok was the eldest son of Willem Eduard Bok (1846–1904), State Secretary of the South African Republic, and Martina Gerardina Johanna Eekhout (1856–1910).
They married in Pretoria 19 December 1907 with Maria Everdina Jacoba Kleyn (1880–1975), with whom they had four children.
References
Notes
Literature
1880 births
1956 deaths
People from Pretoria
South African people of Dutch descent
South African judges
20th-century South African lawyers
20th-century South African politicians
Homer E. Harris Jr. (March 4, 1916 – March 17, 2007) was an American college football player and coach. They attended the University of Iowa, where they played as an end and tackle and became the first African-American captain of a Big Ten Conference team. Harris served as head football coach at North Carolina A&T State University in Greensboro, North Carolina from 1939 to 1940, compiling a record of 8–7–3.
Born in Seattle, they became the first black captain of the football team at Seattle's Garfield High School. At Iowa, they were the MVP of the 1936 Iowa Hawkeyes football team as a junior and captain of the 1937 Iowa Hawkeyes football team as senior. named an All-Big Ten Conference three years in a row.
Harris went to Meharry Medical College in Nashville and practiced as a dermatologist, first in Chicago and then their hometown of Seattle from 1954 to 2000. They were inducted into the Hawkeyes' Hall of Fame in 2002 and had a Seattle park named after them the same year. Harris died on March 17, 2007, at their home in the Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle, after suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
Head coaching record
References
1916 births
2007 deaths
20th-century American physicians
American dermatologists
American football ends
American football tackles
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
North Carolina A&T Aggies football coaches
Garfield High School (Seattle) alumni
Meharry Medical College alumni
Coaches of American football from Washington (state)
Players of American football from Seattle
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Thirukkovaiyar is a Shivite work composed by Manikkavacakar. Dated to the 9th century CE, the work is part of the 12-volume Tirumurai and, along with Thiruvasakam, is traditionally placed as the 8th volume of the Tirumurai. The work is also known as "Tiruchitrambalakkovaiyar."
The work
Known as "Aaranam" among Shivite scholars, which translates to "Vedas," the work consists of 400 verses. The work is divided into 25 chapters. On a superficial view, the work may appear as part of the Tamil akam genre of poetry. The work was sung entirely in Thillai Chidambaram.
Translations
In 1921, an English translation of Manikkavacakar's hymns was done by Francis Kingsbury and GE Phillips, both of United Theological College, Bangalore (Edited by Fred Goodwill) and published in a book as Hymns of the Tamil Śaivite Saints, by the Oxford University Press
References
External links
Shaivam.org
Ecstasy of Spirit: Recital by Siddhar Maha Siva Swamy & benediction
Hymns
Shaiva texts
Shaivism
Tamil-language literature
Bhakti movement
Valérie Favre (born 1959, Evilard, Switzerland) is a Berlin-based artist. Since 2006 they are Professor of painting at the Universität der Künste in Berlin.
Background
Valérie Favre grew up in the Swiss canton of Berne. Having worked as a stage designer and actor at the theater in Paris in the early 1980s they soon turned to the field of painting. After 18 years in France, where they became a well-known and successful visual artist, they finally moved to Berlin in 1998.
History of works 1989–2010
During their career, Favre's works have grown in a series of interconnected cycles, showing references to the different fields of art history, geopolicy, philosophy, theater and film as well as their interest in narration in general.
1989-1990 Period of the paintings Périmètre
1991-1994 Period of white paintings
1992-1994 Creation of objects
1994-1996 works in sound, Robe Rouge, first work of the series Balls and Tunnels
1996-1997 works after Pontormo, Velázquez, Watteau, Géricault
1998 Filets a souvenir
1999 Les soeurs malades, beginning of series Lapine Univers
2000 Series of Intérieurs, Petite filles
2001 Series of Excercices de vols
2002-2004 series Autos dans la nuit, series Forêt, beginning of ongoing suicide- series, beginning of series Idiotinnen
2005-2007 series Bruder Grimm and Columbia Variations, beginning of shortcuts series
2008 Kakerlaken, Autoscooter, Redescription
2008-2011 triptychs: series Volière and series Stage
Exhibition history
Favre's work has been exhibited internationally in museums such as K21, Düsseldorf, Germany (2010/2011); Kunstmuseum Lucerne, Switzerland (2009/2010); Carré d'Art Nîmes, France (2009); Centre Georges Pompidou Paris, France (2009); Haus am Waldsee, Berlin, Germany (2006); Westfälischer Kunstverein Münster, Germany (2004); Musée de Picardie Amiens, France (2003); FRAC Auvergne, France (1999).
Favre is represented by the following galleries: Galerie Barbara Thumm, Berlin, Germany; Galerie Jocelyn Wolff, Paris, France, Susanne Vielmetter, Los Angeles, USA, and Galerie Peter Kilchmann, Zurich.
Publications
“Valérie Favre - Visions”, exh. cat. Carré d'Art Nîmes, Kunstmuseum Luzern, texts by Beatrice von Bismarck, Claire Brunet, Jürgen Harten, Jaqueline Lichtenstein, Hatje Cantz, Ostfildern 2009
“Valérie Favre - Der dritte Bruder Grimm”, exh. cat. Haus am Waldsee, texts by Katja Blomberg, Alexander Koch, Revolver, Frankfurt 2006
“Valérie Favre - Mise en Scène”, exh. cat. Westfälischer Kunstverein Münster, texts by Valérie Favre, Carina Plath, Gregor Jansen, Verlag für moderne Kunst Nürnberg, Nürnberg 2004
“Valérie Favre - Forêts”, exh. cat. Musée de Picardie, texts by Sylvie Couderc, Kerstin Grübmeyer, Amiens 2003
“Valérie Favre - Sophie et Patrick”, exh. cat. L'Espal, Centre Culturel, text by Marion Casanova, Le Mans 2001
“Range ta Chambre”, exh. cat. Centre d'Art Contemporain de Basse Normandie, Herouville Saint-Clair 1994
References
External links
artist homepage on www.valeriefavre.net
Barbara Thumm www.bthumm.de in Berlin, Germany
Jocelyn Wolff www.galeriewolff.com in Paris, France
Susanne Vielmetter www.vielmetter.com in Los Angeles
Valérie Favre on Art net
Valérie Favre on Art News
http://www.berliner-zeitung.de/berlin/ausstellung-val-rie-favre-in-berlin-welt-theater-mit-kassandra,10809148,30725168.html
,
,
1959 births
Living people
Berlin University of the Arts faculty
People from Biel/Bienne District
Swiss women painters
Swiss contemporary artists
20th-century Swiss painters
21st-century Swiss painters
20th-century Swiss women artists
21st-century Swiss women artists
The Women's 5000m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 12 at 15:25 local time.
Results
References
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships
World
Stomatella terminalis, common name the pointed false ear, is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.
Description
(Original description by Joseph Verco) The height of the shell is 5.75 mm, its diameter 3 mm. The minute, thin shell has an oblong-oval shape with parallel sides parallel. The shell contains four whorls and an inconspicuous, terminal spire. Its surface is smooth and polished but for microscopic accremental lines. There are no spiral striae or incisions, except microscopic, on the base of the body whorl. Its colour is white, with crowded spiral bands of crescentic white and dark and reddish-brown spots and blotches. The radula has the following formula: ~ 1 (5.1.5).1 .~ 36 rows.
The ornament varies greatly. The shell may be blotched pink and white, and there may be numerous fine spiral, hair-like, dark lines. It was formerly Gena terminalis.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to Australia and occurs off South Australia.
References
Cotton, B.C. 1959. South Australian Mollusca. Archaeogastropoda. Handbook of the Flora and Fauna of South Australia. Adelaide : South Australian Government Printer 449 pp
Wilson, B. 1993. Australian Marine Shells. Prosobranch Gastropods. Kallaroo, Western Australia : Odyssey Publishing Vol. 1 408 pp.
terminalis
Gastropods of Australia
Gastropods described in 1905
Johan Ibo (born 19 September 1985 in Atamali, Papua, Indonesia) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PS Barito Putera in the Indonesia Super League.
Their brother Andri Ibo is also a professional footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League.
References
External links
1985 births
Association football defenders
Living people
Indonesian footballers
Liga 1 (Indonesia) players
Pelita Jaya FC players
Persebaya Surabaya players
Arema F.C. players
Sportspeople from Papua
Warwick Raymond Parer, AM (6 April 193614 March 2014) was an Australian politician who served as a Senator for Queensland from 1984 to 2000. They were a member of the Liberal Party and served as Minister for Resources and Energy in the Howard Government from 1996 to 1998.
Early life
Parer was born in Wau in the Australian-administered Territory of New Guinea (present-day Papua New Guinea). Their uncle Damien Parer was a war photographer who was killed by the Japanese in 1944. Parer was educated at St. Joseph's Nudgee College in Brisbane and at the University of Melbourne, where they received a Bachelor of Commerce.
Politics
Parer became a member of the Senate in 1985. Following the announcement of the 1987 Senate election results, Parer was one of four senators who received a six-year term as a consequence of which method was chosen to allocate the seats.
From March 1996 to October 1998, Parer was Minister for Resources and Energy in John Howard's government. They retired from the Senate on 11 February 2000, and their vacant seat was taken by George Brandis under Section 15 of the Australian Constitution.
Parer was president of the Queensland Liberal Party from 2006 until February 2008.
Other activities
They were chair of the Coalition of Australian Governments Independent Energy Review Panel and a member of the Governing Council of the Old Parliament House (Qld).
They were appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in 2005.
They were also appointed chair of the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital Foundation in 2010, and chairperson of the Board of Stanwell Corporation Limited in May 2012.
Death
Parer died on Friday 14 March 2014.
References
1936 births
2014 deaths
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian Senate for Queensland
Members of the Australian Senate
Members of the Order of Australia
20th-century Australian politicians
People from Morobe Province
Australian mining businesspeople
The Conquérant was originally launched in 1746 on a design by François Coulomb the Younger. They were taken out of service in March 1764 and rebuilt at Brest as a 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.
Career
In 1778, Conquérant was under Monteil, part of the Third division in the Blue squadron of the fleet under Orvilliers. They took part in the Battle of Ushant on 27 July 1778, where Monteil was wounded.
On 2 May 1780, they departed Brest with the 7-ship and 3-frigate Expédition Particulière under Admiral Ternay, escorting 36 transports carrying troops to support the Continental Army in the War of American Independence. The squadron comprised the 80-gun Duc de Bourgogne, under Ternay d'Arsac (admiral) and Médine (flag captain); the 74-gun Neptune, under Sochet Des Touches, and Conquérant, under La Grandière; and the 64-gun Provence under Lombard, Ardent under Bernard de Marigny, Jason under La Clocheterie and Éveillé under Le Gardeur de Tilly, and the frigates Surveillante under Villeneuve Cillart, Amazone under La Pérouse, and Bellone. Amazone, which constituted the vanguard of the fleet, arrived at Boston on 11 June 1780.
They took part in the Battle of the Nile, where they were armed with only 18- and 12-pounders, and crewed by a mere 400 men, under captain Dalbarade. Second ship in the vanguard of their line, Conquérant sustained fire from the passing British ships sailing to attack the centre of the French fleet. They were particularly targeted by HMS Audacious and Goliath, who reduced them to a hulk before 19:00. Immobilised, hopelessly overgunned and undermanned, their captain mortally wounded, Conquérant struck their colours and was seized by a boarding party from Audacious.
They were subsequently recommissioned in the Royal Navy under the same name.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Naval Database
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Citoyen-class ships of the line
1746 ships
Heptameter is a type of meter where each line of verse contains seven metrical feet. It was used frequently in Classical prosody, and in English, the line was used frequently in narrative poetry since the Romantics. The meter is also called septenary, and this is the most common form for medieval Latin and vernacular verse, including the Ormulum. Its first use in English is possibly the Poema Morale of the twelfth/thirteenth century.
An example from Lord Byron's Youth and Age:
'Tis but as ivy-leaves around the ruin'd turret wreathe,
All green and wildly fresh without, but worn and gray beneath.
O could I feel as I have felt, or be what I have been,
Or weep as I could once have wept o'er many a Danish'd scene,-
As springs in deserts found seem sweet, all brackish though they be,
So midst the wither'd waste of life, those tears would flow to me!
An example from Edgar Allan Poe's Annabel Lee:
It was many and many a year ago, In a kingdom by the sea,
That a maiden there lived whom you may know by the name of Annabel Lee;
And this maiden they lived with no other thought than to love and be loved by me.
An example from Robert W. Service's The Cremation of Sam McGee:
Now Sam | McGee | was from Tenn|essee, | where the co|tton blooms | and blows.(A)
Why they left their home in the South to roam 'round the Pole, God only knows. (A)
They were always cold, but the land of gold seemed to hold them like a spell; (B)
Though he'd often say in their homely way that "he'd sooner live in hell." (B)
See also
Fourteener (poetry)
Archilochian
References
Types of verses
Lars Lalin (1729–1785), was a Swedish musician, playwright and opera singer. They were a hovsångare and a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music (1771). They were engaged at the Royal Swedish Opera in 1773–1783.
References
Lalin, Lars Samuel i Nordisk familjebok (andra upplagan, 1911)
1729 births
1785 deaths
18th-century Swedish male opera singers
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music
18th-century Swedish writers
Embryo is a 1976 American science fiction horror film directed by Ralph Nelson starring Rock Hudson, Barbara Carrera, and Diane Ladd with a cameo appearance by Roddy McDowall. It deals with the mental and physical consequences of growing a human embryo in an artificial uterus. The film is in the public domain.
Plot
Dr. Paul Holliston (Rock Hudson) is a geneticist who has been living alone in their rambling clinic, which they operate out of their home, after losing their wife in a car crash. This leads to their feeling constant pangs of guilt from their sister-in-law Martha Douglas (Diane Ladd), who has become their assistant.
One night, Holliston runs over a pregnant Doberman Pinscher. The dog is fatally injured, but Holliston manages to save one of their unborn puppies by gestating it in an artificial uterus. Because the device still requires nutrients to be supplied by the mother, they must drastically shorten the gestation period: to this end, they use an experimental growth hormone made from human placental lactogen, which speeds up the embryo's growth. The dog grows to adult size in a few days, and Holliston passes it off as the mother to disguise their secret experiments. Thanks to the serum, it learns incredibly fast and soon becomes a well-trained dog. However, Holliston fails to notice that the animal's aggression is increasing commensurately: while they are out on an errand, it kills an annoying small dog and conceals the carcass.
Eager to use their discovery for the good of humankind, Holliston applies the same technique to an unborn human extracted from a suicide victim. However, the subject's cells age uncontrollably, so Holliston uses the drug methotrexate to counter the effect. It works, and the embryo grows into an 22 year-old woman they name Victoria (Barbara Carrera).
Holliston educates Victoria, and they soon gathers photographic encyclopedic knowledge of science, literature and culture. They begin introducing them to their friends and coworkers as a University of Colorado graduate, and they wow them with a riveting game of chess against chess champion Riley (Roddy McDowall), infuriating them when they deliberately let them win the final move at Holliston's subtle urging. Holliston completes Victoria's education by engaging in sex with them at their encouragement.
Soon afterwards, Victoria discovers the rapid aging of their cells has resumed and becomes addicted to the methotrexate to stave off their deterioration. Thanks to a chance meeting with the manager of Teletex International computer systems at a party, Victoria is able to access the most advanced computer system in the state which informs them that they can counter the aging with pituitary gland extract from a 5 to 6 month old human fetus. In addition, Martha has grown jealous of Victoria's success, and finds out the University of Colorado has never heard of them Before they leaf for Minneapolis, Victoria decides to poison Martha with methotrexate in order to keep their origin secret. Shortly after Martha's departure, Holliston is informed of their fatal heart attack.
Holliston leaves to meet with Martha's coroner. Meanwhile, Victoria destroys all of Holliston's research records and tapes concerning their experiments. Victoria murders a prostitute to get their unborn child. However, the records indicated the child was already dead in the womb and unviable for their needs. When the autopsy reveals that Martha's death may have been a homicide, Holliston hurries home and alerts their son Gordon to meet them there to go after Victoria. They find Victoria, now middle-aged, having surgically removed their daughter-in-law Helen's baby. When they attempt to capture them they stab and kills Gordon, sending the gestating tank containing the baby crashing to the floor.
Now determined to kill Victoria, Holliston gets in a car chase after them When a now-elderly Victoria crashes their car, Holliston pulls them out to finish them off, but paramedics intervene and discover the geriatric victim is in labor. As they are being carried away, they reveal that they are pregnant with their baby, causing Holliston to cry out for their death in despair. As the scene fades to black, the cry of a newborn child is heard.
Cast
See also
List of films in the public domain in the United States
References
AOL Video entry
External links
1976 films
1976 horror films
1970s English-language films
1970s pregnancy films
1970s science fiction horror films
American body horror films
American pregnancy films
American science fiction horror films
Films about rapid human age change
Films directed by Ralph Nelson
Films scored by Gil Mellé
1970s American films
Goranba is a locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Goranba had a population of 187 people.
Geography
The Glenmorgan railway line traverses the locality from east (Weranga) to west (Tara) and is served by Goranba railway station ().
History
The name Goranba is an Aboriginal word referring to a fight over ownership of a tree.
Goranba Provisional School opened February 1925 in a newly constructed hall. In July 1929 it was decided to combine the schools at Perthton and Goranba in single location. In December 1929, the school building at Perthton was relocated to Goranba to establish Goranba State School on a new . It was located north of the Goranba railway station on the north-east corner of Goranba Lane and Crosbies Road (). It closed circa 1941. In March 1943 the community requested that the Goranba school building be relocated to Warra-Kogan Road near the Myra Meadows property, a site donated by Andrew Watt Adams, which was approved in October 1943.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Ushiroyama Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 2.1 km2. The dam impounds about 6 ha of land when full and can store 410 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on and completed in 1951.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Çaltı is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Eusuchia is a clade of crocodylomorphs that first appeared in the Early Cretaceous with Hylaeochampsa. Along with Dyrosauridae and Sebecosuchia, they were the only crocodyliformes who survived the K-T extinction. Since the other two clades died out 47 and 11 million years ago respectively, all living crocodilian species are eusuchians, as are many extinct forms.
Definition
Eusuchia was originally defined by Thomas Henry Huxley in 1875 as an apomorphy-based group, meaning that it was defined by shared characteristics rather than relations. These characteristics include pterygoid-bounded choanae and vertebrae which are procoelous (concave from the front and convex from the back). The possibility that these traits may have been convergently evolved in different groups of neosuchians rather than one lineage spurred some modern paleontologists to revise the group's definition to make it defined solely by relations. In 1999, Christopher Brochu redefined Eusuchia as "the last common ancestor of Hylaeochampsa and Crocodylia and all of its descendants". In this definition, "Crocodylia" specifically refers to descendants of the common ancestor of the three modern lineages of eusuchians: Gavialoidea (gharials), Alligatoroidea (alligators and caimans), and Crocodyloidea (crocodiles). Whether certain families or genera qualify as basal eusuchians or non-eusuchian neosuchians is a matter of debate over which definition is used for the group. At least one genus, Isisfordia, would qualify as a eusuchian under Huxley's definition of the group but would not necessarily qualify under Brochu's definition.
Description
Unlike primitive crocodylomorphs, crocodyliforms have secondary bony palates. This feature enables living crocodylians to safely breathe in through their nostrils while the rest of the head (including the mouth) remains submerged. This structure reaches its greatest elaboration among eusuchians, in which the internal nares are completely surrounded by the pterygoid bones.
Phylogeny
A 2018 tip dating study by Lee & Yates using both molecular, morphological and stratigraphic data recovered the cladogram below:
A 2021 Rio & Mannion phylogenetic study using a heavily modified morphological data set recovered the cladogram below:
References
Neosuchians
Buha is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Aleksa Buha (born 1939), Serbian philosopher
Aljoša Buha (1962–1988), Bosnian musician
Boško Buha (1926–1943), Yugoslav Partisan
Jason Buha (born 1975), American golfer
See also
Serbian surnames
Khakhara or Khkhra is a village in Sahabganj, Chandauli, Uttar Pradesh, India. The first gram ("village") pradhan of the village is Shri Lalji Singh. Paddy and wheat are the main crops grown there.
References
Villages in Chandauli district
A Secret Life may refer to:
A Secret Life (film), a 1999 American film
A Secret Life (album), a 1995 album by Marianne Faithfull
A Secret Life (book), a 2011 book
See also
Secret Life (disambiguation)
The Battle of Thermae was a field engagement during the First Punic War that took place in 259 BC near Thermae on the northern coast of Sicily. The Carthaginian general Hamilcar surprised and defeated 6,000 allied troops of Rome.
Separated from the main Roman force of 20,000 men due to disagreements, the allies were attacked and crushed near Thermae, losing 4,000–6,000 killed. Hamilcar went on to capture Enna and Camarina in the aftermath.
Prelude
Hamilcar, the commander of the Carthaginian land forces in Sicily, had stationed their army near Panormus. They received word that the Romans and their allies, with a total force of 20,000 men, quarreled over their accomplishments in battle, and that the 6,000 allies were isolated in their encampment between Paropus and Thermae.
Battle
Hamilcar attacked the Roman allies with their entire army of 50,000, taking by surprise the allies, who were preparing to move out. Some 4,000–6,000 allies were killed.
Aftermath
Hamilcar exploited their victory to capture Enna and Camarina that same year with the aid of traitors in the two cities.
Citations
Bibliography
Thermae
Thermae
Thermae
Thermae
Will Joseph (May 10, 1877 – 1959) was a Welsh international rugby union player. They were a member of the winning Welsh team who beat the 1905 touring All Blacks. They played club rugby for Swansea and county rugby for Glamorgan.
Joseph was seen as the outstanding forward of the early 20th century Swansea team, during an excellent period in the 'All Whites' history. They were recognised as a strong player in tight scrums and due to their height, excellent in line outs.
International career
Wales
Joseph made their debut for Wales against England at Blackheath in 1902 at the age of 23. Joseph played in three Triple Crowns winning campaigns, but their greatest moment on the field was when they played against the touring 1905 All Blacks in the famous Match of the Century. Joseph's international career fell apart in 1906 after a match against the touring Springboks. Although having played with great merit in an earlier match against South Africa with county side Glamorgan; in which they scored a try, Joseph was dropped after the international game. The Welsh pack in that game was dreadful and the selection committee decided to change the entire Welsh pack, regardless of individual play. Joseph's Wales career ended after 16 caps at the age of 28.
International games played
England 1902, 1903, 1904, 1905, 1906
Ireland 1902, 1903, 1905, 1906
New Zealand 1905
Scotland 1902, 1903, 1904, 1905, 1906
South Africa 1906
Bibliography
References
1877 births
1959 deaths
Glamorgan County RFC players
Rugby union players from Morriston
Rugby union props
Swansea RFC players
Wales international rugby union players
Welsh rugby union players
Thierry Alimondo (born 22 July 1963) is a French water polo player. They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
French male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of France
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
People from Antony, Hauts-de-Seine
Sportspeople from Hauts-de-Seine
Wilson Phillips is the debut album by American vocal group Wilson Phillips, released in 1990 by SBK Records.
The album was enormously successful in the U.S. where it peaked at #2 on the LP chart for ten weeks starting August 4, 1990. Overall, the album spent 125 weeks on the charts, including one year in the top 10. The album and its singles earned the group four Grammy Award nominations including Album of the Year, Song of the Year and Best New Artist.
The album has sold five million copies in the United States and over eight million worldwide.
Five singles were released from the album, with "Hold On", "Release Me" and "You're in Love" all hitting number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. "Impulsive" reached number four, and the fifth single "The Dream Is Still Alive" peaked at number 12.
Track listing
Personnel
Wilson Phillips
Chynna Phillips – lead vocals (1, 2, 5–7, 9, 10), backing vocals
Carnie Wilson – lead vocals (4, 6, 9, 10), backing vocals
Wendy Wilson – lead vocals (3, 8), backing vocals
Musicians
Glen Ballard – keyboards (1, 2, 4–10), rhythm arrangements (1, 2, 4–10)
Randy Kerber – keyboards (1, 2, 4–10)
Clif Magness – keyboards (3), rhythm guitar (3), arrangements (3)
Bill Payne – organ (3, 10)
Michael Landau – guitar (1, 2, 4–6, 8–10)
Joe Walsh – additional rhythm guitar (1, 7), rhythm guitar (3), slide guitar solo (3)
Steve Lukather – rhythm guitar (7), guitar solo (7, 9)
Basil Fung – rhythm guitar (10)
Jimmy Johnson – bass (1–4, 6–9)
Abraham Laboriel – bass (5)
Neil Stubenhaus – bass (10)
John Robinson – drums
Paulinho da Costa – percussion
Vocals arranged by Glen Ballard and Wilson Phillips
Production
Executive producer – Charles Koppelman
Produced by Glen Ballard
Recorded and mixed by Francis Buckley
Additional recording – Glen Ballard, Tom Biener, Francis Buckley, Julie Last, Clif Magness, Gabriel Moffat and Rail Jon Rogut
Second engineers – Dan Bosworth, Rick Butz, Daryll Dobson and Bill Malina
Mixed at Garden Rake Studio (Sherman Oaks, California)
Mastered by Bernie Grundman at Bernie Grundman Mastering (Hollywood)
Design – Mark Larson
Cover photography – Timothy White
Inside photography – Alberto Tallot
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
All-time charts
Certifications
References
1990 debut albums
Albums produced by Glen Ballard
Wilson Phillips albums
Spring Garden Industrial Area is a neighborhood in south Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
South Baltimore
Governor Morton may refer to:
Joseph Morton (governor) (died 1721), Governor of the Province of Carolina from 1682 to 1684, and in 1686
Julius Sterling Morton (1832–1902), Acting Governor of Nebraska in 1861
Levi P. Morton (1824–1920), 31st Governor of New York
Marcus Morton (1784–1864), 16th and 18th Governor of Massachusetts
Oliver P. Morton (1823–1877), 14th Governor of Indiana
Omnibus may refer to:
Film and television
Omnibus (film)
Omnibus (broadcast), a compilation of Radio or TV episodes
Omnibus (UK TV series), an arts-based documentary programme
Omnibus (U.S. TV series), an educational program
Omnibus (talk show), an Italian series
Literature
Omnibus edition, a collection of literary works
Omnibus Press, a book publisher
Omnibus, a Marvel Comics character associated with the Leader
Music
Albums
Omnibus (album), a 2006 album by Tarkio
Omnibus, a 2008 album by Blue Mountain
Omnibus, a 2001 album by Ruby Braff
Omnibus: The 60s Singles As and Bs, a 1999 album by The Move
Songs
"Omnibus", a song by the Move on the B-side of "Wild Tiger Woman"
"Omnibus", a song by XTC from Nonsuch
Transport
Horse-drawn omnibus or horsebus, a large, enclosed and sprung horse-drawn vehicle used for passenger transport
Motor omnibus or autobus, a road vehicle designed to carry passengers
Other uses
Omnibus, an Italian illustrated magazine (1937–1939)
Omnibus (painting), an 1892 painting by Anders Zorn
Omnibus (survey), a research method used in interviewing
OmniBus (video game), a 2016 video game
Omnibus Promotion, a sound effects company
Omnibus, a system bus on some varieties of PDP-8 computers
Omnibus, a podcast hosted by John Roderick and Ken Jennings
See also
Anthology film, a feature film consisting of several different short films
Bus (computing)
Omnibus bill, a single legislative document containing many laws or amendments
Omnibus claim, a patent claim which does not explicitly state any technical features of the product or process
Omnibus clause
Omnibus hearing
Omnibus issue, in philately
Omnibus law (Serbia), a Serbian law regarding Vojvodina
Omnibus progression, a type of harmonic sequence
Omnibus spending bill, a single legislative document that sets the budget of many government departments
Omnibus test, a type of statistical test
The man on the Clapham omnibus
Bus (disambiguation)
Omni (disambiguation)
Omnia (disambiguation)
The 1956 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State College during the 1956 NCAA University Division football season. The Maroons finished 4–6 in head coach Wade Walker's first season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
Bruce Bransby is an American double-bassist and university professor.
Performance career
Bruce Bransby began their musical career as a trombonist and pianist, but discovered their calling as a double bassist while in college at California State University Northridge. They studied with Nat Gangursky, Peter Mercurio, and Stuart Sankey. In 1971 they became principal bass of the Kansas City Philharmonic (now the Kansas City Symphony) under the direction of Jorge Mester.
In 1978 they were appointed principal bass of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, sharing the position equally with Dennis Trembly. Their time in Los Angeles coincided with the eras of Zubin Mehta, Carlo Maria Giulini, and André Previn. Mr. Bransby has been active as a chamber musician, soloist, and clinician. They premiered the "Fantasia Hungarica" for double bass and orchestra by Eugene Zador, the bass concerto by Frantizek Hertl, and numerous ensemble pieces.  They are also the composer (as Roland E. Curb) of Prelude, Valse, and Tango for double bass and piano.
Teaching career
In 1986, Bruce Bransby was appointed Professor of Double Bass at Indiana University Jacobs School of Music, Bloomington. They have also taught at California State University Northridge, the University of Missouri at Kansas City, the California Music Center, and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Institute, and has been a performing member of the faculty of the Aspen Music Festival since 1987. Their students hold positions in many symphony orchestras.
External links
retrieved 12th Jan 2011
Aspen Music Festival and School faculty
American double-bassists
Male double-bassists
Jacobs School of Music faculty
Living people
21st-century double-bassists
21st-century American male musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Aymar Aristiguieta is a Venezuelan model and pageant titleholder, born in Valencia, Venezuela on November, 1983, and grew up in Barquisimeto, Venezuela. Aristiguieta was represented the Lara state in the Miss Venezuela 2006 pageant, on September 14, 2006.
References
External links
Miss Venezuela Official Website
Miss Venezuela La Nueva Era MB
1983 births
Living people
People from Barquisimeto
People from Valencia, Venezuela
Venezuelan female models
Robert Chevis Nelson Jr. (born February 16, 1990) is an American football cornerback who is a free agent. They played college football at Louisiana–Monroe and Arizona State. They were signed by the Cleveland Browns as an undrafted free agent in 2014.
College career
Nelson attended the University of Louisiana at Monroe for two years before transferring to Arizona State University. As a senior in 2013, they were a first team All-Pac-12 selection.
Professional career
Cleveland Browns
Nelson was signed by the Cleveland Browns after going undrafted in the 2014 NFL Draft. They were released by the Browns on September 5, 2015.
Arizona Cardinals
Nelson was signed to the Arizona Cardinals' practice squad on September 7, 2015. On November 11, 2015, they were elevated to the active roster. On December 1, 2015, they were waived.
Houston Texans
Nelson was signed to the Houston Texans's practice squad on December 30, 2015. They signed a reserve/future contract with the Texans on January 11, 2016. On September 3, 2016, they were released by the Texans and was signed to the practice squad the next day. On October 13, 2016, they were promoted to the active roster.
On September 2, 2017, Nelson was waived by the Texans.
New England Patriots
On September 20, 2017, Nelson was signed to the New England Patriots' practice squad. They were released on September 25, 2017.
New York Jets
On September 26, 2017, Nelson was signed to the New York Jets' practice squad. They were promoted to the active roster on October 24, 2017. They were waived by the Jets on December 8, 2017.
Baltimore Ravens
On December 26, 2017, Nelson was signed to the Baltimore Ravens' practice squad. They signed a reserve/future contract with the Ravens on January 11, 2018. They were waived on June 11, 2018.
New Orleans Saints
On August 11, 2018, Nelson signed with the New Orleans Saints. They were waived on September 1, 2018.
Arizona Hotshots
In late 2018, Nelson joined the Arizona Hotshots of the Alliance of American Football. In the season opener against the Salt Lake Stallions, they intercepted quarterback Josh Woodrum in the first half. The league ceased operations in April 2019.
Houston Roughnecks
Nelson was drafted in the 2nd round during phase four in the 2020 XFL Draft by the Houston Roughnecks.
St. Louis BattleHawks
Nelson was traded to the St. Louis BattleHawks in exchange for offensive lineman Juwann Bushell-Beatty and cornerback Charles James on January 21, 2020. They had their contract terminated when the league suspended operations on April 10, 2020.
Montreal Alouettes
Nelson signed with the Montreal Alouettes of the CFL on June 30, 2021. They were released on July 26, 2021.
NFL statistics
References
External links
Cleveland Browns bio
Arizona State Sun Devils bio
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lakeland, Florida
Players of American football from Florida
North Gwinnett High School alumni
American football safeties
American football cornerbacks
Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks football players
Arizona State Sun Devils football players
Cleveland Browns players
Arizona Cardinals players
Houston Texans players
New England Patriots players
New York Jets players
Baltimore Ravens players
New Orleans Saints players
Arizona Hotshots players
Houston Roughnecks players
St. Louis BattleHawks players
Montreal Alouettes players
This page details the match results and statistics of the Brazil national football team from 1990 to 2009.
Key
Key to matches
Att.=Match attendance
(H)=Home ground
(A)=Away ground
(N)=Neutral ground
Key to record by opponent
Pld=Games played
W=Games won
D=Games drawn
L=Games lost
GF=Goals for
GA=Goals against
Results
Brazil's score is shown first in each case.
Record by opponent
References
Brazil national football team results
The Four Aristocrats were a popular United States musical act in the 1920s and 1930s. They were vaudeville stars and made numerous phonograph records for the Victor, and Banner record companies. The group consisted of Bert Bennet, Eddie Lewis, Tom Miller, and Fred Weber.
The group's songs appeared along with artists like Ralph Haines, Roy Smeck, Paul Whiteman's Rhythm Boys. The group appeared in early talking motion pictures, including four Vitaphone Varieties musical shorts produced by Warner Brothers and Modern Song and Syncopation (1927).
Selected discography
"Bells Of Hawaii" (1927)
"Don't Sing Aloha When I Go" (1926)
"Everybody Loves My Girl" (1928)
"I Gotta Get Myself Somebody To Love" (1927)
"Just Like A Melody Out Of The Sky" (1928)
"On A Mountain Trail In Old Hawaii" (?)
"She's Still My Baby" (1926)
"Schultz Is Back (With Their Boom! Boom! Boom!)" (1927)
"Voom Voom (Moaden On The Gayden)" (1927)
References
External links
Vaudeville performers
Victor Records artists
American musical groups
RCA Victor artists
American ukulele players
Lisa Emery (born January 29, 1952) is an American stage, film, and television actor. Emery is best known for playing Darlene Snell on Netflix series Ozark.
Early life
Emery was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the daughter of an aspiring actor from Charlottesville, Virginia and an advertising executive who worked in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania. They attended Hollins College, where they planned to study painting, but became interested in drama classes instead because "they were having way more fun." After graduation they studied at the Circle in the Square Theatre School for a year, then began to audition.
Emery moved to New York with their then-longtime boyfriend. They eventually broke up and they enrolled in the Circle in the Square two-year program. They moved to the East Village in 1982.
Career
Emery's theatre credits include The Matchmaker, Dinner with Friends (1999), What the Butler Saw (2000), The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie (2006), Talley & Son, Burn This (1987), Rumors, Present Laughter, The Women (2001), Marvin's Room (1991), Abigail's Party (2005), and Relatively Speaking (2011). They have been nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play three times.
Emery's film credits include A Map of the World, Unfaithful, The Night Listener, and Margot at the Wedding. On television they had a reoccurring role on Ed and has made guest appearances on Law & Order, Sex and the City, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Third Watch, Fringe, Damages and Jessica Jones. They also have a cast role on Ozark.
Charles Isherwood, in their review of Relatively Speaking (George Is Dead by Elaine May) for The New York Times, wrote of Emery: "Carla, a thankless straight-woman role-played with skill by the fine Lisa Emery..."
In a July 2020 interview for The Natural Aristocrat, Emery spoke about enjoying the unpredictable nature of their Ozark character Darlene Snell. "Every time I get a script, I'm surprised, which is great. It's not like, ‘Oh, there they go again!' I think it's unpredictable what a great mother they are in their own way."
Personal life
Emery was married to actor Josh Pais; their son, Zane, appeared with their mother in Margot at the Wedding.
Emery did not seek a film or television career and did not think of career strategies. "I take it as it comes... Perhaps I'd regret it if I were less happy now. I live perfectly well and love what I do."
Awards and nominations
Drama Desk Award 2011, Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play - The Collection & A Kind of Alaska (nominee)
Drama Desk Award 2006, Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play - Abigail's Party (nominee)
Drama Desk Award 1992, Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play - Marvin's Room (nominee)
Lucille Lortel Award 2009, Outstanding Featured Actress - Distracted (nominee)
Lucille Lortel Award 2006, Outstanding Featured Actress - Abigail's Party (nominee)
Lucille Lortel Award 2004, Outstanding Lead Actress - Iron (nominee)
Obie Awards 2003–2004, Outstanding Performance - Iron (winner)
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
American film actores
American stage actores
American television actores
Living people
Actresses from Pittsburgh
Circle in the Square Theatre School alumni
1952 births
21st-century American women
Kasaba, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Sacred Heart College, Chalakudy is a junior college in Chalakudy, Kerala, India, which was established in 1980. It was established as a junior college with pre-degree courses, and was upgraded to a first grade status in 1991 and is presently offering eight Undergraduate and six post-graduate courses. The college is located in a peaceful semi urban locality, the lush green gardens and well designed infrastructure provide the perfect ambience for learning, sharing and development of the students.
The college is managed by the Alvernia province of Franciscan Clarist Congregation and is affiliated to the University of Calicut. The students and the alumni of the college call themselves 'Sacredians' and the campus in short as 'SHC'.
External links
References
Franciscan universities and colleges
Catholic universities and colleges in India
Colleges in Kerala
Universities and colleges in Thrissur district
Educational institutions established in 1980
1980 establishments in Kerala
Education in Chalakudy
Buildings and structures in Chalakudy
In mathematics, a Gelfand ring is an associative ring R with identity such that if I and J are distinct right ideals then there are elements i and j such that iRj=0, i am not in I, and j is not in J. introduced them as rings for which one could prove a generalization of Gelfand duality, and named them after Israel Gelfand.
In the commutative case, Gelfand rings can also be characterized as the rings such that, for every and summing to , there exists and such that
.
Moreover, their prime spectrum deformation retracts onto the maximal spectrum.
References
Ring theory
Semomesia croesus, also known as the Croesus eyemark, is a species of butterfly in the family Riodinidae. It is found in most of South America.
Subspecies
Semomesia croesus croesus (Surinam, Brazil: Bahia, Pará)
Semomesia croesus meana (Hewitson, 1858) (Brazil: Amazonas)
Semomesia croesus trilineata (Butler, 1874) (Brazil: Amazonas, Colombia, Peru)
Semomesia croesus lacrimosa Stichel, 1915 (Colombia)
Semomesia croesus siccata Stichel, 1919 (Bolivia)
Semomesia croesus undosa Stichel, 1919 (Ecuador)
References
Riodinidae
Butterflies described in 1777
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Louis Kronberg (1872–1965) was an American figure painter, art dealer, advisor, and teacher. Among their best-known works are Behind the Footlights (Pennsylvania Academy, Philadelphia) and The Pink Sash (Metropolitan Museum, New York).
Biography
Kronberg was born in Boston on December 20, 1872. They studied at the Boston Museum School, under Edmund C. Tarbell and Frank Weston Benson, where they earned a Longfellow Traveling Scholarship. Kronberg also studied at the Art Students' League, New York, and at the Académie Julian (1894–1896) under Jean-Paul Laurens and Jean-Joseph Benjamin-Constant, and privately with Raphaël Collin. In Paris, Kronberg became enamored with the works of Edgar Degas and proficiently painted ballet and Spanish dancers within theatre settings.
Establishing themselves in Boston, Kronberg was appointed instructor in the portrait class of Boston's Copley Society of Art. Kronberg was vastly supported by Boston's great art matron Isabella Stewart Gardner, and hence their work is represented in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, as well as in the museums of Boston and Indianapolis. After Bernard Berenson, Kronberg frequently went to Paris to buy art for the Gardner Museum. They lived in Boston until 1919, when they moved to New York City. From 1921–1922 they painted in Algiers and Spain. Later, they lived in Palm Beach, and throughout their career they traveled back and forth to Paris.
Kronberg was an Associate of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1935). They were known for their philanthropic efforts and financed painter Arthur Clifton Goodwin's career for over fifteen years.
They died in West Palm Beach, Florida on March 9, 1965.
Art style
Although Kronberg is considered a "Tarbellite" because they trained with Tarbell and Benson, they were highly influenced by the French Impressionists and especially the pastels and oils of ballerinas painted by Degas. Their work shows the influence of their French training — their compositions are good and their colors soft and harmonious, yet with decided contrasts. Their best work was executed prior to 1915 before they became nearsighted.
Memberships
Boston Art Club
The Guild of Boston Artists
Salmagundi Club
Lotos Club
Salon des Beaux-Arts, Paris
Copley Society of Art
American Water Color Club
New York Water Color Club
Rockport Art Association
Awards
Pan-Pacific Exposition in San Francisco (1915)
Salmagundi Club (1919)
International Exposition, Paris (1937)
Chevalier Legion of Honor, France (1951)
Represented in permanent collections
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Metropolitan Museum of Art
Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, Boston
Butler Art Institute
San Diego Museum of Art
Albright–Knox Art Gallery, Buffalo, NY
Joslyn Art Museum
New York Historical Society
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, Philadelphia
Art Institute of Chicago
Indianapolis Museum of Art
Luxembourg Museum (Paris, France)
Société Nationale (Paris, France)
Musée d'Orsay (Paris, France)
La Petite Danseuse at the Zuckerman Museum of Art located at KSU, Marietta Campus
See also
Boston School
References
Pierce, Edmund C. Tarbell & the Boston School of Painting (1980)
Mantle Fielding, Dictionary of American Painters... (1927)
Falk, Who Was Who in American Art
External links
Louis Kronberg exhibition catalogs
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
20th-century American painters
1872 births
1965 deaths
Artists from Boston
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
20th-century American male artists
Adolfo José Hirsch (born 31 January 1986) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays for Folgore and the San Marino national team, as a striker.
International career
An Argentine-born and raised player, Hirsch emigrated to San Marino in 2009. They made their international debut for San Marino on 10 August 2011, coming on as an 81st-minute substitute in a 0–1 friendly loss against Romania.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Pergamino Partido
Sammarinese footballers
San Marino international footballers
Argentine footballers
Argentine emigrants to San Marino
Sammarinese people of Argentine descent
Sportspeople of Argentine descent
Argentine people of Sammarinese descent
S.S. Virtus players
S.S. Folgore Falciano Calcio players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Roy Lindsay Kellock, (November 12, 1893 – December 12, 1975) was a Canadian Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada.
Born in Perth, Ontario, they graduated from McMaster University with a B.A. in 1915. Kellock was called to bar in 1920 and practised with the firm of WeirFoulds in Toronto.
In 1942 they were appointed to the Court of Appeal for Ontario. Two years later, they were appointed as Puisne Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada on October 3, 1944 and served until January 15, 1958. Roy Kellock chaired the Royal Commission investigating the Halifax Riot of VE Day 1945, and co-chaired the Royal Commission on Spying Activities in Canada in response to Gouzenko Affair in 1946.
In 1970, they were made a Companion of the Order of Canada.
References
External links
Supreme Court of Canada biography
Justices of the Supreme Court of Canada
Justices of the Court of Appeal for Ontario
McMaster University alumni
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Chancellors of McMaster University
Companions of the Order of Canada
1893 births
1975 deaths
Timmerman is a Dutch occupational surname with the meaning "carpenter". It may refer to:
Adam Timmerman (1971), American football guard
Axel Timmermann, climate physicist and oceanographer
Gert Jan Timmerman (1956), Dutch chess player
George Bell Timmerman, Sr. (1881–1966), American federal judge
George Bell Timmerman, Jr. (1912–1994), American politician
Grant F. Timmerman (1919–1944), American marine awarded the Medal of Honor, posthumously
Héctor Timerman (1953–2018), Argentine journalist, politician, human rights activist and diplomat
Karl H. Timmermann, first American officer across the Ludendorff Bridge
Kenneth R. Timmerman (1953), American journalist, political writer and activist
Lawrence J. Timmerman (1878–1959), American politician
Lawrence W. Timmerman (1910–2003), American politician
Petronella Johanna de Timmerman (1723–1786), Dutch poet and scientist
Vincent Timmerman, Belgian scientist
Walter Meijer Timmerman Thijssen (1877–1943), Dutch rower
William Timmerman, American president of SCANA Corporation
Yvonne Timmerman-Buck (1956), Dutch politician
Timmerman may also refer to:
12626 Timmerman, a main-belt minor planet
Lawrence J. Timmerman Airport, an American airport
USS Timmerman (DD-828), a U.S. Navy vessel
See also
Timmer
Timmermans
References
Dutch-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Geminicoccus is a Gram-negative, and´strictly aerobic genus of bacteria from the family of Geminicoccaceae with one known species (Geminicoccus roseus). Geminicoccus roseus has been isolated from a biofilter from Rehovot in Israel.
References
Rhodospirillales
Bacteria genera
Monotypic bacteria genera
Taxa described in 2008
Handsome Dan is a bulldog who serves as the mascot of Yale University's sports teams. In addition to a person wearing a costume, the position is filled by an actual bulldog, the honor (and the title "Handsome Dan") being transferred to another upon death or retirement.
Handsome Dan I
Active 1889–1897 (retired to England).
Handsome Dan was selected based on their ability to tolerate bands and children, negative reaction to the color crimson and to tigers (the symbols of rival schools Harvard and Princeton respectively), bought by Yale student Andrew Barbey Graves, who cleaned up the dog and named them “Handsome Dan.” Soon, Dan followed Graves everywhere around campus, including sporting events. The students quickly adopted Dan as the Yale mascot. After Graves graduated and returned to England, Dan stayed on campus with their master's brother, William Leon Graves. Before football and baseball games would begin, Handsome Dan founded a tradition and a dynasty by being led across the field. One newspaper reported: "He was a big white bulldog, with one of the greatest faces a dog of that breed (English) ever carried". This was not an exaggeration, as Handsome Dan was one of the finest specimens of their breed in America, and went on to win first prize at the Westminster Dog Show and at least thirty other first prize ribbons in the United States and Canada. According to the Hartford Courant, "In personal appearance, they seemed like a cross between an alligator and a horned frog, and they were called handsome by the metaphysicians under the law of compensation. The title came to him, they never sought it. They were always taken to games on a leash, and the Harvard football team for years owed its continued existence to the fact that the rope held." The Philadelphia Press reported that "a favorite trick was to tell them to 'Speak to Harvard.' They would bark ferociously and work themselves into physical contortions of rage never before dreamed of by a dog. Dan was peculiar to themselves in one thing – they would never associate with anyone but students. Dan implanted themselves more firmly in the hearts of Yale students than any mascot had ever done before." Handsome Dan crossed the Atlantic to join their old master in 1897 and died in 1898. Graves had Dan stuffed and returned them to be displayed at Yale in the old gymnasium. When it was torn down, Dan I was sent to the Peabody Museum for reconstruction. Handsome Dan I now is in a sealed glass case in one of the trophy rooms of Yale's Payne Whitney Gymnasium, where, according to Stanton Ford, "he is the perpetual guardian of the treasures which attest to generations of Yale athletic glory." Andrew Graves died of tuberculosis on February 18, 1948, in Westbury, Long Island.
Handsome Dan II
Active 1933–1937 (died of a broken leg).
After a 35-year interval, Handsome Dan II was purchased with pennies donated by the first-year student class, and given to coach Ducky Pond. Handsome Dan II was kidnapped by Harvard students the day before the 1934 Harvard-Yale football game, and Yale students were alarmed at photographs of them happily seated at the foot of the statue of John Harvard in Harvard Yard, having a snack. They died of a leg fracture received from a jump. Handsome Dan II now is in a sealed glass case in the Yale University Visitor's centre on Elm Street.
Handsome Dan III
Active 1937–1938 (retired due to emotional instability).
Handsome Dan III was a huge white dog who unfortunately exhibited morbid fear of crowds and had to be retired.
Handsome Dan IV
Active 1938–1940 (retired due to injury).
Handsome Dan IV had their spine fractured by a car early in their term of office, leaving their hind legs paralyzed. Until they eventually died in 1940, a bulldog named Bull served in their place, becoming Handsome Dan V.
Handsome Dan V
Active 1940–1947 (died of old age).
"Bull", brought in their youth to watch football practices by their owner, high school student Bob Day, who lived near the Yale Bowl, ascended to office when Handsome Dan IV died. A great success, they loved public appearances and the adulation of crowds, was a familiar figure around the locker rooms, and joined the team on a trip to Princeton University.
Handsome Dan VI
Active 1947–1949 (died mysteriously at age 2).
Handsome Dan VI was eight weeks old when they took the role, but died at age two. It was reported that they died from fear of fireworks at the Yale-Harvard game, or of shame from seeing the Yale team lose to both Princeton and Harvard in the same year.
Handsome Dan VII
Active 1949–1952 (retired due to emotional instability).
Handsome Dan VII was donated to football coach Herman Hickman at age 3 but they proved to have a bad temper, which suited them better in their next position as a watchdog on a Florida estate.
Handsome Dan VIII
Active 1952 (retired due to emotional instability).
Up to this point, Handsome Dans had lived at the Yale Boathouse and were cared for in a somewhat haphazard fashion.
Handsome Dan VIII, however, was owned by assistant football manager Tom Shutt, ushering in a new era of family membership for the office-holder. Nevertheless, they had to retire after only two games due to intense discomfort with public appearances.
Handsome Dan IX
Active 1953–1959 (died of acute kidney disease).
Notable for falling off the dock at the Yale Boathouse and nearly drowning (confirming the hypothesis that bulldogs cannot swim, due to the peculiarities of their physiques); some contemporary news reports say that they had to be resuscitated after having had their head embedded in the mud. They also appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated magazine in November, 1956. "Danny" was born September 11, 1953 and owned by John E. Sanders, Assistant Professor of Geology, after an earlier custody by physical education instructor Alfred E. Scholz and Varsity Crew Coach Jim Rothschmidt. They made their mascot debut at the age of six weeks and an autopsy at their death revealed that they succumbed to acute nephrotic syndrome.
Handsome Dan X
Active 1959–1969 (retired due to old age).
"Woodie" aka "Boodnick", also owned by John E. Sanders, marked a return to the high standards seen in Handsome Dan V. An impressive 74 pounds, a beloved family pet as well as winner of the best bulldog title at the Cape Cod Kennel Club conformation dog show, they were instrumental in leading Yale's football team to its 9 and 0 season in 1960. They spent several years commuting to New Haven, CT, from Dobbs Ferry, NY, prior to their retirement. Their registered AKC kennel name was "Bayside Woodnought." They were sired by Ch. Bonny Boy of Fearnought out of Woodside's Christie Lou, and was a grandson of the famed Kippax Fearnought, the celebrated English import, who went Best in Show in 1955 at Westminster. They died in 1971 of natural causes.
Handsome Dan XI
Active 1969–1974 (retired due to arthritis).
"Oliver", owned by Yale's Pierson College master John Hersey, loved football but had a tendency to doze in the sun during games. They were frequently sighted on Martha's Vineyard during the tourist season.
Handsome Dan XII
Active 1975–1984.
"Bingo", owned by history professor Rollin G. Osterweis, was described by their owner as "pugnacious and stubborn, but lovable." Bingo also had the distinction of being the only female Handsome Dan. Bingo was stolen by four Princeton undergrads posing as Yale cheerleaders. They took Bingo to a friend's apartment in New York City on the run from authorities. The mastermind behind the canine-caper was Rod Shepard. The group of students took Bingo back to their owner and held a press conference for their return.
Handsome Dan XIII
Active 1984–1995; 1996 (retired due to old age.)
"Maurice", owned by Chris Getman, was perhaps the most noteworthy of the Handsome Dans. They served in office longer than any other Handsome Dan; they were the only holder of the office to come out of retirement to serve again, due to the death of their successor; and they appeared in Sports Illustrated, in 1989. Their patience with the tedium of posing for professional photographers also served them well as they posed for game programs, brochures, and the 1991 Yale Christmas card, wearing a wreath and Santa Claus hat. They also appeared at swim meets, wearing a bathing suit. Their love of Yale was evident in many ways: they would sing along with the Yale fight song (at least the "bow wow wow" part); they would "play dead" when asked whether they would rather die or join Harvard; and they lost their normally docile nature around mascots of opposing teams, launching assaults on the Princeton tiger mascot and the Brown University bear mascot. (There was also an unfortunate incident involving a police officer on horseback which resulted in theirs being ejected from the Harvard-Yale game, and Halloweens were somewhat touchy.) They died in 1997, just before turning 14.
Handsome Dan XIV
Active 1995–1996 (died of heart attack).
"Whizzer" aka "Hetherbull", also owned by Chris Getman, was donated by Yale alumnus and bulldog breeder Bob Hetherington and was a descendant of 52 time best-in-show winner Hetherbull Arrogant Frigott; unfortunately, they possessed a temperament so hyperexcitable that they died in office from a heart attack, and was succeeded by their predecessor and housemate.
Handsome Dan XV
Active 1996–2005 (unknown death).
"Louis", also donated by Bob Hetherington and owned by Chris Getman, was named after three people named Louis, including football coach Carm Louis Cozza. They died in office in January 2005 of a possible heart attack.
Handsome Dan XVI
Active 2005–2006 (retired).
Handsome Dan XVI was chosen on 26 April 2005. Magnificent Mugsy Rangoon, a Bulldog from Hamden, Connecticut, was picked by a five-person panel for their gregarious personality, large size (69 pounds), good health, and their ability to deal with the raucous Yale Precision Marching Band.
At the auditions, Mugsy gained great favor by focusing on a crimson blanket (representing Harvard) versus the stuffed-toy tiger (representing Princeton University). "We beat Princeton three of four years," said Jeff Mroz, Yale's quarterback. "We want to beat Harvard."
Mugsy is owned by Bob Sansone, a North Haven middle school teacher.
At their first Harvard-Yale Game in 2005, Handsome Dan XVI was briefly stolen by a pair of Harvard undergraduates, in response to a Yale student stealing the Harvard flag and running across the field back to the Yale side with it. The two lured them into the Harvard student section of the Yale Bowl as they chewed a toy depicting a Harvard football player. Yale University Police recovered him, unharmed but without their Yale sweater, a few minutes later.
Handsome Dans traditionally reign for a lifetime, but Mugsy is still living with owner Bob Sansone in Hamden.
Handsome Dan XVII
Active 2006–2016 (died of heart attack).
A new bulldog named Sherman quietly assumed the mascot position as Handsome Dan XVII in late winter 2006.
Bred by Diane Judy of Johnson City, Tenn., Handsome Dan XVII, a 50-pound bulldog, was the half brother of Rambo, owned by former Yale football captain Rory Hennessey. Their home name was "Sherman", after the tank and Connecticut icon Roger Sherman. They took over as Handsome Dan XVII with great enthusiasm. They were photographed with former President George H. W. Bush and Sir Paul McCartney. They were very athletic, retrieved with vigor and raised thousands of dollars for charity.
They died on August 11, 2016.
Handsome Dan XVIII
Active 2016–2021 (retired).
Handsome Dan XVIII was announced as mascot on November 17, 2016. They were born September 23, 2016 and came from a breeder in Maine, Jessica and Pete Seiders from Wicked Good Bulldogges. After generations of English Bulldog mascots the university went towards a healthier breed and closer replication of the original Handsome Dan. Handsome Dan XVIII is an Olde English Bulldogge aka Victorian Bulldog, a recreation of the Victorian Era Bulldog bred for health and temperament.
Their football record is 3–1 against Harvard and 24-7 overall through the 2019 season. The new keeper of the mascot, called Walter at home, is Kevin Discepolo (Yale '09), a former lacrosse player who is now Yale's assistant athletic director of facilities, operations and events.
On 5 November 2020, it was announced that Handsome Dan XVIII would retire in early spring 2021 following the October departure of Discepolo, though it is not currently known whether there is a causal link. At the time of their formal retirement, Handsome Dan XIX is expected to be announced.
Handsome Dan XIX
Active 2021–present.
Handsome Dan XIX was announced as mascot on March 18, 2021. They were born January 2, 2021, and is a nephew of their predecessor Handsome Dan XVIII. Like their predecessor they are an Olde English Bulldogge aka Victorian Bulldog produced by Jessica and Pete Seiders of Wicked Good Bulldogges from Maine. In addition to being known as Handsome Dan, they were named "Kingman" by their handler, Kassandra “Kassie” Haro, after the late Yale president of the same name.
Influence on popular culture
The Shake Shack location in New Haven, Connecticut, features a menu item named after Handsome Dan, called the Handsome Dog. The Handsome Dog, which features beer-marinated deep-fried onions and two kinds of cheese, debuted at the New Haven location but can now be found at all other Shake Shack locations, albeit as the Dapper Dog.
The TV series Gilmore Girls, which is set in Connecticut, makes several references to the Handsome Dan Statue.
In the TV series Gossip Girl, Blair Waldorf is given a bulldog by their father in season 2, episode 16. The bulldog is named Handsome Dan in honor of Blair's aspirations to attend Yale following high school. Blair shortens their name to "Handsome". Blair's scheming results in them losing their acceptance to Yale, and they give the bulldog away to a homeless man.
See also
List of individual dogs
References
External links
A page of bulldog mascot logos, including Yale's (currently inoperate)
Yale's mascot homepage
1889 animal births
1898 animal deaths
1937 animal deaths
1938 animal deaths
1940 animal deaths
1947 animal deaths
1947 animal births
1949 animal deaths
1946 animal births
1952 animal deaths
1953 animal births
1959 animal deaths
1971 animal deaths
1974 animal deaths
1984 animal deaths
1983 animal births
1997 animal deaths
1996 animal deaths
2005 animal deaths
2016 animal deaths
2016 animal births
2021 animal births
College mascots in the United States
Individual dogs
Yale Bulldogs football
Timothy James Beck is the collective pseudonym of four 21st-century American novelists — Timothy Forry, Timothy J. Lambert, Jim Carter, and Becky Cochrane — whose collaborative fiction focuses primarily on homosexuals, drag queens, other sexual minorities, and their families and friends. Beck's work is mostly set in Manhattan.
Beck's 2006 novel Someone Like You was a finalist for the 2007 Lambda Literary Awards in the Gay Romance category.
The four writers met online and started writing together in a tandem fiction experiment. When friends and contacts began following their Manhattan tales and asking for more in the manner of Armistead Maupin's readers, they sought and found an agent and publisher. At the beginning, two of the writers lived in Manhattan, one in Texas, and one in California. In time, the two New Yorkers have moved to Connecticut and Texas.
Work
In addition to their Timothy James Beck novels, the individual writers have had short stories published in Best Gay Love Stories 2005, Best Gay Love Stories 2006, Best Gay Love Stories: New York CIty (2006), Fool For Love: New Gay Fiction (2009), and Midnight Thirsts: Erotic Tales of the Vampire (2004).
Lambert and Cochrane cowrote the novels The Deal (2004) and Three Fortunes in One Cookie (2005), as well as edited Fool For Love: New Gay Fiction (2009). Their second anthology Foolish Hearts: New Gay Fiction was released by Cleis Press in January 2014, and their third anthology, Best Gay Romance 2014, was released by Cleis Press in February 2014.
Bibliography
It Had To Be You (2001), ( / 978-1575668895) -- Gay romantic comedy. A female impersonator whose act ends when Princess Diana dies is looking for a new job and a new boyfriend—maybe in the same place!
He's The One (2003), ( / 978-0758203236) -- Gay romantic comedy. Perfect Midwestern hunk/computer geek Adam finds new friends, career challenges, and maybe the love of their life when they accept a temporary job in Manhattan.
I'm Your Man (2004), ( / 978-0758207876) -- Gay romantic comedy. Everything falls apart for gay super couple Daniel and Blaine. Can they put it all back together with a little help from their friends?
Someone Like You (2006), ( / 978-0758210357) -- Friends/romantic comedy. A group of gay and straight friends working and living in Indiana supermall "Mall of the Universe" must overcome obstacles from their pasts, vindictive bosses, and trust issues to find friendship and romance.
When You Don't See Me (2007), ( / 978-0758216861) -- Gay coming of age. Nineteen-year-old Nick Dunhill navigates their way through jobs, friends, lovers, and family in post-September 11 Manhattan.
External links
American gay writers
Living people
21st-century pseudonymous writers
Collective pseudonyms
Year of birth missing (living people)
Gilberto Ramón Palacios Acosta (born 8 January 1980, in Asunción) is a Paraguayan football striker.
Career
Palacios began playing football with local side Club Olimpia. They won the league with Olimpia from 1998 to 2000 (as the club won four successive league titles).
They have played professional football in Paraguay, Argentina, Chile and Bolivia.
References
External links
BDFA profile
Primera División Argentina statistics
1980 births
Living people
Paraguayan footballers
Club Olimpia footballers
Club Guaraní players
Olimpo footballers
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica footballers
Paraguayan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Association football forwards
The list of shipwrecks in 1929 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1929.
January
2 January
3 January
4 January
5 January
7 January
9 January
11 January
14 January
15 January
16 January
18 January
19 January
20 January
21 January
22 January
23 January
24 January
25 January
28 January
29 January
30 January
Unknown January
February
1 February
2 February
3 February
4 February
5 February
6 February
7 February
9 February
11 February
12 February
13 February
14 February
15 February
19 February
19 February
21 February
22 February
23 February
24 February
25 February
26 February
27 February
28 February
March
1 March
2 March
3 March
5 March
6 March
7 March
8 March
10 March
11 March
12 March
13 March
14 March
18 March
20 March
21 March
22 March
24 March
25 March
26 March
27 March
28 March
29 March
30 March
31 March
Unknown date
April
5 April
6 April
7 April
8 April
11 April
12 April
13 April
14 April
17 April
18 April
20 April
22 April
25 April
27 April
29 April
Unknown date
May
2 May
3 May
4 May
5 May
10 May
12 May
15 May
26 May
27 May
28 May
June
3 June
4 June
7 June
10 June
11 June
14 June
16 June
17 June
21 June
24 June
25 June
27 June
July
1 July
2 July
5 July
7 July
8 July
9 July
10 July
11 July
12 July
13 July
15 July
16 July
17 July
19 July
21 July
22 July
23 July
24 July
26 July
29 July
30 July
31 July
August
3 August
4 August
5 August
6 August
8 August
9 August
11 August
14 August
16 August
17 August
18 August
19 August
20 August
22 August
25 August
26 August
27 August
29 August
31 August
Unknown date
September
1 September
2 September
3 September
4 September
5 September
7 September
8 September
9 September
10 September
11 September
12 September
For the loss of the British collier King Cadwallon on this day, see the entry for 10 July 1929.
14 September
For the loss of the American cargo ship Golden Forest on this day, see the entry for 26 July 1929.
17 September
20 September
21 September
23 September
24 September
25 September
26 September
27 September
28 September
30 September
Unknown date
October
2 October
3 October
5 October
6 October
7 October
8 October
10 October
11 October
12 October
13 October
14 October
15 October
16 October
17 October
19 October
20 October
21 October
22 October
25 October
28 October
29 October
30 October
31 October
Unknown
November
1 November
3 November
4 November
5 November
5 November
6 November
7 November
8 November
9 November
10 November
11 November
12 November
13 November
14 November
15 November
17 November
18 November
19 November
20 November
22 November
23 November
25 November
28 November
}
29 November
30 November
December
1 December
2 December
3 December
4 December
5 December
6 December
7 December
8 December
9 December
10 December
12 December
13 December
14 December
15 December
17 December
18 December
20 December
21 December
22 December
23 December
24 December
25 December
26 December
27 December
28 December
29 December
30 December
31 December
Unknown date
References
1929
Ships
St. Mary's Assumption Church is a historic church in Classical Revival style, located on Front Street in Cottonport, Louisiana. The church is now used as a parish hall.
While the original nave dates back to c.1889, the present exterior aspect of the church is largely due to c.1918 alterations, which removed the 110 foot high tower and steeple, enlarged the nave, and reworked the facade to include a front portico. When the church was converted to a parish hall, in 1958, interiors were altered as well, with removal of the altar, tabernacle screen, statuary and all its other religious accoutrements.
The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
References
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
Churches in Louisiana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Neoclassical architecture in Louisiana
Churches completed in 1918
Churches in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana
Neoclassical church buildings in the United States
The N&W LC-2 was a class of boxcab electric locomotives built by Westinghouse and the American Locomotive Company (ALCO) for the Norfolk and Western Railway. ALCO and Westinghouse built four locomotives in 1924–1925 for use on the Elkhorn Grade. They were retired and scrapped in 1950 when the N&W discontinued electric operations.
Design
The LC-2 was an improved version of the N&W LC-1, which Westinghouse, with Baldwin, had built for the N&W in 1914–1915. The locomotives were a third more powerful than their predecessors.
History
After World War I the N&W extended electrification on the Elkhorn Grade to a total of and required additional electric power to handle demand. Westinghouse and ALCO delivered four LC-2s in 1924–1925, which the N&W operated alongside the older LC-1s. Following World War II the N&W bypassed the existing Elkhorn Tunnel with a new tunnel twice as long as the original, double-tracked, and on a gentler 1.4% grade. These improvements eliminated the need for electrification. On the opening of the new tunnel on June 26, 1950 the N&W retired the LC-2s.
Notes
References
11 kV AC locomotives
1-D-1 locomotives
ALCO locomotives
Electric locomotives of the United States
LC2
Scrapped locomotives
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Westinghouse locomotives
Windermere is a suburb in the heart of Durban, South Africa. The area includes the restaurant district of Florida Road and the factory shop district of Stamford Hill Road.
References
External links
Suburbs of Durban
Populated places in eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
Confidential, a joint venture between Foxtel and News Limited, is an Australian weekly entertainment news show. Talking about the latest in Australian gossip and celebrities. The program is based on the highly successful Confidential column in News Limited newspapers around the country, and is Australia's answer to E! News. The program made its debut on 6 June 2007.
Hosts and Reporters
Hosts
Sophie Falkiner
Mike Hammond
Thomas Haynes
Jonathan Pease
Reporters
The reporters are key News Limited Confidential reporters from newspapers around Australia.
The Daily Telegraph (Sydney)
Herald Sun (Melbourne)
Chloe Adams
Luke Dennehy
Megan Miller
The Courier-Mail (Brisbane)
The Advertiser (Adelaide)
The Sunday Times (Perth)
References
Fox8 original programming
Arena (TV network) original programming
2007 Australian television series debuts
Entertainment news shows
Gro Kvinlog Genlid (born 8 June 1976) is a Norwegian freestyle skier. They represented Norway in the Women's Ski Cross event at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
They competed at the 2010 World Cup in ski cross.
They were born in Gjøvik.
References
External links
Gro Kvinlog Genlid at the official Vancouver 2010 website
1976 births
Norwegian female freestyle skiers
Olympic freestyle skiers of Norway
Living people
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Gjøvik
The Brambilla Family Go on Holiday () is a 1941 Italian comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Cesco Baseggio, Massimo Girotti and Elena Luber. A middle-class Milanese family go on holiday.
Cast
Cesco Baseggio as Ambrogio Brambilla
Massimo Girotti as Marco Sassoli
Elena Luber as Nanà Brambilla
Amelia Chellini as Adalgisa Brambilla
Paolo Stoppa as Gastone
Giulio Stival as Il tenore Alfredo Martelli
Vita Bandini as Donna Fausta, la marchessa
Umberto Cocchi as La guardia notturna
Anita Farra as L'intenditrice d'arte
Luigi Garrone as Il gestore dell'autorimessa
Renato Malavasi as Un amico di Marco
Lina Tartara Minora as Pina, la domestica
Dina Romano as Maria, la portinaia
Giovanna Scotto as La madre di Marco
Liliana Zanardi as Una ragazza al bar
Carmela Rossato
Jole Ferrari
Toscano Giuntini
References
Bibliography
External links
1941 films
Italian comedy films
Italian black-and-white films
1941 comedy films
1940s Italian-language films
Films directed by Carl Boese
Films set in Milan
1940s Italian films
Neil Moss may refer to:
Neil Moss (caver), victim of a famous caving accident in Derbyshire, England
Neil Moss (footballer), footballer for AFC Bournemouth
Joe McGowan (7 January 1944, Mullaghmore, Co. Sligo, Ireland) is an Irish historian, folklorist, and author specialising in the history and heritage of Ireland.  They are based in Sligo.
Bibliography
1993 In the Shadow of Benbulben: A Portrait of Our Storied Past, Aeolus Publications
1998 Inishmurray: Gale, Stone and Fire, Aeolus Publications
2001 Echoes of a Savage Land, Mercier Press,
2003 Constance Markievicz: People's Countess, Cottage Press
2004 Sligo: Land of Destiny, Aeolus Publications
2005 Inishmurray: Island Voices, Aeolus Publications History and heritage of Inishmurray Island, Co. Sligo
2007 "A Fairy Wind",short stories, music, songs and monologues, Aeolus Publications
2009 "A Bitter Wind", Aeolus Publications, an account of Irish country life as it was lived up to and including the 20th century.
2015 "Sligo Folk Tales",Irish History Press, legends, myths and folklore of Co. Sligo
References
External links
Sligo Heritage, McGowan's website
Sligo Champion article
1944 births
Living people
20th-century Irish historians
21st-century Irish historians
People from County Sligo
Pterostylis macrocalymma, commonly known as the large-hooded rufous greenhood or Murchison rustyhood is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. Both flowering and non-flowering plants have a relatively large rosette of leaves. Flowering plants also have up to ten or more white flowers with bold green or pale brown lines and a broad spoon-shaped, insect-like labellum.
Description
Pterostylis macrocalymma is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a rosette of between six and ten leaves. The leaves are long and wide. Flowering plants have a rosette at the base of the flowering stem but the leaves are usually withered by flowering time. Up to ten or more translucent white flowers with bold pale green or brown lines are borne on a flowering stem tall. The flowers lean forward and are long and wide. The dorsal sepal and petals form a hood or "galea" over the column with the dorsal sepal having a narrow tip long. The lateral sepals turn downwards and are the same width as the galea, deeply dished and suddenly taper to narrow tips long which turn forward and spread apart from each other. The labellum is fleshy, dark brown and insect-like, long, about wide with short hairs on the "head" end and five to eight long hairs on each side of the "body". Flowering occurs from August to early October.
Taxonomy and naming
Pterostylis macrocalymma was first formally described in 1989 by Mark Clements and David Jones from a specimen collected near where the North West Coastal Highway crosses the Murchison River. The description was published in Australian Orchid Research. The specific epithet (macrocalymma) is derived from the Ancient Greek words makros meaning "long" and kalymma meaning "a covering", "hood" or "veil" referring to the large galea of this orchid.
Distribution and habitat
The large-hooded rufous greenhood grows in woodland and shrubland and on granite outcrops between Moora, Woodanilling and Esperance in the Geraldton Sandplains biogeographic region.
Conservation
Pterostylis macrocalymma is classified as "Priority One" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife, meaning that it is known from only one or a few locations which are potentially at risk.
References
macrocalymma
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Western Australia
Plants described in 1989
Howard Street was in the Liberty of the Savoy between Westminster and the City of London; it ran from Surrey Street in the west to Arundel Street in the east, and was crossed only by Norfolk Street. It was demolished in the 1970s.
History
It was built on land once occupied by Arundel House and its gardens, the property of the Howard family, Dukes of Norfolk. Howard Street and its neighbouring streets, Arundel, Norfolk, and Surrey, were all built after Arundel House was demolished by the earl of Arundel in 1678.
Howard and Norfolk Streets were demolished in the 1970s to build Arundel Great Court – taken over by another building in 2012. A major replacement is a campus of King's College London.
References
External links
Streets in the City of Westminster
Former streets and roads of London
Heathcliff is a 1996 musical conceived by and starring singer Cliff Richard based on the 1847 novel Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë. It is focused on the character of Heathcliff and the story is adapted to fit with the musical staging and production. The musical attempted to fill some gaps in Heathcliff's personal story by expanding plot elements implied by Brontë's novel, which were included chronologically. All of the dialogue in the show is from the novel, although some parts were transposed to better fit the manner in which it was performed.
The music was composed by John Farrar with lyrics written by Tim Rice. The book is by Cliff Richard and Frank Dunlop.
As a forerunner to the theatrical presentation, in early October 1995, Richard released the first single, "A Misunderstood Man", followed later in the month by the studio album Songs from Heathcliff, consisting of ten songs from the musical, five featuring Olivia Newton-John in duets. Three more singles followed, "Had to Be" (a duet with Olivia Newton-John), "The Wedding" (a duet with Helen Hobson not on the album) and "Be with Me Always".
Rehearsals for the musical took place during the summer of 1996 in Camden, London, before moving to Earls Court 2 for production rehearsals featuring the stage sets and full band. Several public previews were held at Earls Court before the show moved to the National Indoor Arena in Birmingham.
Heathcliff opened on 16 October 1996 having raised considerable interest from the media regarding Cliff Richard playing the dark, barely civilized character; with many sources speculating that Richard could not carry off such a role. Box office records were broken for first-week ticket sales. Following the run in Birmingham, the show transferred to Edinburgh for four weeks, before returning to the National Indoor Arena for a few additional dates before Christmas. After the New Year, the show opened in the Palace Theatre, Manchester before transferring to London. The final performance was at Hammersmith Apollo, in May. Heathcliff played to audiences of close on half a million people, and broke box office records at almost every theatre at which it played.
Although the musical was not well received by critics, with one referring to it as "living dull", it was popular with Richard's fans. An advertising campaign for the show used some of the critics' quotes, such as "This Wretched Show" and "Withering Rather Than Wuthering", to contrast the opposing views of critics and fans.
The opening advance takings for the show were £8.5m, believed to be a record at the time. A cast recording of the show was released in October 1996 to coincide with the start of the tour, alongside the single "Be with Me Always".
A film recording of the show was made at the Hammersmith Apollo, the video of which stayed at the top of the charts for eight weeks.
Background
Richard had long harboured the desire to play Heathcliff. In 1994, the composer John Farrar said, "I remember them [Richard] talking about this 15 years ago when I was in England." In 1991, Richard contacted Sir Tim Rice to ask them if they "would be interested in contributing to a whole album's worth of material". Richard had already lined up John Farrar and Frank Dunlop. Rice found the opportunity to provide Richard lyrics that would be in contrast to many of the lyrics and images that they had built up over their long career, "an irresistible one". By January 1994, roughly half the material was ready. The musical was originally planned to be staged late 1994 at several arenas across the UK and since its press launch in February 1994, 150,000 tickets had been sold. However, in May Heathcliff was postponed because the show would not be ready in time, and the concert bookings were retained for Richard's "The Hit List Tour".
Plot
The eponymous Heathcliff is taken in, as a homeless child, by Mr Earnshaw who lives at the remote Yorkshire farmhouse, Wuthering Heights. Earnshaw's son Hindley (Jimmy Johnston) forms an instant antipathy to the wild and rebellious Heathcliff. Their sister Cathy (Helen Hobson), however, finds in Heathcliff a soul mate, whose fiery passions feed their romantic nature.
Heathcliff and Cathy are inseparable and their habit of wandering unchecked on their beloved moors results in an accidental injury. This invalids Cathy for a time, requiring a stay at Thrushcross Grange, the home of the Lintons (the cultured Edgar, and their sister Isabella). This contact with a more refined world seduces Cathy, spurring them to rein in their wild passions. The dazzle of wealth broadens their horizons, and their first taste of gentility results in the careless abandonment of their relationship with Heathcliff. The possibility of a future together for them in a world that required more prudent choices be made is despaired. Them acceptance of Edgar Linton's (Darryl Knock) marriage proposal throws Heathcliff into a tormented rage. In order to avoid daily confrontation with their loss of Cathy and to punish them with their absence, they travel abroad in an effort to improve their life, to match that of their husband.
Years pass and Heathcliff returns unexpectedly having amassed the extreme wealth they had sought, as well as wide experience. Hindley Earnshaw, now master of Wuthering Heights following the death of their father, has become a drunken bully still seething with hatred for Heathcliff. Hindley and Heathcliff fight, with Heathcliff winning Wuthering Heights as the prize. Heathcliff marries Edgar's sister, Isabella (Sara Haggerty), although they do not love them They cruelly abuse her, as Cathy's marriage to Edgar continues to torment him. Cathy dies following a gruelling childbirth, having confessed their undiminished passion for Heathcliff and their error in having given themselves in marriage to Edgar, a decision which has ultimately brought misery to all concerned.
Heathcliff endures years of torment following this loss, until their own death reunites the lovers in the afterlife.
Cast
Cast
Heathcliff - Cliff Richard
Cathy - Helen Hobson
Earnshaw/Hindley - Jimmy Johnston
Edgar - Darryl Knock
Isabella - Sara Haggerty
Troubadour - Gordon Giltrap
Elements - Rob Fardell, Chris Holland, Sonai Jones, Niki Kitt, Suzanne Parry
Dancers - Gbenga Adeyemo, Andrew Carroll, Phyllida Crowley Smith, Samuel Hall, Jacqui Jameson, Richard Joseph, Lizzie Leigh, Andrea Smart, Bryn Walters
Vocalists - David Combes, John Parry, Mick Wilson
Production crew
Lyricist - Tim Rice
Composer - John Farrar
Director - Frank Dunlop (director)
Production Design - Joe Vanek
Lighting Designer - Andrew Bridge
Sound Design - Mike Lowe, Colin Norfield, John James
Production Music Director - Mike Moran
Choreographer - Brad Jeffries
Assistant Choreographer - Michelle Papouis
Orchestrator - Sean Callery
Original cast recording
Heathcliff Live is the album of the original cast recording, released in December 1996. The album reached number 41 in the UK Albums Chart.
Track listing
Act 1:
Overture
A Misunderstood Man
Funeral Cortege
Sleep of the Good
Gypsy Bundle
The Grange Waltz
Each to Their Own
Had to Be
Mrs. Edgar Linton
The Journey: Africa/India/China
When You Thought of Me
Act 2:
Overture (reprise) - Entr'acte Music
When You Thought of Me (reprise)
Dream Tomorrow
Gambling Song
I Do Not Love You Isabella (bridge)
The Gambling Song
I Do Not Love You Isabella
Isabella (reprise)
Choosing When It's Too Late
The Madness of Cathy
Marked with Death
Be with Me Always
The Nightmare
Be with Me Always (reprise)
A Misunderstood Man (reprise)
Overture (reprise)
Music for Curtain Calls
Tour dates
References
External links
Time Rice - Heathcliff History
1996 musicals
Musicals by Tim Rice
Musical
British musicals
Musicals based on novels
Vampire Ecstasy is the debut studio album by Japanese Darkwave duo, Aural Vampire. The album was released independently on March 22, 2004.
Track listing
External links
Official Website
References
2004 albums
Lake Waikareiti, also spelt Lake Waikare Iti, is located in Te Urewera National Park in the North Island of New Zealand. A number of hiking trails are found within the catchment basin of the lake.
Its formation followed a landslide 18,000 years ago, in which a part of the landmass of 10 kilometers wide slid to the north-west. It is four kilometres to the northeast of the larger Lake Waikaremoana, into which it drains via the Aniwaniwa Stream. The smaller lake's surface is at an altitude of 880 metres above sea level - considerably higher than that of Waikaremoana - and as such the stream has several fine waterfalls such as the Aniwaniwa Falls and Papakorito Falls.
Several small islets are found in the lake. One of these, Rahui, itself contains a tiny lake - one of New Zealand's very rare lakes within lakes.
Numerous flora species are found within the lake catchment basin, crown fern (Blechnum discolor) being a widespread understory plant. An assortment of birds finds in the North Island are present at the national park except for the weka.
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "little waters" for .
References
C. Michael Hogan. 2009. Crown Fern: Blechnum discolor, Globaltwitcher.com, ed. N. Stromberg
New Zealand Department of conservation. 2009. Te Urewera National Park
Charles Rawlings-Way, Carolyn Bain, Brett Atkinson, Errol Hunt, Peter Dragicevich and Sarah Bennett. 2008. New Zealand, Lonely Planet Publications, Edition 14,
Notes
Wairoa District
Lakes of the Hawke's Bay Region
Barretos–Chafei Amsei State Airport is the airport serving Barretos, Brazil.
It is operated by ASP.
History
On 11 July 2013 DAESP, transferred the administration of the airport to the Municipality of Barretos. However on 16 May 2019, the facility was transferred back to DAESP.
In 2013 a partnership was created between the airport administration and Barretos Cancer Hospital, the biggest in Latin America. This partnership is visible on a campaign requesting Brazilian airlines scheduled flights to Barretos, and it is centralized on the website Voo contra o câncer.
On July 15, 2021, the concession of the airport was auctioned to the Consorcium Aeroportos Paulista (ASP), comprised by companies Socicam and Dix. The airport was previously operated by DAESP.
Airlines and destinations
No scheduled flights operate at this airport.
Access
The airport is located from downtown Barretos.
See also
List of airports in Brazil
References
External links
Airports in São Paulo (state)
The Minister of Customs in New Zealand is a cabinet position appointed by the Prime Minister to be in charge of matters of border control, international trade and travel and the collection of import duties and taxes to New Zealand. The minister is responsible for the New Zealand Customs Service which is the oldest government department in New Zealand.
The current minister is Meka Whaitiri of the Labour Party. They held the position previously from 2017 to 2018, although was removed following allegations of assault which they denied, but was re-appointed to the role, albeit as Minister outside of Cabinet following the 2020 New Zealand general election.
List of ministers
The following ministers have held the office of Minister of Customs.
Key
Notes
References
Customs
Political office-holders in New Zealand
Karim Sadr is an archaeologist contributing to research in southern Africa.  They are the author of over 60 academic articles, a book and two edited volumes. While Sadr has contributed to the Kalahari Debate, their more recent work has focused on historical revision, re-examining the acquisition of domesticated animals and pottery in southern Africa by Hunter-gatherer. Their work is reintroducing the term Neolithic back into southern African archaeological discourse from which it had previously been removed.
Biography
Karim Sadr was born in Tehran, Iran, 1959. They began their studies at the Southern Methodist University(SMU)in Dallas, Texas, where they continued to the completion of their doctorate in anthropology. Sadr received their doctorate in 1988 for “The Development of Nomadism in Northeast Africa” under the supervision of Professor Anthony Marks.
Karim Sadr remained at SMU as a research associate until 1990. They would later receive two post-doctoral fellowships: the first from the American Research Centre in Egypt and the second from the University of Cape Town (UCT). In 1992 they took the position of Director for Archaeology at Centro Ricerche sul Deserto Orientale (CeRDO). After leaving CeRDO in 1995, they took up a lectureship in the history department of the University of Botswana (UB): Gaborone.
Beginning in 2001, they have established themselves at the University of the Witwatersrand, where they are currently a Senior Lecturer and Associate Professor in the school of Geography, Archeology and Environmental Studies Sciences (GAES). They currently hold the position of Head of School.
Re-introducing the Neolithic to Southern Africa
The term Neolithic has been used in a variety of ways with varying definitions and originates in description of European archaeology. The Neolithic refers to a period which is distinguished by the use of stone tools with food-producing practices but has also been associated with pottery.
The orthodox view in southern African archaeology is largely that food-producing pastoralists—conventionally known as the Khoekhoe—introduced domesticated animals, pottery and metal tools to the region. This view originates in 1929, when A.J.H. Goodwin and Clarence van Riet Lowe—then the director of the South African Bureau of Archaeology– decided that the divisions applied to European technological developments were not appropriate to the study of southern Africa. They argued for the removal of the term 'Neolithic' from the common vocabulary of the discipline, and suggested that the Iron Age had come about as a result of imported technologies. The apparent result of this long-lasting viewpoint is the simultaneous introduction of domesticates, pottery and metal tools as part of an Iron Age migration of pastoralists into southern Africa. The result of this idea is that no room is left for a 'Neolithic' era, defined—in part—by stone tools. Instances of pottery and domesticated animals have become synonymous with the Iron Age, and as such, have steadily come be seen as evidence of the Khoekhoe.
Conversely, Karim Sadr and Garth Sampson have argued that there were two distinct pottery techniques in southern Africa: thick walled pottery, and a distinct, thin walled variant, which are associated with specific contexts. The thin walled pottery has become associated with southern African Late Stone Age sites and early northern Khoehkoe pottery in Angola; whereas the thick walled examples were uniformly associated with later pastoralists. The method of production in the thin-walled examples used fibre temper, resulting in lighter and more easily transportable pottery in southern Africa34, while mineral-base pottery is heavier and associated with thick walled ware. Sadr and Sampson argue that this is either evidence of diffusion of technological ideas with out migrant influx or of hunter-gatherers independently inventing pottery before the arrival of food producers. Dating has shown that the influx of pottery in 600–1000 CE occurs substantially after the first thin walled pottery had been produced around the southern reaches of Africa, at approximately 300 CE37.
In the 1960s, examples of hunters-gatherer sites with domesticated animal (sheep) remains were discovered, and were suggested by Richard Elphick to have been indicative of hunter-gathers either stealing from or trading with nearby Khoekhoe herders. Sadr has argued that to suppose that the Khoekhoe were the source of domesticated animals is no longer acceptable. In the subsequent three decades, no evidence has been found suggesting that this was the cas,e while sites in the Seacow river valley and Kasteelberg have instead provided evidence of "hunters-with-sheep".
In arguing that hunter-gatherers in southern Africa where from a period of "hunters-with-sheep", during which pottery was independently invented, Karim Sadr has challenged the primacy of Iron Age pastoralism in southern African archaeology and opened a case for the acceptance of the Neolithic. Despite this, Sadr does suggest that there is room for their view to co-exist with a more orthodox one.
Criticisms
Andrew Smith has commented that Sadr has been "seduced by the assumption that all people are just waiting to become food producers". Smith also argues that Sadr's work on "hunters-with-sheep" implies that becoming a shepherd without a pastoral role model would be easy for a hunter to accomplish when, as Smith claims; learning animal husbandry would instead require contact with pastoralism. Sadr has not at this point formally responded to these criticisms.
Selected publications
Books
1. Sadr, K. 1991. The Development of Nomadism in Ancient Northeast Africa. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press.
Published dissertations
1. Sadr, K. 1988. The Development of Nomadism: the View from Ancient Northeast Africa. Ann Arbor: University Microfilms International.
Edited volumes
1. Sadr, K. & Fauvelle-Aymar, F-X. (eds). 2008. Khoekhoe and the first herders in southern Africa. Southern African Humanities volume 20, number 1
2. Sadr, K. (ed). 2001. Essays on Botswana Archaeology. Pula: Botswana Journal of African Studies, volume 15, number 1.
Chapters in books
1. Sadr, K., Gribble, J. & Euston-Brown, G. 2013. Archaeological survey on the Vredenburg Peninsula. In: Jerardino, A., Braun, D. & Malan, A. (eds) The Archaeology of the West Coast of South Africa, pp. 50–67. Cambridge Monographs in African Archaeology 84. BAR International Series 2526. Oxford: Archaeopress.
2. Sadr, K. 2013. The archaeology of herding in southernmost Africa. In: Mitchell, P. & Lane, P. (eds) Oxford Handbook of African Archaeology, pp. 645–655. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
3. Sadr, K. 2013. A short history of early herding in southern Africa. In: Bollig, M., Schnegg, M. & Wotzka, H-P. (eds) Pastoralism in Africa: Past, Present and Futures, pp. 171–197. New York & Oxford: Berghahn Books.
4. Sadr, K. 2005. Hunter-gatherers and herders of the Kalahari during the late Holocene. In: Peter Veth, Mike Smith & Peter Hiscock (eds), Desert Peoples: Archaeological Perspectives, pp. 206–221. Malden, MA: Blackwell Publishing.
5. Sadr, K. 2002. Encapsulated Bushmen in the Archaeology of Thamaga. In S. Kent (ed) Ethnicity, hunter-gatherers, and the “other”: association or assimilation in Africa, pp. 28–47. Washington and London: Smithsonian Institution Press.
6. Sadr, K., Gribble, J. & Euston-Brown, G. 1992. The Vredenburg Peninsula Survey, 1991/1992 season. In: A.B. Smith and B. Mutti (eds) Guide to the Archaeological Sites in the Southwestern Cape, pp. 41–43. Cape Town: University of Cape Town.
7. Smith, A.B., Sadr, K., Gribble, J. & Yates, R. 1992. Witklip and Posberg Reserve. In: A.B. Smith and B. Mutti (eds) Guide to the Archaeological Sites of the Southwestern Cape.
Articles in refereed journals
1. Sadr, K. 2012. The Origins and Spread of Dry Laid, Stone-Walled Architecture in Pre-Colonial Southern Africa. Journal of Southern African Studies 38(2): 257–263.
2. Sadr, K. & Rodier, X. 2012. Google Earth, GIS and stone-walled structures in southern Gauteng, South Africa. Journal of Archaeological Science 39: 1034–1042.
3. Bradfield, J. & Sadr, K. 2011. Stone arrowheads from Holkrans, North West Province, South Africa. South African Archaeological Bulletin 66 (193): 77–88.
4. Sadr, K. & Gribble, J. 2010. The stone artefacts from the Vredenburg Peninsula archaeological survey, west coast of South Africa. Southern African Humanities, 22: 19–88.
5. Couzens, R. & Sadr, K. 2010. Rippled Ware at Blinklipkop, Northern Cape. South African Archaeological Bulletin 65(192): 196–203.
6. Bradfield, J., Holt, S. & Sadr, K. 2009. The last of the LSA on the Makgabeng Plateau, Limpopo Province', South African Archaeological Bulletin 64: 176–183.
7. Sadr, K. 2009. Marine shell dates and surface lithic assemblages on the west coast of South Africa. Journal of Archaeological Science 36: 2713–2729.
8. Sadr, K. 2008. Invisible herders? The archaeology of Khoekhoe pastoralists. Southern African Humanities 20(1): 179–203.
9. Fauvelle-Aymar, F-X. & Sadr, K. 2008. Trends and traps in the reconstruction of early herding societies in southern Africa. Southern African Humanities 20(1): 1–6.
10. Sadr, K. 2008. An ageless view of first millennium AD southern African ceramics. Journal of African Archaeology 6(1): 103–130.
11. Sadr, K. 2007. The UB/UCT excavation at Kasteelberg A, West Coast of South Africa. South African Archaeological Bulletin 62(186): 154–161.
12. Sadr, K. & Sampson, C.G. 2006. Through thick and thin: early pottery in southern Africa. Journal of African Archaeology 4: 235–252.
13. Sadr, K. & Fauvelle-Aymar, F-X. 2006. Ellipsoid grinding hollows on the west coast of South Africa. Southern African Humanities 18(2): 29–50.
14. Fauvelle-Aymar, F-X., Sadr, K., Bon, F. & Gronenborn, D. 2006. The visibility and invisibility of herders' kraals in South Africa, with reference to a possible early contact period Khoekhoe kraal at KFS 5 (Western Cape). Journal of African Archaeology 4: 253–271.
15. Sadr, K. 2004. Feasting on Kasteelberg? Early herders on the west coast of South Africa. Before Farming 2004/3 article 2: 167–183.
16. Copley M.S., Hansel, F.A., Sadr, K. & Evershed R.P. 2004. Organic residue evidence for the processing of marine animal products in pottery vessels from the pre-colonial archaeological site of Kasteelberg D east, South Africa. South African Journal of Science 100: 279–283.
17. Sadr, K. 2003. The Neolithic of southern Africa. Journal of African History 44: 195–209.
18. Sadr, K., Smith, A., Plug, I., Orton, J. & Mütti, B. 2003. Herders and foragers on Kasteelberg: interim report of excavations 1999–2002. South African Archaeological Bulletin 58: 27–32.
19. Sadr, K. & Plug, I. 2001. Faunal remains in the transition from hunting to herding in southeastern Botswana. South African Archaeological Bulletin 56: 76–82.
20. Sadr, K. & Sampson, C.G. 1999. Khoekhoe ceramics of the upper Seacow River valley. South African Archaeological Bulletin 54: 3–15.
21. Sampson, C.G. & Sadr, K. 1999. On the size and shape of Later Stone Age fibre-tempered vessels from the upper Seacow River valley. Southern African Field Archaeology 8: 3–16.
22. Sadr, K. 1998. The first herders at the Cape of Good Hope. African Archaeological Review 15(2): 101–132.
23. Sadr, K. 1997. Kalahari archaeology and the Bushman debate. Current Anthropology 38: 104–112.
24. Sadr, K. & Smith, A. 1991. On ceramic variation in the southwestern Cape, South Africa. South African Archaeological Bulletin 46: 107–15.
25. Smith, A.B., Sadr, K., Gribble, J. & Yates, R. 1991. Excavations in the south-western Cape, South Africa, and the archaeological identity of prehistoric hunter-gatherers within the last 2000 years. South African Archaeological Bulletin 46: 71–91.
26. Sadr, K. 1988. Settlement Patterns and Land Use in the Late Prehistoric Southern Atbai; East Central Sudan. Journal of Field Archaeology 15: 381–401.
Footnotes
References
Fauvelle-Aymar, F-X., & Sadr, K. (2008). Trends and traps in the reconstruction of early herding societies in southern Africa: Introduction. Southern African Humanities, 20(1): 1–6.
Jerardino, A. 2010. The Southern African Neolithic in the Elands Bay Area: Towards improved chronology and understanding of group interactions. The Digging Stick, 27(3): 9–12.
Mitchell, P. (2009). Hunter-gatherers and farmers: some implications of 1,800 years of interaction in the Maloti-Drakensberg region of southern Africa. Senri Ethnological Studies, (73): 15–46.
Sadr. K. (Unknown). University of the Witwatersrand Johannesburg: http://www.wits.ac.za/academic/science/geography/staff/karim-sadr/5687/karim_sadr.html. 2014-02-24.
Sadr, K. (1997). Kalahari archaeology and the Bushman debate. Current Anthropology, 38(1): 104–112.
Sadr, K. (2003). The Neolithic of southern Africa. Journal of African History,44(2): 195–210.
Sadr, K. (2004). Foragers and Herders on Kasteelberg during the first Millennium AD. The Digging Stick, 21(1): 1–16.
Sadr, K. (2004). Feasting on Kasteelberg? Early herders on the west coast of South Africa. Before Farming,3(2): 167–183.
Sadr, K. & Sampson, C. G. (2006). Through thick and thin: early pottery in southern Africa. Journal of African Archaeology, 4(2): 235–252.
Sadr, K. (2008). Invisible herders? The archaeology of Khoekhoe pastoralists. Southern African Humanities,20(1): 179–203.
Sadr, K. (2013). The Archaeology of Herding in Southernmost Africa: Chapter 44 in Mitchell, P., & Lane, P. (eds) The Oxford Handbook of African Archaeology. Oxford University Press.
Sadr, K. (2013) A Short History of Early herding in Southern Africa: Chapter 5 in Bollig, Michael, Michael Schnegg, and Hans-Peter Wotzka, (eds) Pastoralism In Africa: Past, Present and Future. Berghahn Books.
ID
Smith, A.B. (2009). The Hegemony of the Neolithic: or what we have lost by becoming food producers.(2008) Presidential Address to the South African Archaeological Society. The South African Archaeological Bulletin, 64(190): 100–103.
Smith, A.B. (2011). Problems in the concept of ‘Neolithic' expansion in Southern Africa: 8. https://www2.hu-berlin.de/kba/events.html#mlp. Eurobabel Workshop: Methodology in linguistic prehistory, Humboldt University, Berlin. 2014-04-06.
External links
Living people
1959 births
South African archaeologists
University of Botswana faculty
University of the Witwatersrand academics
Southern Methodist University alumni
Faramarzi (Persian: فرامرزي) is a village in Iran. Faramarzi may also refer to
Aqa Baba-ye Faramarzi, a village in Iran
Mazeh Faramarzi, a village in Iran
Qaleh-ye Faramarzi, a village in Iran
Abdolrahman Faramarzi, Iranian journalist, writer, educator, deputy of parliament and poet
Mohammad Ali Faramarzi, Iranian football defender
See also
Faramarz (disambiguation)
The Coos Bay Mosquito Fleet comprised numerous small steamboats and motor vessels which operated in the late 19th and early 20th centuries on Coos Bay, a large and mostly shallow harbor on the southwest coast of the U.S. state of Oregon, to the north of the Coquille River valley. Coos Bay is the major harbor on the west coast of the United States between San Francisco and the mouth of the Columbia River.
Establishment of inland water routes
Inland riverboats were used to navigate the bay and the several rivers flow that flow into it. Many of the passages were quite narrow, for example Beaver Slough was aptly named, as every night beavers built dams across the slough which had to be dismantled to allow the passage of Mud Hen.
Nat H. Lane and W.H. Troup, both steamboat captains from the Columbia River, began steamboat operations on Coos Bay in 1873. They built and operated Messenger, doing business as the Coos Bay and Coquille Transportation Company.
One feature of Coos Bay was that one shallow southern arm called Isthmus Slough reaches south almost to Beaver Slough, a shallow north-extending branch of the Coquille River. In 1869 Judge Gilbert Hall built a mule-hauled portage railway across the Isthmus. This line, which was a little over 1.5 miles long, cost $8,000 to build, and consisted of wooden rails laid on rough wooden sleepers, with trestles crossing the ravines that were encountered along the route. The transport on the route consisted of a single wagon carrying a platform, with one man driving the wagon.
Smaller steamboats ran up Isthmus Slough to the north landing to connect to the portage railway, where passengers and freight were transferred to a wagon, and then hauled across the isthmus to Hall's southern landing on Beaver Slough. In 1872, the steamboat Satellite made daily trips from Empire City to Isthmus Slough. Satellite also ran 18 miles up the Coos River twice a week. Once at the south landing, canoes and small unpowered boats carried passengers and freight south to the Coquille River. The journey was about 6 miles from the north landing to the Coquille River. It took one day to make the trip, and the railway carried about 2 tons of freight in a single day. In 1873, about 600 tons of freight were shipped over the line.
In August 1874, construction began on a steam-powered narrow gauge portage railroad to replace the mule-hauled cars. The narrow gauge steam line was called the "Isthmus Transit Railroad".
This was a good shortcut between Marshfield, as Coos Bay was then called, and Coquille, and it also eliminated the need to cross the hazardous Coos and Coquille bars by the ocean.
Frank Lowe had a shipyard in Marshfield, and in the early part of the century they produced many vessels for the Mosquito Fleet, including the propeller Coquille and the sternwheelers Millicoma and Rainbow.
Rise of the Mosquito Fleet
In 1876, Capt. A. Campbell and son launched the steamer Juno on the Coos River. Captain Campbell ran Juno for over ten years, after which the vessel was commanded by N.J. Cornwall Sometime before 1895, the Campbells sold Juno to W.F. Jewett.
In 1899, the 13-ton propeller steamer Alma (later renamed Jauniata) was built for passenger service on Coos Bay. Gasgo, 8 tons, powered by gasoline, was built in 1900 at Marshfield, and was placed in passenger service on Coos Bay and the Umpqua River. In 1901, the small (9 tons) gasoline-engine launch Relief was built at Marshfield by the Holland Brothers for passenger and towing work on Coos Bay. In 1903, Comet (9 tons), Curlew, Dixie (8 tons), Eagle (12 tons), and Fish were all built at Marshfield for the Coos bay service. Dixie also served on the Coquille River.
In 1907, Max Timmerman launched Bonita (14 tons) and City of Coos Bay (later Sunrise) (13 tons), both used on Coos Bay and the Umpqua River. W.W. Holland built the passenger vessels Beaver (later converted to a tug and renamed Atomic) (8 tons), Express, Queen (14 tons) and Koos (10 tons), all for the Coos Bay service. Other boats built for Coos Bay work 1907 included from Marshfield yards, by G.H. Elliott, Messenger (10 tons), and by Frank Lowe, Telephone (7 tons). At North Bend, Z.A. Kanick built Tioga (11 tons), and at Allegany, H.P. McCallon built Transfer.
In 1908, Peter Olson built Coast (later renamed Enterprise and Arrow No. 5). Arthur Mattson built Marshfield at Eastside. J.D. Ross built Traveler (8 tons) at Pleasant Point and Max Timmerman built Victor (8 tons) and Wolverine (14 tons) at their Marshfield yard. Also in 1908, W.W. Holland built Ranger (12 tons) and Shamrock (8 tons) at Marshfield. North Bend yards also produced a number of smaller vessels in 1908. George Smith built the towboat Arrow, Peter Peterson built Vega, J.H. Cullon builtMawnell (8 tons), and C.A. Johnson built North Star.
In 1909, Timmerman built the gas boats Hercules and Mae, both 12 tons, and Holland built Alice H. (11 tons). In 1912, various yards around Coos Bay built the small gasoline-powered vessels Albatross (13 tons), Freak (11 tons), and Union (7 tons). Turtle (16 tons) was built the same year, and a good photo of their survives, loading wood components, probably ship's knees for the construction of a steam schooner.
1912 was a bad year for wrecks among the mosquito fleet. On March 6, 1912, Curlew, which had been hauling milk from Sumner to Marshfield, collided with the Simpson Lumber Company's tug Columbia at North Bend, and sank as a result. On December 30, 1912, Mayflower burned at Coos Bay. Worst of all, on January 20, 1912, the North Star No. 1, which had been operated by Joseph Yonkers between Marshfield and the South Inlet, drifted over the bar and capsized, drowning Yonkers and five passengers. Bad as this was, it could have been worse, as North Star No. 1 had dropped off 12 passengers at a landing just before the accident.
Mission boat Life-Line
One of the more unusual vessels built in 1912 was Life-Line, a gasoline-powered propeller vessel designed by George H. Hitchings and built for use as a mission boat by the Rev. G. L. Hall of the American Baptist Publications Society. Marshall summed up Life-Line's career and ended as follows:
List of vessels
References
Works cited
External links
Photo of Mud Hen, Aug 12, 1915
Coos Bay
Transportation in Coos County, Oregon
Steamboats by body of water
Xinjiang Chalkis Company Ltd () is a major Chinese agricultural company that processes tomatoes and fruits, founded in 1994. It also produces conical barrels and wooden ton-boxes. It is headquartered in Urumqi, Xinjiang, China.
Officers
Chairman of the Board - Zeng Chao as of 27 May 2013
Vice Chairman of the Board - Wu Ming as of 27 May 2013
References
External links
Company official site
Introduction from Famous Brand Fostered and Promoted by MOFCOM
Page in businessweek
Multinational food companies
Food and drink companies of China
Companies based in Xinjiang
Government-owned companies of China
Companies with year of establishment missing
The Armed Forces Bikers Veterans Charity (AFB) is a United Kingdom-based motorcycle charity which aims to assist former serving members of the armed forces in charitable need as a result of injury or other harmful experience suffered during their service, to resettle and rehabilitate into civilian life, also to relieve the needs of former members of the armed forces and their families.
History
The Armed Forces Bikers was founded on 25 May 2011 by former members of Army Bikers. The AFB are Side Patched Riders who gained charity status on 5 July 2012. UK Registered Charity Number 1147967 and Scottish Charity Number SC043586. The AFB is authorised to collect funds, operate and organise events in Northern Ireland under section 167 of the Charities Act (NI) 2008. All proceeds donated to the AFB are used for the benefit of veterans in charitable need. The AFB employs no staff, pays no wages or expenses and is run entirely by volunteers. The charity's activities are funded by AFB Trading Ltd, a non-profit online shop whose only shareholder is the charity.
Functions
Every year on the third weekend in July, motorcyclists from the Armed Forces Bikers and their supporters take part in the AFB 500 Challenge Weekend to raise money to fund its grant policy in addition to regular fundraising event organised in different regions of the United Kingdom.
The AFB also organise social events in many regions of the country for the benefit of its members and supporters.
On-line assistance
The AFB has an online grant form and grant policy.
References
External links
Fundraising Regulator
Military of the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 2011
Motorcyclists organizations
British veterans' organisations
Beyond the Dragon's Mouth: Stories and Pieces is a collection of Shiva Naipaul's journalism and stories prefaced by a short memoir, published by Hamish Hamilton in 1984.
The first part consists of a short memoir in which Naipaul writes about their childhood in Trinidad, the Dragon's Mouth in the title referring to the curious shape of the harbour through which they would set sail for Britain and Oxford University.
The second part consists of their short stories, such as The Man of Mystery, set in Trinidad.
The last part showcases their engaging journalism, both at home in England and around the globe, from cities such as Bombay (including coverage of the death of Sanjay Gandhi), Tehran in the last days of the Shah, and being forced to stay sober during Ramadan in Marrakesh, as well as more rural areas such as Bihar.
Their pieces on England are more personal than anything written about England by their more famous brother, the Nobel Laureate V S Naipaul, such as their account of enduring prejudice while looking for lodging in London during the 1960s. Living in Earl's Court was reproduced as part of an anthology of Black British Writing. Also included is their piece about Ugandan Asians relocating to a hostile Britain.
References
Essay collections
Hamish Hamilton books
1984 books
Jonathan Mark Lawrence, FRHistS (born 1961) is a British historian. Since 2019, they have been Professor of Modern British History at the University of Exeter.
Early life and education
Born in 1961, they attended King's College, Cambridge; after graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1983, they completed doctoral studies. In 1989, they were awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree for their thesis "Party Politics and the People: Continuity and Change in the Political History of Wolverhampton, 1815–1914", which was supervised by Gareth Stedman Jones.
Career
Lawrence subsequently taught at University College London and the University of Liverpool before they were appointed a university lecturer in modern British history at the University of Cambridge and a fellow of Emmanuel College, Cambridge, in 2004. They were promoted to a senior lectureship in 2006 and to a readership in 2011. In 2017, they moved to the University of Exeter to be an associate professor; they were promoted to be Professor of Modern British History in 2019.
As of 2021, they are a fellow of the Royal Historical Society. In 2017, they gave the annual Neale Lecture at University College London on the topic "The Culture Wars of Class in Post-War Britain".
Bibliography
Books
Thesis
Peer-reviewed articles and chapters
References
1961 births
English historians
Social historians
Political historians
Historians of the British Isles
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
Academics of University College London
Academics of the University of Liverpool
Fellows of Emmanuel College, Cambridge
Academics of the University of Exeter
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
Living people
The EG Awards of 2006 are the first Annual The Age EG (Entertainment Guide) Awards and took place at the Prince of Wales in October 2006.
The awards were created to celebrate The Age's Entertainment Guide's 21st birthday, and people were ask to vote in a number of categories from acts over the past 21 years. More than 37,000 votes were tallied in the poll.
Hall of Fame inductees / EG Legends
TISM
MC Dave Graney accepting the award on behalf of TISM, (who wear masks when in public) saying, "Legend is an over-used word, but the Melbourne music scene is full of them. As merciless watchdogs of affectation, preciousness, hype and general bull---- in popular culture, they are without doubt the hardest working individuals ever to don balaclavas and dance like their pills are on fire."
Performers
Bonnie Tyler - "Total Eclipse of the Heart"
Renee Geyer - "Under the Milky Way"
Award nominees and winners
Winners indicated below in boldface
Crowded House's Neil Finn said "The songs on Woodface were first written in East St Kilda, rehearsed in South Melbourne, and mostly recorded in South Yarra and Caulfield." Finn added "Melbourne was the birthplace of Crowded House and was always the town we chose to return to. It's forever deeply ingrained in our collective psyche and was the backdrop for many of our best musical moments," they said, before leaving open the possibility of a Hester-less band reunion."
References
2006 in Australian music
2006 music awards
Music Victoria Awards
Shoaib Shorbonam (born February 23, 1985) is a Bangladeshi poet, novelist, lyricist and reporter.  They are among the Bengali writers during the period from 2000 to 2010.  They are also one of the founders of Bangla literary web magazine Fiction Factory and Moviyana Film Society.
Life
Shoaib Shorbonam was born in 1985 at Ajimpur, Dhaka. Their father Sheikh Abu Asad was a freedom fighter in Bangladesh Liberation War.
Shorbonam was one of the founders of Moviyana Film Society. They were in the vanguard of the Bangladesh Little-mag Movement. As a reporter they worked at The Daily Ittefaq.
They have published four books; one of them, Shaoner Boyane Humayun, was a bestseller at the 2018 Ekushey Book Fair.
 They are the cultural secretary of the Narail Express Foundation. In 2020, Shorbonam co-founded the first Bangla subscription-based literary web magazine Fiction Factory.
Bibliography
Kola Chobi Anke (2012)
Bangla Boi (2017)
Shaoner Boyane Humayun (2018)
Kharap Kharap Kobita (2019)
References
1985 births
Living people
21st-century Bangladeshi poets
People from Dhaka
This is a list of members of the Council of the German Cultural Community between 1986 and 1990, following the direct elections of 1986.
Composition
Sources
List
1980s in Belgium
1990 in Belgium
is a private junior college in the city of Kōnan in Aichi Prefecture, Japan. Originally established in 1970 as a women's junior college, the school became coeducational in 1998. It will be closed in 2023 because of the decrease in the number of children.
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1970
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Aichi Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1970 establishments in Japan
Bichette is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bo Bichette (born 1998), American baseball player
Dante Bichette (born 1963), American baseball player and coach
Dante Bichette Jr. (born 1992), Brazilian-American baseball player, son of Dante and brother of Bo
Jessica Bichette (born 1980),
Owen Sinclair (13 November 1862 – 17 June 1927) was an Australian politician. They were a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 1915 to 1917, representing Port Melbourne for the Australian Labor Party and then as an independent.
They were born in Port Melbourne to sugar boiler Charles Sinclair and Sarah Duff. They worked as a glassblower, for the Victorian Railways and as a tobacconist in Bay Street, Port Melbourne. On 27 December 1887 they married Emma Margaret Hudson, with whom they had three children. In 1894, they pled guilty to charges associated with running an illegal betting operation out of their tobacconist shop and was fined. In 1915, the Port Melbourne Standard wrote that they were "by trade a flint glassmaker" but did "not now follow that calling, as they are a man of independent means".
Sinclair had a long and prominent involvement in community and sporting roles in the Port Melbourne area. They served on Port Melbourne City Council from 1906 until their death, but reportedly declined the mayoralty as it came with an expectation of appointment as justice of the peace, and Sinclair did not wish to pass sentence on people. They were also a commissioner of the Melbourne Harbour Trust and member of the Melbourne Tramway Trust, chairperson of Nott Street State School committee, and captain of the local fire brigade for many years, in which capacity they were seriously burned in an 1885 explosion at the Forresters Arms Hotel. Sinclair was also a keen sportsman, being a successful cricketer and footballer at local level, founder and trustee of the Port Melbourne Swimming Club, and for 17 years was a delegate of the Port Melbourne Football Club to the Victorian Football Association, becoming a life member of the Association.
In 1915, Sinclair was elected unopposed to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the endorsed Labor candidate in a by-election for the seat of Port Melbourne following the death of MP George Sangster. They lost Labor preselection for the 1917 election to James Murphy, then resigned from the party in an unsuccessful bid for re-election as an independent.
They later unsuccessfully contested the 1920 election as a "Democratic" candidate on a platform of free medical services for the poor, having the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court fill the role of Governor to save money, state-controlled railway works and granaries, free primary, secondary and tertiary education and the abolition of the Legislative Council.
Sinclair died at their home in Graham Street, Port Melbourne, in 1927 and was buried at the Melbourne General Cemetery. Flags were flown at half-mast at Victorian Football Association games that weekend, and a memorial tablet was later installed at the Port Melbourne Town Hall.
References
1862 births
1927 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Victoria
Independent members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Morley Markson is a Canadian industrial designer, film director and cinematographer from Toronto, Ontario.  They are most noted for their 1974 film Monkeys in the Attic, which was a Canadian Film Award nominee for Best Picture at the 26th Canadian Film Awards in 1975, and their 1988 documentary film Growing Up in America, which was a Genie Award nominee for Best Feature Length Documentary at the 10th Genie Awards in 1989.
Their 1971 film Breathing Together: Revolution of the Electric Family was a selection of the International Critics' Week at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival.
Filmography
Exploration (1967)
Kaleidoscope (1967)
America Simultaneous: The Electric Family (1968)
Electrocution of the World (1968)
Eyebang (1968)
Light Year (1968)
Retinal Capsule (1968)
Zero (1968)
The Tragic Diary of Zero the Fool (1969)
Breathing Together: Revolution of the Electric Family (1971)
Monkeys in the Attic (1974)
Off Your Rocker (1982)
Growing Up in America (1988)
References
External links
Canadian documentary film directors
Living people
Canadian cinematographers
Canadian experimental filmmakers
Canadian industrial designers
Canadian video artists
Film directors from Toronto
Artists from Toronto
Year of birth missing (living people)
Professional speaker may refer to:
Keynote speaker
Motivational speaker
Public speaker
Speaker (politics)
Voice actor
Professional loudspeaker
Notable persons
John J. Sweeney (professional speaker)
See also
Speaker (disambiguation)
National Speakers Association
Speakers bureau
Speaking fee
Association of Speakers Clubs
Toastmasters International
Ohio's 18th senatorial district has been established in northeastern Ohio, primarily along the shore of Lake Erie. It currently consists of Portage County and portions of Lake and Geauga counties. It encompasses Ohio House districts 61, 75 and 76. It has a Cook PVI of R+1. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Jerry Cirino.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 18th district senator at the 133rd Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Büyükkışla is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey. The village is populated by both Kurds and Turks.
Notable people
Selçuk Öztürk (born 1972), Dutch politician of Turkish descent
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Fred R. Stanton, born Frederick R. Schwerd, (1881 - May 27, 1925) was an actor in the United States. They had numerous film roles and also performed in theater.
They portray a Native American in Son of the Wolf and has a memorable knife fight with the star. They died on May 27, 1925, in Los Angeles of stomach cancer.
Filmography
Daredevil Kate (1916) as Bently
The Great Secret (1917) as The Great Master
De Luxe Annie (1918) as Detective Cronin
The Great Victory (1919) as Sergeant Gross
The Great Secret (serial) (1920), a serial as The Great Master
The Fighting Chance (1920) as Beverly Plank
The Spirit of Good (1920) as Neal Bradford
Jenny Be Good (1920) as Aaron Shuttles
The Silver Horde (1920) as big George Bolt
The Fire Bride (1922)
Them Sturdy Oak (1921) as Ranch Foreman
Perils of the Yukon (1922), a serial as Ivan Petroff
The Son of the Wolf (1922)
Danger Ahead (1923)
Little Church Around the Corner (1923) as The Sheriff
A Million to Burn (1923) as Langden
Canyon of the Fools (1923) as Jim Harper / Polhill
Trifling with Honor (1923) as Lute Clotz
When a Man's a Man (1924) as Nick Cambert
Find Your Man (1924) as Sheriff
References
1881 births
1925 deaths
American male silent film actors
20th-century American male actors
Deaths from stomach cancer
American male stage actors
Deaths from cancer in California
Kuntasi is an archaeological site (locally known as Bibi-no-Timbo) which is identified as a port belonging to the Indus Valley civilization. This site is located on the right bank of Phulki River, about 3 km south-east of Kuntasi village and 30 km from Morbi in Maliya taluka of Morbi District in Gujarat state of India. It is five km inlandward from present shore line. It was first reported by P. P Pandya and later thoroughly explored by Y. M. Chitalwala. The excavations revealed two periods of occupation. Period I is assigned to the Mature Harappan phase (c. 2200–1900 BCE) and the Period II is assigned to the Late Harappan phase (c.1900–1700 BCE). This site was identified as a jetty and a manufacturing centre.
Area
Kuntasi had 2 hectares of walled town and unwalled suburbs. A stone platform ran along the western side of wall. It appears to have been a planned settlement, established for production, storage and movement of goods.
Architecture
The excavated site consists of two parts, a two hectare walled settlement and unwalled suburbs. A stone platform ran along the western side of the wall, and adjoining this inside the walled town were a substantial industrial complex and a number of storage facilities. A centrally placed house with a number of rooms, including a private kitchen was found. Other houses lay in the north and west of the walled area, mostly large rectangular buildings. The houses in Kuntasi were built on stone foundations with walls of mud bricks in Harappan proportion but unusually large. In the southwestern corner, a large isolated room was found, which has been identified as a kitchen serving most of the settlement. The buildings were arranged around a large open space. However, the town of Kuntasi lacked Citadel which was prominent in bigger towns like Kalibangan, Dholavira, Banawali etc. belonging to Indus Valley Civilisation. A jetty (platform) for unloading and loading cargo on the boats going down the creek is also identified.
Double wall
Kuntasi had a double wall, built out of boulders and mud, separated by a passage with a width of about 20 meters. Southernwest corner of town had a tower, and eastern side had a gate flanked by guard chambers, presumably to control public access to the walled area.
Artifacts found
Pottery with drawings were found. Two cylindrical stone anchors, suggesting seaborne activity was also found. A small pot with copper hoard, few copper bangles, two finger rings and more than a thousand micro beads of steatite were also found. Other artifacts include cubical chart weights, tools made of bones, terracotta toy carts, agate and carnelian goods.
Importance
Kuntasi was similar to Lothal, another port town of IVC, though on a smaller scale. Lapis Lazuli was found in unusual large quantity in this settlement, indicating that it was exported to Mesopotamia, as lapis lazuli was known to have been an important export item from IVC to Mesopotamia. It is also suggested that a land route connected this site to Lothal via Rangpur, Gujarat.
See also
Hydraulic engineering of the Indus Valley Civilization
Indus Valley civilization
List of Indus Valley Civilization sites
List of inventions and discoveries of the Indus Valley Civilization
Notes
Indus Valley civilisation sites
Former populated places in India
Archaeological sites in Gujarat
Villages in Morbi district
Oramas is a surname of Spanish origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Ana Oramas (born 1959), Spanish politician
Faustino Oramas (1911 - 2007), Cuban singer
Robert Oramas (born 1984), Venezuelan volleyball player
Spanish-language surnames
Shelby Rogers was the defending champion, having won the event in 2013, but chose not to participate.
Anna Tatishvili won the all-American final, defeating Irina Falconi 6–2, 6–4.
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main draw
Coleman Vision Tennis Championships - Singles
Coleman Vision Tennis Championships
2014 Coleman Vision Tennis Championships
Defina is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 6,109.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Irene Barclay (1894–1989), née Martin, was the first woman to qualify in England as a chartered surveyor, and was a noted campaigner for social housing.
Life
Irene Barclay was the daughter of a socialist and pacifist Congregationalist minister and the first Woman in Britain to qualify as a chartered surveyor, following the passage of the Sex Disqualification Removal Act 1919. They sat their final exams with the College of Estate Management(now the University College of Estate Management) in 1922. Barclay was at the time of their qualification working for the Crown Estate as housing manager, managing its working class housing estates near Regent's Park.
Career
Barclay established a professional partnership with Evelyn Perry, who qualified the year after her, which they ran until 1940. Irene continued to practise until 1972, marking 50 years in the profession.
Although Barclay had a general surveying practice they are best known for the work their firm did for the St Pancras House Improvements Society (later St Pancras Housing Association) of which they were secretary. This was founded in Somers Town by the Anglican priest Basil Jellicoe and Barclay provided it with stability over their long tenure as its Secretary. The Association later worked elsewhere in North London. Them pioneering social and housing surveys in the 1920s drew the attention of the middle classes to the plight of slum dwellers including Somers Town, Pimlico, North Kensington and Edinburgh as described in their memoirs Barclay, who has been described as ‘Irene, the patron of the poor',was appointed an OBE for their significant and valuable work as a social reformer.
Barclay subsequently played a leading role in the foundation of a number of housing associations in the 1920s and 1930s, including Kensington Housing Trust, Stepney Housing Trust, Isle of Dogs Housing Society and Bethnal Green Housing Society. Most of these were established on the basis of their surveys of property and housing conditions.
Irene Barclay was sister of Kingsley Martin, and married John Barfield Barclay (c 1897–1966), sometime staff member of the Peace Pledge Union and of International Help for Children. On retirement Barclay went to live in Canada, where they died.  They are commemorated in the Somers Town Mural in Camden.
References
1894 births
1989 deaths
English surveyors
People educated at Haberdashers' Monmouth School for Girls
Alumni of University College of Estate Management
Franz Schubert (31 January 1797 – 19 November 1828), a Viennese composer of the late Classical to early Romantic eras, left a very extended body of work notwithstanding their short life. They wrote over 1500 items, or, when collections, cycles and variants are grouped, some thousand compositions. The largest group are their over six hundred Lieder for solo voice and piano. They composed nearly as many piano pieces, and further some 150 part songs, some 40 liturgical compositions (including several masses) and around 20 stage works like operas and incidental music. Their orchestral output includes thirteen symphonies (seven completed) and several overtures. Schubert's chamber music includes over 20 string quartets, and several quintets, trios and duos.
Otto Erich Deutsch compiled the first comprehensive catalogue of Schubert's works and published it in 1951 as Schubert: Thematic Catalogue of all their Works in Chronological Order. A revised edition appeared in German in 1978. Later editions of the catalogue contained minor updates.
Publication of Schubert's compositions started during their lifetime, by opus number. After the composer's death, posthumous opus numbers continued to be assigned to new publications of their work until 1867 (Op. post. 173). Meanwhile, publications without opus number had also started. For instance, from shortly after the composer's death, the many songs in Diabelli's fifty (installment from the heritage) editions.
There are two attempts to publish everything Schubert has composed in a single edition:
From 1884 to 1897 Breitkopf & Härtel published twenty-two series of , known as the (AGA, the former complete edition). From 1965 Dover Publications started to reprint this edition, and later it was made available at the IMSLP website.
The (NSA), also known as the New Schubert Edition (NSE), is published by Bärenreiter (Kassel). Plans for this edition began as early as 1963, with the foundation of the International Schubert Society, headquartered at the University of Tübingen, Germany. 81 of the edition's projected 101 volumes were published by early May 2015, and it is scheduled to conclude in 2027.
Websites such as Schubert Online (schubert-online.at) provide facsimiles (scans) of Schubert's autographs and of other manuscripts and early editions of their work. Texts of Schubert's vocal music can be published without the music, for instance their Lieder (songs) at the LiederNet Archive website.
Works listed in the Deutsch catalogue
The 1951 first edition of the Deutsch catalogue attempted to list all dated works by Schubert in chronological order, assigning them a number from 1 to 965. Undated works were ordered in the range 966–992. Nos. 993–998 referred to manuscripts that had resurfaced shortly before the catalogue was printed.
Later versions of the catalogue adhered to the general principles that Deutsch numbers below 966 referred, in a chronological order, to compositions by Schubert with an established time of composition, and that the range 966–992 was reserved for their compositions with an uncertain date of composition. Thus "Die Taubenpost", the last Lied Schubert composed, was reassigned from D 957 No. 14 to D 965A, and D 993, an early piano composition, to D 2E.
Spurious and doubtful works (Anh. I) Annex I of the first edition of the catalogue contains only a single composition under the header Spurious and doubtful works, but however also points to some compositions with authentication issues elsewhere in the catalogue. The 1978 edition of the catalogue lists 32 spurious and doubtful works in its first Anhang (annex), including some that were for that reason removed from the main catalogue.
Arrangements by Schubert (Anh. II) The 1978 version of the catalogue lists 4 arrangements by Schubert in its second Anhang
Works of others composers copied by Schubert (Anh. III) Annex II in the first edition of the catalogue contains compositions by other composers copied by Schubert. In the 1978 edition the list was expanded and became Anhang III.
"Setting" vs. "version" distinction the New Schubert Edition distinguishes between Bearbeitung (setting) and Fassung (version), the first meaning an independent composition, the second stages of the same composition (modifications of essentially the same composition). Usually different settings have different D numbers, while versions are grouped under the same D number, unless when set for a different (group of) performer(s). The first edition of the Deutsch catalogue was less strict on that point, leading to Deutsch number reassignments in later publications. Example: is described as two settings of the same text in the original catalogue, the second having become "D deest" by the time it was published in Series IV, Volume 8 of the New Schubert Edition (while the music has no resemblance to the earlier setting). On the other hand, despite a difference in key and number of movements, the original and were ultimately published under the same D number as two versions of the same sonata.
Legend
Table
|- id="1–1C" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="000.9" colspan="2" | 1–1C
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1810" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1809-12-31" | 1810
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1810" | Up ↑
|- id="2–12" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="001.9" colspan="2" | 2–12
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1811" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1810-12-31" | 1811
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1811" | Up ↑
|- id="13–37" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="012.9" colspan="2" | 13–37
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1812" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1811-12-31" | 1812
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1812" | Up ↑
|- id="37A–91" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="037.09" colspan="2" | 37A–91
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1813" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1812-12-31" | 1813
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1813" | Up ↑
|- id="92–126" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="091.9" colspan="2" | 92–126
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1814" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1813-12-31" | 1814
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1814" | Up ↑
|- id="127–330" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="126.9" colspan="2" | 127–330
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1815" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1814-12-31" | 1815
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1815" | Up ↑
|- id="331–510" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="330.9" colspan="2" | 331–510
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1816" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1815-12-31" | 1816
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1816" | Up ↑
|- id="511–598" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="510Z" colspan="2" | 511–598
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1817" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1816-12-31" | 1817
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1817" | Up ↑
|- id="599–632" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="598Z" colspan="2" | 599–632
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1818" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1817-12-31" | 1818
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1818" | Up ↑
|- id="633–678" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="632Z" colspan="2" | 633–678
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1819" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1818-12-31" | 1819
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1819" | Up ↑
|- id="679–708" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="678Z" colspan="2" | 679–708
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1820" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1819-12-31" | 1820
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1820" | Up ↑
|- id="708A–732" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="708A" colspan="2" | 708A–732
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1821" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1820-12-31" | 1821
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1821" | Up ↑
|- id="733–767" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="732Z" colspan="2" | 733–767
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1822" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1821-12-31" | 1822
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1822" | Up ↑
|- id="768–798" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="767Z" colspan="2" | 768–798
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1823" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1822-12-31" | 1823
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1823" | Up ↑
|- id="799–822" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="798Z" colspan="2" | 799–822
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1824" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1823-12-31" | 1824
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1824" | Up ↑
|- id="823–862" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="822Z" colspan="2" | 823–862
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1825" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1824-12-31" | 1825
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1825" | Up ↑
|- id="863–895" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="862Z" colspan="2" | 863–895
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1826" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1825-12-31" | 1826
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1826" | Up ↑
|- id="896–936" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="895Z" colspan="2" | 896–936
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1827" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1826-12-31" | 1827
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1827" | Up ↑
|- id="936A–965B" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="936.09" colspan="2" | 936A–965B
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1828" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1827-12-31" | 1828
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1828" | Up ↑
|- id="966–992" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="965Z" colspan="2" | 966–992
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1829" colspan="5" |
| data-sort-value="1828-11-18" | 1810–1828
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1829" | Up ↑
|- id="Anh. I" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="999.1" colspan="2" | Anh. I
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1831" colspan="5" | Spurious and doubtful works
| data-sort-value="1830-12-31" |
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1831" | Up ↑
|- id="Anh. II" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="999.2" colspan="2" | Anh. II
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1832" colspan="5" | Schubert's arrangements
| data-sort-value="1831-12-31" |
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1832" | Up ↑
|- id="Anh. III" style="text-align: center; background: #D8D8D8;"
| data-sort-value="999.3" colspan="2" | Anh. III
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1833" colspan="5" | Schubert's copies of compositions by other composers
| data-sort-value="1832-12-31" |
| data-sort-value="ZZZZZ1833" | Up ↑
|}
Not in the Deutsch catalogue
The New Schubert Edition mentions several compositions without a Deutsch number (D deest), most of them lost or fragmentary:
Song for voice and piano, improvised for a play, possibly identical to (1815?, lost?)
"Seliges Genügen", on a text by Johanna Claudine von Ziglowski (date unknown, lost)
Song, fragment for voice and piano (, lost)
Fragment without text for vocal soloists, choir and orchestra (date unknown)
"doch stärker ist die Mutterliebe", fragment for voice and orchestra (date unknown, lost)
Overture for orchestra (date unknown, lost)
String Quartet in B-flat major (1816, lost)
Fantasy for string quartet (1813, lost)
String Sextet, fragment for three violins, viola, cello and double bass (date unknown, lost)
Fugue for piano duet (1813, lost)
"Lieder für das Pianoforte": songs for voice and/or piano (unknown date, lost)
Minuet for piano? (1813?, sketch)
Canon a trè: fragment of a canon for three voices (1816?)
Canon in C major for five voices (1826?)
Three 2-part imitation exercises in invertible counterpoint (1828)
External links
Franz Schubert (1797-1828): Werke sortiert nach D (Deutsch-Verzeichnis, 1951) at
Franz Schubert: Catalogue des oeuvres at
Franz SCHUBERT: Catalogo delle composizioni at
The Disabled Veterans National Foundation (DVNF) is an American registered charity that provides service for disabled veterans. Founded in 2007, the organization is based in Lanham, Maryland.
History
DVNF was founded in the fall of 2007 by six women veterans and State Women Veterans Coordinators to expand their scope of work within the veterans' community.
The foundation aims to serve the needs of veterans, including homeless veterans, women veterans, and veterans who experience posttraumatic stress disorder, brain injuries and invisible disabilities. According to their website, the group aims to "change the lives of men and women who came home wounded or sick after defending our safety and our freedom."
Disbursement of funds
The Disabled Veterans National Foundation has provided $1 million in aid for nearly 23,000 veterans in six states. The foundation sent goods to centers in California, Houston, Knoxville, and Kansas City including spring water, men's shirts, bananas, paper towels and work gloves. The organization has worked to lobby congress to pass a bill helping homeless veterans gain access to housing and homeless assistance programs.
CharityWatch announced in 2010 that less than one percent of monies collected by the charity went to veterans groups. subsequently the organization has received an F rating for is transparency and performance.
A 2012 CNN investigation that aired on Anderson Cooper 360° alleged that after reviewing DVNF's annual tax returns the organization spent more than one dollar on fund raising expenses for each dollar raised. The investigative report further highlighted that the few material products or goods given to veterans groups were items such as football pants, chef jackets and thousands of Coconut M&M's.
According to the Disabled Veterans National Foundation, in March 2010, the board of directors commissioned Professor Richard Harold Steinberg to do an analysis to determine whether their approach was working, after an initial investigation by CNN. DVNF says that Steinberg found no cause of concern regarding misrepresentation to potential donors.
In May 2012, Senator Max Baucus, chair of the Senate Finance Committee and Senator Richard Burr of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs stated they are investigating DVNF following the CNN report. The open letter to DVNF contained 14 questions about their tax-exempt status and fundraising activities.
As of 2019, the Disabled Veterans National Foundation has not responded to written Better Business Bureau requests for accountability information beyond that typically included in financial statements and government filings, in order to demonstrate transparency and strengthen public trust in the charitable sector. According to the charity watchdog group, the American Institute of Philanthropy, the Disabled Veterans National Foundation is, "contractually obligated to allow another fundraising company it hired, Brickmill Marketing Services to keep 100% of what it raises from donors until the charity's debts to this company [Brickmill Marketing Services] are paid off." The institute found that the Disabled Veterans National Foundation has obscene fundraising costs, needing up to 98 cents to raise every dollar.
Settlement with New York Attorney General
New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman signed a settlement with DVNF and its professional fundraising consultants on June 30, 2014. The settlement included fines that the state attorney general called the "largest amount of financial relief ever obtained for deceptive charitable fundraising," and was widely covered in the news media. One consulting firm, Quadriga Art LLC, paid $9.7 million in damages, and another, Convergence Direct Marketing, paid $300,000. Quadriga also agreed to pay restitution to DVNF in the form of nearly $13.8 million in debt forgiveness. For its part, DVNF agreed to replace most of its fundraising consultants, to recruit new board members, and to prevent misrepresentations in future fundraising solicitations.
Board members
In April 2010, Precilla Wilkewitz, a Vietnam War veteran who served from 1966 to 1969, was named president of the veterans group. They replaced DVNF co-founder Delilah Washburn who died in April 2010. Wilkewitz is also the State Quarter Master Adjutant for the Louisiana Veterans of Foreign Wars. In 2005, Wilkewitz was reappointed by Louisiana Governor Kathleen B. Blanco to serve on the Louisiana Veterans Affairs Commission for a six-year term, ending in 2011. Under the direction of Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal, they helped them orchestrate the first Annual Women Veterans Forum to educate women veterans about VA entitlements.
In December 2012, DVNF announced the addition of Steve Weyher and Mike McNaughton to its board of directors. Steve Weyher is a Vietnam veteran of the U.S. Army who served until 1971. Mike McNaughton, also a veteran of the U.S. Army, and served in the military until 2004.
References
External links
Dvnf.org - official website
Organizations established in 2007
American veterans' organizations
Non-profit organizations based in Maryland
501(c)(3) organizations
Kids Near Water were an English emo, punk and hardcore band from Exeter, England, (featuring ex-members of Annalise and Clinch) who formed in late 2000. The band was composed of lead vocalist and guitarist Brian Read, guitarist and vocalist Simon Joyce, bassist John Astbury and drummer Nik Finch. Kids Near Water released two studio albums, two studio EPs and appeared on several split EPs and compilations.
History
The band initially formed to play one single show and sneak into Millennium celebrations hosted by Exeter Cavern Club for free. Although they had no name at the time, the group appeared at the event unbilled and ended their set proclaiming "Thanks a lot Exeter, we've been YOUNG CHURCH!". After the show they decided to continue and changed their name to Kids Near Water.
Extended Player One, Mosh & Go and There Is no I In Team EPs (2000-2001)
Signed to Firefly Recordings their debut EP, Extended Player One being the label's first release. The EP was recorded by former Understand member John Hannon in Essex and was awarded 5 K's in Kerrang! as well as a favourable review in NME. Monk Dave, famous cross dressing, pro Bnp Editor of the UK punk-zine Fracture described the release as "quite simply the best demo I have ever heard". In October 2001, the band's track "Distance Over Time" appeared alongside Jimmy Eat World, Stapleton and San Quentin on the Fierce Panda Records release Mosh & Go. The band's third release was recorded by former PJ Harvey producer Head in Glastonbury, Somerset and released by Firefly Recordings in November 2001. The same year, the band toured with the punk band Elliot, opened the Concrete Jungle stage at the Reading Festival in August and ended the year with a home-town Christmas show at the Exeter Cavern Club. The show was dubbed the 'Freakscene KKKKKristmas party' because the line up, which also included Exeter punk bands Tyler and Shoe! had each scored high marks with their debut releases in Kerrang! magazine that year.
¡Hey Zeus! (2003)
The band's debut album, recorded by John Hannon was released by Firefly Recordings in 2003.
Cave Bear Is Flying Panda LP and 'Kids Near Water / The Coalfield / America Is Waiting' split EP (2005)
The band appeared on a three-way split release with The Coalfield and America Is Waiting ahead of their second album. The band have become seemingly inactive since the release of the album Cave Bear Is Flying Panda in early 2005 and members have not continued musical projects since. Artwork for the release was done by former 2000 AD artist Shaky Kane.
Touring
The band toured with A Hundred Reasons, Garrison, Hell Is For Heroes and played shows with Fugazi, Sum 41, Dead Inside, Copperpot Journals, Jerry Built, Tyler, Shoe! Chariots, Ursa Scuttle, Capdown, and Cat on Form.
Discography
Extended Player One (EP) (2001)
1 Some Free Advice
2 When It Comes To You, I Step On Cracks
3 Post Scriptum
4 Telegram
5 Gone
Mosh & Go (2001)
1 Jimmy Eat World - A Praise Chorus
2 San Quentin - Six Seconds
3 Stapleton - Acres And Yards
4 Kidsnear Water - Distance Overtime
5 Jetplane Landing - What The Argument Has Changed
6 Econoline - Topology
7 Seafood - Guntrip
8 Twist - Dent
9 Caffeine - Love Can Wait
10 Parkinsons, The - Bad Girl
11 Suffrajets, The - Universal Superstar
12 Tung - Kidney Failure
13 Reuben - Wooden Boy
14 Elviss - De-Change
15 Caretakers - Hidden Agenda
16 Hundred Reasons - Slow Learner
There Is No I In Team (EP) (2001)
1 This Machine Kills
2 Starting Time
3 Queen And Three
4 Distance Over Time
5 Anniversary
¡Hey Zeus! (LP) (2003)
1 Bad Day Contest
2 ..... And The Horse You Rode In On,
3 Forward Thinking
4 And We Two Were Lost
5 The Answer Is Never
6 Congratulations On A Job Well Done
7 Speaker Wire
8 Pleasant Morning Thoughts
9 Token
10 Be Careful
Kids Near Water, The Coalfield, America Is Waiting (2005)
1 Kids Near Water - They're Wiping Us Out
2 Kids Near Water - Practice Our Miracles
3 Kids Near Water - If You Only Knew
4 America Is Waiting - Sympathy For Rome
5 America Is Waiting - Separation Between
6 America Is Waiting - We'll Hammer These Swords Into Guitars
7 Coalfields, The - Portrait Receiver
8 Coalfields, The - Isolation & Tragedy
9 Coalfields, The - Perfect Fusion
Cave Bear Is Flying Panda (LP) (2005)
1 So This Is How It Begins
2 Bang After Bang After Bang
3 Theme Song Of Master Yoo
4 By Any Means Necessary
5 Who Watches The Watchers?
6 Surveying The Scene
7 The Known Unknown
8 The Wrong
9 A Brief Word Of Warning
10 And This Is How It Ends
Play Dead fanzine compilation, featuring Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly, This Aint Vegas (2005)
References
Musical groups established in 2000
English indie rock groups
Musical groups from Devon
Rice Vaughan (d. circa 1672) was a seventeenth-century Anglo-Welsh lawyer and economist known for writing a seminal work on economics and currencies entitled A Discourse on Coins and Coinage.
Biography
Rice Vaughan was the "second son of Henry Vaughan of Gelli-goch, Machynlleth, and Mary, daughter of Maurice Wynn of Glyn, near Harlech." They graduated from the Shrewsbury School in 1615 and later in life entered Gray's Inn for a career in the law before being admitted to the bar in 1648. During the English Civil War, they sided with parliament against King Charles I.  They are thought to have died before the publication of their works, the earliest in 1672.
Works
1651: A Plea for the Common Laws of England (a reply to Hugh Peter's A Good Work for a Good Magistrate; Practica Walliae, or, The Proceedings in the Great Sessions of Wales (published posthumously, in 1672)
1675: A Discourse of Coin and Coinage (published posthumously and edited by poet, Henry Vaughan)
A Discourse of Coin and Coinage
Vaughan wrote an early work on currency, A Discourse of Coin and Coinage (1675). They argued that it was a mass voluntary consensus, the "concurrence of humankind", that gave currency its value as a medium of exchange, not the laws which enforce the usage of currency or the inherent worth of a currency's material composition (such as gold or silver). This work also contained the earliest known research on price level changes and price indices. John Ramsay McCulloch included A Discourse... in their A Select Collection of Scarce and Valuable Tracts on Money (1856).
References
External links
A Discourse of Coin and Coinage in plain text
A Discourse of Coin and Coinage in EPUB/Kindle/PDF formats
English economists
17th-century English writers
17th-century English male writers
Welsh economists
17th-century economic history
1670s deaths
Year of birth unknown
Alexander Downie Dawson (21 February 1940 – 17 July 2020) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward. They were born in Aberdeen in Scotland, but began their professional career with Manchester United, where they spent four years before joining nearby Preston North End in 1961. In six seasons there, they made almost 200 league appearances and scored 114 goals. They then spent a year with fellow Lancashire side Bury, before moving to Brighton & Hove Albion. In 1970, they went on loan to Brentford, but their league career ended the following year. They spent two more seasons playing for Corby Town before retiring in 1973.
Career
Born in Aberdeen, Dawson started their career as a trainee with Manchester United under Matt Busby in the mid 1950s. They were given their First Division debut as a 17-year-old on 22 April 1957, when they scored in a 2–0 home win over Burnley in the First Division. They also found the net in United's next two league games against Cardiff City and West Bromwich Albion. These games came after United had sealed the First Division title for a second successive season.
In 1957–58, they made just one appearance during the first six months of the season, but then came the Munich air disaster in which eight Manchester United players lost their lives, including forwards Tommy Taylor and Liam Whelan, while Bobby Charlton and Dennis Viollet were unavailable for several weeks as they recovered from their injuries. They were on the scoresheet in United's first game after the crash, scoring one of United's goals in a 3–0 victory over Sheffield Wednesday in the fifth round of the FA Cup. They remained a regular player in the team until the season's end, scoring a hat-trick against Fulham in the FA Cup semi-final replay at Highbury. They remain the most recent player to score a hat-trick in an FA Cup semi-final. They were in the team for the Wembley final against Bolton Wanderers, but United lost 2–0.
They faced competition for a first-team place from new signing Albert Quixall, which restricted them to 11 appearances in 1958–59. The subsequent two seasons saw Dawson enjoy more regular first team action, and in the 1960–61 season they scored an impressive 20 goals in all competitions.
Dawson's first team chances were limited in 1961–62 following the arrival of David Herd.
They left United for Preston North End in 1961 after scoring 54 goals in all competitions for the Red Devils. At Preston, they became known as the "Black Prince of Deepdale" and featured in their 1964 FA Cup Final team. They scored in the final as Preston lost 3–2 to West Ham United. They later played for Bury, Brighton and Brentford.
Dawson died on 17 July 2020, aged 80.
References
1940 births
2020 deaths
Footballers from Aberdeen
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
Manchester United F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Bury F.C. players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
English Football League players
Corby Town F.C. players
Outfield association footballers who played in goal
FA Cup Final players
Norman L. Jones (September 19, 1870 – November 15, 1940) was an American jurist and politician.
Born in Patterson, Illinois, Jones and their family moved to Carrollton, Illinois in 1872. Jones was educated at Valparaiso University and the United States Military Academy. They studied law with Henry Thomas Rainey, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. Jones was admitted to the Illinois bar in 1896. Jones served as city attorney for Carrollton, Illinois and as state's attorney for Greene County, Illinois. In 1893 and 1895, Jones served in the Illinois House of Representatives and was a Democrat. In 1924, Jones was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Illinois. They served as Illinois Circuit Court judge and as Illinois Appellate Court judge. From 1931 until their death in 1940, Jones served on the Illinois Supreme Court.
Notes
1870 births
1940 deaths
People from Greene County, Illinois
Valparaiso University alumni
United States Military Academy alumni
Illinois state court judges
Judges of the Illinois Appellate Court
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
Illinois Democrats
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
People from Carrollton, Illinois
Military personnel from Illinois
USS Ibex (IX-119), an Armadillo-class tanker designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the ibex, a variety of wild goat found in Europe, Asia, and Africa. Them keel was laid down as Nicholas Longworth under a Maritime Commission contract (T. EC2-S-C1) by the California Shipbuilding Corporation in Wilmington, California, on 16 October 1943. They were renamed Ibex on 27 October, launched on 15 November sponsored by Mrs. A. T. Olson, acquired by the Navy 13 December 1943; and commissioned the same day.
After shakedown off the West Coast, Ibex departed San Pedro, California, on 23 January 1944, arriving Noumea, New Caledonia, on 18 February. Operating as a floating storage ship they transported gasoline and lube oil in the South Pacific for the next eight months. From October until the end of World War II they operated with Servron 8, Third Fleet, which supplied the fighting units during the most crucial months of the war.
After VJ Day they remained in the Far East servicing the occupation forces; then returned to the United States early in 1946. Ibex decommissioned at Norfolk, Virginia, on 28 June 1946 and was returned to the Maritime Commission on 30 June. In 1948 they were sold to T. J. Stevenson Company, Inc. and renamed Helen Stevenson.
References
External links
Photo gallery at Navsource.org
Liberty ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
Armadillo-class tankers
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
1943 ships
Joey Arrington (born July 25, 1956) is an American former NASCAR driver, team owner, and crew chief from Rocky Mount, Virginia. They made nine Winston Cup Series starts with the best finish of 12th. They made their first start in 1974 as a 17-year-old and raced until 1980.
 They are currently the owner of Race Engines Plus LLC and is the son of former NASCAR driver Buddy Arrington. Arrington was a partner in Bobby Hamilton Racing. Joey Arrington started Arrington Manufacturing and Arrington Engines in 2000. After selling their interests in both entities, they moved the majority of their business ventures to Concord, NC. In 2012 Joey, once again, owned a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Team under the Toyota banner with REP providing the engines.
Biography
Arrington is the son of Buddy and Jeanette Arrington, and often was present at their father's races. Their interests in engines and car tuning were sparked by Petty Enterprises engine builder Maurice Petty, and Joey would tweak their skills in the Petty shop in Level Cross. After graduating from high school in 1975, the younger Arrington became the crew chief and engine builder for their father's racing efforts.
Arrington was an integral part of Dodge's return to stock car racing, building engines and providing parts for Dodge teams for their return to ARCA in 1991, Trans-Am, and the Craftsman Truck Series in 1995.
Arrington Manufacturing / Race Engines Plus
In 2000, Arrington founded Arrington Manufacturing, Inc. in Martinsville, Virginia, also operating as Arrington Engines. Arrington built engines for Dodge truck teams Bobby Hamilton Racing and Ultra Motorsports, winning championships in 2004 and 2005 with Ted Musgrave and Bobby Hamilton.
In 2009, with Dodge pulling support from the Truck Series, Arrington shifted its focus and expanded into the aftermarket parts industry. That same year, they began providing engines to rookie Cup team Tommy Baldwin Racing, a team they had worked with in the NASCAR Nationwide Series.
In 2011, Arrington began their new entity, called Race Engines Plus and located in the auto racing hub of Concord, North Carolina. The company builds race engines for teams in NASCAR, NHRA, and SCCA. Race Engines Plus also provides engine building contract services for businesses and individuals. REP provides rebuild and complete engine building services for race teams and the speed enthusiast. The Weddington Road location of Race Engines Plus is the all under one roof engine building facility owned entirely by Joey Arrington.
Arrington's association with Dodge remains, providing customized HEMI engines for street cars. Buddy Arrington, Joey's father, was a 2015 Mopar Hall of Fame inductee.
References
1956 births
Living people
NASCAR drivers
NASCAR team owners
People from Rocky Mount, Virginia
Racing drivers from Virginia
100 North Main Street, also known as Wells Fargo Center, is a postmodern, 460-foot (140 m), 34-floor office skyscraper in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, United States. Originally named Wachovia Center, the building served as the corporate headquarters of Wachovia bank from 1995, the year of the tower's construction, to 2001, the year the corporation merged with First Union and moved its headquarters to Charlotte, North Carolina. It is the tallest building in the Piedmont Triad region and was the tallest in the Carolinas outside Charlotte until 2008, when RBC Plaza (now PNC Plaza) was completed in Raleigh.
The building was designed by Petronas Towers architect César Pelli and features Moravian architectural themes, which are widely found in Winston-Salem. Notable aspects include the Moravian arch, which was used in the dome's design, and the Moravian star, which was used on the lobby's mosaics. Pelli said the tower design resembled a rosebud about to bloom. It is sheathed in Olympia white granite and is the only granite-domed skyscraper in the world. The granite comes from a single quarry in Sardinia. The dome rises 59 ft (18 m) and houses mechanical equipment. The gardens around the site were designed by Cesar Pelli's wife Diana Balmori, a landscape architect. Atlanta based developer Taylor & Mathis, managed the development.
History
The building was built for Wachovia bank to replace the nearby Wachovia Building (which was renamed Winston Tower) as the corporation's world headquarters. Wachovia Center, as the tower was originally named, surpassed Winston Tower as Winston-Salem's tallest building. The building was constructed during a lull in skyscraper construction in the United States and was the tallest building completed in the entire country during the years of 1995 and 1996. The building remained Wachovia's corporate headquarters from its completion date in 1995 to 2001, when Wachovia merged with First Union. Once the merger was finalized, the corporation, which retained the Wachovia name, decided to locate its headquarters at One Wachovia Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. Wachovia subsequently sold Wachovia Center to American Financial Realty Trust in May 2004 for $39.6 million as part of a $546 million deal which included 150 bank properties. Wachovia bank continued to lease space in the tower, mostly for offices of its wealth management division.
2008
On April 1, 2008, American Financial was bought by Gramercy Capital, which assumed ownership of the building. Gramercy then sold the property to SL Winston-Salem LLC, on October 23, 2008 for $36 million.
Wachovia, which as of 2009 leased seventeen floors of 100 North Main Street, was purchased by Wells Fargo on December 31, 2008 and ceased to exist as a separate company in September 2011. It is uncertain whether Wells Fargo will elect to continue to lease space in the tower in near future, but Bobby Finch, 100 North Main Street's leasing handler, hoped "that the low cost of the lease will be attractive and compelling to Wells Fargo as it evaluates the Winston-Salem and Charlotte operations it is taking over from Wachovia."
2012
Wells Fargo, whose lease continued another thirteen years, occupied 65 percent of the building. Other major tenants included Deutsche Bank Securities, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center and the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
2015
Linville Team Partners was contracted to lease vacant space, promoting the building as both the Wells Fargo Center, and 100 North Main Street, the building's formal address.
2018
A filing posted October 15, 2018 showed that WFC Property LLC of Oklahoma City purchased the building for $62 million.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Winston-Salem
List of the tallest buildings in North Carolina
Wachovia (disambiguation)
Winston Tower
References
César Pelli buildings
Skyscraper office buildings in Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Office buildings completed in 1995
Jan de Voogd (13 September 1924 – 25 June 2015) was a Dutch politician, they served as member of the House of Representatives for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy between 1977 and 1981. They were also active in politics in their native province of Zeeland, serving as member of the States of Zeeland between June 1974 and March 1991 and concurrently as member of the Provincial-Executive from 1982 to March 1991.
Career
De Voogd was born on 13 September 1924 in Veere, Zeeland. They followed their secondary education at the Hogere Burgerschool in Middelburg. In the 1940s they worked several years for the municipality of Veere. Starting in 1946 they worked for the government employment office, first ten years in Middelburg and subsequently ten years as director of the Vlissingen office. In 1965 they became the main consultant for a regional agency concerning students in Zeeland, which they stayed until 1978.
De Voogd took up political office on 5 June 1974 when they became member of the States of Zeeland for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy. Starting on 2 June 1982 they concurrently served as member of the Provincial-Executive. Their portfolio compromised amongst others infrastructure, public transport and legal affairs. They retired from both provincial offices in March 1991.
On the national political level De Voogd served as member of the House of Representatives between 22 December 1977 and 10 June 1981. In the House they dealt mostly with social affairs and was considered a backbencher.
Apart from their political functions De Voogd was active in numerous societal organisations and commissions. They were made a Knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion on 29 April 1991. They died on 25 June 2015 in Veere.
References
External links
Parlement.com biography
1924 births
2015 deaths
Knights of the Order of the Netherlands Lion
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Members of the Provincial Council of Zeeland
Members of the Provincial-Executive of Zeeland
People from Veere
People's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
The 2000 season saw the Utes sliding back again. They went 4–7, the worst W-L record since Ron McBride's first season in 1990.
Schedule
Roster
After the season
NFL draft
Two players went in the 2001 NFL Draft, including future pro bowler Steve Smith.
References
Utah
Utah Utes football seasons
Utah Utes football
Lynette Pearson (1950 - c. 11 December 2001), known professionally as Lynette Lithgow), was a Trinidad-born, British-based newsreader and journalist who is best remembered for their career as a newsreader for BBC News.
Lithgow's first media job was as a broadcaster for Radio Television Brunei during the 1970s. During the 1980s, they moved to Britain. After working as a presenter for Midlands Today and a continuity announcer for Granada Television, Lithgow moved to London as a newsreader for the national BBC News in 1988.
Lithgow joined the BBC's world television service on its launch in 1991 and also presented BBC 2's Newsview. Lithgow was the first BBC newsreader to announce the resignation of Margaret Thatcher around 9:45 AM, interrupting an edition of People Today, on 22 November 1990.
Lithgow quit the BBC in 1996 upon gaining a law degree from Oxford University. They subsequently moved to the business news channel CNBC Asia (based in Singapore), where they worked until their death in Trinidad in December 2001.
Murder
Lithgow was murdered, along with their 83-year-old mother, Maggie Lee, and their British brother-in-law, John Cropper, at the family home in Port of Spain. The family had just enjoyed a tea party when bandits struck. The family was found with their hands bound and their throats cut. A detective who was granted anonymity due to a rule forbidding police from contacting the media during an investigation called the murder scene "the most brutal and grisly" they had ever seen, adding in a statement to the BBC, "I have visited a number of scenes in my career, but I never see anything as brutal or grisly as that."
While earlier reports stated that a "group of bandits" had ambushed the home, only two men were ever arrested and charged for their involvement in the crime: Lester Pittman and Daniel Agard. Both were convicted of murder, and both were immediately sentenced to death in 2004, as murder convictions come with a mandatory death sentence in Trinidad and Tobago. After repeatedly appealing the sentences, both Pittman and Agard had their sentences overturned in March 2010 due to the fact that the law in Trinidad and Tobago prohibited the executions of prisoners who had spent more than five years on death row. In December 2013, both were re-sentenced to a minimum of 40 years in prison.
Personal life
Lynette Lithgow was married twice and had two children from their first marriage. Them second marriage, from 1998 until their death, was to Dominic Pearson.
In 2005, the Harvard Kennedy School established a fund in Lithgow's honor to support students interested in journalism.
References
1950 births
2001 deaths
Trinidad and Tobago emigrants to the United Kingdom
BBC newsreaders and journalists
Murdered journalists
Trinidad and Tobago murder victims
The Low Life is a 1995 American film starring Rory Cochrane and directed and co-written by George Hickenlooper.
Plot
A Yale graduate, with dreams of becoming a writer, moves to Hollywood and struggles with low-paying jobs, poverty, romance and slacker friends.
Cast
Rory Cochrane as John
Sean Astin as Andrew
Kyra Sedgwick as Bevan
Renée Zellweger as Poet
J. T. Walsh as Mike Sr.
Ron Livingston as Chad
James LeGros as Mike, Jr.
Michael Massee as Bartender
References
External links
1995 films
1995 drama films
Films directed by George Hickenlooper
American drama films
1995 directorial debut films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Elena Skochilo (born November 15, 1980 in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan), known on the internet by the nickname , is an editor, photographer and blogger from Kyrgyzstan.  They are most famous for their award-winning LiveJournal news blog; it was widely cited by bloggers and mass media during Kyrgyzstan's Tulip Revolution in 2005 when they posted news and their own photographs of civil disorder in Bishkek.
Skochilo is a current contributor to news articles and photography for NewEurasia, a news and information project for Central Asia and the Caucasus region. Skochilo is former editor of News Briefing Central Asia, a regional news project of the Institute for War and Peace Reporting. They regularly contribute photography to the Associated Press, Lenta.ru, and EurasiaNet.
Currently, Skochilo is an instructor for the Journalism and Mass Communication department at the American University of Central Asia. They teach photography, new media, and media law and ethics.
References
External links
Elena Skochilo's blog: Дневник бродячей кошки
Institute for War & Peace Reporting
1980 births
Living people
Kyrgyzstani journalists
Kyrgyzstani women journalists
People from Bishkek
Kyrgyzstani photographers
Women photographers
Rosochata ( Seifersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Rosochata
Dimma may refer to:
Dimma (woreda), a woreda in the Gambela Region of Ethiopia
Book of Dimma, 8th-century Irish pocket Gospel Book
William Dimma (born 1928), Canadian businessperson
Etiyé Dimma Poulsen (born 1968), Ethiopian-born Danish/Belgian sculptor
Dimma (band), Icelandic metal band
Darkest Mercy is an Urban fantasy novel by Melissa Marr. It is set in the same universe as Marr's previous YA novels, but is not a sequel to Radiant Shadows; rather, it is a follow-up to Wicked Lovely and Fragile Eternity.
Critical response
Kirkus found it hard work, "for fans only". However RT Book Reviews was much more positive, seeing it as an excellent if shocking conclusion to the series.
References
Urban fantasy novels
American fantasy novels
American young adult novels
2011 American novels
The 2002 South Africa rugby union tour of France Scotland and England was a series of matches played in November 2002 in France Scotland and England by South Africa national rugby union team.
It was a woeful tour, a real nightmare, finished with the worst defeat in the history of the Springboks a 3–53 loss against England.
The Matches
In the first test, Springboks were defeated by a great French team
France: 15.Nicolas Brusque, 14.Vincent Clerc, 13.Thomas Castaignede, 12.Damien Traille, 11.Cedric Heymans, 10.Francois Gelez, 9.Fabien Galthie (capt.), 8.Imanol Harinordoquy, 7.Olivier Magne, 6.Serge Betsen, 5.Olivier Brouzet, 4.Fabien Pelous, 3.Pieter de Villiers, 2.Raphael Ibanez, 1.Jean-Jacques Crenca, – replacements: 16.Sylvain Marconnet, 17.Jean-Baptiste Rue, 18.Thibault Privat, 19.Sebastien Chabal, 22.Xavier Garbajosa – No entry : 20.Dimitri Yachvili, 21.Gerald Merceron
South Africa: 15.Werner Greeff, 14.Breyton Paulse, 13.Jean de Villiers, 12.Adrian Jacobs, 11.Brent Russell, 10.Andre Pretorius, 9.Neil de Kock, 8.Joe van Niekerk, 7.AJ Venter, 6.Corne Krige (capt.), 5.Jannes Labuschagne, 4.Bakkies Botha , 3.Willie Meyer, 2.James Dalton, 1.Lawrence Sephaka, – replacements: 16.Lukas van Biljon, 17.Wessel Roux, 18.Marco Wentzel, 19.Pedrie Wannenburg, 21.Butch James, 22.Marius Joubert – No entry: 20.Bolla Conradie
Also with Scotland, the Springboks continue the "black series"
Scotland: 15.Stuart Moffat, 14.Nikki Walker, 13.Andy Craig, 12.Brendan Laney, 11.Chris Paterson, 10.Gordon Ross, 9.Bryan Redpath (capt.), 8.Budge Pountney, 7.Simon Taylor, 6.Martin Leslie, 5.Stuart Grimes, 4.Scott Murray, 3.Bruce Douglas, 2.Gordon Bulloch, 1.Tom Smith, – replacements: 17.Dave Hilton, 18.Nathan Hines, 19.Jason White, 21.Gregor Townsend, 22.Ben Hinshelwood – No entry : 16.Steve Scott, 20.Graeme Beveridge
South Africa: 15.Werner Greeff, 14.Breyton Paulse, 13.Adrian Jacobs, 12.Robbie Fleck, 11.Friedrich Lombard, 10.Butch James, 9.Bolla Conradie, 8.Joe van Niekerk, 7.Pierre Uys, 6.Corne Krige (capt.), 5.Jannes Labuschagne, 4.Marco Wentzel, 3.Deon Carstens, 2.Lukas van Biljon, 1.Wessel Roux, – replacements: 17.CJ van der Linde, 18.AJ Venter, 21.Andre Pretorius – No entry: 16.James Dalton, 19.Pedrie Wannenburg, 20.Brent Russell, 22.Bakkies Botha
A huge defeat against the English team
England: 15.Jason Robinson, 14.Ben Cohen, 13.Will Greenwood, 12.Mike Tindall, 11.Phil Christophers, 10.Jonny Wilkinson, 9.Matt Dawson, 8.Richard Hill, 7.Neil Back, 6.Lewis Moody, 5.Ben Kay, 4.Martin Johnson (capt.), 3.Phil Vickery, 2.Phil Vickery, 1.Jason Leonard, – replacements: 18.Danny Grewcock, 19.Lawrence Dallaglio, 20.Andy Gomarsall, 21.Austin Healey, 22.Tim Stimpson – No entry : 16.Mark Regan, 17.Robbie Morris
South Africa: 15.Werner Greeff, 14.Breyton Paulse, 13.Robbie Fleck, 12.Butch James, 11.Friedrich Lombard, 10.Andre Pretorius, 9.Bolla Conradie, 8.Joe van Niekerk, 7.Pedrie Wannenburg, 6.Corne Krige (capt.), 5.AJ Venter, 4.Jannes Labuschagne , 3.Deon Carstens, 2.James Dalton, 1.Wessel Roux, – replacements: 16.Lukas van Biljon, 17.CJ van der Linde, 20.Norman Jordaan, 21.Adrian Jacobs, 22.Brent Russell – No entry: 18.Marco Wentzel, 19.Pierre Uys
References
2002 rugby union tours
2002 in South African rugby union
2002
2002–03 in French rugby union
2002–03 in Scottish rugby union
2002–03 in English rugby union
2002–03 in European rugby union
2002
2002
2002
The Dubai Music Week is a five-day music convention held at the Dubai International Convention Centre in Dubai in mid-September. The convention features a variety of concerts, conferences, and exhibitions. The event was established in 2013 by the Global Gumbo Group (G3) in partnership with the Dubai World Trade Centre (DWTC). The Dubai Music Festival features top international music artists and entertainment companies.
2013 Dubai Music Week
The inaugural Dubai Music Week 2013 was presented in association with Dubai Calendar, official Partner Emirates and official sponsor Pepsi. It was the first industry trade show in MENA that brought together major music labels, artists and merchants to exhibit their products and launch initiatives to key industry stakeholders and consumers. Jumeirah Zabeel Saray was the official hotel partner.
Some of the activities included the Pepsi Band Slam, The Music Exhibition, Quincy Jones Seminars, Live Concerts, and Midem Music Conference and Workshops. Pepsi Band Slam, a jamming session included the region's most popular bands competing against each other. Bands from Jordan, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and United Arab Emirates represented diversity in local musical talents. Some of the local bands included Nikotin, Run Junction, Adonis, Empty Chair, J-Fam, and Reset String.
The event was attended by musicians, producers, managers, journalists, labels, app developers and content creators from around the globe. The Michael Jackson Dream Team Seminar hosted Quincy Jones, Rod Temperton, and Bruce Swedien, with music journalist Ben Fong-Torres moderating. The Producers Panel, also MC'd by Fong-Torres, included Quincy Jones, Timbaland, and Will.i.am, who discussed the subject of music production and judged a talent selection competition, the winner receiving a recording and production contract. Five artists were invited to take part in this exclusive showcase: Jay Wud, Hamdan Abri, DD Foxx, Xriss Jor, and Nile.
2013 Concerts
Will.I.am & Timbaland Live DJ Performance
Selena Gomez, Stars Dance Tour
Farhan Live and Pritam Bollywood Night
All Stars Pepsi Arabic Concert, X–Factor and Arab Idol stars
See also
Dubai Desert Rock Festival
Coma Dance Festival
References
External links
Rock festivals in the United Arab Emirates
Music festivals in the United Arab Emirates
Electronic music festivals in the United Arab Emirates
Music festivals established in 2013
Autumn events in the United Arab Emirates
Karl Robert Pracht (born April 12, 1878, Mulhouse; d. May 4, 1961, Karlsruhe) was a German composer and music educator.  They are well known for their piano and string works as well as their numerous choral compositions.
Pracht was born in Mulhouse; their father was kapellmeister Robert Ottmar Pracht. After finishing basic education they studied at the Meersburg teaching school and then at the Mannheim Academy of Music from 1900 to 1904. In the meantime they finished their staatsexamen (master's degree) in 1902 in Karlsruhe.
After teaching a period in Meersburg, Pracht had been appointed music teacher at the Humboldt Gymnasium in Karlsruhe where they worked more than two decades until retiring in 1945. As a teacher they published much music education works for piano, strings and brass as well as musicological papers.
Additionally, Pracht was a renowned conductor of various men's choirs all over Baden and composed more than 200 traditional choir songs. In 1953 they were awarded the Federal Cross of Merit.
Pracht died in 1961 in Karlsruhe at the age of 83.
Selected compositions
Choral songs
Das Morgenrot
Der Tag bricht an
Deutscher Frühling
Drei Nelken
Drei Rosen
Ewige Melodie
Lenzlust
Mein Hegau
Moorgrab
O deutscher Wald
Roland
Sonntag ist heut
Wanderlust
Weinland
Wirtin, schenk ein
Piano works
Beceuse und Scherzo für Klavier
Jugendalbum für Klavier
Stimmungsbilder für Klavier
Works for chamber music and orchestra
External links
MIDI file of Weinland (for mixed choir)
MIDI file of Das Morgenrot (for men's choir)
1878 births
1961 deaths
German composers
German music educators
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Jasmine Lucilla Elizabeth Jennifer van den Bogaerde (born 15 May 1996), better known by their stage name Birdy, is an English singer and songwriter. They won the music competition Open Mic UK in 2008, at the age of 12.
Them debut single, a cover version of Bon Iver's "Skinny Love", was their breakthrough, charting all across Europe and earning platinum certification six times in Australia. Them self-titled debut album, Birdy, was released on 7 November 2011 to similar success, peaking at number one in Australia, Belgium and the Netherlands. Them second studio album, Fire Within, was released on 23 September 2013 in the UK. At the 2014 Brit Awards, they were nominated for Best British Female Solo Artist. Them third studio album, Beautiful Lies, was released on 25 March 2016. Them fourth studio album Young Heart was released on 30 April 2021.
Early life
Birdy was born on 15 May 1996, in Lymington, England, United Kingdom. Them father is Rupert Oliver Benjamin van den Bogaerde, a writer (including the book Daybreak Into Darkness under the name Rupert Bogarde); their mother is Sophie Patricia (née Roper-Curzon), a concert pianist. Birdy learned to play the piano at the age of seven, and began writing their own music at the age of eight. They stated that listening to classical music and the songs their mother played has been a big influence on their sound. Them parents were married in 1995 and have two other children: Jake, born in 1997, and Caitlin in 1999. They also have two elder half-brothers, Moses and Sam, from their father's first marriage.
Birdy studied at Durlston Court Prep School in Barton on Sea, at Priestlands School, and at Brockenhurst College, a sixth form college in the New Forest. Them maternal grandfather was Captain John Christopher Ingram Roper-Curzon, the 20th Baron Teynham, and they grew up on the family estate near Lymington, Hampshire. Them great-uncle was the actor Sir Dirk Bogarde. They have English, Belgian (Flemish), Dutch and Scottish ancestry.
Birdy's second given name, Lucilla, was the name of their father's stepmother.
Birdy's stage name comes from the nickname their parents gave them as a baby, because they opened their mouth like a little bird when being fed.
Career
2008–2012
In 2008, while still a 12-year-old pupil at Durlston Court Preparatory School, Birdy won the UK talent contest Open Mic UK, a spinoff of the Live and Unsigned competition. They won both the under-18s category and the Grand Prize, against 10,000 other competitors. They performed their own song, called "So Be Free", at the competition in front of 2,000 people.
In 2009, Birdy performed live on piano for BBC Radio 3's Pianothon in London. In January 2011, at the age of 14, Birdy released a cover version of Bon Iver's song "Skinny Love". The song became their first hit on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at 17. The single was chosen as "Record of the Week" by UK radio DJ Fearne Cotton, resulting in it being added to BBC Radio 1's B‑list playlist as soon as it was released in March 2011. The official music video for the song was directed by Sophie Muller. The song was also featured on The Vampire Diaries episode "The Sun Also Rises", which aired on 5 May 2011. "Skinny Love" peaked at number 1 in the Netherlands.
Since then, Birdy has covered a number of songs, including "The A Team" by Ed Sheeran and the xx's "Shelter". On 19 July 2011, they performed in BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge. In the session, they performed both "Shelter" and "The A Team". Them cover of "Shelter" was also featured on The Vampire Diaries episode "The End of the Affair", which aired on 29 September 2011.
Birdy's eponymous debut album of cover versions (plus one original song written by her) was released on 7 November 2011; the album peaked at No. 13 in the UK, No. 40 in Ireland and number 1 in Belgium, the Netherlands and Australia. In August 2012 their début album peaked at number one in Australia, while the singles "Skinny Love" and "People Help the People" peaked at numbers 2 and 10 respectively.
In June 2012, Birdy contributed the song "Learn Me Right" with Mumford & Sons to the Pixar film Brave for which they received their first Grammy Award nomination.
On 7 August 2012, Birdy released their "Live in London" EP, which contained eight songs. This included their cover of Ed Sheeran's "The A Team" and their song from The Hunger Games soundtrack, "Just a Game". On 29 August 2012 Birdy performed ANOHNI's song "Bird Gerhl" (from Antony and the Johnsons' I Am a Bird Now album) during the opening ceremony of the London Paralympic Games. In October 2012, Birdy sang live on French TV music programme Taratata, performing "Call Me Maybe" by Carly Rae Jepsen.
Birdy paid a visit to Australia in August 2012, during which Dolly magazine took them on a visit to Taronga Zoo in Sydney. They also made appearances on shows such as Sunrise and X Factor singing "Skinny Love" and "People Help the People".
2013–2015
On 16 February 2013, Birdy sang at Sanremo Music Festival 2013. They then announced the release of their second studio album, entitled Fire Within, via a YouTube video on 10 July 2013. The video included footage of Birdy in the studio along with a preview of two songs, "Wings" and "No Angel", which are both featured on the album. The first official single, "Wings", was released on 22 July 2013 and a second song, "All You Never Say", was sent to subscribers of Birdy's mailing list and posted on YouTube on 15 August 2013. The song "Wings" was also featured on The Vampire Diaries episode "Home", which aired on 15 May 2014 (her eighteenth birthday). The album was released in the UK and other surrounding countries on 23 September 2013 and received mostly positive reviews. In North America, the album was released on 3 June 2014. A subsequent EP entitled Breathe was released on 24 September.
Birdy did tours of America and Australia in 2013. After their concert in the Palais Theatre in Melbourne, Australia, a reviewer described them as a sensational pianist who appears to be shy and timid, but whose voice "rings throughout the theatre." The only criticism was that what was "severely lacking" was any sense of crowd interaction. The tour also included appearances on TV shows like Sunrise, on which they sang "Wings." While in Melbourne, Birdy also sang "Skinny Love" at the Logie Awards in April 2013.
In September 2013, Birdy covered a song entitled "Let Them Go" by Passenger, live on BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge. This track features on the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge 2013 album. In December 2013, Birdy performed "Mandela Day" with James Blunt, originally by Simple Minds, at the NRJ Music Awards. Also in December 2013, they performed "L'Idole Des Jeunes" with Johnny Hallyday on Le Grand Show.
Birdy won the Best International Rock/Pop Artist award at the Echo Award 2014, held at Messe Berlin on 17 March 2014, beating out Agnetha Faltskog, Lorde, Katy Perry and Christina Sturmer. They performed "Words As Weapons" during the presentation.
In October 2014, Birdy covered "Lucky Star" by Madonna, appearing on the BBC Radio 2's Sounds of the 80s album. In the same year, Birdy was featured on four of the tracks on the Shadows album by Native Roses, in which their elder brother, Moses, is a drummer.
Birdy contributed three songs to the soundtrack for the movie The Fault in Our Stars: "Tee Shirt", "Best Shot" (with Jaymes Young) and "Not About Angels". Videos for both were released. Birdy appears on the 2014 David Guetta album Listen, featured on the song "I'll Keep Loving You".
Birdy's song "Wings," from their second album, was used as the soundtrack to the Lloyds Bank 250-year anniversary Horse Story advertisements in June 2015.
In August 2015, Birdy co-wrote "Let It All Go" with Rhodes. The single was released on 11 September 2015 via digital download in the UK. In October 2015, Birdy performed a cover of Firestone, originally by Kygo ft. Conrad Sewell on BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge. This track featured on the BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge 2015 album.
2016–present
In January 2016, Birdy released "Keeping Your Head Up", the first single from their third album, Beautiful Lies, which they had started writing material for in 2014 while touring in America. "Beautiful Lies", the second single from the album was released in February. "Wild Horses", the third single from the album was released in March. The album itself was released on 25 March 2016. On 20 April 2016, the Japanese Edition of Beautiful Lies was released, containing a bonus track entitled "Lights".
Speaking about Beautiful Lies, Birdy later said this album was what they were most proud of. They added:
"The album is about growing up and not accepting change. It's about not really wanting to grow up; it's about lying to yourself. I'd missed a lot of growing up with my family so it's about that. It's also inspired by 'Memories of a Geisha' so it has an Asian feel to it and it's about feeling a much stronger person."
On 1 April 2016, Birdy performed a cover of 'Adventure of a Lifetime' originally by Coldplay for 3FM. On 16 April 2016, Birdy released a limited edition vinyl for Record Store Day of the songs 'Lost It All' and 'Take You Everywhere I Go'. On 25 April 2016, Birdy performed a cover of "Fast Car" by Tracy Chapman for BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge, and on 27 April they performed a cover of "Sorry" by Justin Bieber at SiriusXM Studios.
On 8 May 2016, Birdy performed 'Wild Horses' at the opening ceremony of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) awards night, at the Royal Festival Hall in London. They were also the face of the REDValentino spring/summer campaign for 2016 and 2017.
In June 2016, Birdy released three digital albums without publicity. The albums consisted entirely of instrumental works featuring them on the piano, and were called "Ornithology," "Vogelfrei" and "Nightbird." In April 2018, they uploaded these albums to their YouTube channel in a collaboration with Believe SAS, a French company that distributes digital music for independent labels and artists.
On 23 September 2016, "Beautiful Birds" was released by Passenger, featuring Birdy. On 4 November 2016, "Find Me" was released by Sigma, featuring Birdy. The song peaked at number 36 on the UK Singles Chart and number one on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart in its 20 May 2017 issue.
Birdy undertook extensive touring after the release of Beautiful Lies, including a tour of the United States and an Asian tour from Japan to Singapore. By this time, their band had grown from four to five, with an almost completely new lineup. The band members were: Charlotte Hatherley (guitar), Joel Grainger (violin), Richard Evans (bass), Jay Sikora (drums) and Hazel Mills (keyboards). They have said they found Asia like another planet, "such a different world." The audiences were very reserved and quiet, there would be a huge gap after each song, then they would start clapping; it made them wonder if they liked them They said they don't really clap that much, then after the show they were going crazy and screaming. They found it "really strange."
In an interview with Interview magazine, on 22 March 2016, Birdy explained how they had always had ideas but was never confident enough to assert them. With 'Beautiful Lies', they felt that they were a lot stronger and everything felt better. Birdy stated that where they had gone wrong with their second album had been that they had compromised too much, allowing others to influence them too much. In contrast, with 'Beautiful Lies' they had been 'really bossy'. In conclusion, they added that they love writing for film and would love to do more of it; it was a 'really natural' progression for their work.
Birdy was featured on the cover of Wonderland magazine in the Autumn 2016 issue, with an accompanying shoot and interview. Speaking to the magazine, Birdy explained that their mother was a concert pianist and a lot of their family were very musical. Them mother would play classical music and their father would play "poppier records" like Tracy Chapman and The Beatles. It was a real mix of genres, they told the magazine.
Birdy performed two songs at the BFI Luminous fundraising gala on 3 October 2017. Interviewed at the function, they said they were writing material for their new album, but it was still in the early stages.
In December 2017, Variety.com reported that Warner/Chappell Music, the publishing arm of Warner Music Group, had signed Birdy to a global publishing deal. Mike Smith, Warner/Chappell UK managing director, said that Birdy was an incredible talent, there was a lot more to come from them and they looked forward to working with them in the years ahead.
After taking a break from music, Birdy released a new single, "Open Your Heart" on 4 September 2020. This was soon after accompanied with the announcement of a new EP, Piano Sketches, to be released on 6 November 2020. It features four tracks, primarily piano based.
On 22 January 2021, Birdy announced their fourth album, Young Heart, via their social media. It was released on 30 April and features 16 tracks. On the same day as the announcement, "Surrender", the first single from Young Heart was released. Them second single, "Loneliness" was released on 12 February. They cite Etta James, Joni Mitchell, Nick Drake, and Nina Simone as influences on the album's sound and wrote most of the project in Los Angeles and Nashville. Them favorite songs on the album are "Evergreen," "Little Blue," "Nobody Knows Me Like You Do," and "Young Heart."
Films
Birdy's music has appeared in the films and on the soundtracks of The Hunger Games (2012), Brave (2012), The Fault in Our Stars (2014), Beyond the Lights (2014) and The Edge of Seventeen (2016).
Awards and nominations
Discography
Studio albums
Birdy (2011)
Fire Within (2013)
Beautiful Lies (2016)
Young Heart (2021)
Bibliography
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
!
British folk-pop singers
English people of Belgian descent
English people of Scottish descent
English women pianists
English women pop singers
English women singer-songwriters
Indie folk musicians
People from Lymington
21st-century English singers
21st-century English women singers
14th Floor Records artists
Atlantic Records artists
Warner Records artists
Mandaue City Central School is the oldest school in Mandaue City in the Philippines. It occupies a school site with an area of more than 20,000 square meters. It is located along C. Ouano Street in central Mandaue City, and belongs to the Central District. For several decades, Mandaue City Central School stood as the only school in the Central District until three new schools were established in the 1990s. The oldest building, Gabaldon Building, was built in 1904.
History
Mandaue City Central School is the oldest public school in Mandaue City, and the only remaining Gabaldon School in the region.
References
External links
Mandaue City Central School official website
Elementary schools in the Philippines
Schools in Mandaue
Educational institutions established in 1935
1935 establishments in the Philippines
Matthew Condon (born 1962) is a prize-winning Australian writer and journalist.
Biography
Educated at the University of Queensland and the Goethe Institute, Bremen, Germany, they are the author of ten novels and short story collections, including The Lulu Magnet, A Night at the Pink Poodle, The Motorcycle Cafe, and The Pillow Fight. The Trout Opera, an epic novel that took them more than ten years to write, examines the Australian character through its chief protagonist Wilfred Lampe, a rabbiter and farm hand who spends their entire life in the township of Dalgety, on the banks of the Snowy River. The Sydney Daily Telegraph described the novel as "an instant classic".
In 2013, Condon published Three Crooked Kings, the first part of a biography of former Queensland Police Commissioner Terry Lewis who was charged in 1989 and later jailed on multiple corruption charges. The book was based on Condon's extensive interviews with Lewis and others as well as archival material. The biography is continued in Jacks and Jokers (2014) and All Fall Down (2015).
By 2019 the author was writing for The Weekend Australian Magazine, is the father of three children, and based in Byron Bay, New South Wales.
In late 2020 they released a podcast in conjunction with Whooshkaa Studios, "Ghost Gate Road", an investigation into the Queensland criminal Vince O'Dempsey and circumstances surrounding the Whiskey Au Go Go nightclub firebombing in 1973 and the murder of Barbara McCulkin and their two children in 1974.
They were awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia in the 2019 Australia Day Honours for "service to the community".
Bibliography
Novels
The Motorcycle Cafe, 1988
Usher, 1991
The Ancient Guild of Tycoons, 1994
A Night at the Pink Poodle, 1995
The Pillow Fight, 1998
Lime Bar, 2001
The Trout Opera, 2007
Mulligan: On Being a Hack Golfer, 2007
Short fiction
"Tattoo" (1996) in Original Sin (ed. Robyn Sheahan)
Short story collections
The Lulu Magnet, 1996
Non-Fiction
Brisbane, 2010, written about the city Brisbane, where Matthew grew up.
Three Crooked Kings, 2013
Jacks and Jokers, 2014
All Fall Down, 2015
Little Fish Are Sweet, 2016 ()
The Night Dragon, 2019
Children's Fiction
The Tunnel, 1997
Edited
Smashed: Australian Drinking Stories, 1996
Awards and nominations
New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards, Fiction, 1989: shortlisted for The Motorcycle Cafe
NBC Banjo Awards, NBC Banjo Award for Fiction, 1992: shortlisted for Usher
NBC Banjo Awards, NBC Banjo Award for Fiction, 1995: shortlisted for The Ancient Guild of Tycoons
Aurealis Award for best fantasy short story, 1996: shortlisted for "Tattoo"
Warana Writers' Awards, Steele Rudd Award, 1996: winner for A Night at the Pink Poodle
Steele Rudd Award, 1997: joint winner for The Lulu Magnet
New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards, Christina Stead Prize for Fiction, 2008: shortlisted for The Trout Opera
Queensland Premier's Literary Awards, Best Fiction Book, 2008: shortlisted for The Trout Opera
Australia-Asia Literary Award, 2008: longlisted
Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) 26 January 2019
Queensland Literary Awards, Queensland Premier's Award for a work of State Significance, 2019: shortlisted for The Night Dragon
References
External links
Matthew Condon at Random House Australia
1962 births
20th-century Australian novelists
20th-century Australian male writers
21st-century Australian novelists
Australian male novelists
Australian male short story writers
Living people
Journalists from Queensland
Writers from Queensland
20th-century Australian short story writers
21st-century Australian short story writers
21st-century Australian male writers
University of Queensland alumni
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Netra is a panchayat village in the state of Rajasthan, India. Administratively, Netra is under Sumerpur Tahsil of Pali District in Rajasthan. The village of Netra is located on National Highway 14, 8 km by road northeast of the town of Sumerpur, and 65 km by road south-southwest of the city of Pali.
There are three villages in the Netara gram panchayat: Netra, Parakhiya, and Rojra.
Demographics
In the 2001 census, the village of Netra had 1,870 inhabitants, with 952 males (50.9%) and 918 females (49.1%), for a gender ratio of 964 females per thousand males.
Notes
External links
Villages in Pali district
Ramón Mas Alpuente (1949–2015), best known as Moncho Alpuente, was a Spanish journalist, writer and musician.
Born on 23 May 1949 in Madrid, they studied journalism.
A noted figure of the Movida madrileña, they performed in several musical bands including Las Madres del Cordero, Desde Santurce a Bilbao Blues Band, Moncho Alpuente y Los Kwai and The Moncho Alpuente Experience.
One of the founders of Popular FM back in 1971, they had a long career in radio. A regular collaborator for El País and also Público in their later years, they stood out as unofficial chronicler of the city of Madrid, to which they dedicated hundreds of pieces at the local section of El País.
They died in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria on 21 March 2015.
Books
Television
On television they began with the musical program Mundo Pop (1974) on Spanish Television, in which they were a director, presenter and scriptwriter. In subsequent years, they contributed regularly different spaces:
Tele-Magazine (1974-1975)
Popgrama (1979-1980)
What a night that year! (1987)
Delusions of love (1989)
The worst show of the week (1993)
The commons (1999)
Wyoming Rooftop (2005)
References
Spanish journalists
1949 births
2015 deaths
Writers about Madrid
Mizan Mehari (28 January 1980 – 10 May 2007) was an Ethiopian born Australian athlete who competed in long-distance running events. They represented Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
Junior career
Mehari was originally from Addis Ababa and represented Ethiopia in junior athletics. They placed fifth in the junior race at the 1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships.
Asylum
After competing in Sydney at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics, Mehari was one of four Ethiopians to seek political asylum in Australia, saying they faced ethnic discrimination back home and the threat of death or imprisonment. They ended up moving to Canberra and joined the Australian Institute of Sport, under the coaching of Dick Telford. In order to improve their limited English they enrolled in a language course at Dickson College. Any money they made in competition they sent back to their family, who remained in Ethiopia.
Australian running career
Mehari twice won the Australian Cross Country Championships, which were held over 12 km, in 1997 and 1998.
Pending citizenship, they were likely to have qualified to represent Australia at the 1998 Commonwealth Games, but instead made the decision to join a group of Kenyan athletes that were competing in Europe. They were said to have been impatient with their rate of improvement and expressed a wish to train with better athletes in order to fulfil their potential.
Their personal best for the 5000 metres came in a race in 1998, with a time of 13:20.85.  They are the course record holder for the City-Bay race in Adelaide, with a time of 33:42, set in 1998.
In May 1999 they became an Australian citizen and needed an advance on their AIS scholarship money in order to buy a new passport. Due to IAAF rules they had to stand out of competition for three months, so wasn't able to represent their adopted country until August, which was just in time for the 1999 World Championships. They finished 23rd in the final of the 5000 metres.
They were the 5000 metres national champion in 1999.
Olympics
At the 2000 Summer Olympics, Mehari was eighth in their heat, timed at 13:24.56, fast enough to qualify as the only Australian in the final. They ran the final in 13:42.03 and finished 12th out of the 15 competitors.
Death
Mehari committed suicide at Mount Ainslie on 10 May 2007. Donations were sought to enable their body to be flown back home to their family. Their memorial service was held in Queanbeyan on 19 May.
References
External links
Mizan Mehari at Sports-Reference
1980 births
2007 deaths
Australian male long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Australia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportsmen from the Australian Capital Territory
Ethiopian male long-distance runners
Ethiopian emigrants to Australia
Athletes from Addis Ababa
Suicides in the Australian Capital Territory
2007 suicides
Claire de Pourtales (born 20 April 1969, in Paris) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics (Alpine Skiing, Slalom, and Combined) and in the 1994 Winter Olympics (Alpine skiing and Slalom). They now live in Exeter.
References
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Paris
British female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Mathilde Rose Thérèse Gabriel-Péri (7 June 1902 – 16 December 1981) was a French politician. They were elected to the National Assembly in 1945 as one of the first group of French women in parliament. They served in the National Assembly until 1958.
Biography
Gabriel-Péri was born Mathilde Rose Thérèse Taurinya in Canet-en-Roussillon in 1902. Them sister Pauline married André Marty, a leading communist. They married Gabriel Péri, also a communist activist, in 1927. Although they were imprisoned two years later, they were elected to parliament in 1931 and re-elected in 1936. After the Nazi occupation of France, Gabriel-Péri was interred at Rieucros Camp; their husband was executed the following year.
Following the liberation of France, Gabriel-Péri was appointed to the Provisional Consultative Assembly in 1944. They were subsequently a French Communist Party (PCF) candidate in Seine-et-Oise department in the 1945 National Assembly elections. The first-placed candidate on the PCF list, they were elected to parliament, becoming one of the first group of women in the National Assembly. After being elected they became a member of the Civil and Military Pensions and Victims of War and Repression Commission and the Supply Commission. They were re-elected in the July 1946 elections, and was appointed as a High Court juror in July. Re-elected again in the November 1946 elections, they were made a titular judge in March 1947. They were re-elected in 1951 and 1956, serving in parliament until losing their seat in the 1958 elections.
Gabriel-Péri subsequently retired from politics and died in the Boulogne-Billancourt area of Paris in 1981.
References
1902 births
Politicians from Le Havre
French Resistance members
French Communist Party politicians
Deputies of the 1st National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Deputies of the 2nd National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Deputies of the 3rd National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Women members of the National Assembly (France)
1981 deaths
20th-century French women politicians
The Shadow Ministry of Chris Minns is the Labor opposition since June 2021, opposing the Berejiklian and Perrottet governments in the Parliament of New South Wales. It is led by Chris Minns following their election as leader of the party and NSW Leader of the Opposition on 4 June 2021. Other leadership positions including the deputy party leader, leader and deputy leader of the opposition in the Legislative Council were confirmed on 8 June 2021. The rest of the shadow ministry was subsequently announced by Minns on 11 June 2021, effective the following day.
The shadow cabinet is made up of 25 members of the NSW Labor caucus.
Shadow cabinet
Other Positions
Former Members of the Shadow Cabinet
Two members of the shadow cabinet left their positions in 2022.
See also
2023 New South Wales state election
Second Berejiklian ministry
First Perrottet ministry
Second Perrottet ministry
Shadow Ministry of Jodi McKay
References
Minns
Australian Labor Party
McDavid is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Connor McDavid, Canadian ice hockey player
Eric McDavid, American green anarchist
Raven I. McDavid, Jr., American linguist
Ray McDavid, American baseball player
See also
17185 Mcdavid, main-belt asteroid
McDavid, Florida, unincorporated community
Murray McDavid, Scotch whisky bottling company
MacDavid, an Israeli hamburger restaurant chain
Scottish surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
David Pressman was an American immunologist. They graduated from the California Institute of Technology in 1937 and received their PhD from the same institution in 1940. They remained at Caltech as a research fellow until 1947. During that time, they worked with Linus Pauling and Dan H. Campbell and the three published highly influential work on antibodies and antigens. Pressman then joined the faculty at the Sloan-Kettering Institute. They later moved to Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center.
Among the influential members of their research group were Herman Eisen, Arthur Silverstein, and Alfred Nisonoff.
References
American immunologists
California Institute of Technology alumni
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
The Santiago microregion () is a micro-region in the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Its total area is 11,213.844 km².
Municipalities
The microregion consists of the following municipalities:
Capão do Cipó
Itacurubi
Jari
Júlio de Castilhos
Pinhal Grande
Quevedos
Santiago
Tupanciretã
Unistalda
References
Microregions of Rio Grande do Sul
The Dallas Rage was an expansion team in the National Women's Football Association.
In its 2005 inaugural season, the Dallas Rage compiled a 6-2 regular season record including an upset defeat of the previously undefeated Oklahoma City Lightning. The Dallas Rage made it to the first round of playoffs in their first season, losing 14-16 to the Chattanooga Locomotion.
In 2006, the team compiled only a 4-4 regular season record but featured the league's leading passer (Jennifer Hull) and leading sacker (Twyla Smith), who were both nominated as finalists for the league's overall offensive and defensive MVPs, respectively.
In 2007, the team amassed a 2-6 record but shut down before completing the 2007 regular season.
In 2008, the Dallas Rage became the North Texas Fury and played in the National Women's Football Association. The North Texas Fury organization completed the 2008 season, but then ceased to exist. Many of the core players from the North Texas Fury then became a part of a new organization known as the Lone Star Mustangs. The Lone Star Mustangs play in the Women's Football Alliance.
Season-By-Season
|-
| colspan="6" align="center" | Dallas Rage (NWFA)
|-
|2005 || 6 || 3 || 0 || 5th Southern || Lost Southern Conference Quarterfinal (Chattanooga)
|-
|2006 || 4 || 4 || 0 || 3rd Southern Southwest || --
|-
|2007 || 2 || 6 || 0 || 3rd Southern West || --
|-
| colspan="6" align="center" | North Texas Fury (NWFA)
|-
|2008 || 1 || 6 || 1 || 4th Southern Central || --
|-
!Totals || 13 || 19 || 1
|colspan="2"| (including playoffs)
References
National Women's Football Association teams
Rage
2005 establishments in Texas
2008 disestablishments in Texas
American football teams established in 2005
American football teams disestablished in 2008
Defunct American football teams in Texas
General Collins may refer to:
Arthur S. Collins Jr. (1915–1984), U.S. Army lieutenant general
Charles Collins (British Army officer) (fl. 1990s–2020s), British Army major general
Harry J. Collins (1895–1963), U.S. Army major general
J. Lawton Collins (1896–1987), U.S. Army general
James Francis Collins (1905–1989), U.S. Army general
James Lawton Collins (1882–1963), U.S. Army major general
James Lawton Collins Jr. (1917–2002), U.S. Army brigadier general
John A. Collins (chaplain) (1931–2003), U.S. Air Force major general
Michael Collins (astronaut) (1930–2021), U.S. Air Force major general
Michael Collins (Irish leader) (1890–1922), Irish National Army general
Robert Collins (British Army officer) (1880–1950), British Army major general
William R. Collins (1913–1991), U.S. Marine Corps major general
See also
Geoffrey Collin (1921–2009), British Army major general
Jean Christophe Collin (1754–1806), First French Empire general of cavalry
Charles H. T. Collis (1838–1902), Union Army brevet brigadier general
Itamati is a village located in Nayagarh district of Odisha, India. It is 6 km from Nayagarh Town. Itamati is known as the major business centre of Nayagarh, Also known as the second largest village of Odisha.
Demographics
As of 2011 India census, Itamati has a population of 71640. Males constitute 53% (37,987) of the population and females 47% (33,654). Itamati has an average literacy rate of 76%, higher than the national average of 59.5%. 10% of the population is under 6 years of age. The majority of the population belongs to Hindu religion, although there are some Muslim and Christians beliefs are staying here.
Business
Being the Business centre of Nayagarh, Itamati reserves a marketplace in the centre of the Village. The marketplace covers a large area starting from Park Lane to Itamati Panchayat. Durga Bazar, Laxmi Bazaar and Ganesh Bazaar are the oldest (100 years of old) of all which holds some ancient shops. Being situated in National Highway one may find the tea and snacks shops opened for 24 hours in the Bus stand.
People
The Utkal Ghanta Kabi Jadumani Mahapatra was born at Itamati in the year 1783 and died in 1868. They were the principal poet during the rule of king Binayak Singh Mandhata. Bidyadhar Mohapatra of Mandhatapur was their Sanskrit grammar teacher. Kabi Jadumani wrote Raghab Bilasa and Prabandha Purnachandra.  They are one of the best poets of Orissa. Their creations could be compared with that of Kabisamrat Upendra Bhanja.
Notable people
Late. Banshidhara Sahoo (born in 1942, died in 2020), "the first and only MLA" of Itamati from 1980 to 1985.
Education
Itamati has one degree college, one junior college, three high schools and six upper primary schools. Some of the educational institutes are:
Baman Abakash Boys High School
Narayani Girls Govt. High School
Itamati M.E. School
Panadevi U.P. School
Narayani U.P. School (Panchayata field)
Sri Aurobinda Integral School
Saraswati Shishu Mandir
Narayani U.P. School (sanatangi patana)
Sainik B.grade School
Rainbow English medium school
Odisha Adarsha Vidyalaya, Notar, Nayagarh
There are 2 colleges in Itamati: Itamati College of Education & Technology (ICET) (Junior College) and Bansidhar Mahavidyalaya (Degree College). It has also some private computer centers for learning and private hostels for students.
Gods and temples
Itamati has a large number of temples. Some important ones are:
Satyanarayan Temple also along with Shiva Temple near Itamati Gram Panchayat
Maa Narayani Temple and balunkeswar Shiva Temple, Sani Temple near Gouda Sahi
Jagannath temple in between Jagannath Sahi and Mohanty Sahi
Gopinath Temple in Deula sahi and Radhakrishana Temple in Kansari Sahi
Maa Bhairavi temple near medical road, Ekadalia sahi
Chitrakuta Bihari matha in Pradhan Sahi and Radhakanta matha in Behera Sahi
Danda Kamana Temples in Tanti Sahi, Paika Sahi and Khatia Sahi
Maa Kali Temple in Ratnapur Patana (Badatangi Patana)
Maa Mangala Temple near the entrance of Itamati (from Bhubaneswar) in the way to Narayani Patana (Tangi Tota).
Maa Mangala Temple Behera Sahi between Itamati bazar and Muslim sahi
A masjid in Muslim sahi
Festival
The well known festivals in Itamati are "Panchu Dola" and "Dasha Dola". The festival continues for four days. There are large swings for children, famous opera parties hold shows during the nights. People of Itamati are very eager to view such Opera shows. Dash Dola comes 10 days after Dola Purnima (Holi), in Chaitra Masa of the Oriya calendar (March and April). Rath Yatra (Car festival of Jagannath), Jhulan Yatra, Danda Yatra. Danda Yatra begins on an auspicious day before Mahabishuba Sankranti.The last day is known as Meru parva. People enjoy Danda Nacha during night of the festival. Udanda, Ganesh Puja, Laxmi Puja, Durga Puja, Kali Puja, Khudurukuni, Ramanavami, and Ram Charita Manas (9 days) are the other famous festivals of Gods and are celebrated with great pump and show in Itamati. Also Itamati people celebrate the jayanti of Utkal Ghanta Jadumani Mahapatra every year on 8 January.
Divisions
Itamati is sub-divided into 21 wards and 20 Sahi's. Some of the Sahi are Ratnapur Patna (Bada Tangi Patna), Sana Tangi Patana (Mathurapur Patna), Paika Sahi, Tanti Sahi, Pradhan Sahi, Nahara Sahi, Kansari Sahi, Teli Sahi, Khatia Sahi, Jagati Patna, Sana Harijan Sahi, Deula Sahi, Sundhi Sahi, Bada Harijan Sahi, Ek Dalia Sahi, Jagannath Sahi, Mohanty Sahi, Behera Sahi, Narayani Patna (Tangi Tota), Dengera Godi, Pratap Prasad (Majuriapalli). Of these, Ratnapur Patna is the largest among them containing 2 wards.
Water sources
Several tubewells are present in every sahi of Itamati. The road of several sahis are modified during "Pradhanamantri Gramya Sadaka Jojana" initiated by Atal Bihari Vajpayee in India. Several ponds (Badakalamai, Sanakalamai, Rajahuda, Badhi, Dangi, Jharana, and Pachari) are also present in Itamati which serve the bathing purpose of Itamati people. One of the distributaries of Kusumi passes through Pandusara and Champatipur which are the nearby villages of Itamati and serves the water distribution purpose to some cultivated lands as canal systems are available to few cultivated lands.
Politics
Itamati known as the fort of Congress.
Banshidhar Sahoo was the ex-MLA of Nayagarh.
Manoj Kumar sahoo is the popular leader in Itamati. They were elected as sarapancha during the 2012 election..
Sonalika Manthan was elected as sarapancha of Itamati during the 2017 election.
References
Villages in Nayagarh district
Akin is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
The 2005–06 LEN Euroleague was the 43rd edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs. It ran from 14 September 2005 to 20 May 2006, and it was contested by 36 teams. The Final Four (semifinals, final, and third place game) took place on May 19 and May 20 in Dubrovnik.
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
The first legs were played on 22 March, and the second legs were played on 19 April 2006.
Final Four
Bazen u Gružu, Dubrovnik, Croatia
Final standings
Awards
See also
2005–06 LEN Trophy
LEN Champions League seasons
Champions League
2005 in water polo
2006 in water polo
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
November 22 – English poet John Donne is installed as Dean of St Paul's Cathedral in London.
Works published
Great Britain
John Ashmore, translator, Certain Selected Odes of Horace, Englished; and their Arguments Annexed
Richard Brathwaite:
Natures Embassie; or, The Wilde-Mans Measures
Times Curtaine Drawne; or, The Anatomie of Vanitie
Ralph Crane, The Workes of Mercy, Both Corporeal and Spiritual
Francis Quarles, Hadassa; or, The History of Queene Ester
George Sandys, The First Five Books of Ovid's Metamorphosis, published anonymously (see also Ovid's Metamorphosis 1626)
Rachel Speght, Mortalities Memorandum: With a dreame prefixed, imaginarie in manner, reall in matter
John Taylor:
The Praise, Antiquity, and Commodity, of Beggery, Beggers and Begging
Superbiae Flagellum; or, The Whip of Pride
George Wither, The Songs of the Old Testament, verses and music
Lady Mary Wroth (Sir Philip Sidney's niece), Pamphilia to Amphilanthus, sonnet sequence written since 1613 partially included in The Countess of Montgomery's Urania
Other
Théophile de Viau, Œuvres poétiques, France
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
March 31 – Andrew Marvell (died 1678), English metaphysical poet and parliamentarian
April 17 – Henry Vaughan (died 1695), Welsh poet
July 8 – Jean de La Fontaine (died 1695), French poet and fable writer
July 24 – Jan Andrzej Morsztyn (died 1693), Polish poet and member of the noble class Szlachta
Rupa Bhavani (died 1721), Indian, Kashmiri-language poet
Jane Cavendish (died 1669), English poet and playwright
Wacław Potocki (died 1696), Polish nobleman (Szlachta), moralist, poet and writer
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
March 28 – Ottavio Rinuccini (born 1562), Italian poet, courtier, and opera librettist
August 3 – Guillaume du Vair (born 1556), French writer and poet
August 15 – John Barclay (born 1582), Scottish satirist and poet
September 25 – Mary Herbert (born 1561), English poet, translator, patron, hostess of a literary salon, and sister of Philip Sidney
October 12 – Pierre Matthieu (born 1563), French playwright, poet and historian
See also
Poetry
16th century in poetry
16th century in literature
Notes
17th-century poetry
Poetry
Soulcraft the debut studio album of Thessalonians, released in October 1993 by Silent. The album has been described as musically stunning and groundbreaking.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Soulcraft liner notes.
Thessalonians
Kim Cascone – sampler, effects, production, mixing
Don Falcone – synthesizer
David James – bass guitar, percussion, drum programming
Larry Thrasher – tabla, percussion, sampler, shortwave radio
Doug Murdock – percussion, congas
Paul Neyrinck – computer, sampler, voice
Release history
References
External links
Soulcraft at Discogs (list of releases)
1993 debut albums
Thessalonians (band) albums
Hatiora salicornioides, the bottle cactus, dancing-bones, drunkard's-dream, or spice cactus, is a species of flowering plant in the cactus family. A member of the tribe Rhipsalideae, it often grows as an epiphyte. It is native to eastern Brazil. It is sometimes grown both indoors and outdoors as an ornamental.
Description
Hatiora salicornioides grows to about tall with an erect to pendent growth habit. Its stems are composed of segments long. Each segment is shaped like a club or bottle, with the narrower end at the base. The stems branch from the end of a segment, with up to six branches forming a whorl. The yellow to orange flowers are borne at the ends of younger stem segments, and are long and about the same across when open. Translucent white berries follow the flowers.
Taxonomy
The species was first described by Adrian H. Haworth in 1819, as Rhipsalis salicornioides. (Haworth actually spelt the epithet "salicornoides", but subsequent authors have corrected the spelling, treating the original as an orthographic error.) The epithet means "similar to Salicornia". The species was transferred to the genus Hatiora in 1915 (after previously being placed in the confused and hence abandoned genus Hariota). Molecular phylogenetic studies have confirmed its placement in the genus and in the tribe Rhipsalideae, and also shown that it is closely related to H. cylindrica (which has been included in H. salicornioides as a form or variety). H. salicornioides is very variable, and may possibly include other distinct species.
Distribution and habitat
Hatiora salicornioides is found in the east of Brazil, in the regions of Northeast Brazil (Bahia), Southeast Brazil (Espírito Santo, Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo) and South Brazil (Paraná). It occurs in moist forest, savanna and rocky areas at elevations of . It is usually epiphytic or lithophytic.
Cultivation
Hatiora salicornioides is grown as an ornamental plant. It requires some humidity, and is not frost-tolerant. Light shade and a minimum average temperature of are recommended. Given these conditions, it has been successfully cultivated outside in Phoenix, Arizona. In climates with lower winter temperatures, it is cultivated in greenhouses or as a house plant. It is propagated by stem cuttings.
In the UK Hatiora salicornioides has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
See also
Schlumbergera
Succulent
References
External links
plantoftheweek.org
cactiguide.com
TopTropicals.com
Cactoideae
Flora of Northeast Brazil
Flora of Southeast Brazil
Flora of South Brazil
Flora of Atlantic Forest (biome)
Epiphytes
Garden plants of South America
Oxford Circus is a road junction connecting Oxford Street and Regent Street in the West End of London. It is also the entrance to Oxford Circus tube station.
The junction opened in 1819 as part of the Regent Street development under John Nash, and was originally known as Regent Circus North. After the original lease expired, it was redesigned around a series of four quadrant buildings by Henry Tanner between 1913 and 1928, the north-eastern of which has been used by Peter Robinson, Topshop, the BBC and the London Co-operative Society; these are now Grade II listed buildings.
Oxford Circus remains a busy junction for traffic, and a £5 million upgrade for pedestrians opened in 2009. It has also attracted attention as a place for demonstrations and protests, including several by Extinction Rebellion.
History
19th century
The junction was designed as part of John Nash's work on Regent Street. Circuses had become popular in English architecture after George Dance the Younger had popularised them in the Minories in East London. Nash wanted to use extra land space so that vehicles could move around one another when turning, with a concave layout attracting shopkeepers and increasing the potential for land value. They originally intended the circus to be colonnaded, but when the New Street Bill was proposed to parliament, it was rejected, with one MP fearing the circus would "be a nuisance by day and something worse by night". They redesigned the circus so that the new Regent Street would meet the established Oxford Street at a near right-angle, with a smaller diameter reducing its land intake. Parliament approved the design in 1813.
Construction of the circus began in 1816, with Nash working in association with Samuel Baxter. Work was complicated by the compulsory purchase of properties along Oxford Street. Eight houses on the north side and eleven on the south were demolished to make way for the junction. To avoid legal challenges, Nash attempted to rehouse existing tenants in the new buildings around the circus wherever possible. After John Richardson, proprietor of Richardson's silk shop on 118 Oxford Street died, Nash ensured their widow and surviving family and employees were all housed in a building on the circus's north-eastern section. After the family complained and demanded changes, Nash worked with Baxter to try to accommodate them as much as possible.
Most buildings around the circus were designed in a more disciplined manner than some of Nash's later work, and were based on Palladian architecture. They featured fluted Corinthian pilasters and artificial stone capitals. The pilaster order continued down Regent Street.
The circus opened officially in November 1819. It was originally known as Regent Circus North, with the corresponding Piccadilly Circus named Regent Circus South. However, unlike Piccadilly Circus, Oxford Circus had no decorations and was designed as a straightforward traffic crossing. Fellow architect James Elmes described Nash's work on the circus as giving "an air of grandeur" and "as elegant in form as it is useful in application". The current name began to be used around 1836.
In 1842, the MP Joseph Hume proposed a commemorative obelisk should be constructed in the middle of the circus. Construction began in December 1842, but was quickly disrupted and abandoned after the Marylebone parish vestry realised they only had authority to clean and maintain the circus, and not to construct anything on top of it. The obelisk was eventually built in 1850 at Nunhead Cemetery to a slightly different design.
In the Victorian era, mourning was elaborate and expensive. This area had mourning warehouses, selling the clothes, fabrics and accessories required for this. The most important of these was the London General Mourning Warehouse , commonly known as Jay's. This was founded in Regent Street in 1841 and expanded north so that it occupied all of the SW quadrant of the circus by 1880.
20th century
The lease on the four quadrants around the interchange was due to expire in 1917, and it was determined they would need to be rebuilt. In 1904, the Commissioners of Woods and Forests outlined a plan to redevelop Regent Street, including Oxford Circus. In 1909, they invited proposals to redevelop the site. The new design was awarded in October 1910 to Henry Tanner, who saw off several rival designs, and was built in stages between 1913 and 1928. Tanner's design was inspired by 18th-century French architecture, particularly that of Ange-Jacques Gabriel. Each quadrant was designed to be symmetrical with the others.
The south-eastern quadrant was completed first in 1913, before work stopped at the beginning of World War I. The north-western quadrant opened in May 1922 as the London premises for the Magasins du Louvre. The store was never popular and closed in 1930. The south-western quadrant followed in 1925 and the north-eastern in 1928.
The new north-eastern quadrant was originally occupied by the Peter Robinson department store. An extension to the store was added to the original quadrant building in 1924. During World War II, it was badly damaged by bombs in September 1940 but survived owing to its steel frame construction and was quickly repaired to a high standard. The BBC requisitioned part of the block and it saw significant use in overseas broadcasting during the war. It was sold to the London Co-operative Society in 1944. Through a series of buyouts and mergers, Peter Robinson became Topshop, which occupied the site until January 2021, after it went into liquidation. It was the flagship store of the franchise, covering four floors and attracting around 28,000 shoppers a day, half of whom would buy something.
The buildings are constructed of Portland stone with a cladding steel frame and slate roofs. They have been Grade II listed since 1973.
Tube station
The tube station opened on 30 July 1900 when the first section of the Central line opened. A connection to the Bakerloo line opened on 10 March 1906; the station was modified below ground to accommodate this.
For five years from 1963 as part of connecting the tube station to the Victoria line, the road surface was carried on a temporary 850-ton umbrella bridge, accommodating all four directions of travel while work continued underneath. This was dismantled on 12 April 1968. In 1976, a bomb planted by the Provisional IRA was detected at the station and successfully defused. The station was badly damaged by fire in November 1984, but there were no fatalities.
Traffic
Oxford Circus is one of the busiest pedestrian crossings in London. In 1924, shipbuilder Alfred Yarrow proposed building a grade-separated junction to segregate traffic, paid for by their own funds. The offer was turned down by Westminster City Council. In 1935, Westminster City Council proposed fitting pedestrian guard rails at the junction, restricting crossing in order to improve safety.
At the end of the 2000s, Oxford Circus had the highest pedestrian volumes recorded anywhere in London. At the busiest times, over 40,000 pedestrians per hour pass through the junction, including those accessing the tube station. The average traffic flow is around 2,000 vehicles per hour during the week, and the junction operates at near capacity for most of the day with regular queues, particularly west along Oxford Street. 24 bus routes pass through Oxford Circus, and over 400 buses cross the junction on an average weekday. There are bus stops within on every arm of the crossing.
In 2009, Transport for London redesigned the intersection to facilitate a pedestrian scramble. The crossing opened in November and cost around £5 million. It was inspired by street crossings in Tokyo, and opened by the Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, who called the scheme "a triumph for British engineering, Japanese innovation and good old fashioned common sense". The scheme added an additional of pedestrian space and removed the guard rail, adding 70% more capacity to the crossing.
Events
In February 1872, a tripartite arch made of flowers and decorated with flags was erected in the middle of Oxford Circus, to commemorate the Prince of Wales's recovery from typhoid fever. Queen Victoria passed along the parade with the Prince to a crowd of cheering children.
On 20 December 1938, 50 people took part in an unemployment protest staged in Oxford Circus. Campaigners threw themselves into the road shouting "We want work, we want bread", before being restrained by police.
On 1 May 2001, an anti-capitalism demonstration converging on Oxford Circus broke into violence. Police attempted to contain the crowd in the circus, but 50–60 demonstrators broke free and started destroying property and set fire to a nearby shop. Along with 3,000 others, Lois Austin was kept kettled in the circus for around 7 hours. They later appealed to the European Court of Human Rights.
On 26 March 2011, around 500,000 protested against government public service cuts in London. At Oxford Circus, they clashed with riot police.
On Black Friday, 24 November 2017, the Oxford Circus panic broke out after a fight in Oxford Circus tube station turned into a mass stampede. The area was busy and commuters and shoppers took refuge in shops. The Metropolitan Police later announced it would stand down the response.
In April 2019, the environmental group Extinction Rebellion protested by blockading Oxford Circus. Protesters chained themselves to the road, and the Metropolitan Police drafted additional police officers to help clear the area, who helped tear down a pink boat named after the environmental activist Berta Cáceres. In October, protesters erected a giant wooden pyramid structure in the centre of the circus, which had to be dismantled by a JCB.
In August 2019, a protest against the imprisonment of far-right extremist Tommy Robinson at the circus descended into violence. A man was arrested for actual bodily harm.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Oxford Street
Road junctions in London
"Believe Me" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Usher for their eighth studio album, Flawed. It was produced by Mike Will Made It, and released on September 5, 2014 through SoundCloud and the singer's VEVO channel. "Believe Me" is an "emotional" uptempo ballad, where the lyrics revolve around Usher betraying their lover's trust and being left with the guilt.
Production and release
On August 24, 2014 Usher performed "She Came to Give It to You" during the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, with rapper Nicki Minaj. The same day, "Believe Me" was released on MTV as a track from their eighth studio album Flawed (2016). It was later released through SoundCloud and the singer's VEVO channel on September 5.
"Believe Me" was produced by Mike Will Made It, and has a running duration of four minutes and four seconds. It is an "emotional" uptempo ballad, where Usher sings about "betraying their girl's trust and being left with the guilt." The song combines the genres of EDM and pop, with R&B over-tones through Usher's falsetto. The song utilities synthesizers which "punctuates" and a "thumping" bass.
References
Usher (musician) songs
2014 songs
Songs written by Usher (musician)
Victor Ivanovich Shestakov (1907–1987) was a Russian/Soviet logician and theoretician of electrical engineering. In 1935 they discovered the possible interpretation of Boolean algebra of logic in electro-mechanical relay circuits. They graduated from Moscow State University (1934) and worked there in the General Physics Department almost until their death.
Shestakov proposed a theory of electric switches based on Boolean logic earlier than Claude Shannon (according to certification of Soviet logicians and mathematicians Sofya Yanovskaya, M. G. Gaaze-Rapoport, Roland Dobrushin, Oleg Lupanov, Yu. A. Gastev, Yu. T. Medvedev, and Vladimir Andreevich Uspensky), though Shestakov and Shannon defended Theses the same year (1938) and the first publication of Shestakov's result took place only in 1941 (in Russian).
In the early 20th century, relay circuits began to be more widely used in automatics, defense of electric and communications systems. Every relay circuit schema for practical use was a distinct invention, because the general principle of simulation of these systems was not known. Shestakov's credit (and independently later Claude Shannon's) is the general theory of logical simulation, inspired by the rapidly increasing complexity of technical demands. Logical simulation requires solid mathematical foundations. Namely these foundations were originally established by Shestakov.
Shestakov set forth an algebraic logic model of electrical two-pole switches (later three- and four-pole switches) with series and parallel connections of schematic elements (resistors, capacitors, magnets, inductive coils, etc.). Resistance of these elements could take arbitrary values on the real-number line, and upon the two-element set {0, ∞} this degenerates into the bivalent Boolean algebra of logic.
Shestakov may be considered as a forerunner of combinatorial logic and its application (and, hence, Boolean algebra of logic as well) in electric engineering, the 'language' of which is broad enough to simulate non-electrical objects of any conceivable physical nature. They were a pioneer of study of merged continual algebraic logic (parametrical) and topological (structural) models.
See also
List of pioneers in computer science
Boolean differential calculus
References
Shestakov, V. I. Algebra of Two Poles Schemata (Algebra of A-Schemata). In: Automatics and Telemechanics, 1941, N 2, p. 15 – 24 (Russian)
Shestakov, V. I. Algebra of Two Poles Schemata (Algebra of A-Schemata).In: Journal of Technical Physics, 1941, Vol. 11, N 6. p. 532 – 549 (Russian)
Bazhanov, V. A., Volgin, L. I. V. I. Shestakov and C. Shannon: the Fate of One Brilliant Idea. In: Scientific and Technical Kaleidoscope, 2001, N2, pp. 43 – 48. (Russian)
Bazhanov, V. A. V. I. Shestakov and C. Shannon: Different Fates of One Brilliant Idea Architects. In: Problems of History of Science and Technology, 2005, N 2, pp. 112– 121. (Russian)
Bazhanov, V. A. History of Logic in Russia and the USSR. Moscow, Kanon+, 2007. (Russian)
Gaaze-Rapoport, M. G. The Making of Cybernetics in the USSR. In: Cybernetics: Past for the Future. Moscow, 1989, pp. 46–85. (Russian)
Gastev Yu. A., Medvedev, Yu. T. Some Problems of Electric Circuits. In: History of Russian Mathematics. Kiev, 1970, Vol. 2, pp. 443 – 446. (Russian)
Dobrushin, R. L., Lupanov, O. B. Preface to the book: Shannon, C. Works of the Theory of Information and Cybernetics. Moscow, 1963, pp. 9. (Russian)
Yanovskaya S. A. Mathematical Logic and Foundation of Mathematics. In: Mathematics in the USSR During Last 40 Years. Moscow, 1959, Vol. 1, pp. 13 – 120. (Russian)
External links
1907 births
1987 deaths
Mathematical logicians
Soviet electrical engineers
Moscow State University alumni
Soviet mathematicians
Sangita Madhavan Nair is an Indian actor, who has worked in Malayalam, Tamil and Kannada film industries, predominantly in the 1990s.
The actor is best known for their role as Shyamala in Chinthavishtayaya Shyamala, which was written and directed by Sreenivasan, for which they have won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actress.  They are also well known for their role of Nirmala Mary in actor Vijay's breakthrough film Poove Unakkaga (1996).
They started their career as a child artiste in the movie Snehikkan Oru Pennu, a Malayalam movie released in 1978. Them debut film as a child artist in Tamil was En Rathathin Rathame, which is the Tamil remake of Hindi movie Mr. India. The first film they acted as a hero was Ellame En Rasathan in 1995.
Personal life
They were born as the youngest among four children, to Madhavan Nair from Kottakkal, Malappuram and mother, Padma from Kuzhalmannam, Palakkad, settled in Chennai. Them father migrated to Chennai for fruit business and the family settled there. They had their primary education from Sri Gujarati Vid Matriculation School, Chennai. They have two sisters, Mallika and Charu and a brother, Nitheesh. Them brother portrayed a supporting role in their unreleased film, Punniyavathi.
They married cinematographer S. Saravanan in 2000 and retired from acting after marriage. The couple have a daughter Saai Thejaswathy born in 2002. They assisted their husband when they directed their first film, Silambattam starring Silambarasan, Sana Khan and Sneha.
Awards and honours
Partial filmography
References
External links
Sangita at MSI
Indian film actores
Living people
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Kerala State Film Award winners
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses from Kerala
20th-century Indian actores
21st-century Indian actores
1976 births
People from Malappuram district
Actresses from Chennai
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Child actores in Malayalam cinema
Georg Karl Maria von Seidlitz (June 19, 1840, St. Petersburg – July 15, 1917, Irschenhausen near Munich) was a German doctor and entomologist. They were a zoology teacher in Dorpat (1868–77), then in Königsberg, (1877–88), where they became a fishery expert. They later specialised in Coleoptera, describing many new species and they wrote Fauna Baltica. Die Käfer (Coleoptera) der Ostseeprovinzen Russlands. Dorpat, 1875. Their general beetle collection is conserved in the Zoologische Staatssammlung München, their Baltic Coleoptera are in the zoology museum in Kaliningrad.
Von Seidlitz was an early supporter of Darwinism in continental Europe.
Selected publications
Die Darwin'sche Theorie: Elf Vorlesungen über die Entstehung der Thiere und Planzen durch Naturzüchtung (1871)
References
Klausnitzer, B. 2003: Der Beitrag österreichischer Entomologen zur Erforschung der Marienkäfer (Coleoptera, Coccinellidae). Denisia 8 91-120, 30 Abbs. 92
Scherer, G. 1992: Die Sektion Coleoptera der Zoologischen Staatssammlung München. Spixiana Suppl. 17 61-71, 5 Abbs. 66 (Sammlung)
External links
History of Zoology in Königsberg
1840 births
1917 deaths
Baltic-German people
German entomologists
Scientists from Saint Petersburg
University of Tartu faculty
University of Königsberg faculty
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Germany
Say It Again is the third album by American R&B singer Jermaine Stewart. It was released in 1988 on Arista Records; their second full-length album for the label, and their final album to be released in North America. The title track of the album reached No. 27 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Background
Stewart told Record Mirror in 1988, "The album is definitely a progression. Vocally I've grown up and I was able to project a lot of the feeling and truth contained in the songs."
Track listing
Outtakes:
"You Promise", B-side on the "Say It Again" single
"Imagine", B-side on the "Get Lucky" single and later included on the compilation album Attention
"Places", B-side on the "Don't Talk Dirty to Me" single and later included on Attention
"Search", B-side on the "Is It Really Love" single and later included on Attention; also released as "Search for Love" on the B-side of the single "Hot & Cold"
"Attention", included on the album Attention
Personnel
Musicians
Jermaine Stewart - lead and backing vocals
André Cymone - all instruments
Jerry Knight - all instruments, backing vocals
Aaron Zigman - all instruments
Greg Porter - guitar solo on track 5
Marty Walsh - guitar solo on track 8
Jerry Hey - horn section on tracks 2 & 11
Bill Reichenbach - horn section on tracks 2 & 11
Kim Hutchcroft - horn section on tracks 2 & 11
Larry Williams - sax solo on track 11
Michael Lacata - drum fills on track 8
Paulinho Da Costa - percussion on track 10
Marva King - backing vocals
Muffy Hendrix - backing vocals
Angel Rogers - backing vocals
Jody Watley - backing vocals
Wanda Hutchinson-Vaughn - backing vocals
Pam Hutchinson - backing vocals
James Ingram - backing vocals
Josie James - backing vocals
Deneice Williams - backing vocals
Jackie James - backing vocals on tracks 3 & 9
Production
Bobby Brooks - engineer
Coke Johnson - engineer
Ta Avi Mote - engineer
Victor Flores - engineer
Keith Cohen - engineer
Mick Guzauski - engineer
Gary Wagner - engineer
Csaba Petocz - engineer
Jared Held - assistant engineer
Jimmy Preziosi - assistant engineer
Jeff Lorenzen - assistant engineer
Elmer Flores - assistant engineer
John Arrias - additional engineer
Jamie Yvette Snyder-Newman - production coordinator (André Cymone)
Clive Davis - executive producer
Note
In the booklet, engineer "Jarod Held" is credited as "Jared Held", vocalist "Deniece Williams" as "Denise Williams" and vocalist "Wanda Vaughn" as "Wanda Hutchinson-Vaughn".
Charts
References
External links
Jermaine Stewart's page on Artists With AIDS
Say It Again at Discogs
1988 albums
Jermaine Stewart albums
Arista Records albums
Albums produced by Jerry Knight
Albums produced by Aaron Zigman
Albums produced by André Cymone
Mpaka is a town in eastern central Eswatini in western Lubombo District. It lies about northwest of Siteki on the MR3 highway.
Transports
Mpaka has one of the main railway stations in the country, serving as a connection between the Goba railway (Siphofaneni-Mpaka-Mlawula) and the Komatipoort railway (Mpaka-Mananga).
External links
On Google Maps
Populated places in Lubombo Region
Michael Tung (born 19 March 1990) is a Trinidad racing cyclist. They started swimming at the age of fifteen and made their first swimming national record a couple months after. They excelled in swimming, coming second in the 100M free at Marlins International Open and coming first overall in several High School Invitational competitions. From there they went into the sport of triathlon. Ranking first in triathlon in their country at the age of 16, Michael managed to be invited to compete in the 2006 ITU World Championships in Lausane, Switzerland.
Michael's passion for cycling made them pursue the sport on a higher level. They excelled immediately, as they were able to come second and third in the majority of races they participated in. In 2007, Michael was able to win the first Tour of Trinidad (a three-day race which covers an average 100 km per day) and was able to become the 2008 National Keirin Champion.
Career highlights
Sources
http://autobus.cyclingnews.com/road.php?id=road/2006/sep06/tobago06
http://www.newsday.co.tt/sport/0,83216.html
http://www.newsday.co.tt/sport/0,66537.html
http://www.newsday.co.tt/sport/0,95041.html
http://www.newsday.co.tt/sport/0,79597.html
http://guardian.co.tt/sports/other-sports/2009/02/01/2009-cycling-season-opens
https://web.archive.org/web/20090129205347/http://ttcyclingfederation.com/
http://www.ttcyclingfederation.com/results/2007-09-15-CriteriumChamps.htm
http://www.odesseytiming.com/RESULTS07/07-10-04-Tobago-Cycling-Classic/res-stg2-div2.htm
http://www.triathlon.org/?call=TVRFeQ==&id=Nzc2Mg==&keep=sh
https://www.amazon.it/Trinidad-Tobago-Cyclists-Olympic-Michael/dp/images/1158673310
Living people
1990 births
Trinidad and Tobago male cyclists
Knattspyrnufélagið Víðir, commonly known as Víðir or Víðir Garði are an Icelandic sports club from Garður on the Reykjanes peninsula of Iceland. They were founded on 11 May 1936.
Football
Men's football
Víðir played in the Icelandic top-tier league from 1985-1987 and again in 1991, with 7th place being their best finish, in 1986. Víðir reached the final of the Icelandic Cup in 1987 at Laugardalsvöllur but lost against Fram.
Titles
Icelandic Cup
Runner-up: 1987
1. deild karla
Winners: 1990
2. deild karla
Winners: 1982, 1998
3. deild karla
Winners: 2007
References
External links
Profile at Football Association of Iceland
Football clubs in Iceland
Association football clubs established in 1936
1936 establishments in Iceland
This is a list of notable alumni and faculty members of the Sharif University of Technology by profession.
Academics
Farhad Ardalan, Professor of Particle Physics, APS Fellow
Ehsan Afshari, Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Michigan
Mohammad-Reza Aref, Professor of the Electrical Engineering department
Reza Ghotbi, former lecturer of Maths
Mehdi Bahadori, Professor of Mechanical Engineering
William Chittick, Professor of Religious Studies at the State University of New York
Mohammed Ghanbari, Professor of Electronic Systems Engineering at the University of Essex
Mehdi Golshani, theoretical physicist and philosopher
Fariborz Haghighat, Professor of Building, Civil and Environmental Engineering, Concordia University
Ali Hajimiri, Thomas G. Myers Professor of Electrical Engineering at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech)
Payam Heydari, Professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of California, Irvine (UCI)
Ali Jadbabaie, Alfred Fitler Moore Professor of Electrical and Systems Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania and MIT
Kourosh Kalantar-zadeh, Inventor, Australian Research Council Laureate Fellow and Professor at the UNSW
Nezam Mahdavi-Amiri, Distinguished Professor of Mathematics
Reza Mansouri, Professor of physics at SUT and a visiting professor at the McGill University
Alireza Mashaghi, Scientist at Harvard University and the Leiden University
Maryam Mirzakhani, Professor of Mathematics at the Stanford University
Mohammad Mahdi Nayebi, Professor of Electrical Engineering at the Sharif University of Technology
Behzad Razavi, Professor of Electronics at the UCLA
Fazlollah Reza, former Chancellor and professor at the MIT, McGill University, and University of Tehran
Sayed Khatiboleslam Sadrnezhaad, Professor of Metallurgical Engineering
Ali Akbar Salehi, Professor of Mechanical Engineering
Jawad Salehi, Professor of Mechanical and Computer Engineering
Homayoun Seraji, former Jet Propulsion Laboratory senior researcher
Mohammad Shahidehpour, Director of Electrical Engineering at the Illinois Institute of Technology
Siavash Shahshahani, Professor of Mathetmatics
Saeed Sohrabpour, current Chancellor and professor in Mechanical Engineering
Rahmat Shoureshi, President of Portland State University
Business
Alex Mehr and Shayan Zadeh, founders of Zoosk.
Behdad Esfahbod, former Senior Staff Software Engineer at Google
Government and politics
Morteza Alviri, former Mayor of Tehran
Mohammad Atrianfar, politician
Majid Farahani, reformist politician
Ali Larijani , former Speaker of the Iranian Parliament
Mohammad-Ali Najafi, politician and advisor
Abdul Rahman Saleem, Islamic activist
Maryam Rajavi, president of the PMOI
Foad Mostafa Soltani, Kurdish political leader
Abdul Rahman Saleem, British-Iranian Islamist activist
Arts and media
Adel Ferdosipour, prominent football commentator
Hamid Naderi Yeganeh, mathematical artist
Mohsen Sazegara, journalist and political activist
Peyman Yazdanian, pianist
Sports
Ali Daei, retired footballer with all-time highest International goalscorer record
Elshan Moradi, chess grandmaster
Presidents
Dr. Mohammad Ali Mojtahedi from 1965
Prof. Fazlollah Reza from 1968
Dr. Mohammad Reza Amin from 1968
Dr. Hossein Nasr from 1972
Dr. Mehdi Zarghamee from 1975
Dr. Alireza Mehran from 1977
Dr. Hossein Ali Anvari from 1978
Dr. Ali Mohammad Ranjbar from 1979
Dr. Abbas Anvari from 1980
Dr. Ali Akbar Salehi from 1988
Dr. Mohammad Etemadi from 1993
Dr. Sayed Khatiboleslam Sadrnezhaad from 1995
Dr. Saeed Sohrabpour from 1997
Dr. Reza Roosta Azad from 2010
Dr. Mahmud Fotuhi Firuzabad from 2014
References
Sharif University of Technology - Former Presidents
See also
Higher education in Iran
List of University of Tehran people
List of Iranian scholars
Peple
Sharif
The Ministry of National Security (MNS, Azerbaijani: Milli Təhlukəsizlik Nazirliyi) was an intelligence agency within the cabinet of Azerbaijan. The MNS was a central executive authority that carried out the competencies designated to it by the legislation of the Republic of Azerbaijan in the field of obtaining and analyzing information about foreign affairs, corporations, individuals. The MNS also carried out intelligence, counter-intelligence, protection of state secrets, revealing, preventing, precluding and detection of crimes. On 14 December 2015, President Ilham Aliyev signed a decree dissolving the ministry and creating a National Security Service with domestic duties and a foreign intelligence service.
History
Ministry of National Security of Azerbaijan was established on the material-technical and personnel basis of the Soviet Committee of State Security (KGB) on November 1, 1991. Within a short period of time, representatives of other nationalities had left the Ministry and Azerbaijan, the process of staffing Ministry only by the national specialists had begun. Not only the name and the personnel of the security body had changed, but primary change the Ministry faced was its mission and duties.
Organization
The Ministry was guided by the Constitution of the Republic of Azerbaijan, the laws of the Republic of Azerbaijan, the decrees of President, the decisions and decrees of the Cabinet of Ministers, the international treaties of which Azerbaijan was a part, its statute, and other normative-legal acts of the MNS.
The MNS headquarters were in the following cities:
Baku
Ganja
Nakhchivan
MNS operations
In 2008, the MNS arrested a dozen of Al-Qaeda members who were involved in terrorist attack on Abu Bakr Mosque.
Foreign ties and cooperation
The MNS has ties to several foreign intelligence agencies including National Intelligence Organization, Mossad and others. The MNS helped thwart the 2000 assassination attempt on Russian president Vladimir Putin by Iraqi citizen Kenan Ahmed Rustam in Martyrs' Lane.
Ministers (1991–2015)
Ministers of National Security of Azerbaijan
See also
Politics of Azerbaijan
Terrorism in Azerbaijan
References
External links
Official site of Ministry of National Security
Regulations Extract
Counterintelligence agencies
Defunct Azeri intelligence agencies
1991 establishments in Azerbaijan
2015 disestablishments in Azerbaijan
Pathargaon is a village in India, situated in Mawal taluka of Pune district in the state of Maharashtra. It encompasses an area of .
Administration
The village is administrated by a sarpanch, an elected representative who leads a gram panchayat. At the time of the 2011 Census of India, the gram panchayat governed three villages and was based at Taje.
Demographics
At the 2011 census, the village comprised 97 households. The population of 537 was split between 279 males and 258 females.
Air travel connectivity
The closest airport to the village is Pune Airport.
See also
List of villages in Mawal taluka
References
Villages in Mawal taluka
Valerii Kryshen () (born 1955) is a Ukrainian scientist, doctor of medicine and professor of general surgery.
Biography
Kryshen was born on 11 September 1955 in Dnipropetrovsk in what was then the Soviet Union to a medical family. They completed their medical degree in 1978 and began working in the surgical unit in Dnipropetrovsk city hospital. They chair the general surgery department at Dnipropetrovsk State Medical Academy.
Achievements
Kryshen authored near the 400 scientific papers, research articles, manuals, monographs, state patents and inventions, ministerial instructions and branch directions. They supervised doctoral students and participated in thesis defense reviews. They were a certified member of the European Society of Surgery (ESS). They provided relevant commentary on the ESS website. They were on the faculty of Ukrainian and European Surgical Congresses and was a member of the scientific international committee at 8th World Gastric Cancer Congress.
Kryshen created a new school, exposing young surgeons to clinical practice and research. They presided over and was a member of the government examination graduating and post-graduating commission and committee of experts in connection with medical, scientific and educational licence certification of research institutions and higher educational establishments in Ukraine. They administered and supervised 7 magistrates, 6 candidates and 1 doctorate scientific degree theses.
Kryshen's professional interests include acute surgical diseases and abdominal trauma treatment along with new aspects and high technology of elective and urgent surgery.  They are included in Bristol Who`s who is a Registry in Medical Practice and High Education heading.
Kryshen is listed by Swiss international collection of Hubner's in biographic encyclopedia of successful Ukrainian "Who is who in Ukraine", published in Germany and included in Encyclopedia of Modern Ukraine, printed in Kyiv.
Awards and honors
Kryshen is a member of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine.
They were awarded several medals: Merited Inventor of USSR, Silver and Bronze Participant of Achievement Government Exhibition of USSR and UkSSR.
References
Sources
Дніпропетровська державна медична академія:історія,події,особистості/до 95-річного ювілею/. Dnipropetrovsk state medical academy:to 95th anniversary. Kharkiv, 2011, p. 97
Who is who in Ukraine /in Ukrainian / Kyiv, 1997.
Кришень Валерій Павлович /in Ukrainian/ www.uk.m.wikipedia.org
Encyclopedia Modern Ukraine, Kyiv, 2014, vol. 15
www.dsma.dp.ua
Крышень Валерий Павлович / in Russian/ www.ru.m.wikipedia.org
Professors of Dnipropetrovsk medical academy 1916-2019.”Porogy”,2020.-576 p./ in Ukrainian /
Ukrainian surgeons
1955 births
Living people
Scientists from Dnipro
Members of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine
Ștefan Iulius Gavril (born 17 July 1989 in Brașov) is a Romanian distance runner who competes over distances from 800 metres to the half marathon.
Gavril is a Romanian national record holder on in two events: the 5K run and 10K run road race.
 They are an athlete of Nice Côte d'Azur Athletisme.
Biography
In 2003 they moved with their family to Italy and start with kickboxing and martial arts. In 2011 they won the BestFighter World Cup (KickBoxing) but in the following years they found a passion for running. In 2013 they ran their first competition in Turin. After 6 months they moved again, to Umeå, and began training consistently. They studied Political Science and International Relationships at Umeå University while there. They were a member of IFK Umeå between 2013 and 2014.
Afterwards, they moved to run for Nice Côte d'Azur Athletisme. From 2016 and on they made an improvement every performance, peaking in December 2019, where they run the new Romanian national record for the 10K run. They followed that feat in February 2020 with another national record; racing in Monaco they recorded an official time of 14:06 for the 5K run.
They represented their country at the 2020 Balkan Half Marathon Championships in Zagreb. In this competition, they finished in fourth place with a new personal best.
They won many events around Europe in those events including a top ten finish in the Valencia 10K. They duplicated the feat at the Monaco 5K, an extremely fast competition where the winner established the new world record.  They are the winner of 2019 Fort-de-France Half Marathon.
Personal records
Outdoor:
1000 m - 2:29.02 (2015)
1500 m - 3:52.09 (2017)
3000 m - 8:16.49 (2020)
5 km - 14:06 (2020)
10 km - 28:53 (2019)
International competitions
References
Stéphane Julius Gavril (Roumanie) vainqueur du 35e semi-marathon de Fort-de-France
VINOVO - Hipporun fa registrare un successo senza precedenti: 1300 atleti in gara fra Vinovo e Stupinigi - I VINCITORI
Portofino Run: Stefan Gavril e Mina El Kanoussi vincono un'ottava edizione da record - Genova 24
Vegelj e Gavril nell'albo d'oro: ecco i vincitori della Stratorino edizione 2017
Appuntamento di prestigio con la Mezza Maratona di Trino
Atleti di altissimo livello alla mezza maratona “Terre d'Acqua” | VercelliNotizie
Les Métropolitaines. Stefan Gavril solide vainqueur, retrouvez tous les résultats. Sport
Results: Herculis Monaco Run 2020 | Watch Athletics
FANIEL-DANDOLO: STRAVICENZA DA RECORD – MARATONINA DELLA VITTORIA: TRIONFO KENYA – Fidal Veneto
External links
Site officiel
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brașov
Romanian middle-distance runners
Romanian long-distance runners
Ecclesia College is a private evangelical Christian work college in Springdale, Arkansas. It is accredited by the Association for Biblical Higher Education. The college was founded in 1975 by Oren Paris II, the college's first chancellor and the father of recording artist Twila Paris. The college's name is derived from the Greek word ecclesia which means "called-out ones". It was used in ancient Greece to describe those who had been called out from general society to come aside and discuss the affairs of state; it is commonly translated as "church" or "assembly".
History
Jun 1975, Oren and Inez Paris, accompanied by their children and Oren's parents, veterans of the ministry, established Ecclesia Inc.
1976, the school enjoyed a strong and autonomous relationship with Youth With A Mission, "an international movement of Christians dedicated to serving Jesus throughout the world."
1996, Ecclesia College applied for membership in the Association for Biblical Higher Education.
Mar 1997, Ecclesia's Board of Governance inaugurated Oren Paris III as the new president.
Jul 2003, Ecclesia's Board of Governance named Oren Paris II as Chancellor
Mar 2004, the board confirmed the president's installation of Administrative Council members: the Academic Dean, the Assistant Dean, and four Director positions over Business and Finance, Student Services, Communications and Advancement.
2005, Ecclesia received accreditation and offers degrees both on campus and online.
Jul 2009, Ecclesia College became a member of the National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities (NAICU).
Jun 2012, Founder and Chancellor, Oren Paris II, died. Their wife of 56 years, Inez Paris, was installed as Chancellor the following July.
Jun 2015, marked Ecclesia's 40th anniversary.
April 2018, Oren Paris III resigns as president.
April 2018, Ecclesia's board of Governance inaugurated Dr. Randall Bell as the new president.
2017 bribery scandal
On January 4, 2017, Arkansas legislator Micah Neal pleaded guilty to conspiring to direct $600,000 in state government funds to Ecclesia College and another non-profit in exchange for $38,000 in bribes. The plea agreement also singles out the president of the college (Oren Paris III) as being directly involved with the conspiracy.
On March 2, 2017, former State Senator, Jon Woods, was indicted on 13 charges by a grand jury in connection to the kickback and bribery scheme.
Woods is facing 11 counts of honest services wire fraud, one count of money laundering and one count of honest services mail fraud.
The indictment outlined the scheme to steer General Improvement Fund money from the state legislature to projects supported through funding distributed by the Northwest Arkansas Development District.
The indictment also named the president of Ecclesia College in Springdale, Oren Paris III, who is facing nine counts of honest services wire fraud and one count of honest services mail fraud after receiving funding from GIF monies. The college is not listed in the indictment.
An Alma man, Randell G. Shelton Jr., is also listed in the indictment as part of an unnamed consulting company that was used to pay and conceal the kickbacks that Woods and Neal were allegedly receiving.
Both Shelton and Paris initially pleaded not guilty during arraignment hearings.
Paris changed their plea to guilty on April 4, 2018 and resigned as president of Ecclesia College.
Athletics
The Ecclesia athletic teams are called the Royals. The college is a member of the National Christian College Athletic Association (NCCAA), primarily competing as an independent in the Central Region of the Division I level.
Ecclesia competes in eight intercollegiate varsity sports: Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross-country and soccer; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, soccer and softball. The Royals also compete in men's shooting sports.
Ministries
Bibles for the Nations
Ecclesia Children's Ministries
Ecclesia Prep
Ecclesia Relief and Development
Strategic Missions For Strategic Nations
Twila Paris Productions
Accreditation
Ecclesia College receives institutional accreditation for higher education with the Association for Biblical Higher Education (ABHE) and has been accredited by ABHE since 2005. Ecclesia is also approved by the Arkansas Course Transfer System (ACTS) which allows a student to transfer their transferable hours from Ecclesia to any college or university in the state of Arkansas.
References
External links
Official website
Official athletics website
Educational institutions established in 1975
Private universities and colleges in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Springdale, Arkansas
Education in Washington County, Arkansas
Work colleges
1975 establishments in Arkansas
The Protection Command is one of the commands within the Specialist Operations directorate of London's Metropolitan Police Service. The command specialises in protective security and has two branches: Royalty and Specialist Protection (RaSP), providing protection to the royal family and close protection to government officials, and Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection (PaDP), providing uniformed security to government buildings, officials and diplomats. In contrast with the vast majority of British police officers, many members of the Protection Command routinely carry firearms in the course of their duties and all are authorised firearms officers.
Branches
In April 2015, the branches of Protection Command and elements of Security Command were merged into two distinct branches under the control of Protection Command: Royalty and Specialist Protection (RaSP; a merger of Royalty Protection and Specialist Protection) and Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection (PaDP; a merger of the Diplomatic Protection Group and the Palace of Westminster Division of Security Command).
Royalty and Specialist Protection
The Royalty and Specialist Protection (RaSP) was formed following a merger of the Royalty Protection Command (SO14) with the Specialist Protection Command (SO1) in April 2015.
The department has three service areas:
Close protection for members of the Royal Family, government ministers (which includes the Prime Minister) and visiting heads of state.
The Special Escort Group (SEG) who provide mobile armed protection to members of the royal family and government ministers
Armed security at royal residences in London, Windsor and Scotland.
Prior to 1978, when the Royalty Protection Branch was formed as a separate non-divisional specialist unit, royalty protection officers were attached for administrative purposes to "A" Division, although they came directly under the command of Assistant Commissioner "A".
Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection
Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection (PaDP) was formed following a merger of the Diplomatic Protection Group (SO6) with the Palace of Westminster Division (SO17) in April 2015.
PaDP provide armed and unarmed protection of embassies, missions and the Parliamentary Estate. They also provide residential protection for high-profile government ministers and are responsible for access control and security at Downing Street and New Scotland Yard.
PaDP was the command in which Police Constable Keith Palmer , who was killed in an attack at Westminster in 2017, worked, as did convicted kidnapper, murderer and rapist Wayne Couzens who used their status as a Police Officer to deceive their victim by falsely arresting them
See also
List of protective service agencies
Counterterrorism Command
Territorial Support Group
United States Secret Service
Fixated Threat Assessment Centre
Special Protection Group (India)
Federal Protective Service (United States)
Federal Protective Service (Russia)
References
External links
Official Webpage
Metropolitan Police units
Protective security units
Mucilaginibacter gossypii is a Gram-negative, non-motile and plant-growth-promoting bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from rhizosphere soil from cotton plants.
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter gossypii at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2010
Belkaya is a village in the Tefenni district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Tefenni District
La Molaire () is a rocky hill, high, on the west side of Rostand Island in the Géologie Archipelago, Antarctica. It was charted in 1951 by the French Antarctic Expedition, and named "La Molaire" (the molar) because of its appearance.
References
External links
Hills of Antarctica
Landforms of Adélie Land
The City of Canterbury Bankstown (also known as Canterbury-Bankstown Council) is a local government area located in the South Western region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The council was formed on 12 May 2016 from a merger of the City of Canterbury and the City of Bankstown, after a review of local government in New South Wales by the state government. In July 2022, the council began preparations to submit a business case to de-amalgamate the City of Canterbury Bankstown.
The City of Canterbury Bankstown comprises an area of and as per the , had a population of making it the most populous local government area in New South Wales.
The current Mayor of Canterbury-Bankstown is Khal Asfour, the final Mayor of Bankstown and a member of the Labor Party, who was first elected on 26 September 2017 as the inaugural Mayor.
History
Early history
The traditional Aboriginal inhabitants of the land now known as the Canterbury-Bankstown were the Dharug (Darag, Daruk, Dharuk) and Eora peoples. Early indigenous groups relied upon the riparian network of the Georges River and Cooks River catchments towards Botany Bay, with extant reminders of this lifestyle dating back 3,000 years including rock and overhang paintings, stone scrapers, middens and axe grinding grooves.
Following the arrival of Europeans in 1788, the new British settlers in the area burned oyster shells from the middens along Cooks River to produce lime for use in building mortar. The first incursions and eventual land grants in the area by Europeans led to increasing tensions, culminating in a confrontation between Europeans and a group of Aboriginal people led by Tedbury, the son of Pemulwuy, in what is now Punchbowl in 1809. However, following Tedbury's death in 1810, resistance to European settlement generally ended.
In 1793, the eastern Canterbury area's first land grant was made to the chaplain of the First Fleet, the Reverend Richard Johnson, and given the name Canterbury Vale. The District of Bankstown was named by Governor Hunter in 1797 in honour of botanist Sir Joseph Banks. The area remained very rural until residential and suburban development followed the development of the Bankstown Railway Line with the passing of the Marrickville to Burwood Road Railway Act by the NSW Parliament in 1890, extending the rail line from Marrickville Station (later Sydenham Station) to Burwood Road (later Belmore Station) by 1895. With the passing of the Belmore to Chapel Road Railway Act in 1906, the line was extended further to Lakemba, Punchbowl and Bankstown by 1909.
Local government history
Canterbury
After much petitioning of the State Government by local residents, the Municipality of Canterbury was proclaimed on 17 March 1879. The council first met in the home of the first mayor, Alderman John Sproule, and premises were then leased in the St Paul's Church schoolroom at 47-49 Canterbury Road, Canterbury. The Canterbury Town Hall, located on Canterbury Road between Canton and Howard Streets, was opened in 1889 by the Premier of New South Wales, Sir Henry Parkes. However, over time, Campsie became a more important centre, particularly along Beamish Street and Canterbury Council planned a gradual move of civic services there when funds became available. In 1954 a Baby Health Centre by Davey & Brindley opened on Beamish Street, followed by a library next door by Davey, Brindley & Vickery in 1958 at a cost of £30,000, and the municipal administration finally moved in 1963. At the time of its opening by the mayor R. J. Schofield on 26 September 1958, the Campsie Library was reputed to be the largest municipal library in Sydney. The Canterbury Municipal Administration Building designed by architects Whitehead & Payne, built by Rex Building Company Pty Ltd, and completed at a cost of £163,000 was opened adjacent to the Library and Baby Health Centre by the mayor, James S. Scott, on 21 September 1963. The City of Canterbury was proclaimed on 16 November 1993 by the Governor of New South Wales, Rear Admiral Peter Sinclair.
Bankstown
In March 1895 a petition was submitted to the NSW Colonial Government by 109 residents of the Bankstown area, requesting the establishment of the "Municipal District of Bankstown" under the Municipalities Act, 1867. The petition was subsequently accepted and the "Municipal District of Bankstown" was proclaimed by Lieutenant Governor Sir Frederick Darley on 7 September 1895. The first six-member council, standing in one at-large constituency, was elected on 4 November 1895. With the passing of the Local Government Act 1906, the council area became known as the "Municipality of Bankstown".
Bankstown's city status was proclaimed in 1980 in the presence of Queen Elizabeth II, becoming the "City of Bankstown".
Establishment of Canterbury-Bankstown Council
A 2015 review of local government boundaries by the NSW Government Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal recommended that the City of Canterbury merge with the City of Bankstown to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately 351,000. Following an independent review, on 12 May 2016 the Minister for Local Government announced, with the release of the Local Government (Council Amalgamations) Proclamation 2016, that the merger with the City of Bankstown would proceed with immediate effect, creating a new council with an area of .
The council was initially under the management of Administrator Richard Colley until elections were held. The first meeting of the council was held at Bankstown Council Chambers on 24 May 2016. The former Bankstown General Manager, Matthew Stewart was proclaimed as the first General Manager of the council. Jim Montague PSM, Canterbury Council General Manager from 1983 to 2016, was initially proclaimed as a Deputy General Manager of the new Council, but retired two weeks after the proclamation.
At the first council meeting on 24 May 2016, the administrator, Richard Colley, resolved to adopt city status and the council name would be known as the "City of Canterbury Bankstown" by way of changing the council's trading name and business registration. However, as this act merely changed the trading name of the council, the legal name as proclaimed in 2016 remains "Canterbury-Bankstown Council", which can only be changed by official proclamation in the NSW Government Gazette under section 206 of the Local Government Act, 1993.
Proposed de-amalgamation
In 2021, the council began resolving a proposal to de-amalgamate the City of Canterbury Bankstown. The de-amalgamation would restore the former City of Canterbury and City of Bankstown to their original boundaries. In July 2022, the council began preparations to submit a business case to the NSW government for approval.
Suburbs in the local government area
are:
Bankstown area:
One Tree Point
Canterbury area:
Notes
Demographics
Council
The Council comprises fifteen Councillors elected proportionally, with three Councillors elected in five wards. On 9 September 2017 the current Council was elected for a fixed term of office. Although the fixed term of the council is typically four years, due to delays caused by amalgamations and the COVID-19 pandemic, the first term from 9 September 2017 expired on 4 December 2021. The Mayor and Deputy Mayor are elected by the Councillors for two-year and one-year terms, respectively. The City of Canterbury Bankstown was under the management of Administrator Richard Colley and Interim General Manager Matthew Stewart until elections were held on 9 September 2017 and the first meeting of the elected Council on 26 September 2017.
Officeholders
Current composition
The most recent election was held on 4 December 2021, and the makeup of the council, by order of election, is as follows:
Heritage listings
The City of Canterbury Bankstown has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Ashbury, Holden Street: Ashfield Reservoir
Belmore, Burwood Road: Belmore railway station
Canterbury, Bankstown railway: Canterbury railway station, Sydney
Canterbury, 9 Fore Street: Bethungra, Canterbury
Canterbury, Sugar House Road: Old Sugarmill
Condell Park, Corner of Marion and Edgar Street: Bankstown Bunker
Earlwood, Pine Street: Cooks River Sewage Aqueduct
Earlwood, Unwin Street: Wolli Creek Aqueduct
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
External links
City of Canterbury-Bankstown website
Local government areas in Sydney
2016 establishments in Australia
Hume Highway
South Western Sydney
Georges River
The KrAZ-214 is an off-road truck 6x6 for extreme operations. It was manufactured at the YaMZ plant from 1956-1959, after which production was moved to KrAZ. The model line was the successor to the YaG-10 trucks.
Technical characteristics
Engine: 6.97 L diesel 6 cyl.
Power: 205 PS /2000rpm
Torque: 765 Nm /1300rpm
Top speed: 55 mph
Variants
KrAZ-214 (КрАЗ-214): cargo truck. Produced 1959-1963.
KrAZ-214B (КрАЗ-214Б): Updated version of KrAZ-214 with improved suspension and a 24 volt electrical system. Produced 1963-1967.
E-305V (Э-305В) - military excavator on KrAZ-214 chassis
Operators
Former operators
- Soviet Armed Forces
References
Military trucks of the Soviet Union
Military vehicles introduced in the 1950s
Kevin Smith Drinkell (born 18 June 1960) is an English former professional football player and manager. Drinkell was a centre forward, noted for their aerial ability and the number of headed goals they scored as a result.
Career
Drinkell began their career with hometown club Grimsby Town where they scored 89 goals in 272 games. Their goals got them noticed by other clubs and in 1985 Norwich City manager Ken Brown signed them for a fee of £90,000. Norwich were rebuilding their squad after relegation from the first division and had looked set to sign striker Trevor Senior from Reading, however when they opted to stay with the Royals they turned their attention to Drinkell. The fee was set by a Football League tribunal and the figure angered Grimsby, who considered their value to be much higher.
Drinkell quickly proved that Norwich had indeed got a bargain. In their first season at Carrow Road they scored 22 league goals as Norwich won the Second Division championship. With the Canaries being Football League Cup holders, Drinkell would also have experienced UEFA Cup action that season had it not been for the ban on English clubs in European competitions arising from the Heysel disaster in May 1985.
It won them the Golden Boot for being the division's top scorer as well as the first of two consecutive Norwich City players of the year awards. Their goalscoring form continued in the First Division. Their most memorable goal for Norwich – by popular consensus among supporters – came in a match against Liverpool on 11 April 1987 at Carrow Road. Liverpool were reigning league champions and were looking to regain the title. The score was 1–1 late in the game, when Drinkell picked up the ball at the edge of the area and hit a fierce shot from a difficult angle past Liverpool goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar. It ended one of the most famous statistics in football, as it was the first time that Liverpool had lost a league match in which Ian Rush had scored. Norwich finished fifth that season, but Drinkell and their colleagues were once again denied the chance of UEFA Cup action, as UEFA voted for the ban on English clubs in European competitions to continue for at least another season. Drinkell added a further 12 league goals in 1987–88, though the Canaries finished in the bottom half of the table this time – a decline in form which had seen Brown dismissed as manager in favour of coach Dave Stringer in December 1987.
In total, Drinkell scored 57 goals in 150 games for the Canaries.
In 1987, Drinkell rejected the chance of a move to Manchester United, just after the appointment of Alex Ferguson as their manager.
Drinkell's exploits earned them a £600,000 move to Rangers, who signed them ahead of Tottenham Hotspur in the 1988 close season. They won Scottish League Championship and Scottish League Cup medals at Ibrox, but lost their place to new signing Mo Johnston for the 1989–90 season and played just four more games for Rangers before their return to England in October 1989 when they signed for Coventry City in a deal worth around £800,000.
Despite scoring on their debut against their hometown team, Grimsby, in the Football League Cup, their goalscoring form deserted them at Highfield Road (he failed to score in any of their 15 league appearances in the 1990–91 season, and after a short loan spell with Birmingham City in the autumn of 1991 they began their coaching career in Scotland with Falkirk. They coached and managed Stirling Albion, gaining promotion to the First Division as Second Division champions in 1996, before becoming Montrose manager in 1998.
In 2002, Norwich City fans voted Drinkell an inaugural member of the Norwich City F.C. Hall of Fame.
As of 2012, Drinkell was working as a football player agent. They had a brief spell as assistant manager of Second Division club East Fife in 2013.
Since 2014 they have been working as a Mercedes-Benz Sales Executive in Perth for Arnold Clark Mercedes.
Honours
Grimsby Town
Fourth Division runners-up: 1979
Third Division: 1980
Supporters Player of the Year 1983
Supporters Young Player of the Year 1977
Norwich City
Second Division: 1986
Norwich City Player of the Year 1985–86, 1986–87
Inaugural member of Norwich City F.C. Hall of Fame: 2002
Rangers
Scottish Premier League Championship 1988–89
Scottish League Cup 1988–89
Falkirk
Division One Championship Winner (promoted 1994) 1993/94
Scottish Challenge Cup: 1993–94
References
Notes
Sources
Canary Citizens by Mark Davage, John Eastwood, Kevin Platt, published by Jarrold Publishing, (2001),
External links
electronicfishcake.com – Grimsby player profile
sporting-heroes.net – Rangers player profile
ex-canaries.co.uk – Norwich City player profile
1960 births
Living people
Footballers from Grimsby
English footballers
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Norwich City F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Coventry City F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Falkirk F.C. players
Stirling Albion F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
English football managers
Stirling Albion F.C. managers
Montrose F.C. managers
Scottish Football League managers
Association football forwards
George Herman Kreeger was a member of the Georgia House of Representatives from 1969 to 1977 representing portions of Cobb County, Georgia. They then served as a judge in the Georgia courts for over thirty years.
Early years and education
Kreeger graduated from the University of Georgia with a Bachelor of Science in Education in 1963. While an undergraduate, they became a member of Sigma Pi fraternity. They graduated from the University of Georgia School of Law in 1966 with their Juris Doctor degree where they were a member of Phi Delta Phi legal society.
Legal and political career
After graduation, Kreeger practiced law for thirteen years with the firm of Tate and Kreeger in Marietta. In 1968, Kreeger was elected to the Georgia House of Representatives, taking office in 1969. They served four 2-year terms. Kreeger was a member of the Democratic party in a district which was increasing favoring Republicans. Kreeger was appointed to a position on the State Court of Cobb County in 1979. They served as a Cobb County Superior Court judge from 1984 to 2012, being the Chief Judge from 1997 to 1998. They also served in the Cobb County Adult Drug Court for 10 years and was the Administrative Judge for the Seventh Judicial District from 2002-2004. In 2012, after more than 33 years on the bench, Judge Kreeger wrote a letter to Georgia Governor Nathan Deal asking to be placed on Senior Judge status, effectively retiring. The state Judicial Nominating Committee took applications for Kreeger's position and recommend its top picks to the governor.
Personal life
Kreeger is married to their wife Hellan and they have three daughters.  They are a Methodist and a member of the Optimist Club.
References
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Methodists from Georgia (U.S. state)
Edwin or often capitalized, EDWIN, is a Japanese clothing brand founded in 1947 as 'Tsunemi Yonehachi shop'. Edwin Co. Ltd., (株式会社エドウイン) mainly focuses on jeans manufacture.
Their most popular line of clothing is the 503 jeans model which was first sold in 1997. Actor Brad Pitt has been an official spokesperson and model for the brand, appearing in many of its advertisements in the past. The company has flagship concept stores in Japan in Harajuku, Tokyo and Minami-Horie, Osaka.
History
Established in Tokyo, Japan, in 1947, the EDWIN brand is known for its authenticity, innovation and craftsmanship. Founder Tsunemi Yonehachi was amongst the first merchants to bring vintage American jeans to Japan in the postwar era, setting off a national obsession with denim.
In 1961, inspired by a growing demand, EDWIN (whose company name comes from a creative rearrangement of the letters found in the word "denim") debuted the first made-in-Japan jeans.
By the 1970s, EDWIN had established itself as a pioneer in denim manufacturing, experimenting with wash techniques in the EDWIN Wash House that impacted denim wash processes around the globe. Innovations included ONE WASH, a prewash process to eliminate shrinkage prior to purchase, and OLD WASH, a precursor to stone wash that reproduces faded colors through careful abrasion techniques for a lived-in denim look.
Today, EDWIN continues to set the gold standard in Japanese denim production, priding itself on the use of exclusive fabrics, revolutionary production technologies, state-of-the-art finishing and advancements in design and fit.
Owned Brands
EDWIN
SOMETHING
C17
Ladiva by EDWIN
Licensed Brands
Lee (jeans)
Wrangler (jeans)
Alpha Industries
Maui and Sons
References
External links
EDWIN Official site
EDWIN EUROPE EDWIN USA
Clothing companies of Japan
Clothing brands of Japan
Jeans by brand
Itochu
Japanese companies established in 1969
Manufacturing companies based in Tokyo
Retail companies based in Tokyo
Malin Kenneth Oshman (July 9, 1940 – August 6, 2011) was an American business person and Silicon Valley pioneer. Oshman and three former classmates from Rice University founded ROLM, initially a maker of rugged military computers, in 1969. In 1988, they became chief executive officer of Echelon Corporation.
References
1940 births
2011 deaths
American businesspeople
Stanford University alumni
Silicon Valley people
Söbüce, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
The village is 110 km away from Antalya city center, and 90 km away from Döşemealtı. The climate of the village is similar to the Mediterranean climate.
Economy
The economy of Söbüce is largely agrarian. Animal breeding is also popular within the village.
Infrastructure
There is no primary school in the village. There is a drinking water network, however there is no sewerage. Hospitals and doctors offices are completely absent. The road that provides access to the neighborhood is asphalt. There are no telephone lines.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Enneapogon desvauxii is a species of grass known by the common name nineawn pappusgrass. This is a short perennial bunchgrass native to the southwestern United States, northern Mexico, parts of South America, and occurs throughout arid parts of Africa. It is known less often on other continents.
Description
Enneapogon desvauxi grows erect stems 10 to 40 centimeters tall.
It has a few hairy, thready leaves and fluffy gray inflorescences. Each spike is 3 to 6 centimeters long and contains fertile florets which form the fruit grain, each with nine spreading awns with white hairs.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment — Enneapogon desvauxi
USDA Plants Profile
Enneapogon desvauxi Photo gallery
desvauxii
Bunchgrasses of North America
Bunchgrasses of South America
Grasses of Mexico
Native grasses of California
Grasses of the United States
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of the Sonoran Deserts
North American desert flora
Flora of Northwestern Mexico
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Sorority Wars is a 2009 American comedy-drama television film directed by James Hayman and written by Michelle Lovretta. It stars Lucy Hale, Courtney Thorne-Smith, Phoebe Strole, Amanda Schull, Rob Mayes, and Faith Ford. The film was shot in Vancouver and premiered on Lifetime on October 17, 2009.
Premise
Katie Parker (Lucy Hale) and Sara Snow (Phoebe Strole) have been friends since childhood. They enter college together, where Katie is a prized legacy candidate for the Delta sorority, which was co-founded decades ago by their mother, Lutie (Courtney Thorne-Smith) and Summer (Faith Ford), whose own daughter Gwen (Amanda Schull) now leads the Deltas on campus. Events occur during pledge week to cause a rift between Katie and the Deltas, which leaves Sara as a Delta pledge and Katie out in the cold. Katie joins the rival Kappa sorority, and the rivalry splits not just Katie and Sara, but extends all the way into the Delta alumnae association led by Lutie and Summer.
Cast
Lucy Hale as Katie Parker
Courtney Thorne-Smith as Lutie Parker
Amanda Schull as Gwen
Phoebe Strole as Sara Snow
Kristen Hager as Heather
Rob Mayes as Beau
Adrian Hough as William
Sarah-Jane Redmond as Dana
Chelan Simmons as Casadee
Faith Ford as Summer
Marie Avgeropoulos as Missy
Scott Lyster as P.J.
Christine Willes as Mary Lee Snow
Catherine Lough Haggquist as Hilary
Meredith Bailey as Sally
Diana Bang as Lauren
Andrea Brooks as Shawna
Natasha Gulmans as Lana
Reception
Reviews of the film were positive. Linda Stasi of the New York Post gave the movie a rating of 3.5 stars out of 4. They described it as "bizarrely entertaining in a mindless, I-need-to-veg-this-weekend kind of way." They praised lead actor Lucy Hale as "quite a talent". Writing for Variety, Brian Lowry had a similar opinion of the movie, calling it "moderately engaging" and "cheerfully mindless". They said that Hale was "very appealing".
References
External links
Sorority Wars on Lifetime Movies
2009 television films
2009 films
2009 comedy-drama films
2000s English-language films
2000s teen comedy-drama films
American comedy television films
American teen comedy-drama films
Comedy-drama television films
Films about fraternities and sororities
Films shot in British Columbia
Lifetime (TV network) films
Sonar Entertainment films
Films directed by James Hayman
2000s American films
Codecasa is an Italian luxury super yacht building firm, founded in Viareggio by Giovanni Battista Codecasa in 1825.
History
The shipyard Codecasa was created by Giovanni Battista Codecasa in 1825.
Today, under the direction of the sixth generation Codecasa, the company works with a custom policy, which aims to build the yacht according to the owner's needs. In January 2020 the Shipyards will launch a new project: the construction of jets 2020. It will be a 70-meter yacht, with a unique design of its kind because it borrows the aviation lines with the result of looking like an airplane resting on the sea. This project should be completed within the year and is destined to become the new flagship of the Codecasa Shipyards.
Even today the company, despite having many employees and several factories, is led at its top by members of the Codecasa family, maintaining a family business identity exactly as it was when it all started. For 40 years now at the helm of the company there has been Fulvio Codecasa (son of Ugo Codecasa), always present in the company, flanked by their daughters Fulvia and Elena Codecasa, and by their respective husbands Ennio Buonomo and Fabio Lofrese.
In 2010, Codecasa launched the superyacht Lady Lau.
Activities
The company possesses a shipyard which allows them to build steel/aluminium or entirely aluminium vessels between in length. The shipyard is situated in one of the port of Viareggio's oldest docks, covering an area in excess of 6500 square meters. The shipyard is also equipped with repairing and refitting of motor and sailing yachts.
The company is responsible for many luxury yachts around the Mediterranean Sea. Former clients include billionaires such as Mohammed Al-Fayed who bought their yacht the Sokar, originally built in 1990 as the Jonikal, in the spring of 1997. It has a length of making it the 89th largest yacht in the world in 2007.
Codecasa Yachts was awarded “Best Design” in the large motor yacht category by Yachts Magazine for their 164-foot range of yachts.
Famous yachts
The Invader, 163.7-foot, owned by media mogul Jim Gabbert
The Apogee, 205-foot, owned by Darwin Deason
The Main, 213-foot, owned by Giorgio Armani
See also
Azimut Yachts
Baglietto
Benetti
Fincantieri
Rossinavi
Sanlorenzo
List of Italian companies
References
External links
Official site
List of Codecasa yachts and pictures
Manufacturing companies established in 1825
Shipbuilding companies of Italy
Yacht building companies
Italian boat builders
Italian companies established in 1825
Italian brands
Companies based in Tuscany
Viareggio
Gökçebelen, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
is an 8-minute-long original net animation written and directed by Ōtarō Maijō that was released as the first part of Hideaki Anno's Animator Expo. The story follows a girl who is tasked with becoming a dentist for a dragon. A two-part anime television special adaptation was aired in February 2017.
Cast
Production
Hideaki Anno announced the Animator Expo weekly anime shorts at the Tokyo International Film Festival in October 2014, with The Dragon Dentist as its first short. The short was written and directed by Ōtarō Maijō and produced by Tomoyuki Ogata, with Anno and Nobuo Kawakami of Dwango serving as executive producers. Animation was produced by Khara and directed by Kazuya Tsurumaki. Yasuyuki Kosaka served as character designer in collaboration with Yoshimichi Kameda, who served as animation character designer. Yuka Kawai served as art director under the supervision of Kentaro Akiyama. Hiroyasu Kobayashi provided CGI direction, and Toyotoku Yamada handled cinematography. Shin Inoie produced the anime's special effects. Yoshitaka Koyama composed the series music, while Toru Noguchi produced sound effects under the direction of Toshiharu Yamada. The short was edited by Hidemi Li, and Dan Kanemitsu translated it for the English subtitles.
In March 2016, NHK revealed plans to adapt one of the Animator Expo shorts into a television special, but did not reveal which one. In August 2016, the Animator Expo website revealed that the short to be adapted would be The Dragon Dentist, and that the adaptation would be a two-part feature-length anime special. Anno themselves will serve as executive producer for the special as well as serving as sound director. Tsurumaki will return as director, while Maijō collaborates on the script with Yōji Enokido. Shuichi Iseki designs the characters for the special. Animation is produced by Khara.
Release
ONA
The 8-minute long Dragon Dentist short was first shown at the Tokyo International Film Festival in October 2014, before being posted online with English subtitles on 7 November 2014. The ONA, along with the first and second seasons of the Animator Expo shorts, were removed from the series' website on 23 November 2015. Following the announcement of the TV special on 26 August 2016, the short was again made available to stream until 31 March 2017.
TV special
The first episode of the two-part special premiered on NHK's BS Premium channel on 18 February 2017, and the second episode aired on 25 February 2017. Each episode is 45 minutes long. The special aired dubbed on NHK World with the first episode airing on 17 March 2017 and the second episode airing the next day. The specials are currently available to stream on HIDIVE. Sentai Filmworks has licensed the special for home video distribution in North America.
Reception
Reviewing the first two seasons of Animator Expo for Anime News Network, Kevin Cirugeda recommended the short "with reservations." They praised Tsurumaki's animation, but felt that the story overreached a little bit and attempted to fit too much content into its short runtime, writing that it showed "a glimpse of this fantasy world, but be warned that there's a larger story there that we'll never see."
Salvador GRodiles of Japanator thought that the story was "a bit weak" but had interesting visuals, and had "potential" if Maijō were to expand on it.
References
External links
at Animator Expo
at NHK
at NHK
2017 anime television series debuts
2017 Japanese television series endings
2014 anime ONAs
Japanese television specials
2017 television specials
2010s animated television specials
Khara
Sentai Filmworks
NHK original programming
Animated television series about dragons
Television series set in fictional countries
Works about dentistry
Fiction about resurrection
Axel Nepraunik (born 3 February 1945) is an Austrian sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Austrian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Austria
Athletes from Hamburg
Jayamma Bandari (born c. 1978) is an Indian former sex worker turned social worker. In 2018 they were awarded the Nari Shakti Puraskar. In 2011 they founded an organisation which supports sex workers and their children with choices.
Life
Bandari was born in Nalgonda in about 1978. They became an orphan when they were three and an uncle became their guardian. They tried to marry them off when they were fourteen and even tried to marry them to a man who was already married.
Them alcoholic husband persuaded them to become a sex worker.
In 2001 they founded the organisation Chaitanya Mahila Mandali in Hyderabad with assistance of Jaya Singh Thomas. The organisation provides support to sex workers who want to escape their profession. The organisation provides assistance and it cares for the daughters of sex workers in order that they can avoid following their parents. 3,500 children have been rescued and a thousand women have found new work. The children are checked up on regularly after they are enrolled in state schools by their organisation.
Awards
In 2014 the Vigil India Movement gave them the M A Thomas National Human Rights Award. The Confederation of Indian Industry awarded them with one of three Women Exemplar awards in 2017. The other awards were for entrepreneur Kamal Kumbhar and Monika Majumdar of West Bengal. The awards were made by Pranab Mukherjee, the President of India with CII Presidents Naushad Forbes and Shobana Kamineni in support. In 2018 Bandari was awarded the Nari Shakti Puraskar on 8 March (International Women's Day). The award was made by President Kovind at the Presidential Palace (Rastrapati Bhavan) in New Delhi with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi also attending. Thirty-nine people or organisations were honoured that year. They received the award and a prize of $R 100,000.
References
1970s births
Living people
Year of birth uncertain
People from Nalgonda
Prostitutes
Social workers
Nari Shakti Puraskar winners
The Warsztaty Szybowcowe SG-7 was a Polish high performance, single seat sailplane. Two prototypes flew in 1937 but, outperformed by their contemporaries, no more were built.
Design and development
The SG-7, a development of the Warsztaty Szybowcowe SG-3 with reduced dimensions, was designed during 1936-7 to meet a government call for a high performance sailplane. It first flew in the late spring of 1937, followed in July by a second and final airframe.
The SG-7 was a wooden aircraft with a two-part, cantilever, high gull wing. Each part was built around a single spar which acted as the rear member of a torsion-resistant D-box formed with plywood surfacing around the leading edge. Behind the spar the wing was fabric-covered apart from a ply reinforced region at the join over the fuselage. The wing was trapezoidal in plan out to rounded tips, with differential ailerons over more than half the span.
Its fuselage was an oval-section, semi-monocoque plywood structure with the wing mounted above it on a faired pylon. Its enclosed cockpit was ahead of the pylon. The fuselage tapered aft to a narrow, integral fin which carried a fabric-covered, roughly D-shaped unbalanced rudder. The fin also mounted, a little above the fuselage, a narrow, ply-covered tailplane carrying rounded, fabric-covered elevators with a gap for rudder movement. The landing gear consisted of an under-fuselage, pneumatically sprung skid, assisted by a tailskid.
When competed, the SG-7s were overweight, reducing their predicted performance.
Operational history
One SG-7 appeared at the 1937 Scout Jamboree, held in the Netherlands in late July and in early August the other competed at the Fifth National Glider Cpntest in Inowrocław but only achieved 26th place. Though it flew better at low speeds and in turbulent conditions than the PWS-101 and the Warsztaty Szybowcowe Orlik it was otherwise inferior in performance and manoeuvrability and so did not go into production. The two prototypes remained in use until 1939, when modifications were required to meet new requirements on structural safety in cloud flight. These had not been completed before the 1939 Invasion of Poland.
Specifications
References
Aircraft first flown in 1937
1930s Polish sailplanes
High-wing aircraft
Gull-wing aircraft
Bernard Connor or O'Connor M.D. (c. 1666–1698) was an Irish physician and historian.
Life
Connor was born in County Kerry about 1666, and was instructed by private tutors. With the intention of adopting the medical profession they went to France about 1686, and studied at the universities of Montpelier and Paris, but took the degree of M.D. at Reims on 18 September 1691. They were a distinguished physician, anatomist and chemist.
When the two sons of Jan Wielopolski of Poland were on the point of returning to their own country, it was arranged that they should be accompanied by Connor. They took them to Venice, Padua, and through the Tyrol, Bavaria, and Austria, to Vienna. After some stay at the court of Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor they passed through Moravia and Silesia to Cracow and Warsaw. They were appointed physician at the court of John III Sobieski; their reputation was increased by their correct diagnosis that Katarzyna Radziwiłłowa, the king's sister, was suffering not from ague as other physicians maintained, but from an abscess in the liver.
In 1694 Connor was appointed to attend the king of Poland's only daughter, the Princess Theresa Kunegunda Sobieska, who was to travel from Warsaw to Brussels to marry Maximilian II Emanuel, Elector of Bavaria. They set out on 11 November 1694, and arrived at Brussels on 12 January 1695. Connor went on in February to London and took up residence in Bow Street, Covent Garden. They visited Oxford, where they lectured on the discoveries of Marcello Malpighi, Lorenzo Bellini, Francesco Redi, and others they had known. They returned in the summer of 1695 to London, where in the ensuing winter they gave another course of lectures. On 27 Nov. 1695 they were elected a fellow of the Royal Society; on 6 April 1696 they were admitted a licentiate of the College of Physicians of London, and that year lectured at Cambridge.
Connor succumbed to a fever, of which they died in October 1698. They were buried at St. Giles's-in-the-Fields on the 30th, when their funeral sermon was preached by William Hayley, D.D. Hayley, who regarded Connor as a member of the Church of England, attended them in their last illness and gave them the sacrament; but a Catholic priest also visited the dying man, and gave them absolution.
Works
In 1695 Connor published Dissertationes Medico-Physicæ. De Antris Lethiferis. De Montis Vesuvii Incendio. De Stupendo Ossium Coalitu. De Immani Hypogastrii Sarcomate Oxford, 1695. These treatises were printed separately with distinct title-pages.
The election of a successor to King John Sobieski prompted Connor's The History of Poland, in several letters to persons of quality, giving an account of the ancient and present state of that kingdom, 2 vols. London, 1698. They were assisted by John Savage, who wrote almost the whole of the second volume. From it the account of Poland in John Harris, Collection of Travels, vol. ii. (1748), was mostly derived.
In 1697 Connor published Evangelium Medici; seu medicina mystica de suspensis naturæ legibus, sive de miraculis; reliquisque en tois bibliois memoratis, quæ medicæ indagini subjici possunt, London, (two editions in the same year), reprinted at Amsterdam 1699. In this work they tried to show that the miraculous cures performed by Jesus Christ and their apostles may be accounted for on natural principles. Its appearance made a sensation, and Connor's religious orthodoxy became suspect.
Other works were:
Lettre écrite à Monsieur le Chevalier Guillaume de Waldegrave, premier medecin de sa Majesté Britannique. Contenant une Dissertation Physique sur la continuité de plusieurs os, à l'occasion d'une fabrique surprenante d'un tronc de Squelette humain, ou les vertebres, les côtes, l'os Sacrum, & les os des Iles, qui naturellement sont distincts & separez, ne font qu'un seul os continu & inseparable, Paris, 1691. Describes ankylosing spondylitis in a skeleton.
Zωοθανάσιον θαυμαστόν, seu Mirabilis Viventium Interitus in Charonea Neapolitana Crypta. Dissertatio Physica Romæ in Academia ill. D. Ciampini proposita, Cologne, 1694.
Notes
Attribution
1666 births
1698 deaths
17th-century Irish medical doctors
17th-century Irish historians
Fellows of the Royal Society
People from County Kerry
Rochray Glacier () is a glacier about 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, located just east of Hendersin Knob on Thurston Island and flowing south to Abbot Ice Shelf in Peacock Sound. First delineated from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in December 1946. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant (j.g.) Samuel Rochray, U.S. Navy, helicopter pilot on USS Glacier in February 1960, who made several flights in which new parts of Thurston Island were discovered. Jordan Nunatak stands between Rochray and Cox Glacier.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Thurston Island – Jones Mountains. 1:500000 Antarctica Sketch Map. US Geological Survey, 1967.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
References
Glaciers of Thurston Island
Jhon Wilson Murillo Córdoba (born November 6, 1990), known as Jhon Murillo, is a Colombian footballer who plays as midfielder for Tigres.
Career statistics
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Association football midfielders
América de Cali footballers
Londrina Esporte Clube players
Sportspeople from Antioquia Department
Affoussiata Bamba-Lamine (born 23 June 1970) is an Ivorian politician who served as a Minister of Communication from December 2012 until January 2017.
Early life and education
Bamba-Lamine was born on 23 June 1970 in Abidjan. Them father, Moriféré Bamba, was Minister of Communication during Alassane Ouattara's mandate. They have a law degree from the Robert Schuman University in Strasbourg, a master's degree in law from the University of Paris X and a doctorate in comparative law from the Nancy 2 University in France.
Career
Bamba-Lamine practiced law in France, becoming a member of the Paris bar in 2001.
In 2002, Bamba-Lamine became a legal advisor in the Ministry of Communication, and served in the Prime Minister's office from 2007 to 2012. During the 2010–11 Ivorian crisis, they participated in the Forces Nouvelles and served as a legal advisor to Guillaume Soro.
Bamba-Lamine was elected to the National Assembly for the commune of Abobo representing the Rally of the Republicans in 2011, the only woman newly entering government at that time. They were then elected President of the Commission of General and International Affairs. They were appointed Minister of Communication on 22 November 2012, and deputy spokesperson for the government. In May 2016, they announced a process for the liberalisation of television in the Ivory Coast.
At the 2016 election, Bamba-Lambine stood for the commune of Cocody, where they were defeated by former PDCI member turned independent Yasmina Ouegnin, who received 57% of the vote to Bamba-Lambine's 32%. They then resigned as Minister of Communications and was succeeded by Kone Bruno on 10 January 2017.
Awards and honors
Bamba-Lamine was made a knight of the National Order of the Ivory Coast in 2013.
Personal life
Bamba-Lamine is married and has two children.
References
Living people
1970 births
Women lawyers
People from Abidjan
University of Paris alumni
Nancy-Université alumni
Rally of the Republicans politicians
Government ministers of Ivory Coast
Women government ministers of Ivory Coast
Ivorian expatriates in France
21st-century Ivorian lawyers
Isa Phillips (born 22 April 1984) is a Jamaican hurdling athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles.
The Kingston native made their international debut at the 2001 World Youth Championships in Athletics, finishing sixth in the 400 m hurdles semi-finals. They won the national under-18s championship in the event in 2001. Phillips took to the senior circuit in 2003 and broke the 50-second-barrier in 2005, setting a personal best of 49.96 seconds in Arlington, Texas.
Their first major competition was the 2007 World Championships in Athletics where they finished fourth in the heats. The following year they represented Jamaica at the 2008 Summer Olympics and reached the semi-finals of the 400 m hurdles. They closed the season with a bronze medal win at the 2008 World Athletics Final, finishing behind compatriot Danny McFarlane and American Kerron Clement.
They lowered their personal best to 48.36 seconds at the Grande Prêmio Brasil Caixa meet in May 2009, making them the sixth fastest Jamaican in the event. They again improved at the Jamaican national championships, qualifying for the 2009 World Championships with a world-leading time of 48.05 s; Winthrop Graham and Danny McFarlane were the only Jamaicans who had faster times.
Phillips ran track collegiately at Louisiana State University.
Personal bests
All information taken from IAAF profile.
Competition record
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Jamaican male hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2011 Pan American Games
Olympic athletes of Jamaica
LSU Tigers track and field athletes
Sportspeople from Kingston, Jamaica
World Athletics Championships athletes for Jamaica
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Pan American Games silver medalists for Jamaica
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Tillières-sur-Avre is a commune in the Eure department and Normandy region of northern France.
The painter Maurice Boitel was born here in 1919.
The village is twinned with that of Wendehausen in Thuringia, Germany.
Population
See also
Communes of the Eure department
References
Communes of Eure
Wai used to be a VDC in Bajura District. Now it is the part of Swamikartik Rural Municipality of Sudurpashchim Province, Nepal.
Previously this VDC had ward no. 1 to 9. Now all these ward have been merged and formed ward no. 4 and 5 of Swamikartik Rural Municipality.
People residing here belongs to Chhetri, Kami, Brahmin, Damai, Sarki, Limbu etc. It is one of the remote place of Bajura District.
Populated places in Bajura District
Village development committees (Nepal)
J.P. Farnham Sings is the 10th studio album by British-born Australian pop singer John Farnham (known then as Johnny Farnham). The album was released in July 1975.
Background
Farnham recorded their last studio album for EMI, which was released in July.
Track listing
Side A
"Some People Sing" (Peter Dawkins)
"I Must Stay" (Ross Ryan)
"Don't Rock The Boat (You Have To Go Gently)" (Russell Morris)
"Till Time Brings Change" (Graham Loundes)
"Saturday Dance" (Mike McClellan)
"Most People I Know (Think That I'm Crazy)" (Billy Thorpe)
Side B
"Show Me The Way" (Brian Cadd, Don Mudie)
"Running to the Sea" (Corben Simpson)
"Things To Do" (Harry Vanda, George Young)
"I Can't Fly" (Colleen Hewett)
"To Be Or Not To Be" (Johnny Farnham)
"So Many Years" (Graham Wardrop)
References
1975 albums
John Farnham albums
The Colgate Comedy Hour is an American comedy-musical variety series that aired live on the NBC network from 1950 to 1955. The show featured many notable comedians and entertainers of the era as guest stars. Many of the scripts of the series are archived at the UCLA Library in their Special Collections.
Synopsis
The program evolved from NBC's first TV variety showcase, Four Star Revue, sponsored by Motorola. The "running gag" sketches were dropped in favor of more performing acts. The weekly show was proposed to be hosted by four comedians in a four-week rotation to provide competition for Ed Sullivan's Toast of the Town on CBS. The first episode, starring Hans Conried, Rosemary DeCamp and Dick Foran, was written and produced by the then 22-year-old Peggy Webber, who appeared in over 100 episodes of Dragnet with Jack Webb.
The new format was heavily backed by its sponsor, Colgate-Palmolive, to the tune of $3 million in the first year, and the 8:00 p.m. ET, Sunday evening format show was a spectacular success, particularly for Eddie Cantor and the Martin & Lewis and Abbott & Costello duos. In their autobiography, Jerry Lewis wrote that the show premiered Sunday, September 17, 1950, with Martin & Lewis and was telecast from the Park Theatre off Columbus Circle in New York City. As theatres are known by different names over history, it is possible that this was the now-demolished International Theatre at 5 Columbus Circle, the broadcast location of another NBC show of the era, Your Show of Shows with Sid Caesar and Imogene Coca. In fact, Eddie Cantor hosted the first Colgate Comedy Hour on September 10, 1950.
During the 1950–51 season, AT&T put into regular service a coast-to-coast coaxial/microwave interconnection service which allowed live telecasts from across the nation. Three production units were quickly set up, one in New York City, one in Chicago, and one in Los Angeles. Martin & Lewis and Abbott & Costello anchored the West Coast, broadcasting from the El Capitan Theater in Hollywood (today known as Avalon Hollywood; other shows that originated here include The Hollywood Palace), while Eddie Cantor anchored from New York City. This gave NBC a substantial edge over Ed Sullivan, since top-grade talent from motion pictures could also do network TV on the West Coast Colgate Comedy Hour, while Sullivan had to work with whoever happened to be in New York City at the time that a particular episode aired.
During the 1952–53 season, Cantor suffered a heart attack immediately after a Colgate Comedy Hour broadcast in September. Although they quickly recovered and returned in January 1953, they were reluctant to move on with the show. By the fourth season, the sponsor was providing $6,000,000, but the performers were finding difficulty in offering fresh material. Ratings hence began to decline. Cantor had become too ill to continue in the hosting role, and the travel was too stressful and painful for him. Their final Colgate appearance was in May 1954. Vic Schoen was hired as the musical director in 1954.
In 1954, Tony Martinez, later cast as the farmhand on The Real McCoys, made their television debut on The Colgate Comedy Hour.
In June 1955, the show changed its name to the Colgate Variety Hour to reflect a move away from pure comedy. A number of the earlier hosts had left by the end of the 1953–54 season (with the exception of Martin & Lewis) as the show shifted toward mini-musicals, starring hosts such as Ethel Merman and Frank Sinatra, who paired together in truncated version of Cole Porter's "Anything Goes". The show was also performing on the road as well, unlike other seasons where the shows were transmitted from New York City or Los Angeles at 8 p.m. Gordon MacRae often served as host during this period. On December 11, 1955 Sam Levene guest starred in a Salute to George Abbott. Recurring guest stars included Pat Sheehan, Joy Langstaff, Doris Gildart, and Connie Russell.
However, ratings continued to slide while The Ed Sullivan Show got stronger. The final show, emceed by the series' last continuing host Robert Paige, aired as a Christmas special on December 25, 1955, with Fred Waring and their Pennsylvanians choral ensemble. The Colgate Comedy Hour was replaced on January 8, 1956 with the NBC Comedy Hour, hosted by Leo Durocher for the first three shows. After Durocher, the regular hosts changed, and after 18 broadcasts, the final show aired in June. Regular supporting casts always co-starred in each of the episodes. Jonathan Winters was featured on the show.
On May 11, 1967, NBC broadcast a special Colgate Comedy Hour revival (pre-empting The Dean Martin Show, which Colgate sponsored at the time), with guests Nanette Fabray, Kaye Ballard, Edie Adams, Carl Reiner and Mel Brooks (performing one of their "2000 Year Old Man" routines), Phyllis Diller, Bob Newhart, Nipsey Russell, and Dan Rowan and Dick Martin. None of the performers who had performed in the original 1950–1956 shows appeared. The special, produced by George Schlatter, also served as a television pilot for a possible revival of the series, which never happened.
In the 1954–1955 season, Donald O'Connor left the show and starred in their own musical situation comedy, The Donald O'Connor Show, which aired on the NBC Saturday schedule alternating with The Jimmy Durante Show.
Notable guest stars who went on to find success in entertainment included Vera Miles, costar of Alfred Hitchcock's thriller Psycho, Bob Fosse, later a noted choreographer and director who won multiple Tonys and an Academy Award for their work, and even a child-age Christopher Walken, who became an Oscar-winning actor and screen star, appeared alongside Jerry Lewis in a sketch (albeit under their given name, Ronald).
Kinescopes of the 28 shows hosted by Martin & Lewis have been airing Saturday evenings on the classic television network RTV since June 30, 2012.
Color
The episode broadcast on November 22, 1953, hosted by Donald O'Connor, was the first color television broadcast in the NTSC color system (used in the U.S. until the change to digital in June 2009). There were few other color broadcasts in the 1953–1954 season, and all of them were transmitted by NBC. The series was also used earlier in the season to demonstrate the final form of RCA's "Compatible" color system to members of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Two sets were in the room: an experimental color model and a standard black-and-white unit. Eddie Cantor hosted the program with guests including Frank Sinatra, Eddie Fisher, and Brian Donlevy.
Ratings
Season 1: #4
Season 2: #5
Season 3: #7
Season 4: #10
Season 5: #27
Episodes
In popular culture
The Colgate Comedy hour is referenced in the Netflix Sketch Comedy Show I Think You Should Leave with Tim Robinson (Season 1 Episode 3).
References
External links
The Colgate Comedy Hour at the Museum of Broadcast Communications
Episode guide at Classic TV Info
1950 American television series debuts
1955 American television series endings
1950s American comedy television series
1950s American variety television series
American live television shows
Black-and-white American television shows
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television shows filmed in New York City
Television shows filmed in Los Angeles
Colgate-Palmolive
Ugo Foscolo (; 6 February 177810 September 1827), born Niccolò Foscolo, was an Italian writer, revolutionary and a poet.
 They are especially remembered for their 1807 long poem Dei Sepolcri.
Early life
Foscolo was born in Zakynthos in the Ionian Islands. Their father Andrea Foscolo was an impoverished Venetian nobleman, and their mother Diamantina Spathis was Greek.
In 1788, upon the death of their father, who worked as a physician in Spalato (present-day Split, Croatia), the family moved to Venice, and Foscolo completed the studies they began at the Dalmatian grammar school at the University of Padua.
Amongst their Paduan teachers was the Abbé Melchiore Cesarotti, whose version of Ossian was very popular in Italy, and who influenced Foscolo's literary tastes; they knew both modern and Ancient Greek. Their literary ambition revealed itself in the appearance in 1797 of their tragedy Tieste—a production that enjoyed a certain degree of success.
Politics and poetry
Foscolo, who, for unknown reasons, had changed their Christian name Niccolò to that of Ugo, began to take an active part in the stormy political discussions which the fall of the republic of Venice had triggered off. They were a prominent member of the national committees, and addressed an ode to Napoleon, expecting Napoleon to overthrow the Venetian oligarchy and create a free republic.
The Treaty of Campo Formio (17 October 1797) meant the definitive end to the ancient Republic of Venice, which was disbanded and partitioned by the French. The Austrians gave a rude shock to Foscolo, but did not quite destroy their hopes. The state of mind produced by that shock is reflected in their novel The Last Letters of Jacopo Ortis (1798), which was described by the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica as a more politicized version of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's The Sorrows of Young Werther, "for the hero of Foscolo embodies the mental sufferings and suicide of an undeceived Italian patriot just as the hero of Goethe places before us the too delicate sensitiveness embittering and at last cutting short the life of a private German scholar."
The story of Foscolo's novel, The Last Letters of Jacopo Ortis had a groundwork of melancholy fact. Jacopo Ortis had been a real person; they were a young student from Padua, and committed suicide there under circumstances akin to those described by Foscolo.
Foscolo, like many of their contemporaries, had thought much about suicide. Cato the Younger and the many classical examples of self-destruction described in Plutarch's Lives appealed to the imaginations of young Italian patriots as they had done in France to those of the heroes and heros of the Gironde. In the case of Foscolo, as in that of Goethe, the effect produced on the writer's mind by the composition of the work seems to have been beneficial. They had seen the ideal of a great national future rudely shattered; but they did not despair of their country, and sought relief in now turning to gaze on the ideal of a great national poet.
After the fall of Venice Foscolo moved to Milan, where they formed a friendship with the older poet Giuseppe Parini, whom they later remembered with admiration and gratitude. In Milan, they published a choice of 12 Sonnets, where they blend the passionate sentiments shown in Ortis with classical control of language and rhythm.
Still hoping that their country would be freed by Napoleon, they served as a volunteer in the French army, took part in the battle of the Trebbia and the siege of Genoa, was wounded and made prisoner. When released they returned to Milan, and there gave the last touches to their Ortis, published a translation of and commentary upon Callimachus, commenced a version of the Iliad and began their translation of Laurence Sterne's A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy. They also took part in a failed memorandum intended to present a new model of unified Italian government to Napoleon.
Before leaving France in 1806, Foscolo met Alessandro Manzoni once again, who was only seven years younger, in Paris. Manzoni was still living here in the house of their mother Giulia Beccaria. Some studies have compared the poetic production of Foscolo and Manzoni in the period from 1801 till 1803, with very close analogies (textual, metric and biographic) like in Alla amica risanata, ode to Antonietta Fagnani Arese, and Qual su le cinzie cime.
In 1807, Foscolo wrote their Dei Sepolcri, which may be described as a sublime effort to seek refuge in the past from the misery of the present and the darkness of the future. The mighty dead are summoned from their tombs, as ages before they had been in the masterpieces of Greek oratory, to fight again the battles of their country. The inaugural lecture On the origin and duty of literature, delivered by Foscolo in January 1809 when appointed to the chair of Italian eloquence at Pavia, was conceived in the same spirit. In this lecture Foscolo urged their young countrymen to study literature, not in obedience to academic traditions, but in their relation to individual and national life and growth.
The sensation produced by this lecture had no slight share in provoking the decree of Napoleon by which the chair of national eloquence was abolished in all the Italian universities. Soon afterwards, Foscolo's tragedy of Ajax was presented, with little success, at Milan, and because of its supposed allusions to Napoleon, they were forced to move from Milan to Tuscany. The chief fruits of their stay in Florence are the tragedy of Ricciarda, the Ode to the Graces, left unfinished, and the completion of their version of the Sentimental Journey (1813), having covered much of the ground covered by its main character the Reverend Yorick thanks to their time at the Boulogne-sur-Mer camp as part of Napoleon's invasion force against Britain. In their memoir of Didimo Chierico, to whom the version is dedicated, Foscolo throws much light on their own character. Their version of Sterne is an important feature in their personal history.
Foscolo returned to Milan in 1813, until the entry of the Austrians; from there they passed into Switzerland, where they wrote a fierce satire in Latin on their political and literary opponents; and finally they sought the shores of England at the close of 1816.
London
During the eleven years spent by Foscolo in London, until their death there, they enjoyed all the social distinction which the most brilliant circles of the English capital could confer on foreigners of political and literary renown, and experienced all the misery which follows on from a disregard of the first conditions of domestic economy.
Their contributions to the Edinburgh Review and Quarterly Review, their dissertations in Italian on the text of Dante Alighieri and Giovanni Boccaccio, and still more their English essays on Petrarch, of which the value was enhanced by Barbarina Brand's admirable translations of some of Petrarch's finest sonnets, heightened their previous fame as a Man of Letters. However, they were frequently accused of financial ineptitude, and ended up spending time in debtors' prison, which affected their social standing after their release.
According to the History of the County of Middlesex, the scientist and business person William Allen hired Foscolo to teach Italian at the Quaker school they co-founded, the Newington Academy for Girls. Their general bearing in society – as reported by Walter Scott – had not been such as to gain and retain lasting friendships. They died at Turnham Green on 10 September 1827, and was buried at St Nicholas Church, Chiswick, where their restored tomb remains to this day; it refers to them as the "wearied citizen poet", and incorrectly states their age as 50. Forty-four years after their death, on 7 June 1871, their remains were exhumed at the request of the King of Italy and taken to Florence, where with all the pride, pomp and circumstance of a great national mourning, found their final resting-place beside the monuments of Niccolò Machiavelli and Vittorio Alfieri, of Michelangelo and Galileo, in the church of Santa Croce, the pantheon of Italian glory they had celebrated in Dei Sepolcri.
As noted by historian Lucy Riall, the glorification of Ugo Foscolo in the 1870s was part of the effort of the Italian government of this time (successful in completing the Italian unification but at the cost of a head-on confrontation with the Catholic Church) to create a gallery of "secular saints" to compete with those of the Church and sway popular feeling in favor of the newly created Italian state.
References in modern culture
Ugo Foscolo is the subject of a composition, La fuga di Foscolo, written in 1986 by Italian composer Lorenzo Ferrero.
Their sonnet "Alla sera" appears in the movie La meglio gioventù.
Their house in Edwardes Square has an English Heritage blue plaque.
Works
Poetry
A Bonaparte liberatore [To Bonaparte the liberator] (1797)
All'amica risanata (1802)
Alla Musa (1803)
Alla sera (1803)
A Zacinto [To Zakinthos] (1803)
In morte del fratello Giovanni (1803)
Dei Sepolcri [Of the sepulchres] (1807)
Novels
Ultime lettere di Jacopo Ortis (1802) The Last Letters of Jacopo Ortis
Il sesto tomo dell' Io (unfinished, undated)
Plays
Tieste (1797) [Thyestes]
Aiace (1811)
References
External links
Works in Italian: Ugo Foscolo Project, IntraText Digital Library, Prose works, ed. Cian, Laterza, 1912–1920,
Texts of Foscolo and chronology,
Works in Italian: Cesare Angelini, "I giorni del Foscolo a Pavia" / "Days of Foscolo in Pavia"
1778 births
1827 deaths
Italian male poets
18th-century Italian poets
19th-century Italian poets
19th-century Italian male writers
Italian people of Greek descent
Italian emigrants to the United Kingdom
People from Zakynthos
Burials at Basilica of Santa Croce, Florence
18th-century Italian male writers
Italian exiles
18th-century Italian dramatists and playwrights
19th-century Italian dramatists and playwrights
B. Jagannadha Das (born 27 July 1893) was the second Chief Justice of Orissa High Court and Judge of the Supreme Court of India.
Career
Jagannadha Das was born in 1893 at Berhampur. They passed from Khallikote College and Madras Presidency College with 1st class in Mathematics. They completed master's degree in Law from the Madras Law College. Besides the legal practice in Madras High Court Jagannadha Das joined Indian National Congress in 1921. They took part in nationalist movement, social works along with Mahatma Gandhi. They were appointed additional judge of Orissa High Court on 26 July 1948 and was elevated to the post of the Chief Justice of this High Court on 31 October 1951. Jagannadha Das also became a judge of the Supreme Court of India in 1953 and retired on 26 July 1958.
References
1893 births
20th-century Indian judges
Chief Justices of the Orissa High Court
Justices of the Supreme Court of India
People from Ganjam district
Presidency College, Chennai alumni
Year of death missing
The Wiesbaden manifesto is a document written and signed by members of the Monuments, Fine Arts and Archives (MFAA) organization rejecting the plundering and removal of cultural items as spoils of war. The Allies created special commissions, such as the MFAA, to help protect famous European monuments from destruction, and after the war, to travel to territories previously occupied by the Germans to find Nazi art repositories. The allies found these plundered artworks in over 1,050 repositories in Germany and Austria at the end of World War II. The book The Safekeepers: Memoir of the Arts at the End of World War II by former Capt. Walter I. Farmer of the United States Army Corps of Engineers during World War II, chronicles the recovery of and restitution of discovered hidden loot of the Nazi plunder, that were stolen from museums, private collections and libraries and individual Jewish emigrants and death camp prisoners.
In summer 1945, Capt. Walter Farmer became the collecting point's first director. The first shipment of artworks arriving at Wiesbaden included cases of antiquities, Egyptian art, Islamic artifacts, and paintings from the Kaiser Friedrich Museum. The collecting point also received materials from the Reichsbank and Nazi looted Polish liturgical collections. At its height, Wiesbaden stored, identified, and restituted approximately 700,000 individual objects, including paintings and sculptures. The collecting point not only cataloged and restitututed items, but also kept them away from the Soviet Army and wartime reparations.
When their superiors ordered that they send to the U.S. 202 German-owned paintings in their custody, Capt. Farmer and 35 others who were in charge of the Wiesbaden collection point gathered to draw up what has become known as the Wiesbaden Manifesto on November 7, 1945, declaring "We wish to state that, from our own knowledge, no historical grievance will rankle so long or be the cause of so much justified bitterness as the removal for any reason of a part of the heritage of any nation even if that heritage may be interpreted as a prize of war." Among the co-signers was Lieutenant Charles Percy Parkhurst of the U.S. Navy.
After three years of debate, U.S. President Harry S. Truman ordered that the paintings be returned to Germany in 1948.
References
Aftermath of World War II in the United States
Aftermath of World War II in Germany
Manifestos
Wiesbaden
History of art in Germany
Art and cultural repatriation after World War II
1945 documents
Tradescantia virginiana, the Virginia spiderwort, is a species of flowering plant in the family Commelinaceae. It is the type species of Tradescantia native to the eastern United States. It is commonly grown in many gardens and also found growing wild along roadsides and railway lines.
Description
Tradescantia virginiana is a perennial herbaceous plant with alternate, simple leaves, on tubular stems. The flowers are blue, purple, magenta, or white, borne in summer.
Cultivation
Tradescantia virginiana likes most moist soils but can adapt to drier garden soils. Plants may be propagated from seed but they are more easily started from cuttings or divisions.
Range
Tradescantia virginiana is found in eastern North America, west to Missouri, south to northern South Carolina and Alabama, and north to Ontario, Vermont, and Michigan. Much of the northern range, however, may represent garden escapes rather than indigenous wild populations.
References
Flora of the Eastern United States
virginiana
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Garden plants
Les petites filles modèles (English: Good Little Girls) is a novel for children by the Countess of Ségur first published in May 1858. It is the second book of a trilogy (called the Fleurville Trilogy on goodreads), with Sophie's Misfortunes (1858) and Les vacances (English: The Holidays) (1859). Hachette was still selling 20 000 copies of this novel at the beginning of the 21st century.
Quote
In the introduction, the Countess of Ségur writes:
“My two little girls are no creation, they really exist : they are portraits; the proof of this lies in their imperfections. They have flaws, light shadows which emphasize the charm of their portraits and prove the existence of their models. Camille and Madeleine are a reality which can be confirmed by anyone who knows the author.”
The author's granddaughters were named Camille and Madeleine de Malaret. Their graves can be found in a little graveyard at Saint-Sernin-des-Rais, in Verfeil.
Summary
Les petites filles modèles tells the story of a happy family, the family of Madame de Fleurville. Madame de Fleurville, who has been widowed for 6 years, receives Madame de Rosbourg, who has no news from their husband, lost at sea. But this novel is also the sequel to the adventures of Sophie, the hero of Sophie's Misfortunes. Sophie appears in the novel once the author has presented Camille and Madeleine de Fleurville.
The narrator is mostly interested in the children. The little girls go through a series of adventures from which they learn to distinguish good and evil; this is especially true of Marguerite de Rosbourg, the youngest, who has good intentions, but doesn't come up to the standards of Camille and Madeleine.
A new character arrives in the seventh chapter : Fédora Fichini, a woman who has become Sophie's stepmother.  They are particularly cruel with Sophie, punishing and whipping them Sophie, who has lost their parents, their uncle, aunt and cousin since Sophie's Misfortunes, occasionally comes with their stepmother to play at the Fleurville mansion. Sophie is not "bad", but Camille and Madeleine have to be patient and understanding for there to remain a pleasant atmosphere. Marguerite, who is less mature, sometimes has trouble accepting Sophie, who is quick-tempered, vivacious and sometimes dishonest.
The three girls understand that Sophie's gluttony and their dishonesty are mainly caused by their fear of Madame Fichini, for whom "the whip is the best teacher” and “the only way to raise children”. As concerns Madame de Fleurville and Madame de Rosbourg, they both hate Madame Fichini, but show nothing of their distaste, to make sure that Sophie can keep coming to play with Camille, Madeleine and Marguerite. Once they have managed to convince Madame Fichini to leave their stepdaughter with them, Sophie makes great headway. Yet they will have to lose some of their various deeply-set flaws. “Dear Camille, I know that I will always stay bad; I will never be as good as you are”, they say in one of the chapters.
Adaptations
Film
1952: Les Petites filles modèles, French movie (unfinished) by Éric Rohmer, with Josette Sinclair (Madame de Fleurville), Josée Doucet (Madame de Rosbourg) and Olga Baïdar-Poliakoff (Madame Fichini)
Literary
2010-2011: Les Nouvelles Petites Filles Modèles, a five-book series by Rosalind Elland-Goldsmith (Hachette Jeunesse)
Television
1997: Sophie's Misfortunes, a series relating the story told in the trilogy.
Erotic parody
1971: Good Little Girls, an erotic film by Jean-Claude Roy
1982: Good Little Girls, an erotic comic book by Georges Lévis, Jean-Claude Baboulin and Francis Leroi, published by Dominique Leroy.
References
Comtesse de Ségur, Les Petites Filles modèles, Paris, Gallimard.
Further reading
Les Petites filles modèles, free audio version
Les Petites Filles modèles, audio version
1858 French novels
1850s children's books
French children's novels
French novels adapted into films
French novels adapted into television shows
Rachel Tayza (; born Htoo Htwe Tayza in 1996), also known as RACHEL, is a Burmese pop singer and songwriter. They rose to fame with their solo album Kabar.  They are the daughter of Burmese business tycoon Tay Za.
Career
Rachel started learning and playing the guitar since the age of 13. They discovered their real passion and has devoted their life to becoming a musician. They began their music career by making cover songs and posting songs on YouTube. As of their notable achievement, they made the background music album for the popular film Nya. Since then they became popular and having performed in various major music concert and even live concerts.
In 2018, they started endeavoring to be able to produce and distribute their first solo album. They released their debut solo album "Kabar" on 21 September 2019 which was officially distributed to all parts of Myanmar. The album was a commercial success reaching the top of the album charts. On 24 August 2019, they performed in the Alive in Yangon's second music concert called The Blue Night, together with Mary and Gabriel Phway. In December 2019, they released a single song with featured artists, X-Boxin, called "Thu" MV on their Facebook page which earned 1 M views within 24 hours and was the longest leading No 3 in Myanmar Top Chart on Joox.
Discography
Albums
Myit (for Nya film) (2018)
Kabar (2019)
Singles
Ser Myat Nar (2017)
Ani Youn Alwan (2017)
Thu (2019)
References
Living people
1996 births
Burmese pop singers
21st-century Burmese women singers
Karl Friedrich Ermisch (13 July 1898 – 22 July 1970) was a German teacher and entomologist.
Biography
Ermisch was born in Dresden, Germany. Their studies to become a teacher were interrupted by World War I, but in 1921, they became a teacher in Sohl. They spent 1933 to 1945 in Dusseldorf, returning to Sohl in 1945 to resume their teaching career, eventually becoming head teacher. They later went on to become Professor of Biology at two teacher training colleges. In 1954, they joined the College of Physical Culture in Leipzig. They finally retired in 1963, dying in 1970 in Leipzig.
In 1921, Ermisch received a small collection of beetles, which they soon began to expand. This work was to continue until their death, including collecting trips to the Caucasus and Bulgaria. Unfortunately, during a move, some 73 of the 200 boxes containing their collection were destroyed, including all of the Mordellidae that they had described up to that time.
References
1898 births
1970 deaths
German entomologists
20th-century German zoologists
Solero may refer to:
Solero (ice cream), an ice cream brand
Solero, Piedmont, a comune (municipality) in the province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont
See also
Soltero (disambiguation)
Soulero (disambiguation)
The Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura 1999 season (officially "Copa Pilsener Apertura 2000") started on August 28, 1999, and finished on December 26, 1999.
The season saw Águila win its 12th league title after a 1-0 victory over C.D. Municipal Limeño in the final.
keynote
After round 8 of this season, Árabe Marte reverted to their historic name of Atlético Marte.
Promotion and relegation
Promoted from Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño as of 1999.
Champions: C.D. Juventud Olimpica Metalio
Relegated to Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño as of 1999.
Last place: C.D. Sonsonate
Team information
Personnel and sponsoring
Managerial changes
Before the start of the season
During the season
League standings
Semifinals 1st Leg
Semifinals 2nd Leg
Final
Top scorers
List of foreign players in the league
This is a list of foreign players in Clausura 1999. The following players:
have played at least one apetura game for the respective club.
have not been capped for the El Salvador national football team on any level, independently from the birthplace
ADET
C.D. Águila
Carlos Escalante
Marcio Sampaio
Héctor Baloyes
Alianza F.C.
Agnaldo De Oliveira
Alejandro Curbelo
Arabe Marte
Oscar Mejía
Pedro Aquino
Luis Sánchez
Dragon
Nicolás Watson
Edgar Osvaldo Alvarez
Carlos Maldonado
(player released mid season)
(player Injured mid season)
Injury replacement player
C.D. FAS
Emiliano Pedrozo
Miguel Mariano
Jorge Wagner
Rodriguez
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Celio Rodríguez
Mauricio Dos Santos
Raul Toro
Nildeson
Juventud Olimpico
Martín García
Fernando Sarmiento
Municipal Limeno
German Alexis Rodríguez
Roberto Ventura
Armando García
Santa Clara
External links
http://www.rsssf.com/tablese/elsal00.html
Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura seasons
El
1
Cowboy Up (also known as Ring of Fire) is a 2001 American Western film directed by Xavier Koller. It stars Kiefer Sutherland, Marcus Thomas, Molly Ringwald, and Daryl Hannah. It won the Crystal Heart Award at the 2001 Heartland Film Festival.
Plot
Rising rodeo star Ely Braxton (Marcus Thomas) is recovering from injuries that almost took their life. Against the wishes of their mother Rose Braxton (Melinda Dillon) and girlfriend Connie (Molly Ringwald), Ely starts riding bulls again to achieve their dream of becoming a champion bull rider like their estranged father, Reid Braxton (Pete Postlethwaite). Ely's older brother, Hank (Kiefer Sutherland), is a champion bullfighter and stock contractor, and the two use each other to better their rodeo skills and work together at their family ranch in Santa Maria, California. As Ely's rodeo career becomes highly successful, they start a relationship with Celia Jones (Daryl Hannah), who is a barrel racer and Hank's love interest. Hank is consumed with anger and jealousy at Ely's betrayal and the brothers become estranged.
At the championship rodeo in Las Vegas, Ely, having ended their relationship with Celia, draws Hank's unridden and greatly feared bull Zapata and asks for Hank's help. Hank tells Ely to let go of the past memories they have been carrying around their entire life, and gives Ely the address of their father's house in Las Vegas. Ely meets their father, but their father does not recognize Ely and thinks they are a rodeo reporter, but Ely says they are just a bull rider. Ely realizes their father is not the hero they have idolized.
Ely successfully rides Zapata, but is injured; in the process, Hank rushes to save Ely from Zapata, but is killed when Zapata crushes their chest. When the Braxton ranch hand and family friend Joe (Russell Means) brings Zapata back to the Braxton ranch, Rose grabs a shotgun and almost shoots Zapata in their grief over Hank's death, but Joe and Ely talk them down. They say they will shoot Zapata, but Ely remembers Hank's pride in the bull and shoots into the air as Zapata calmly walks into the pasture. Joe tells Ely that Hank would not have shot Zapata.
Cast
Kiefer Sutherland as Hank Braxton
Marcus Thomas as Ely Braxton
Daryl Hannah as Celia Jones
Melinda Dillon as Rose Braxton
Molly Ringwald as Connie
Russell Means as Joe
Anthony Lucero as Jed
Bo Hopkins as Ray Drupp
Pete Postlethwaite as Reid Braxton, Hank's estranged father
Donnie Gay as themselves
Pam Minick as themselves
Production
The film was shot in Las Vegas, Nevada. Kiefer Sutherland and Daryl Hannah previously co-starred in The Last Days of Frankie the Fly (1997).
Parts of the film were also shot at the Santa Maria Fairpark, home of the Santa Barbara County Fair, and in surrounding communities.
References
External links
2001 films
American Western (genre) films
2001 Western (genre) films
Films shot in the Las Vegas Valley
Films shot in California
Neo-Western films
Rodeo in film
Films scored by Daniel Licht
2001 drama films
Films directed by Xavier Koller
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Marka is a Manding language of West Africa, spoken in north-west Burkina Faso.
References
Manding languages
Languages of Burkina Faso
Heysham nuclear power station is operated by EDF Energy in Heysham, Lancashire, England. The site is divided into two separately-managed nuclear power stations, Heysham 1 and Heysham 2, both with two reactors of the advanced gas-cooled reactor (AGR) type.
In 2010, the British government announced that Heysham was one of the eight sites it considered suitable for future nuclear power stations.
On 1 August 2016, Heysham 2's Unit 8 broke the world record for longest continuous operation of a nuclear generator without a shutdown. This record-breaking run exceeds the previous record of 894days set by Pickering Nuclear Generating Station's Unit 7 (Lake Ontario, Canada) in 1994. The reactor has generated 13.5TWh of electricity so far during this continuous operation, taking its lifetime generation to 115.46TWh.
Heysham 1
Construction of Heysham 1, which was undertaken by British Nuclear Design & Construction (BNDC), a consortium backed of English Electric, Babcock & Wilcox and Taylor Woodrow Construction, began in 1970, with the first reactor commencing operations in 1983 and the second reactor following in 1984. However, initial production levels were low, and full commercial operation was only declared in 1989. It is likely to remain in operation until 2024. Its generating capacity is 1,150MWe. The reactors were supplied by National Nuclear Corporation and the turbines by GEC. There were four 17.5MW auxiliary gas turbines on the site, these had been first commissioned in January 1977.
Heysham 1 shares its reactor design with Hartlepool nuclear power station, which introduced the replaceable pod boiler design. The CEGB specified a compact design for the Heysham 1 and Hartlepool power station reactor islands in comparison to the design of the two preceding stations at Hinkley Point B and Hunterston B in order to reduce the capital cost, but this caused expensive construction delays because of restricted access. The Heysham 2 reactor island occupies a much larger footprint than Heysham 1 for a similar design output of power.
In 2013 a defect was found by a regular inspection in one of the eight pod boilers of unit 1. The reactor resumed operation at a lower output level with the defective pod boiler disabled, until June 2014 when more detailed inspections confirmed a crack in the boiler spine. As a precaution, unit 2 and the sister Hartlepool nuclear power station were also shut down for inspection.
All units have since returned to full power after successful inspections on the three other reactors revealed no other defects. Heysham 1 unit 1 will operate on seven out of the eight boiler pods until a detailed repair strategy has been developed.
Heysham 1 is scheduled to be shut down for defueling and then decommissioning in March 2024.
Heysham 2
The construction, which was undertaken by a consortium known as National Nuclear Corporation (NNC), began in 1979 and the station opened in 1988. Its generating capacity is 1,250MWe, and it is estimated to keep running until at least 2030. Heysham 2 shares its reactor design with Torness nuclear power station near Dunbar in East Lothian, and is a development of the reactor design used at Hinkley Point B in Somerset. The reactors were supplied by NNC, the turbines and boilers by NEI.
On 15 August 2019, Reactor 8 inside Heysham 2 let off a large amount of steam, with banging noises at approximately 11pm that could be heard away in Lancaster. This caused alarm among local residents, and numerous calls to the police reporting “gunshots”. EDF later reported that a reactor had earlier experienced a "non-planned shutdown after an electrical fault", and the noise was from the re-start process.
Heysham 2 is expected to be shutdown in 2028, prior to a three-year defueling period and then decommissioning.
See also
Nuclear power in the United Kingdom
Energy policy of the United Kingdom
Energy use and conservation in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Heysham 1 official website
Heysham 2 official website
Heysham 1, Nuclear Engineering International wall chart, 1971
Heysham 2/Torness, Nuclear Engineering International wall chart, 1981
Nuclear power stations in England
Buildings and structures in the City of Lancaster
Power stations in North West England
Nuclear power stations using Advanced Gas-cooled Reactors
Chililabombwe District is a district of Zambia, located in Copperbelt Province. The capital is Chililabombwe. At the 2010 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 91,833.
References
Districts of Copperbelt Province
Saviour is the debut album by the UK band, Antimatter, released in 2001.
Track listing
Credits
Duncan Patterson - bass guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, keyboards, programming
Mick Moss - bass guitar, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, keyboards, vocals
Michelle Richfield - guest vocals on tracks 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8
Hayley Windsor - guest vocals on tracks 5, 6, 7, 9
Brian Moss - sampling
Les Smith - sampling
James SK Wān – bamboo flute
Mags - lead guitar on "Going Nowhere"
Mark Kelson - artwork
References
2001 albums
The End Records albums
Antimatter (band) albums
Jens Jessen (born 20 October 1967) is a Danish former professional footballer who made 341 appearances in the Superliga for AaB and FC Midtjylland. They also played for Varde IF.
References
1967 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Danish Superliga players
Association football midfielders
AaB Fodbold players
FC Midtjylland players
The 2021 Città di Forlì III was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the second edition of the tournament which was part of the 2021 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Forlì, Italy between 6 and 12 December 2021.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 29 November 2021.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Matteo Gigante
Luca Nardi
Lukáš Rosol
The following players received entry into the singles main draw using protected rankings:
Filippo Baldi
Julian Lenz
The following player received entry into the singles main draw as an alternate:
Valentin Vacherot
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Daniele Capecchi
Savriyan Danilov
Luca Potenza
Keegan Smith
Champions
Singles
Pavel Kotov def. Andrea Arnaboldi 6–4, 6–3.
Doubles
Alexander Erler / Lucas Miedler def. Marco Bortolotti / Sergio Martos Gornés 6–4, 6–2.
References
Città di Forlì III
Città di Forlì III
December 2021 sports events in Italy
Events
Romulus, first king of Rome, celebrates the first Roman triumph after their victory over the Caeninenses, following the Rape of the Sabine Women. They celebrate a further triumph later in the year over the Antemnates.
Rome's first colonies were established.
Diocles of Messenia won the seventh Ancient Olympic Games.
(or 745 BC) Menahem succeeds Shallum of Israel as king of the ancient Kingdom of Israel.
Piye succeeds Kashta as Kushite king, and conquers Egypt founding the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt.
Visakhayupa succeeds Palaka as emperor of Magadha.
Births
Dionysius of Halicarnassus dates the foundation of Rome to 752 BC/2 AUC (traditional date: 21 April 753 BC): "Romulus, the first ruler of the city, began their reign in the first year of the seventh Olympiad, when Charops at Athens was in the first year of their ten-year term as archon."
Deaths
Zechariah of Israel, king of the northern Israelite Kingdom of Israel, and son of Jeroboam II.
Alara of Nubia, king of Kush.
References
750s BC
Omoni Oboli (born 22 April 1978) is a Nigerian actor, scriptwriter, film director, producer and digital filmmaker. They studied at the New York Film Academy and has written several screenplays, including The Figurine (2009), Anchor Baby (2010), Fatal Imagination, Being Mrs Elliott, The First Lady and Wives on Strike (2016). In 2018 they starred and directed the comedy film, Moms at War.
Early life and education
Oboli are born in Benin City, Edo State.  They are a descendant of Mosogar, a small village in Delta State, Nigeria. Omoni Oboli completed both their primary and secondary school education in Benin City, Edo State after completing their secondary school education, Omoni Oboli proceeded to University of Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria and graduated with a Bachelor's Degree in French at the University of Benin, and graduated with 2nd Class Upper division. Following the completion of their first degree, Omoni Oboli went abroad for further studies at the New York Film Academy where they studied digital editing in a 4-week workshop.
Career
Omoni began their movie career with their first movie role in Bitter Encounter (1996), where they played a secretary. Them next was Shame. They then went on to play the lead female character in three major movies; Not My Will, Destined To Die and Another Campus Tale. After enjoying a brief career in 1996, Omoni left the movie industry to complete their university education. They married immediately after school and did not return to the industry until a decade later. An act they said almost made them quit movie. They got back to the screen in 2009 then they realised the industry has no space for them anymore. Then they decided to start production of their own movies.
Omoni has several screenplays to their credit, including their film Wives On Strike as well as The Rivals, a movie they co-produced with their friend and won the prize for Best International Drama at the New York International Independent Film & Video Festival. It was the first Nigerian film to be premiered since the festival's inception in 2003. The movie was given a 3-star rating out of 4 by the festival's judges. Omoni Oboli has played lead roles in mainstream films, including: The Figurine (2009), Anchor Baby (2010), Being Mrs Elliot, and Fifty (2015).  They are also the first actor from Nollywood to win Best Actress in two international festivals, (that are not organized by Nigerians or Africans), in the same year (2010). This they did at the Harlem International Film Festival and the Los Angeles Movie Awards for their lead role in the movie Anchor Baby.
Awards and nominations
In 2010, they won the award for Best Actress Narrative Feature at the Los Angeles Movie Awards, and the award for Best Actress at the Harlem International Film Festival. Omoni was nominated for the Best Actress in a leading role award at the 2011 Africa Movie Academy Awards.
In 2014, they won Big Screen Actress of the Year award, at the 2014 ELOY Awards, for their movie Being Mrs Elliott. In 2015, Omoni was awarded the Sun Nollywood "Personality of the Year", They have directed several movies such as Being Mrs Elliott, The First Lady, Wives on Strike, and Okafor's Law.
On 14 August 2017, Omoni Oboli took to their Instagram page to share a post announcing their new deal as the Brand ambassador of Olawale Ayilara's LandWey Investment Limited.
Legal issue
Omoni Oboli starred in the movie Okafor's Law, which premiered on 24 March 2017. However, the movie could not be screened at the premiere due to an injunction by the court. Oboli are accused of copyright infringement by Jude Idada, who claimed to have written part of the script for Okafor's Law. The movie was released on 31 March 2017.
Charity
Omoni Oboli set up a charity organization, "The Omoni Oboli Foundation" to use their celebrity status to bring relief to the plight of the less privileged women and children of Nigerian society. The foundation has been able to embark on several projects which included the feeding of street children in Lagos.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Nigerian actors
List of Nigerian film producers
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
21st-century Nigerian actores
Actresses from Delta State
University of Benin (Nigeria) alumni
People from Benin City
Nigerian film directors
Nigerian film producers
Nigerian screenwriters
New York Film Academy alumni
Nigerian film actores
Ortakonuş, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Rasmus Walter-Hansen is a Danish singer and guitarist originating from Aarhus.  They are twin-brother of filmmaker Anders Walter. Their debut album was the self-titled Rasmus Walter in 2011 with debut single being "Dybt vand".
Prior to a solo career, Walter was the lead vocalist and guitarist of the pop rock band Grand Avenue that included also Niels-Kristian Bærentzen (guitar), Marc Stebbing (bass) and Hjalte Thygesen (drums).
Discography
Albums
as Grand Avenue
2003: Grand Avenue
2005: They
2007: The Outside
2009: Place to Fall
Solo
Solo live
Singles
Solo
Others
References
External links
Official website
Danish male singers
Living people
People from Aarhus
Year of birth missing (living people)
Group A of the 2001 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone Group I was one of two pools in the Asia/Oceania Zone Group I of the 2001 Fed Cup. Five teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team advancing to the Group I play-off, the winner of which would advance to World Group II Play-offs, and the bottom team being relegated down to 2002 Group II.
Pacific Oceania vs. Indonesia
South Korea vs. New Zealand
Indonesia vs. New Zealand
Pacific Oceania vs. India
Indonesia vs. South Korea
India vs. New Zealand
Indonesia vs. India
Pacific Oceania vs. South Korea
South Korea vs. India
Pacific Oceania vs. New Zealand
failed to win any ties in the pool, and thus were relegated to Group II in 2002, where they finished third.
See also
Fed Cup structure
References
External links
Fed Cup website
2001 Fed Cup Asia/Oceania Zone
Leonardo Incorvaia (born 26 June 1992 in Argentina) is an Argentinean footballer.
References
External links
Audio Interview
Argentine footballers
1992 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Ferro Carril Oeste footballers
Sliema Wanderers F.C. players
UAI Urquiza players
The year 2019 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
Events
April 15 – Notre-Dame de Paris fire: A major fire at the medieval cathedral of Notre-Dame de Paris causes the collapse of the roof and spire.
Buildings and structures
Algeria
Djamaa el Djazaïr, Great Mosque of Algiers, designed by KSP Juergen Engel Architekten, completed in May.
Australia
Brisbane Skytower, the tallest building in Brisbane (2019–present), is completed.
Bangladesh
Beyond Survival Safe Space for Rohingya Women and Girls, Rohingya Refugee Camp, Alikhali, Teknaf, designed by Rizvi Hassan and team.
China
Beijing Daxing International Airport terminal building, designed by Zaha Hadid Architects, the world's second-largest single-building airport terminal, completed June 30 (official opening September 25).
Wuhan Greenland Center in Wuhan, the tallest building in China, designed by Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architects in conjunction with Thornton Tomasetti Engineers, projected for completion.
Finland
Design Hotel Levi in Lapland designed by PAVE Architects, opened in November.
France
Le Monde headquarters building, by Snøhetta in Paris, expected completion in November.
Germany
Berlin Palace reconstruction as Humboldt Forum, designed by Franco Stella, scheduled for opening September 14.
Bauhaus Museum Dessau, designed by addenda architects (González Hinz Zabala) of Barcelona, opened September 8.
New Bauhaus Museum Weimar, designed by Heike Hanada with Benedict Tonon, scheduled for opening April 6.
Japan
The New National Stadium, Tokyo designed by Kengo Kuma, which will serve as the main stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies, as well as the venue for track and field events at the 2020 Summer Olympics and 2020 Summer Paralympics, is completed.
Mexico
Alfredo Harp Helú baseball stadium, home of the Diablos Rojos del México (Red Devils) is inaugurated in Mexico City on March 23.
Norway
Mjøstårnet in Brumunddal, the tallest timber building in the world, completed in March.
Panama
Atlantic Bridge over the Panama Canal, opened 2 August.
Paraguay
Unión hebraica de Paraguay Synagogue (reconstruction), Asunción, designed by Equipo de Arquitectura.
Qatar
National Museum of Qatar in Doha, Qatar opened on 28 March.
Al Janoub Stadium outside Doha, opened 17 May
Russia
Crimean Bridge between Crimea and Russia, the longest bridge in Europe, the rail section of the bridge opened 25 December.
Lakhta Center, in St. Petersburg, the tallest building in Europe, completed.
Senegal
Fass school and teachers' residence, designed by Toshiko Mori, opened 2 February.
Singapore
Jewel Changi Airport terminal complex, design-led by Moshe Safdie, opened 17 April.
Spain
Can Sau Emergency Scenery, Olot, Catalonia, designed by unparelld'arquitectes, built.
United Kingdom
Cambridge Central Mosque, designed by Marks Barfield (lead architect: Julia Barfield), opened for worship 24 April.
Key Worker Housing, Eddington, North West Cambridge development, designed by Stanton Williams, completed.
Orchard Gardens, Elephant Park, residential/retail development, Elephant and Castle, London, by Panter Hudspith Architects, completed.
Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, London, designed by Populous (lead architect: Christopher Lee), opened 3 April.
Windermere Jetty: Museum of Boats, Steam and Stories, near Bowness-on-Windermere in the English Lake District, designed by Carmody Groarke, opened March.
MK Gallery, Milton Keynes, by 6a architects.
Library & Study Centre, St John's College, Oxford, designed by Wright & Wright Architects, opened to readers 2 September.
Cantilevered steel footbridge at Tintagel Castle, designed by Ney & Partners and William Matthews Associates, opening rescheduled to 11 August.
Nithurst Farm, West Sussex, residence designed by Adam Richards for himself.
United States
40 Tenth Avenue aka "Solar Carve" adjacent to the High Line in New York City, designed by Jeanne Gang and Studio Gang Architects is completed.
540 West 25th Street in the Chelsea section of Manhattan, New York City by Bonetti/Kozerski Architecture, the new global headquarters of Pace Gallery, slated for completion and scheduled to open for business in September.
The Shed by lead architect Diller Scofidio + Renfro and collaborating architect Rockwell Group at the Hudson Yards building complex in New York City completed and opened to the public on April 5.
The Vessel, by Thomas Heatherwick, at the Hudson Yards building complex in New York City, opened to the public on March 15.
TWA Hotel by Beyer Blinder Belle (original Flight Center by Eero Saarinen- renovation of) and Lubrano Ciavarra Architects, at JFK Airport in Queens, New York, opens on May 15.
Adohi Hall at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Arkansas by Leers Weinzapfel Associates opens.
Vietnam
Bó Mon Preschool, Tú Nang, designed by KIENTRUC O, opened June.
Exhibitions
May 15 until January 5, 2020 "Housing Density From Tenements to Towers" at the Skyscraper Museum in New York City curated by Matthias Altwicker and Nicholas Dagen Bloom.
Awards
AIA Gold Medal – Richard Rogers
Architecture Firm Award AIA – Payette
Driehaus Architecture Prize for New Classical Architecture – Maurice Culot
Emporis Skyscraper Award – Lakhta Center, Lakhta, Saint Petersburg, Russia
European Union Prize for Contemporary Architecture (Mies van der Rohe Prize) – Lacaton & Vassal Architectes
Grand Prix de l'urbanisme – Patrick Bouchain
Grand prix national de l'architecture –
Lawrence Israel Prize - Alexandra Champalimaud
LEAF Award, Overall Winner – Mozhao Architects
Praemium Imperiale Architecture Laureate –
Pritzker Architecture Prize – Arata Isozaki
RAIA Gold Medal – Hank Koning and Julie Eizenberg
RIAS Award for Architecture –
RIBA Royal Gold Medal – Sir Nicholas Grimshaw
Stirling Prize – Mikhail Riches with Cathy Hawley for Goldsmith Street, Norwich
Thomas Jefferson Medal in Architecture – Kazuyo Sejima and Ryue Nishizawa
Twenty-five Year Award AIA – Venturi, Scott Brown and Associates
Vincent Scully Prize – Elizabeth K. Meyer
Deaths
January 22 – Charles Vandenhove, Belgian architect (born 1927)
January 25 – Florence Knoll, American architect and furniture designer (Knoll Furniture) (born 1917)
February 11 – Allan Wild, New Zealand architect and professor (born 1927)
February 13 – Jörg Streli, Austrian architect (b. 1940)
February 18 – Alessandro Mendini, Italian architect and designer (Groninger Museum) (born 1931)
February 20 – Francisco Mañosa, Filipino architect (Coconut Palace, EDSA Shrine) (born 1931)
March 1 – Kevin Roche, Irish-born American architect (born 1922)
March 16 – Sir William Whitfield, English architect (born 1920)
March 27 – Friedrich Achleitner, Austrian architecture critic and poet (born 1930)
March 29 – Tao Ho, Hong Kong architect (Hong Kong Arts Centre) (born 1936)
May 7 – Alexander Cvijanović, Yugoslav/American architect (born 1923)
May 16 – I. M. Pei, Chinese born American architect (Bank of China Tower, East Building of The National Gallery of Art, Louvre Pyramid, Museum of Islamic Art, Doha - Pritzker Prize winner 1983) (born 1917)
June 3 – Stanley Tigerman, American architect, theorist, and designer (born 1930)
June 15 – Wilhelm Holzbauer, Austrian architect (born 1930)
July 9 – Phil Freelon, American architect (born 1953)
July 19 – César Pelli, Argentine architect (Petronas Towers, Carnegie Hall Tower) (death announced on date) (born 1926)
August 1 – Richard Vyškovský, Czech architect and creator of paper models (born 1929)
September 4 – Timothy Seow, Singaporean architect (born 1937/38)
October 3 – Roger Taillibert, French architect (Parc des Princes - Olympic Stadium, Montreal) (born 1926).
October 13 – Charles Jencks, 80, American architect, cultural theorist (Post-modernism) (born 1939)
November 6 – Juliaan Lampens, 96, Belgian architect (born 1926)
November 11 – Edward Cullinan, 88, British architect (Charles Cryer Theatre, Weald and Downland Gridshell) (born 1931)
November 17 – Gustav Peichl, 91, Austrian architect (ORF regional studios, Kunst- und Ausstellungshalle der Bundesrepublik Deutschland) (born 1928)
See also
Timeline of architecture
References
21st-century architecture
The tenth season of The Voice began airing on 8 August 2021. Due to the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney, Fox Studios has been designated to Disney and Marvel productions, resulting in ITV Studios Australia becoming the new home for The Voice. In August 2020, it was announced Seven Networks had picked up the series for its tenth season, set to broadcast in 2021, with Sonia Kruger returning as host. In December of the same year, Seven announced that Guy Sebastian, Jessica Mauboy, Rita Ora, and Keith Urban were the coaches, replacing Boy George, Delta Goodrem and Kelly Rowland.
The grand finale was prerecorded in April 2021, with four different endings being taped. The show was broadcast on 12 September 2021 with the winner, Bella Taylor Smith, being decided by a viewer poll. Smith's victory marked Guy Sebastian's first win as a coach. Smith was also the first winning artist to have a coach blocked during their blind audition.
Coaches and host
On 15 December 2020, Seven announced Guy Sebastian would continue as a coach; Jessica Mauboy and Rita Ora were named as new coaches, replacing Boy George and Delta Goodrem; and Keith Urban, having last been a coach in the first season, returned to the coaching panel, replacing Kelly Rowland. Sonia Kruger, who left as host following the conclusion of the eighth season, returned as host following the exit of Darren McMullen and Renee Bargh.
Teams
Colour key
Winner
Finalist
Eliminated in the Semifinal
Eliminated in the Knockouts
Eliminated in the Cut
Blind auditions
In the blind auditions this season the coaches complete their teams without a specific number of members. Also, each coach can block another two times; however, the coach who is blocked is unable to pitch for the artist.
The Cut
In the Cut (filmed in the day after the blind auditions), each artist must immediately face their coach to prove their star power. The coaches divide their teams in groups of a specific theme and the contestants battle it out singing the same song. Each coach can only take five artists through to the Knockouts.
Knockouts
In the knockouts, each artist must perform to their coach. After each act performs, the coaches have three options: to either send the artist straight to the semi-final, send the artist home, or make a decision at the end of the show when all artists have performed. Each coach can only take two artists through to the semis.
Finals
Semi-final
The Semi-finals episode was first broadcast on 5 September 2021. At the end of the episode, the coaches were allowed to take one artist each through to the Grand Finale.
Grand Finale
The Grand Finale was broadcast on 12 September 2021. Each artist performed a solo song and a duet with their coach. Similar to last season, this was the only episode of the season where the results were determined by public vote and not by the coaches. With Bella Taylor Smith winning, this marks Guy's first win on The Voice.
Contestants who appeared on previous season or TV shows
Tanya George auditioned for season 4 of the show and didn't turn a chair.
Pete Murphy auditioned for season 3 of The X Factor and didn't make it to the live shows.
Seann Miley Moore competed on season 12 of The X Factor UK and placed in tenth.
Ella Monnery competed on the show's previous season and won the battle rounds. Although, left to New Zealand when borders shut from COVID-19 pandemic.
Penelope Pettigrew auditioned on the show's previous season with no chair turned.
Adrian Hood competed on season 2 of Australian Idol and was eliminated in the Wild Cards
Ratings
Colour key:
– The Highest rating during the season
– The Lowest rating during the season
References
Notes
10
2021 Australian television seasons
Bourmond Byron (June 23, 1920 - 2004) was a Haitian painter. Hailing from Jacmel, Byron mainly paints landscapes and scenes from Haitian life.
References
1920 births
Haitian painters
Haitian male painters
2004 deaths
People from Jacmel
Khattar is a surname found among the Khatris and Jats of India and Pakistan.
References
Punjabi tribes
Indian surnames
Surnames of Indian origin
Punjabi-language surnames
Hindu surnames
Khatri clans
Khatri surnames
Jat clans of Punjab
Jat clans of Pakistan
Marco Antonio Bassetti (1586–1630) was an Italian painter.
Life
They were born in Verona, and was a pupil of Felice Ricci. They then went to Venice where they were particularly influenced by the works of Tintoretto, Veronese and Jacopo Bassano.  They are known to have been in Rome in 1616, and may have arrived there two years earlier. In Rome they came under the influence of the paintings of Caravaggio and Orazio Borgianni.
On their return to Verona they painted a St. Peter and Saints for the church of San Tomaso and a Coronation of the Virgin for Sant' Anastasia. They died from the plague in Verona in 1630. Among their pupils were Fra Semplice and Paolo Massimo.
Their Dead Christ supported by the Virgin Mary and Mary Magdalene (c. 1616), painted on slate, is in the collection of the Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge.
References
Sources
1586 births
1630 deaths
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Caravaggisti
Painters from Verona
17th-century deaths from plague (disease)
Roaring Valley () is a moraine-filled valley on the north side of Mount Dromedary, formerly occupied by the coalescing glaciers that descend northeast and north from Mount Kempe and Mount Dromedary. The New Zealand Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition (VUWAE), 1960-61 named this feature after they experienced strong winds at most campsites in the area—but none as violent and destructive force as the winds that struck their camp at the valley mouth.
See also
Lake Porkchop
References
Valleys of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Dan Daniel (June 6, 1890 – July 1, 1981), born Daniel Margowitz, was an American sportswriter whose contributions over a long period led them to be called "the dean of American baseball writers".
Early life
Daniel was born in Springfield, Massachusetts. Their family moved to New York City when they were a boy, and they remained there throughout their career. They attended the City College of New York, where they managed the basketball team.
Daniel received their first writing assignment with the New York Herald in 1909 at the age of 19. They decided to use a single-name byline, "By Daniel", because editors in the early 20th century were concerned that anti-Semitism would hurt newspaper sales if they used their Jewish surname.
1920s
By 1924, Daniel had settled at the New York Telegram, where they remained for the next forty years. In 1925, they won Best Story of the Year from the Baseball Writers' Association of America for their portrayal of Walter Johnson's loss in Game 7 of the Washington Senators/Pittsburgh Pirates World Series match-up.
In the early 1920s, Daniel helped start The Ring with Nat Fleischer. They were a prolific contributor and editor throughout The Ring'''s history and could be seen behind their desk at The Ring when they were well past the age of 80.
In addition to their daily columns for the New York Telegram (later World Telegram then World Telegram and Sun), Daniel wrote weekly columns for The Sporting News, contributing more words to that publication than any other writer in its history.
1930s
From 1930 through the 1960s, Daniel was a frequent contributor to Baseball Magazine and SPORT, along with other sporting publications of the day. Their patriotic articles during World War II earned them wide praise. They were one of the first writers to identify the potential of both Joe DiMaggio and Mickey Mantle, extolling their virtues before either had swung a major league bat.
In 1930, Daniel was elected president of the New York chapter of the Baseball Writers' Association of America. That year, New York Mayor Jimmy Walker made Daniel sports chairperson of their Committee for Relief of the Unemployed. The committee organized the first college basketball games in Madison Square Garden and raised the equivalent of 5 million dollars between 1930 and 1933. Walker presented a citation to Daniel at a testimonial dinner held in their honor, the first time a private citizen had been so-honored by the city.
Also in 1930, Daniel helped convince Babe Ruth to sign their record US$80,000 contract with the New York Yankees. Ruth had been holding out for more money and had threatened to boycott spring training in Saint Petersburg, Florida. Daniel helped Ruth come to the decision to sign by reminding them that many of their fans were out of work and selling apples on street corners back home in New York City.
Later in 1930, Daniel published Babe Ruth, Idol of the American Boy. This early biography of The Babe was developed from material Daniel had published in a series of feature stories in the New York Telegram. It included a foreword to boys from The Babe admonishing them to "do everything in moderation"!
1940s
Starting in the 1940s, their "Ask Daniel" column ran in the World Telegram every Tuesday. Daniel answered thousands of baseball questions, becoming one of the game's leading experts and historians. Each spring, Daniel put their reputation on the line by predicting how the eight teams in each league would finish. Cartoonist Willard Mullin captured the audacity of these predictions in charming caricatures.
Daniel was an accomplished speaker and raconteur. They had a rasping voice and a biting wit, which made them a popular choice as master of ceremonies for sports dinners and roasts.
Daniel was official scorer for more than twenty games during Joe DiMaggio's 1941 hitting streak. Their decisions are still criticized more than 70 years later, but Daniel maintained throughout their life that they called each play as they saw it.
Shortly after Babe Ruth's death in 1948, Daniel wrote The Real Babe Ruth, their second biography of the Babe, which contained many of their personal recollections from having been friend and advisor to Babe Ruth.
Daniel served as president of the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA), chairperson of the Football Writers' Association, and chairperson of the Boxing Writers' Association.
Later life
In 1972, Daniel received the J. G. Taylor Spink Award from the BBWAA, baseball's highest honor for a writer. In their speech during ceremonies at the National Baseball Hall of Fame, they thanked the players and the fans for "giving them the medium of a wonderful career". They mused that without baseball, they would have ended up as a doctor and assured the audience that "Had I been a doctor, I would have made house-calls".
At the age of 86, Daniel was still a relevant contributor to the history of New York City sports. In 1976, they co-authored "Yankee Stadium Then and Now", a feature article in The New York Times.
Daniel was a noted bibliophile and amassed a significant collection of first editions, befriending book sellers in the cities they frequented as they traveled with the Yankees and other teams. Their collection included an imprint of Aristotle's Art of Rhetoric'', published by Gunther Zainer in 1476.
Daniel died on July 1, 1981, in Pompano Beach, Florida, at the age of 91.
Notes
References
External links
1890 births
1981 deaths
Sportswriters from New York (state)
Boxing writers
City College of New York alumni
American book and manuscript collectors
BBWAA Career Excellence Award recipients
The Ring (magazine) people
Gothahula is a village in the southeastern part of Arrah block in Bhojpur district, Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 5,488, in 922 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Küçükköy, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
The Liquid Roofing and Waterproofing Association (LRWA) is a UK member organisation of manufacturers of liquid applied coatings for buildings. The association's aim is to educate and inform specifiers, contractors, and the industry as to the properties, correct applications, installation methods, and aftercare of liquid waterproofing systems.
History
The association was formed in the 1970s and was originally known as the BRCMA (Bituminous Roof Coating Manufacturers Association). The primary purpose of the association was to promote good practice in all areas of the UK bituminous roof coatings industry.
The late 1980s and early 1990s saw the rise in popularity of non-bituminous products and in particular liquid roofing.
Recognising this trend, the association reinvented itself as ELRA (European Liquid Roofing Association), now focusing solely on liquid roofing systems. The 'European' tag reflected the associations involvement in the drafting of European standards for all areas of liquid roofing.
In 2005 a second reinvention took place as ELRA became ELWA (European Liquid Waterproofing Association) in recognition of the wider applications for liquid waterproofing products, for example the protection and waterproofing of car park decks.
In 2010 the association identified a need for an industry voice for liquid roofing, which was and remains the fastest growing sector of the roofing market in the UK. The 'European' label was dropped as the association re-launched as LRWA (Liquid Roofing and Waterproofing Association).
Members
LRWA members fall into one of three categories:
Membrane manufacturers
UK manufacturers (and wholly owned subsidiaries) of liquid applied waterproofing products. LRWA's membrane manufacturers membership includes 90% of the UK Liquid Roofing market.
Associates
UK manufacturers of ancillary materials and components used in conjunction with LRWA's membrane manufacturer members' liquid waterproofing systems. LRWA's Associate members' specialisms include the manufacture of thermal and acoustic insulation, vapour control layers, drainage, plant and safety equipment.
Contractors
LRWA's Contractor membership is made up of UK roofing contractors approved or licensed to receive and install the products of LRWA's manufacturer members.
References
External links
LRWA - Liquid Applied Roofing and Waterproofing Association
Triflex - European manufacturer of liquid roofing, walkway, balcony, terrace and car park systems
Kemper System - Global manufacturer of liquid roofing.
Tor Coatings - UK manufacturer of liquid roofing and balcony waterproofing coating systems
Roof Waterproofing Services - Roof Waterproofing Services
Roof Heatproofing - Roof Heatproofing
Construction trade groups based in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the London Borough of Islington
Paint and coatings industry
The Hsinbyume Pagoda ( ; also known as Myatheindan Pagoda ( )) is a large pagoda on the northern side of Mingun in Sagaing Region in Myanmar, on the western bank of the Irrawaddy River. It is approximately northwest of Mandalay and is located in the proximity of the Mingun Pahtodawgyi. The pagoda is painted white and is modelled on the physical description of the Buddhist sacred mountain, Mount Meru.
Construction
The pagoda was built in 1816 by Bagyidaw. It is dedicated to the memory of their first consort and cousin, Princess Hsinbyume (, lit. Princess White Elephant, 1789–1812) who had died in childbirth in a site nearby.
Design
The pagoda's design is a great departure from Burmese pagoda design norms. It is based on descriptions of the mythical Sulamani pagoda on Mount Meru, and the lower parts of the pagoda represent the mountain. Seven concentric terraces represent the seven mountain ranges going up to the Mount Meru according to Buddhist mythology.
Restoration
The pagoda was badly damaged by an earthquake in 1838 and was restored by King Mindon in 1874.
See also
Mingun
Mingun Pahtodawgyi
Bagyidaw
References
Central Myanmar Destinations, Yadana Narawat
The Hsinphyume Pagoda
Buildings and structures in Sagaing Region
Pagodas in Myanmar
19th-century Buddhist temples
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1816
Richard E Holz (30 October 1914 – August 15, 1986), was an American brass band composer, served as Chaplain to the U.S. Air Force in New Guinea, Philippines and Japan. They married Ruby Walker in 1941. After the war, Holz was active in the Salvation Army.
References
1914 births
1986 deaths
American male composers
American Salvationists
United States Air Force chaplains
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century Methodists
The Golden Apple Award (1941–2001) was an American award presented to entertainers by the Hollywood Women's Press Club, usually in recognition of behavior rather than performance.
History
The award was presented from 1941 until 2001, when the Hollywood Women's Press Club became inactive. The awards ceremony included Golden Apples to recognize actors for being easy to work with, as well as the Sour Apple Award (not presented in some years) chastising actors for being rude or difficult. Winners of the former include Bob Hope (1941), Mae West (1969) and Billy Crystal (1989) and winners of the latter include Frank Sinatra (1946, 1951, and 1974), Elvis Presley (1966) Joan Rivers (1983), and Dale Robertson (3 times).
From 1941 to 1966, the Golden Apple winners were specifically called "The Most Cooperative Actor/Actress", while the Sour Apple winners were specifically called "The Least Cooperative Actor/Actress". Starting in 1967, the Golden Apple winners were specifically called "The Male/Female Star of the Year", while the Sour Apple winner was called, simply, "The Sour Apple Winner". From 1974 onwards, there were additional—though sporadic—presentations of Golden Apples for "New Star", "New Discovery", "Daytime Star" and "Hollywood Legend".
Louella Parsons Award
The Louella Parsons Award was introduced in 1970. This "Lifetime Achievement" award was named for columnist Louella Parsons, founder of the Hollywood Women's Press Club. Recipients include Danny Thomas (1970), Bob Hope (1975), Henry Winkler (1982), George Sidney (1995), Kirk Douglas (1999), Aaron Spelling (1998), and Liz Smith (2000).
References
External links
Official Database 1941-2001
American film awards
Awards established in 1941
"Lay Your Head on Me" is a song by American music project Major Lazer, featuring vocals from British musician and lead singer of the band Mumford & Sons, Marcus Mumford. It was released as the fifth single from Major Lazer's fourth studio album, Music Is the Weapon, on March 26, 2020. The song was written by Henry Agincourt Allen, Karen Marie Aagaard Ørsted Andersen, Jasper Helderman, Mumford, Thomas Pentz and Bas van Daalen.
Background
According to a press release, the collaboration came about after Marcus Mumford and Diplo became friends and started experimenting in the studio together. Danish pop star MØ, who has previously worked with Major Lazer on "Lean On", "Lost" and "Cold Water", also co-wrote the song.
Chart performance
The single became Major Lazer's third number one, as well as Mumford's first, to reach Billboard's Dance/Mix Show Airplay chart in its August 22, 2020 issue.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2020 singles
2020 songs
Major Lazer songs
Marcus Mumford songs
Song recordings produced by Diplo
Songs written by Diplo
Songs written by King Henry (producer)
Songs written by Marcus Mumford
Songs written by MØ
Songs written by Will Grands
Abiodun James Faleke born (25 December 1959) is a business management and logistic consultant.  They are a politician and a member of Nigeria's House of Representatives from commercial hub city of Lagos. In their early career, Faleke worked in senior managerial positions with several high profile companies. They were with Aluminium Manufacturing Company of Nigeria (ALUMCO) PLC as Purchasing Manager and in early 2000, they moved their services to Crown Agents Ltd as Commercial Manager.
Faleke joined active politics in 2003 after Ahmed Bola Tinibu, then governor of Lagos state appointment them first Executive Secretary of newly created Ojodu Local Council Development Area (LCDA) of Lagos state. In 2011, Faleke won a vote to represent Ikeja Federal Constituency of Lagos state in the Nigeria's Federal House of Representatives. In 2015, they ran on a joint ticket as deputy governorship candidate to Abubakar Audu in their home state of Kogi. They won majority votes cast in the keenly contested election displacing People's Democratic Party, PDP for the first time in more than a decade with comfortable winning margin. But Abubakar Audu died shortly before the official declaration of the results. Their party, the Progressives Congress, APC then transferred the votes to Yahaya Bello who was first runner-up in the party's primary election. Faleke challenged the decision of the party up to the Supreme Court but lost.
Early life and education
Faleke was born in Ekinrin Adde in Ijumu Local Government Area in the old Kabba Province. With the creation of Kogi State in 1991, Ijumu Local Government Area became a part of Kogi West. Faleke had their early education in Ijumu.  They are an old student of Abdulazeez Atta Memorial College, Ijumu. In 1986, they finished from Kaduna Polytechnic with a Higher National Diploma (HND) in Purchasing and Supply Management with an award of the best student of their class with Upper Credit.
They hold master's degree (MBA) in Business Administration with management as the major focus from Imo State university, Owerri in 2003.  They are a Fellow of chartered Institute of Purchasing Supply (CIPS), London, and Fellow, Institute of Public Administration (IPA).
Between 1986 and 2003, Faleke worked in several management positions in logistics- procurement, clearing and forwarding, warehousing, distribution and construction. In 1986, during their National Youth Service, Faleke was Purchasing Expediter at National Orthopaedic Hospital, Lagos. They were a Material Manager at Kayo Foods Limited, Ilupeju, Lagos before moving to Tate Industries PLC as Purchasing, Clearing, Distribution and Commercial Manager. Faleke also served as Purchasing manager at Air Liquid PLC, and Aluminium Manufacturing Company of Nigeria (ALUMCO) PLC ending their logistics and management career with Crown Agents Ltd as Commercial Manager in 2003.
Political career
Faleke political career started in 2003 with their appointment as pioneer Executive Secretary of Ojudu Local Council Development Area (LCDA) of Lagos State. They were in this position in interim capacity between November 2003 and April 2004, when they were elected substantive chairperson of the local government. They held this office for two terms ending in 2011.
In 2006, they won a vote to become Chairman of Conference 57, (the body of Local Government Chairmen) in Lagos State until 2011, when their tenure as Ojodu LCDA Chairman ended. Faleke during this period held assignments on the Lagos State Electoral Reform Committee and the Governor's Advisory Committee of Lagos State.
Election to House of Representatives
Faleke was elected to Nigeria's Federal House of Representatives in 2011, to represent Ikeja Federal constituency of Lagos state.  They are known for their brilliant contributions to debates in the house. They were chairperson of the House Committee on Anti-Corruption, National Ethics and Values, and member of house committees on Public Procurement, MDGs, Interior, Public Accounts, Science and Technology, and the House Committee on the Petroleum Subsidy Probe.
Bills Sponsored
Faleke sponsored a number of bills, including the NYSC Act Amendment Bill, which proposed life insurance coverage for NYSC members, a bill prohibiting the sale and use of military uniforms due to the attendant security risks and, still focusing on the nation's security challenges, they sponsored another motion on the need to shut over 1,400 illegal border routes to curb insurgency.
2015 governorship election in Kogi State
Faleke was deputy governorship candidate to Abubakar Audu in the November 2015 governorship election in Kogi State. They ran on a joint ticket sponsored by All Progressives Congress, APC. Audu and Faleke campaigned for votes across the 21 local government areas of the state with populist agenda and promise to improve living standard of the people.
Audu and Faleke were in comfortable lead from official results from the 21 local government areas of the state. Election victory celebration was underway when Abubakar Audu's death was announced. Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC then declared the election inclusive.
According to results declared by the Returning Officer, Emmanuel Kucha (Vice-Chancellor of the University of Agriculture, Makurdi), Abubakar Audu/James Abiodum Faleke of the Progressives Congress scored 240,867 while Idris Wada who was the incumbent governor running for a second term on the platform of the People's Democratic Party, PDP garnered 199,514 votes.
Mr. Kucha said the margin of votes between Messrs Audu and Wada is 41,353. And that the election was inconclusive because the total number of registered voters in 91 polling units, in 18 local government areas, where election was cancelled is 49,953.
That figure is higher than the 41,353 votes with which Mr. Audu is ahead of Mr. Wada.
APC transferred Audu/Faleke votes to Yahaya Bello
After the death of Audu and the declaration of the election inclusive, APC nominated Yahaya Bello who was the first runner-up in the APC primary to inherit the votes received by Audu/Faleke in the general elections asking Faleke to continue in their deputy governor position. But faleke rejected the move by the APC arguing that collation of results of the election had been concluded and was awaiting official declaration of winner before the sudden death of Audu and that as the only surviving candidate on the joint ticket they should be declared governor elect. Faleke wrote INEC declaring themselves "governor elect". But APC ignored their argument and went into supplementary election with Yahaya Bello as its governorship candidate.
According to the supplementary election results declared by Mr. Kucha, Vice Chancellor, University of Agriculture, Makurdi, the APC garnered 6,885 votes, bringing the total votes it received to 247,752, having polled 240,857 in the November 21 election.
The second runner-up, the People's Democratic Party and its candidate, Idris Wada, who was the incumbent governor, scored 5,363 in the supplementary election. Thus, PDP polled a total of 204, 877 votes, having had 199,514 at the November 21 election.
Faleke challenged decision of APC in court
Faleke went to election petition tribunal challenging the legality of the decision of the APC to make them a deputy to Yahaya Bello who was not on the ballot on 21 November when major votes in the election were cast.
They told their party that they would not be available for inauguration as deputy to Governor Yahaya Bello. “I will not disappoint Prince Abubakar Audu. I, James Abiodun Faleke, will not be there for the swearing-in if we don't finish the case before the Jan. 27, 2016”. “Nobody consulted me before making me a deputy to Bello. Bello too did not consult me. I have made my position known to the party leadership on this. I am not ready to betray and disappoint Prince Abubakar Audu.” In keeping to this vow, Faleke did not present themselves for inauguration as deputy to Yahaya Bello.
References
Living people
1959 births
21st-century Nigerian politicians
Politicians from Lagos
Yoruba politicians
Kogi State politicians
Kaduna Polytechnic alumni
Imo State University alumni
Ifni is a village in the commune of Illizi, in Illizi Province, Algeria. The village is the site of a project to introduce solar energy to Algeria, with 2 households connected to 15 solar power systems.
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Populated places in Illizi Province
Eight Bridges (Japanese: 八橋; Romaji: Yatsuhashi) is a design of Japanese bridge that consists of eight overlapping wooden or stone planks. Its eight-part construction was first mentioned in “The Tales of Ise”, written during the Heian Period, and was for many centuries a well known literary motif in Japan. Over time the motif (which became stylised into a zig-zag shape), was incorporated into a large range of art forms: it could be found on kimonos, writing boxes, screens and porcelain; in ukiyo-e prints and garden landscapes. The specific form of the eight plank bridge was subsequently utilised by artists and designers around the globe, by which time it had become dislocated from its origins in “The Tales of Ise” and literary allusion.
Literary Origins
The Eight Bridges originates from "The Tales of Ise" - a collection of episodes, attributed to the poet Ariwara no Narihara (825-880), about the life of an unidentified man in the capital and their journey into Eastern Japan. In Mikawa, the man and their companions stop to rest beside the Eight Bridges which fords eight channels that run through a marsh filled with irises.
"They arrived a place called Yatsuhashi, Eight Bridges, in the land of Mikawa, so named from the eight bridges spanning the streams that flowed out in all directions like the legs of a spider.
They dismounted in the shade of a tree beside this marsh to eat their dried rice cakes. Irises were blooming beautifully in the marsh, and someone suggested they compose a poem on the theme of Travel, with the first syllable of each line to spell the word for iris, ka.ki.tsu.ba.ta. They composed this:
karakomono I have a wife
kitsutsu narenishi intimate and dear to me
tsuma shi areba as a long-worn robe
harubaru kinuru swathing my thoughts with love
tabi o shi zo omou through this far journey's distances"
There is little description of the shape of the Eight Bridges in "The Tales of Ise", and it is unclear how it became specifically associated with the zig-zag shape.
In Japanese literature
The Eight Bridges is an utamakura (poem-pillow), or famous place that is repeatedly referred to in literature. Travellers would seek out the Eight Bridges and would often record their response to the place with a poem. Numerous references to the Eight Bridges can be seen in Japanese literature including in: “Sarashina Diary”, “The Tale of Heike” and “The Tale of Chikusai”.
1. “Sarashina Diary” was written by the daughter of Sugawara no Takasue, most likely in their fifties, recounting a journey they took from the capital to Kazusa, in 1020, when they were a twelve year old girl. In this journey they passed several famous sites including the Eight Bridges (Yatsuhashi), which they found disappointing.
"The famous Yatsuhashi was there only in name – there was no trace of any bridges, and the actual place was quiet unimpressive."
2. “The Tale of Heike” is an epic about the power struggle between the Heike and Genji clans that marked the start of the Kamakura Period (1185-1333). “The Tale of Heike" directly references the Eight Bridges (Yatsuhashi) origin by mentioning the poet Narihara (to whom “The Tales of Ise” is attributed) and by also using the simile of the spider's legs.
"…on they went into the land of Mikawa to Yatsuhashi where once Narihara sang of one dear to them as a long-worn robe their wretched heart as full of tangled thoughts as those eight tangled spider's legs…"
3. "The Tale of Chikusai", published around 1624, recounts Chikusai and their manservant's journeys from Edo to Kyoto. Although the Eight Bridges (Yatsuhashi) was long gone by the time Chikusai visits, they still claim to be able to see its foundations, highlighting the importance of mythology over actuality when visiting utamakura.
"Chikusai was now in the province of Mikawa. When they came to the eight branch bridge (Yatsuhashi) and looked about, the pillars of the ancient bridge still stood rotting here and there But time passes and things change and no one visits their remains anymore. But still the irises at Yatsuhashi do not forget to bloom in season."
In Japanese visual arts
The Eight Bridges design was gradually incorporated into a large range of Japanese arts and craft, as the literary allusion became a specific motif. It can be found on screens, writing boxes and kimonos. The famous ‘Irises at Yatsuhashi' pair of six-panel folding screens, by Ogata Kōrin circa. 1710-1716, depicts the Eight Bridges design running, between clumps of blue irises, diagonally across the screens against a background of gold leaf. A writing box, also made by Ogata Kōrin in the 18th century, depicts the Eight Bridges running through golden reeds with mother-of-pearl irises and is designated a Japanese national treasure. The screen and writing box were both luxury items but the Eight Bridges motif can also be found on more affordable items such as prints and kimonos. Katsushika Hokusai's print ‘Ancient View of the Eight-planked Bridge in Mikawa Province', is part of their ‘Unusual Views of Famous Bridges in Various Provinces' series, it shows numerous people using the Eight Bridges to cross a swamp of irises. The pattern book Onhiinagata (1666) contains a design for a kimono with the Eight Bridges motif running diagonally across the back, beside irises.
Initially this literary motif as applied to arts and crafts was confined to goods used by the elite of Japanese society, but during the Edo period it became known and used by ordinary people.
In gardens
Actual or physical bridges composed of eight segments can be found in Japanese gardens both inside and outside of Japan. The bridge consists of eight wooden or stone planks arranged in a zig-zag pattern, atop piles of wood or stakes. The winding zig-zag pattern promotes a slow crossing that allows different vistas to be admired. Eight Bridges structures are often found near irises, as the original was in “The Tales of Ise”. Eight Bridges structures can be found in gardens around Japan including Koishikawa Kōrakuen in Tokyo, Kōrakuen in Okayama and Oyama Shrine garden in Kanazawa.
Outside Japan
Eight Bridges structures can also be found outside of Japan, in places including the Missouri Botanical Garden in the United States, the Jardín Japonés in Argentina, and Cowden Garden in Scotland. The Sha-rak-uen, or "place of pleasure and delight", is a Japanese-style garden at Cowden in Scotland, and built in 1907. The garden was commissioned by Ella Christie, after returning from a trip to Japan, and the process was overseen by Taki Handa. The garden was praised by Professor Jijo Suzuji, the Eighteenth Hereditary Head of the Soami School of Imperial Design, with the only flaw being the straight bridge so it was replaced with an Eight Bridges structure.
References
Japanese architectural styles
Japanese literature
Synaptolaemus cingulatus is a species of headstander found in Brazil and Venezuela. An examination of specimens has shown that S. cingulatus is a synonym of S. latofasciatus.
References
Anostomidae
Fish of South America
Fish of Brazil
Fish of Venezuela
Taxa named by George S. Myers
Taxa named by Augustín Fernández-Yépez
Fish described in 1950
Minnesota Statutes are a compilation of the official laws of the U.S. state of Minnesota. Minnesota Statutes comprise only of the general and permanent laws of the state. The Office of the Revisor of Statutes publishes a complete set of statutes in odd-numbered years.
Chapters and sections
Minnesota Statutes are divided into several topical chapters, numbering from 1 to 648. Each chapter is organized into sections. Proper citations are "Minnesota Statutes, chapter 335" or "Minnesota Statutes, section 335.05" when referring to a specific section. Minnesota Statutes do not include provisions of the Minnesota Constitution, temporary laws, acts of appropriations, and local ordinances.
The Office of the Revisor of Statutes publishes Minnesota Statutes electronically and prints books every two years, but a supplement may be issued in the interim year.
Other laws of Minnesota
The Minnesota Constitution is the supreme law in the state. Minnesota Statutes are the general and permanent laws of the state. Minnesota Laws (also referred to as Minnesota Session Laws, Laws of Minnesota, or simply "session laws") are the annual compilation of acts passed by the Minnesota Legislature and signed by the governor of Minnesota, or enacted by the legislature when overriding a governor's veto. Laws of a permanent nature are codified into Minnesota Statutes. Minnesota Laws may also include uncodified laws, local laws, appropriations, and proposed state constitutional amendments. A proper citation is "Laws of Minnesota 1988, chapter 469, article 1, section 1". The Office of the Revisor of Statutes publishes complications of Minnesota Statutes, Minnesota Laws, and Minnesota Rules.
See also
History of Minnesota
References
External Links
Minnesota Constitution
Minnesota Rules
Minnesota Statutes
Minnesota Session Laws
Government of Minnesota
Minnesota
Sadiqabad () is a tehsil located in Rahim Yar Khan District, Punjab province of Pakistan situated at the border of Sindh and Punjab. It is located on the east bank of the Indus River.
See also
Krishna Temple, Sadiqabad
References
Tehsils of Punjab, Pakistan
Rahim Yar Khan District
Yuvalılar is a village in the District of Finike, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Finike District
RPM was a Canadian magazine that published the best-performing singles of Canada from 1964 to 2000. Seventeen singles peaked atop the RPM Singles Chart in 1993. "I Will Always Love You" by Whitney Houston held the top position from 1992 into 1993, and Bryan Adams achieved the final number-one hit of the year with "Please Forgive Me". Six musical acts peaked at number one in Canada for the first time this year: Boy George, P.M. Dawn, Soul Asylum, Meat Loaf, Blind Melon, and Ace of Base. Whitney Houston was the only artist to peak at number one more than once.
The only Canadian to top the chart this year was Bryan Adams. Whitney Houston had the most successful single of the year with their cover of Dolly Parton's "I Will Always Love You", which topped the chart for eight weeks in January and February 1993. Together with "I Have Nothing", Houston totalled eleven weeks at the summit. Janet Jackson and Mariah Carey both spent six weeks at number one with "That's the Way Love Goes" and "Dreamlover", respectively, while Duran Duran topped the RPM Singles Chart for five weeks with "Ordinary World". The other acts that spent at least three weeks at number one were Sting, Tina Turner, Soul Asylum, and Bryan Adams.
Chart history
Notes
See also
1993 in music
List of Billboard Hot 100 number ones of 1993
References
External links
Read about RPM Magazine at the AV Trust
Search RPM charts here at Library and Archives Canada
1993 record charts
1993
A Token of the Wreckage is the third studio album and fourth overall release by American independent singer Megan Slankard, released on March 8, 2011.
Track listing
"A Token of the Wreckage" (Slankard) – 5:19
"Fair Enough and Farewell" (Slankard, Blau) – 4:00
"Our Little Secret" (Slankard, Symonds) – 3:24
"The Tragic Life of Caleb" (Slankard) – 3:40
"My Obsession with Bees" (Slankard) – 3:31
"The Happy Birthday" (Slankard) – 3:21
"The Pain of Growing Up" (Slankard) – 3:56
"Soundtrack" (Slankard) – 2:47
"Beautiful Makeshift" (Slankard) – 4:17
"The Last Thing You Say" (Slankard) – 3:58
"You and Your Bright Ideas" (Slankard) – 4:16
"Show Up" (Slankard) – 5:11
Release and promotion
In the summer of 2010, Slankard posted on their official website asking for donation from fans to fund the recording of their first music video. It was revealed that the video would be for the lead single of their album, the title track "A Token of the Wreckage". The video was recorded in September 2010 in San Rafael, CA directed by Matthew Ward. It was officially released on November 30, 2010.
Slankard is on a concert tour of the United States to promote the release of their album, which began with an album release party held on March 5, 2011 in San Francisco, CA.
Personnel
Danny Blau – rhythm guitar, keyboard
Kyle Capistra – drums, percussion, background vocals
James Deprato – electric guitar
Jeff Symonds – bass
References
External links
[ Allmusic: A Token of the Wreckage album page]
Official Music Video page for "A Token of the Wreckage"
2011 albums
Megan Slankard albums
Ferdinand Albert Thierfelder (12 December 1842 – 22 January 1908) was a German pathologist born in Meissen. They were the son of city physician () (1799–1867), and was a younger brother to internist Theodor Thierfelder (1824–1904).
They studied medicine at the University of Rostock and University of Leipzig, earning their doctorate in 1870 with a dissertation on sweat gland adenoma, Ein Fall von Schweissdrüsen-Adenom. They spent several years as an assistant at the institute of pathology in Leipzig, and from 1876 to 1908 was a full professor of anatomic pathology in Rostock. One of their better known assistants in Rostock was pathologist Otto Lubarsch (1860–1934).
In 1884/85 they were chairperson of Naturforschenden Gesellschaft (Natural History Society of Rostock).
They were the author of Atlas der Pathologischen Histologie (Atlas of pathological histology), published in seven parts from 1872 to 1881:
1 Lfg. "Pathologische Histologie der Luftwege und der Lunge". 1872.
2 Lfg. "Pathologie Histologie des Verdauungscanals (Mundhöhle, Rachen, Speiseröhre, Magen und Darm)". 1873.
3 Lfg. "Pathologische Histologie der Leber, des Pankreas und der Speicheldrüsen". 1874.
4 Lfg. "Pathologishe Histologie der serösen Haüte und Gelenke". 1875.
5 Lfg. "Pathologische Histologie der Knochen und des Periosts". 1876.
6 and 7 Lfg. "Pathologische Histologie des Herzens und der Blutgefasse (Myocardium, Endocardium Arterien, Venen und Capillaren)". 1881.
References
Pathology in Rostock by Horst Nizze
Catalogus Professorum Rostochiensium (biographical information)
German pathologists
People from Meissen
University of Rostock faculty
1842 births
1908 deaths
Melosina 'Melo' Lenox-Conyngham (22 February 1941 – 1 October 2011) was an Irish explorer and writer.
Early life and family
Melosina Anne Lenox-Conyngham was born in Ceylon on 22 February 1941, the daughter of Gerald Hamilton Lenox-Conyngham and Joanna ('Joan') Vernon Butler. Them father, a tea planter in Wattegoda, was a nephew of Sir Gerald Lenox-Conyngham. A maternal uncle was Hubert Butler. The family evacuated from Ceylon in advance of a Japanese invasion to Salisbury, Southern Rhodesia, with their father serving with the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve. Them brother, Vere, was born in Rhodesia in August 1942. The three then lived near Durban, South Africa for two years. Them sister, Eleanor, was born in 1946. Towards the end of World War II, the family returned to Ceylon, where Lenox-Conyngham began their schooling. They were later sent as a boarder to a finishing school, Brondesbury-at-Stocks, Hertfordshire, England, taking some French classes in the University of Grenoble, and holidaying with relatives in Ireland.
Career
Lenox-Conyngham held varying positions in a number of countries: a ski bum in Mount Snow, Vermont, secretary to the editor of a farmers' journal, a tennis coach in a hotel in Miami, Florida, and was employed for a period as the secretary to Sir Geoffrey Agnew, an antiques dealer, in London. They inherited Lavistown Cottage, County Kilkenny from an uncle and aunt, living there permanently from around 1973. From here, they rode with the Kilkenny Hunt. They continued to travel, living for months at a time in places such as Afghanistan, Malaya and China, generally travelling alone and on a whim.
In Ireland, they became interested in local and family history, encouraged by their uncle Hubert whom they lived near. They had founded the Butler Society, and they served as secretary of many years. They attended international Butler gatherings, and some 1976 to 2009 they were key to organising the Irish triennial gatherings of members of the society. These events were attended by Butler descendants from all around the world. They were a regular contributor to RTÉ Radio's Sunday miscellany and other shows in the 1980s. Them interest in family history and their travels provided subject matter for their Irish Times articles which were published throughout the 1990s. They had a particular interest in historical diaries, and traveled Ireland in search of unpublished examples. This resulted in their 1997 book, Diaries of Ireland: an anthology, 1590–1987.
They were first diagnosed with cancer in 2007, and when in remission, they continued to travel and write. Obituaries in their writing style were published by the Irish Times, The Times and The Daily Telegraph up until their own death. Lenox-Conyngham died in Waterford Regional Hospital on 1 October 2011, and is buried in Ennisnag churchyard, County Kilkenny. A volume of their essays, A life in postcards (2013), was edited by their niece Sophia Grene. A large collection of family papers collected by Lenox-Conyngham is now held by Kilkenny Archives Ltd.
References
1941 births
2011 deaths
People from County Kilkenny
20th-century Irish writers
20th-century Irish women writers
Lenox-Conyngham family
Sri Lankan people of Irish descent
Irish people of Sri Lankan descent
Mandate Pictures was a full-service film production company acquired by Lionsgate in 2007.
History
In 2005, Mandate Pictures was officially formed when the Los Angeles–based Senator International completed a management buyout from German indie giant Senator Entertainment AG. Joe Drake, Brian Goldsmith and Nathan Kahane became the sole proprietors of Mandate Pictures. At the time, the company was helmed by President Joe Drake, chief financial officer Brian Goldsmith, and Nathan Kahane as the company's President of Motion Pictures, overseeing the daily creative operations of the new company. Mandate Pictures independently produced and financed feature films by leveraging international sales, while seeking out domestic distributors on a film by film basis.
On September 10, 2007, the partners sold Mandate Pictures to Lionsgate, and as part of that deal Kahane stayed on as President of Mandate Pictures while Mandate CEO Joe Drake became President of the Motion Picture Group and Co-Chief Operating Officer at Lionsgate. After the acquisition, Mandate operated as an independent brand under Drake and Kahane, releasing commercial and independent films worldwide while retaining the creative autonomy and capital to finance, develop, package and produce theatrical films.
In the spring of 2012, Drake and Kahane launched Good Universe, a new full-service motion picture financing, production and global sales company. The launch comes as the collaborators transition out of Lionsgate, opening its doors fully staffed and with films from the development slate at predecessor company Mandate Pictures. Good Universe will work with Lionsgate to complete a number of Mandate films and provide certain management and production services on a number of Mandate library properties.
Logo
The drummer girl in the logo is Georgia Rock, who later starred in the 2013 movie The Bling Ring.
Filmography
Senator International
Death to Smoochy (2002) (released by Warner Bros. Pictures and FilmFour)
Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle (2004) (released by New Line Cinema)
White Noise (2005) (released by Universal Pictures and Gold Circle Films)
Boogeyman (2005) (released by Screen Gems and Ghost House Pictures)
Lords of Dogtown (2005) (released by Columbia Pictures and Tristar Pictures)
Mandate Pictures
2000s
Stranger than Fiction (2006) (released by Columbia Pictures)
The Grudge 2 (2006) (released by Columbia Pictures and Ghost House Pictures)
The Messengers (2007) (released by Columbia Pictures, Screen Gems and Ghost House Pictures)
Rise: Blood Hunter (2007) (released by Samuel Goldwyn Films, Destination Films and Ghost House Pictures)
Sleuth (2007) (released by Sony Pictures Classics and Castle Rock Entertainment)
Juno (2007) (released by Fox Searchlight Pictures)
Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium (2007) (released by 20th Century Fox and Walden Media)
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay (2008) (released by New Line Cinema)
The Strangers (2008) (released by Rogue Pictures and Intrepid Pictures)
Passengers (2008) (released by TriStar Pictures)
Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist (2008) (released by Columbia Pictures)
Horsemen (2009) (released by Lionsgate, Radar Pictures and Platinum Dunes)
Drag Me to Hell (2009) (released by Universal Pictures and Ghost House Pictures)
Whip It (2009) (released by Fox Searchlight Pictures)
2010s
Peacock (2010)
The Switch (2010) (released by Miramax Films)
50/50 (2011) (released by Summit Entertainment)
A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas (2011) (released by Warner Bros. and New Line Cinema)
Young Adult (2011) (released by Paramount Pictures)
LOL (2012) (released by Lionsgate Films)
Seeking A Friend for the End of the World (2012) (released by Focus Features and Indian Paintbrush)
Hope Springs (2012) (co-released by Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures)
This Is the End (2013) (released by Columbia Pictures)
Paradise (2013) (released by Image Entertainment)
References
External links
Mandate Pictures at IMDb
Mass media companies established in 2001
Mass media companies established in 2005
Mass media companies disestablished in 2013
Defunct American film studios
Former Lionsgate subsidiaries
Film distributors of the United States
Film production companies of the United States
Companies based in Los Angeles County, California
American independent film studios
Willy Alberti (born Carel Verbrugge; 14 October 1926 – 18 February 1985) was a Dutch singer, who sang in Dutch and Italian. They were also an actor and a radio and TV personality.
Alberti was born in Amsterdam as the third of eight children to Jacobus Wilhelm Verbrugge and Sophia Jacoba van Musscher. They sang with family members at a very young age.
They began recording professionally in the early 1940s. In 1944 they married Ria Kuiper and their daughter Willeke Alberti, later to become a successful Dutch vocalist herself, was born in 1945. After the war Alberti established themselves in the Netherlands with Italian songs; they became increasingly popular in the 1950s, when they had a string of hits beginning with Nel blu dipinto di blu in 1958. In the 1960s they began to act alongside their daughter Willeke; as a duo, they also scored hits on the Dutch charts. From 1965 father and daughter presented a popular monthly television show for the AVRO. Alberti won two Edison Awards in the 1960s.
In the 1970s, Alberti's fame began to decline, though they did score a few more hits. In 1984, Alberti was diagnosed with liver cancer, and they died in Amsterdam on 18 February of the following year, aged 58. They were cremated at the Westgaarde Crematorium in Amsterdam.
Dutch singles
Pre-Top 40
Ik zing dit lied voor jou alleen 1946
Veel mooier dan het mooiste schilderij 1946
Droomland 1950 with Ans Heidendaal
Ci-ciu-ci 1955
Mijn sprookjesboek 1955
Vivere 1955
Nel blu dipinto di blu (Volare) 1958 #4
Come prima 1958 #2
Piove 1959 #1
Li per li 1959
Una marcia infa 1959 #3
Marina 1959 #1 (US: Billboard: #42 Cash Box: #12)
Romantica 1960 #14
Quando quando quando 1962 #11
Sei rimasta sola 1963 #8 with Willeke Alberti
Sabato sera 1964 #44 with Willeke Alberti
Top 40
Dat afgezaagde zinnetje 1967 #2 with Willeke Alberti
Mooi Amsterdam 1968 with Wim Sonneveld
De glimlach van een kind 1968 #26
Ajax olé olé olé (je bent mijn glorie) 1969
Chi-ri-bi-ri-bin pom pom pom 1969 with Willeke Alberti
Een reisje langs de Rijn 1969 with Willeke Alberti
We gaan naar Londen 1971 #17
Juliana bedankt 1980 #18
Niemand laat z'n eigen kind alleen 1983 #5 with Willeke Alberti
Liefde 1987 #38
De glimlach van een kind (new version) 1995 #34 with Willeke Alberti
Jij bent het leven voor mij 1997 #32 with André Hazes
References
1926 births
1985 deaths
Dutch levenslied singers
Dutch male television actors
Male actors from Amsterdam
Musicians from Amsterdam
20th-century Dutch male actors
20th-century Dutch male singers
Nationaal Songfestival contestants
Deaths from cancer in the Netherlands
Deaths from liver cancer
The Minimum Wage Ordinance is an ordinance enacted by the Legislative Council of Hong Kong to introduce a minimum wage in Hong Kong in July 2010. The executive branch proposed a minimum wage of HK$28 (~US$3.61) per hour in November 2010, which the Legislative Council voted to accept after much debate in January 2011. It came into effect on 1 May 2011. Prior to this, there had also been a fixed minimum wage for one specific class of workers, foreign domestic helpers, of HK$3,740/month.
The Hong Kong statutory minimum wage for non-domestic workers is HK$37.5 (~US$4.83) per hour, effective 1 May 2019.
History
Hong Kong had some legislation relating to the minimum wage as early as 1932; the Governor was granted the right, but was not obliged, to establish a minimum wage. The Trade Boards Ordinance also gave the governor (and after 1997, the Chief Executive) the power to set minimum wages for piece-rate and time-rate work, and established penalties for non-compliance. However, no governor exercised these powers. In 2006, legislators floated a proposal for a voluntary minimum wage. The executive branch formed a Minimum Wage Provisional Commission in February 2009 to research and eventually set a proposed wage floor.
More debate came about on the possibility of a minimum wage in 2010. Legislator Tommy Cheung, who represents the catering functional constituency, suggested that the minimum wage be no greater than HK$20. This earned them the derogatory nickname "Twenty-dollar Cheung". They later amended their proposal to HK$24. Lam Woon-kwong of the Equal Opportunities Commission also indicated they had no objection to a lower minimum wage for disabled people. Chief Executive Donald Tsang was opposed to the whole concept of a minimum wage, according to legislator Lee Cheuk-yan of the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions. Other voices of opposition included the free-market think tank Lion Rock Institute, as well as Miriam Lau of the Liberal Party, who gave estimates that between 30,000 and 170,000 jobs would be lost as a result of the proposal, depending on the wage adopted.
Passage of the Minimum Wage Bill
The Minimum Wage Bill was passed on 15 July 2010 by a vote of 53–1 after extensive debate which included the tabling of 34 amendments. The lone opposition vote came from Paul Tse, a functional constituency legislator representing the tourism sector. The bill required the Chief Executive to propose a minimum wage level, which LegCo would then either approve or reject the amount. The law did not give LegCo the power to amend the amount. The proposed minimum wage had been expected to be between HK$23 and HK$33 per hour. Among the amendments:
Lee Cheuk-yan proposed including foreign domestic helpers in the scope of the bill. Defeated 9–26 with 17 abstentions.
Lee Cheuk-yan proposed that overtime and commissions should be excluded from the minimum wage. Defeated.
The government proposed an exemption of internships from the minimum wage legislation. Passed.
The government proposed that the Trade Boards Ordinance should be repealed. Defeated 26–28.
Setting and implementation of minimum wage
On 10 November 2010, a HK$28 (~US$3.59) per hour rate was recommended by the Provisional Minimum Wage Commission and adopted by the Chief Executive-in-Council. The Legislative Council voted to accept the proposed wage on 5 January 2011. It came into force on 1 May 2011.
The law does not mandate that meal breaks and rest days be paid; Secretary for Labour and Welfare Matthew Cheung stated that this should be decided by private negotiation between employers and employees. There were fears that the implementation of the law might actually lead to lower take-home pay for low-income workers who currently receive paid meal breaks. In November 2010, before the minimum wage came into effect, fast-food chain Cafe de Coral had forced staff to sign new contracts that would give them a pay raise but see their paid meal breaks forfeited, effectively leading to lower pay. In April 2011, Edward Cheng, president of the Hong Kong Association of Property Management Companies, the largest property management association in Hong Kong, stated that they would appeal to their members to retain paid meal breaks for estate security guards where possible; however, they pointed out that the property owners themselves would have to approve any consequent increases in management fees.
Ongoing review
2013 review
On 1 May 2013, the statutory minimum wage is reviewed, and to be set at the level at $30 (~US$3.87). This is to be in effect from 1 May 2013 to 30 April 2015, as the minimum wage is set to be reviewed every two years.
2015 review
On 1 May 2015, the statutory minimum wage is reviewed and to be set at $32.5 (~US$4.19). This is to be in effect from 1 May 2015 to 30 April 2017.
2017 review
The minimum hourly wage was changed from HK$32.50 to HK$34.50 (~US$4.43) per hour from 1 May 2017. It was gazetted on 20 January 2017.
Foreign domestic helpers
Foreign domestic helpers' minimum wages are inflation-adjusted annually for contracts about to be signed, and apply for the duration of the contract. Furthermore, FDHs are entitled to one 24-hour rest period each week. An employer's failure to meet this minimum level may result in a fine as high as HK$350,000 and three years' imprisonment.
The minimum wage for FDHs was reduced by HK$190 (5%) in 1999. Again in April 2003, in a deflationary environment, the Government announced a HK$400 reduction in pay, to HK$3,270, "due to the steady drop in a basket of economic indicators since 1999." This led to lawsuits by some Filipinos in Hong Kong. The minimum allowable wage was raised by HK$80 to HK$3,480 per month for contracts signed on or after 6 June 2007. Another HK$100 cost of living adjustment took effect for all employment contracts signed on or after 17 July 2008, increasing the minimum wage to HK$3,580 per month. In September 2017, the minimum wage was further increased from HK$4,310 to $4,410 per month. As of 2019, the minimum wage of FDHs are set to HK$4,630/month.
Notes
References
External links
Labour Department, Stautory Minimum Wages
2010 in Hong Kong
2011 in Hong Kong
Minimum wage law
Hong Kong labour law
Hong Kong legislation
2010 in labor relations
2010 in law
David Wasco and Sandy Reynolds-Wasco are an American husband and wife duo who are production designers and art directors. They are best known for their frequent collaborations with director Quentin Tarantino films, as production designers for Reservoir Dogs (1992), Pulp Fiction (1994), Kill Bill: Volume 1 (2003), Kill Bill: Volume 2 (2004), and Inglourious Basterds (2009). They worked as production designer and set decorator, respectively, for La La Land (2016), for which they received numerous awards and nominations, including the Art Directors Guild Award for Excellence in Production Design for a Contemporary Film and Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Art Direction, and won the Academy Award for Best Production Design at the 89th Academy Awards.
References
External links
Best Art Direction Academy Award winners
American art directors
American production designers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Nemacerota decorata is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Sick in 1941. It is found in the Chinese provinces of Yunnan and Sichuan.
References
Moths described in 1941
Thyatirinae
is a railway station in the city of Tōno, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Masuzawa Station is served by the Kamaishi Line, and is located 33.6 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has a single island platform connected to the station building by a level crossing. The platforms are not numbered. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Masuzawa Station opened on 30 July 1915 as on the , a light railway extending 65.4 km from to the now-defunct . The line was nationalized in 1936, becoming the Kamaishi Line. The station was renamed to its present name on 16 December 1924. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Surrounding area
Sarugaishi River
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1915
Tōno, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
William W. Kennison (1825–1893) was an officer in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.
Biography
Born in Massachusetts, Kennison was appointed Acting Master's Mate on 28 August 1861. On 26 March 1862 they were promoted to Volunteer Lieutenant in recognition of their gallant conduct in the action between the and the during the Battle of Hampton Roads on 8 March 1862,
in which Kennison was in charge of the forward pivot gun. They were subsequently appointed commander of the schooner in the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron in 1863, capturing the schooner Champion off the Piankatank River, Virginia, on 2 July, and a large yawl off Horn Harbor, Virginia, with cargo including salt, on 10 October. They later served aboard the steam gunboat , involved in operations off Charleston and Savannah in 1865. Following the war, they were honorably discharged on 4 May 1866, but was reappointed Acting Master on 20 August 1866. Their final muster out date was 16 November 1868.
Namesake
The destroyer (1918–1945) was named for him.
References
Notes
Bibliography
1825 births
1893 deaths
Union Navy officers
People of Massachusetts in the American Civil War
Kaya Köstepen (12 December 1934 – 29 June 2011) was a Turkish football player who played club football for Altay and Beşiktaş. They were born in Aydın. They also earned four caps for the Turkish national side.
Köstepen died on 29 June 2011 in Istanbul.
References
External links
Player profile at Turkish Football Federation
Player profile at Weltfußball.de
1934 births
2011 deaths
Turkish footballers
Turkey international footballers
Altay S.K. footballers
Beşiktaş J.K. footballers
Association football midfielders
Beşiktaş J.K. managers
Turkish football managers
People from Aydın
James Henry Rand Jr. (November 18, 1886 – June 3, 1968) was an American industrialist who revolutionized the business record industry. They founded American Kardex, an office equipment and office supplies firm which later merged with their father's company, the Rand Ledger Corporation. Rand later bought out and merged with several other companies, notably the Remington Typewriter Company, to form Remington Rand. In 1955, Rand merged their corporation with the Sperry Corporation to form Sperry-Rand, one of the earliest and largest computer manufacturing companies in the United States.
Early years
James H. Rand Jr. was born on November 18, 1886, to James and Mary (Jameson Scribner) Rand in North Tonawanda, New York. They were a descendant of John Rand, one of the founders of Charlestown, Massachusetts. Their father, James Rand, worked in the banking industry for many years. Realizing that bank clerks had to thumb through large numbers of index cards for information, James Rand Sr. invented the first commercial system of dividers, file tabs and index cards and founded the Rand Ledger Company to manufacture the index system.
James H. Rand Jr. graduated from high school and received a bachelor's degree in 1908 from Harvard University. They joined their father's company, and quickly rose through the ranks of management. In 1910, they married Miriam Smith.
Rand Ledger and American Kardex
James Rand Sr. fell seriously ill in 1910. At their father's wish, James H. Rand Jr. assumed control of the Rand Ledger Company from 1910 to 1914. Rand Sr. resumed control of the company in 1915. However, James Rand Jr. soon clashed with their father over their proposal to undertake a million dollar advertising campaign to boost company sales. "Get out and make a living and don't ask me for a dollar!" the elder Rand is reported to have said. James Rand Jr. left Rand Ledger in 1915. They borrowed $10,000 from their uncle (a bank trustee) and formed their own filing and index supply company, American Kardex, later that year.
Within five years, American Kardex grew to be one of the leading office supply companies in the United States. It was roughly equal in revenues to Rand Ledger, and the two companies easily dominated the American office supply market. In 1920, American Kardex had more than $1 million in gross sales. The company's products were widely used in the health care field ("filling a Kardex" became common nomenclature for entering data into a patient's medical record), and demand in Europe was so strong that Rand soon built a factory in Germany. In 1921, James Rand Jr. founded the Kardex Institute to collect and disseminate information on good business record-keeping and filing practices.
Remington Rand
Early years
As competition between American Kardex and Rand Ledger intensified, Mary Rand brokered a reconciliation between father and son. In 1925, the two men agreed that American Kardex should purchase Rand Ledger. The new company, Rand Kardex, was the largest office supply company in the United States. James Rand Sr. became the company chairperson, while James Rand Jr. was its president and general manager.
Rand published their thoughts on business in a book, Assuring Business Profits, or How to Run Any Business on a Big Business Basis.
James Rand Jr. soon took the company on a buying spree. The company became the largest supplier of office furniture in the world through its 1926 acquisition of Globe Wernicke Co., but was forced to divest itself of the business later that year after an antitrust action. Between 1927 and 1929, the company merged with or bought out a number of companies, including Index Visible, Inc. (which had been founded by Yale University economist Irving Fisher), Safe-Cabinet Co. (which had invented the fire-proof safe), Library Bureau, Inc. (which had invented the filing cabinet), Dalton Adding Machine and Baker-Vawter Ledger. For a brief time in 1926, the company was known as Rand Kardex Bureau, Inc. In 1927, James Rand Jr. merged their company with the Remington Typewriter Co. (which had invented the noiseless and electric typewriters) and changed its name to Remington Rand. Company sales grew from $5 million in 1927 to $500 million in 1954.
James Rand, Jr.'s wife, Miriam, died in 1927. They married the former Evelyn Huber in 1929.
Rand was named chairperson of Remington Rand in 1929. They retained that post and added the title of president in 1931.
The Great Depression hit Remington Rand very hard. By 1931, company revenues were just a quarter their pre-depression levels, and the company would not begin to recover until 1936. Rand became active in efforts to strengthen the U.S. economy. They co-founded the Committee for the Nation in January 1933 with Frank A. Vanderlip, former president of the National City Bank of New York. The Committee was dedicated to getting the United States off the gold standard and re-inflating the dollar. The Committee for the Nation was highly influential. It succeeded in persuading President Franklin D. Roosevelt to demonetize the dollar and abandon the gold standard in 1933. Rand's influence in national economic affairs led them to be consulted several times by the federal government on policies to help the nation emerge from the depression.
Rand's second wife, Evelyn, died in June 1934.
In 1935, James Rand Jr. was accused by the Securities and Exchange Commission of stock manipulation. Rand signed a consent decree in late May 1935 in which they did not admit guilt but did agree to stop stock purchases which would manipulate the share price of Remington Rand. In 1937, Rand founded the electric shaver division of Remington Rand.
Remington Rand strike of 1936–1937
Rand personally became involved in a major strike action at Remington Rand's plants in 1936. At one point, Rand had enjoyed favorable relations with the labor movement in the United States, winning praise for their economic policies from American Federation of Labor President William Green. But then Remington Rand's workers began unionizing in 1934. A strike that year led to a contract and recognition for the union. Rand ordered company managers to harass the union in an attempt to drive it from the plants. In the spring of 1936, rumors spread that the company would close plants in upstate New York. Receiving no reassurances from management, the union struck on May 25, 1936. Rand personally directed many aspects of the strike, including the extensive use of strikebreakers, labor spies, incendiary public statements, the formation of company unions and "citizens' committees" to undermine union support, and more. The Remington Rand strike of 1936–1937 was a particularly long and violent one. Many of the tactics ordered by James Rand Jr. were documented by the National Labor Relations Board in its 120-page decision in Remington Rand, Inc., 2 NLRB 626 (decided March 13, 1937). Just a month into the strike, Rand published "the Mohawk Valley formula"—his personal prescription for breaking strikes and unions. The NLRB called it "a battle plan for industrial war."
As the strike wound down, Rand and their hired strikebreaker Pearl Bergoff were both indicted by a federal grand jury for violating the Byrnes Act. The Byrnes Act banned the interstate transportation of personnel for the purpose of breaking strikes. Both men were acquitted seven months later, but the United States Attorney in the case claimed Rand won acquittal only after suppressing evidence which would have led to their conviction. Four years later, the NLRB asked a federal court to have James Rand Jr. held in contempt of court for continuing to obstruct court-ordered implementation of the NLRB's order forcing the company to recognize and bargain with the union. The charge was dropped when the company relented and began implementing the order.
Legal troubles and World War II
As the 1930s drew to a close, James Rand Jr. encountered a number of legal difficulties. In July 1939, they along with the top executives of three other typewriter manufacturing companies were personally sued by the U.S. Department of Justice for antitrust violations. Rand was again cited by the Securities and Exchange Commission for stock manipulation in October 1939. In November 1939, Remington Rand shareholders sued Rand and other top corporate executives for their lavish spending on perks and other items.
During World War II, Rand transformed the Remington Rand company into a major defense contractor. The company manufactured parts and weapons for the U.S. military, including bomb fuses, the Norden bombsight and the M1911 pistol.
In 1944, James Rand Sr. died.
Post-war years
The post-war years led to continued rapid company expansion under James Rand, Jr.'s leadership. The Remington Rand plant at Elmira, New York, became the largest business machine manufacturing plant in the world. Wishing to build on the company's expertise in business machines and showing remarkable foresight, Rand pushed the company into purchasing the Eckert–Mauchly Computer Corporation in 1950. Founders J. Presper Eckert and John Mauchly had conceived and designed the world's first purely electronic, Turing-complete, digital computer in 1946. They founded Eckert–Mauchly in 1947, and developed the BINAC computer shortly thereafter. Remington Rand purchase the company in March 1950.
Under Rand, the company recovered rapidly from its Depression-era difficulties. Sales grew from $5 million in 1927 to $500 million in 1954.
Remington Rand merged with the Sperry Corporation on July 1, 1955. At the age of 68, James Rand Jr. became the company's vice chairperson.
Retirement and death
In 1958, James Rand Jr. was 72 years old. On April 15, 1958, Rand announced that they would step down from their various roles in the company. They were succeeded as president by Kenneth R. Herman.
Yet, Rand's legal troubles were not yet over. In 1965, the Internal Revenue Service sued them for $35 million in back taxes.
Rand and their third wife, the former Dorothy Stevenson, retired to The Bahamas. They donated significant sums of money to Princess Margaret Hospital in Nassau, and to the Harvard School of Public Health.
James Rand Jr. died in Freeport in 1968 at the age of 81. They were survived by their wife, Dorothy, their twin sons and their daughter.
Speedboats
Aside from their career as a business person, James Rand Jr. was also a notable patron of speedboats. In the 1920s, Rand sponsored the "Spitfire" design, which won numerous races. In 1927, Rand won the "Duke of York Cup," a prestigious powerboat racing trophy.
Rand's passion for powerboating later helped save three lives. While Rand was powerboating in Long Island Sound in 1939, they encountered a small boat which had capsized. The three women who had occupied the boat were near drowning when Rand's boat came upon the wreck. Rand himself, at the age of 53, leapt into the water and helped pull the women to safety. The press lauded Rand for personally saving the three women's lives.
Notes
References
"Asks to Have Rand Held in Contempt." New York Times. July 2, 1941.
Barry, James. American Powerboats. St. Paul, Minn.: MBI Publishing, 2003.
Bratter, Hebert M. "The Committee for the Nation: A Case History in Monetary Propaganda." Journal of Political Economy. 49:4 (August 1941).
"Change In Remington Rand." New York Times. July 16, 1931.
"Computer Unit Sold to Remington Rand." New York Times. March 2, 1950.
Cortada, James W. Historical Dictionary of Data Processing. Westport, Ct.: Greenwood Press, 1987.
"Denial By J.H. Rand Jr." New York Times. May 26, 1935.
Drew, Jacqueline A. and Blumberg, Mark S. "What Happens to Medication Orders?" American Journal of Nursing. 62:7 (July 1962).
"Ex-Head of Rand Corp. Sued for $35 Million Tax." Associated Press. January 13, 1965.
"41 Leaders Called for Trade Planning." New York Times. June 22, 1933.
"Glossary. History at the Department of Labor." U.S. Department of Labor. No date. Accessed March 1, 2007.
"Government Wins Rand Kardex Suit." New York Times. December 10, 1926.
"Green Hails Rand Plan." New York Times. October 6, 1932.
Ingham, John N. Biographical Dictionary of American Business Leaders. Westport, Ct.: Greenwood Press, 1983.
"J.H. Rand Jr. Rescues 3 Women From Capsized Boat in Sound." New York Times. August 22, 1939.
".H. Rand Sr. Dead." New York Times. September 17, 1944.
"James Henry Rand Dead At 81." New York Times. June 4, 1968.
"Manipulation Ban Put on J.H. Rand Jr." New York Times. October 19, 1939.
"Merger Discussions Announced By Sperry and Remington Rand." New York Times. March 17, 1955.
"Misconduct Laid to Rand Officials." New York Times. May 25, 1935.
"Miss Spitfire V Sets Two Records." Associated Press. July 7, 1927.
"Mrs. James H. Rand." New York Times. June 9, 1934.
"Mrs. Rand Brings Speed-Boat Trophy." New York Times. August 23, 1927.
"Office Equipment Makers to Merge." New York Times. February 10, 1927.
Rand, James H. Jr. Assuring Business Profits, or How to Run Any Business on a Big Business Basis. New York: B.C. Forbes, 1926
"Rand and Bergoff Indicted by Federal Jury For Putting Strike-Breakers in Middletown." New York Times. April 13, 1937.
"Rand, Bergoff and Chowderhead." Time. December 7, 1936.
"Rand Challenges Complaint by SEC." New York Times. October 20, 1939.
"Rand in Command." Time. July 27, 1931.
"Rand-Kardex Merger." New York Times. March 28, 1925.
"Rand Stockholders Win Right to Sue." New York Times. November 30, 1939.
"Rand Yields the Helm at Remington." New York Times. April 16, 1958.
"Remington Rand Approves Merger." New York Times. May 28, 1955.
"Remington Rand Resumes Common Dividend With First Quarterly Payment Since 1931." New York Times. April 22, 1936.
"Remington Rand's Directors." Associated Press. June 15, 1927.
Rothbard, Murray N. America's Great Depression. Auburn, Ala.: Ludwig Von Mises Institute, 2000.
Shaplen, Joseph. "Lawyers Says Rand Blocked Evidence." New York Times. November 10, 1937.
Shaplen, Joseph. "Rand Acquitted of Strikebreaking." New York Times. November 19, 1937.
"Speed-Boat Record Pilot to Seek Duke of York Cup." New York Times. July 15, 1927.
"Thomas Asks Halt on Stabilization." New York Times. December 14, 1933.
"Typewriter 'Trust' Charged, 4 Indicted." New York Times. July 29, 1939.
"U.S. Alleges Trust in Office Fittings." New York Times. October 22, 1926.
Weber, Tommy. "Rands Donate to Bahamas Hospital." New York Times. August 17, 1963.
External links
Kardex Company Web site
1886 births
1968 deaths
People from Erie County, New York
Harvard University alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
American expatriates in the Bahamas
is a railway station in the city of Tōno, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Iwate-Futsukamachi Station is served by the Kamaishi Line, and is located 39.3 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving a single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
History
The station opened on 15 December 1914 as on the , a light railway extending 65.4 km from to the now-defunct . The station was elevated to a full passenger station and renamed Iwate-Futsukamachi on 15 December 1924.
The line was nationalized in August 1936, becoming the Kamaishi Line. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Surrounding area
FutsukamachiPost Office
Sarugaishi River
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Tōno, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Bikramshila railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Ramzanipur in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
Lee's may refer to:
Companies
Lee's Famous Recipe Chicken, an American fried chicken restaurant chain
Lee's Sandwiches, a Vietnamese-American fast food restaurant chain
Places
Lee's Ferry, a site along the Colorado River in Coconino County, Arizona, United States
Lee's Crossing, a neighborhood of Marietta, Georgia, United States, in suburban Atlanta
Lee's Palace, a rock concert hall in Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Lees River in Massachusetts, United States
Lees Station, Tennessee, an unincorporated community in Bledsoe County, Tennessee, United States
Lee's Summit, a city in Missouri, United States
See also
Lee (disambiguation)
Lees (disambiguation)
Mr Lee's Noodles
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Burwood on 2 June 1951 because of the death of Gordon Jackett ().
Dates
Result
Gordon Jackett () died.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Burwood (New South Wales)
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1951 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1950s in New South Wales
USCGC Ingham (WMSM-917) is the third of the United States Coast Guard (USCG).
Development and design
Heritage-class cutters are the newest class of cutter in the USCG, bridging the capabilities of the and es. They are tasked to go against lightly armed hostiles in low-threat environments.
In February 2014, the USCG announced that Bollinger Shipyards, Eastern Shipbuilding, and General Dynamics Bath Iron Works had been awarded design contracts for the OPC. The Government Accountability Office denied contract appeals by VT Halter Marine and Ingalls Shipbuilding.
In September 2016, Eastern Shipbuilding of Panama City, Florida, was awarded a $110.3 million contract to build the first Offshore Patrol Cutter with an option to purchase eight additional cutters. On 15 October 2016, the Coast Guard issued a notice to proceed with the detailed design of the Offshore Patrol Cutter to Eastern Shipbuilding.
Construction and career
Inghams engine will be built by Fairbanks Morse at its factory in Beloit, Wisconsin.
Construction began on Ingham 27 September 2021 at Eastern Shipbuilding Group's Allanton and Nelson St. facilities. Them sponsor is Alaska senator Lisa Murkowski. Them keel was authenticated on 15 July 2022.
See also
Integrated Deepwater System Program
References
Heritage-class cutters
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
Cameron Spikes (born November 6, 1976, in Madisonville, Texas) is a former American football guard in the National Football League. They were drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the fifth round of the 1999 NFL Draft. They played college football at Texas A&M.
College career
At Texas A&M Spikes was a starting tackle in 1997 and moved to guard in 1998
Professional career
Pre-draft
St. Louis Rams
The Rams drafted Spikes in the fifth round of the 1999 NFL Draft with the 145th overall pick. They played in 19 games for the Rams from 1999-2001.
Houston Texans
Spikes played 12 games with five starts in 2002.
Arizona Cardinals
In 2003 Spikes won a starting job on the Arizona Cardinals, playing in and starting 16 games in 2003 and playing in 16 games (with 9 starts) in 2004.
References
1976 births
Living people
People from Madisonville, Texas
American football offensive guards
Texas A&M Aggies football players
St. Louis Rams players
Houston Texans players
Arizona Cardinals players
Denver Broncos players
Oakland Raiders players
William or Bill Mayer may refer to:
Bill Mayer (born 1951), American illustrator
William Mayer (composer) (1925–2017), American composer
William A. Mayer (f. 1956–1959), American polo player
William Daniel Mayer (born 1941), former member of the Maryland House of Delegates
William E. Mayer, investment banker and former owner of the Hartford Colonials
William V. Mayer (1920–1989), American biologist and educator
See also
William Meyer (disambiguation)
William Moyer (1933–2002), author and organizer in the 1966 Chicago Freedom Movement
Annikki Tähti (in 1959–1978 Tähti-Tiensuu; 5 December 1929 – 19 June 2017) was a Finnish schlager singer, known for their wide repertoire ranging from waltz and tango to swing and Latin music, over a career lasting more than fifty years.
Music career
Tähti's career began when a colleague arranged, behind them back, an audition with the composer and conductor George de Godzinsky in 1950. After a few years working together, with de Godzinsky coaching and preparing Tähti for a singing career, they signed a deal with the newly established Scandia record label.
Them breakthrough was a slow and nostalgic waltz, ( 'Remember Monrepos?'): released in 1955, it was the first gold record in Finland, and decades later remains the fourth-best-selling Finnish single of all time. It was originally intended only as the B-side to Tähti's hit single Pieni sydän, but became much more popular and was released in its own right.
Tähti followed this in quick succession with more hits, including the 1955 Balladi Olavinlinnasta ( 'Olavinlinna Ballad') and the 1956 Kuningaskobra ( 'King Cobra', Finnish version of Teddy Powell's 'Snake Charmer'), both of which were certified gold and are still among the best-selling Finnish singles, in 6th and 12th places, respectively.
The peak of their career was in the 1950s and 1960s, fading somewhat after that, although they enjoyed a slight resurgence in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Film career
Tähti's first film appearance was in the 1953 musical comedy Two Funny Guys, performing the song Onnen sävel, which also became their first published record and therefore launched their career as a recording artist.
Later they sang in Matti Kassila's 1959 short film Iskelmäkuvia, and in the 1960 musical film Iskelmäkaruselli pyörii.
More than forty years later, Tähti gained a new, younger audience, when they reprised their iconic Muistatko Monrepos'n in Aki Kaurismäki's 2002 film The Man Without a Past, as a Salvation Army flea market manager performing at a juhannus party for homeless people.
They also featured in numerous TV music programmes and documentaries between 1959 and 2009.
Recognition
Tähti was awarded an honorary knighthood in the Order of the Lion of Finland.
In 1992, they received the City of Vantaa Cultural Award for their distinguished artistic career.
In 1998, they received a 'Special Emma' (Erikois-Emma) award.
In 2004, Tähti was included on the Suuret suomalaiset ('Great Finns') top-100 list compiled by Yle, at number 89. They were not originally nominated by the organisers, but received enough support in the public vote to make it to the list.
Personal life
Originally from the Kallio district of Helsinki, Tähti lived for much of their adult life in the Martinlaakso area of Vantaa.
They were a private person, and in their own words "rather boring", who saw themselves as a singer rather than a celebrity.
In 2008, Tähti suffered a stroke (cerebral infarction), after which they stopped performing and no longer appeared in public.
They had been married to conductor Pentti Tiensuu (m. 1959 — div. 1978), with whom they worked for many years. They had one child.
Tähti spent their last years largely alone in a care home, their husband and son having died earlier, and they're having no siblings or other close family. They died virtually destitute, despite the enduring success of their music.
See also
Laila Kinnunen
References
External links
Annikki Tähti in Yle archives
20th-century Finnish women singers
Singers from Helsinki
1929 births
2017 deaths
Schlager musicians
Noise, commonly known as static, white noise or static noise, in analog video and television, is a random dot pixel pattern of static displayed when no transmission signal is obtained by the antenna receiver of television sets and other display devices.
Some television sets or other devices display a blue or black screen rather than noise.
Most television sets don't use the sound, but sometimes if you press any buttons on the remote, it just makes noises for seconds.
Description
The random pixel pattern is superimposed on the picture or the television screen, being visible as a random flicker of "dots" or "snow", is the result of electronic noise and radiated electromagnetic noise accidentally picked up by the antenna like air or cable. This effect is most commonly seen with analog TV sets, blank VHS tapes, or other display devices.
There are many sources of electromagnetic noise which cause the characteristic display patterns of static. Atmospheric sources of noise are the most ubiquitous, and include electromagnetic signals prompted by cosmic microwave background radiation, or more localized radio wave noise from nearby electronic devices.
The display device itself is also a source of noise, due in part to thermal noise produced by the inner electronics. Most of this noise comes from the first transistor the antenna is attached to.
Names
UK viewers used to see "snow" on black after sign-off, instead of "bugs" on white, a purely technical artifact due to old 405-line British senders using positive rather than the negative video modulation used in Canada, the U.S., and (currently) the UK as well. Since one impression of the "snow" is of fast-flickering black bugs on a white background, the phenomenon is often called myrornas krig in Swedish, myrekrig in Danish, hangyák háborúja in Hungarian, Ameisenkrieg in German, and semut bertengkar in Indonesian, which all translate to "war of the ants".
It is also known as ekran karıncalanması in Turkish, meaning "ants on the screen", hangyafoci in Hungarian which means "ant football", and in Romanian, purici, which translates into "fleas". In French however, this phenomenon is mostly called neige (snow), just like in Dutch, where it is called sneeuw. In Portugal, it's called formigueiro, meaning either "anthill" or "formication".
In Argentina this video noise is called lluvia (rain), maybe related to the sound that go along with it. Similarly, this noise is called suna-arashi (sand storm) in Japanese, referring to the natural phenomenon.
Big Bang
Because analog television uses radio waves to carry information, some of the white noise is the television rendering microwaves from the Big Bang. NASA describes, "Turn your television to an 'in between' channel, and part of the static you will see is the afterglow of the big bang". This is also true for radio. When it is adjusted to a frequency that is between stations, part of the sound heard is remnant radiation from the Big Bang from around 13.7 billion years ago.
See also
Interference (wave propagation)
Film grain
Image noise
References
Video
Television terminology
Articles containing video clips
Spin Aqua were a short-lived musical project between the model Anna Tsuchiya and the former Oblivion Dust guitarist K.A.Z. The duo performed music together for a year and seven months, releasing music for less than a year under the on the popular label Ki/oon Records.
Information
The band debuted with the single "Unchained", which was followed up with Spin Aqua's first concert in December at the Tokyo Bay NK Hall at the Devilock '02 concert. This single was followed up five months later with "Mermaid," then three months later, the single "Paper Moon". Out of these three singles, "Mermaid" was the only one that charted on Oricon charts (peaking at No. 197).
Spin Aqua's debut album and debut DVD release, Pisces and Spin Aqua Films - 1st Session, were both released a month after the last single. The album fared similarly poorly on the charts, reaching a low position of No. 187.
The band would later slip into hiatus due to Tsuchiya's pregnancy and engagement to fellow model Joshua. In mid-2004 it was announced that Spin Aqua had permanently disbanded.
Discography
Albums
2003: Pisces
Singles
2002: "Unchained"
2003: "Mermaid"
2003: "Paper Moon"
DVD / VHS
2003: Spin Aqua Films - 1st Session
External links
Official website
Oricon profile
Spin Aqua Sony profile
Ki/oon Music artists
Japanese alternative rock groups
Gower's Cricket Monthly is a BBC2 magazine show presented by the former England batsman David Gower after they retired from the game. It was the first terrestrial show ever devoted to the sport and ran for four series from 1995 to 1998 plus some spin-off programmes to preview major finals. It also complemented the new weekly Cricket Focus that ran in Grandstand during the same period.
The shows consisted of highlights, features, previews and interviews.
The first three series were all linked on location but the fourth was presented from studio TC5 at TV Centre. It was the first BBC Sport show to have its own website during the early days of the internet.
Regular reporters on the show included Ralph Dellor, Mark Little, Simon Hughes, Steve Lee, Chris Broad, Fiona Stephenson, Mike Wedderburn, Jonathan Agnew, Eddie Butler and Steve May
The series ended in 1998 when the BBC lost the cricket rights to Channel 4.
Series One - 1995
Episode One - 15 May
Linked from The Duchess of Norfolk's XI v West Indies at Arundel. Featuring the Jimmy Adams Video Diary, Highlights of Australia v West Indies, Mike Atherton interview, preview of the summer, Darren Gough interview, Pakistan's controversies, Allan Donald's bowling masterclass, Young Players to follow, (Jason Gallian, Alistair Brown, Glenn Chapple and Richard Stemp), Rory Bremner picking their favourite memories from the archives, Mark Little exploring the eccentricities of County Cricket in Derby and a county round up.
Episode Two - 19 June
Linked from Chester-Le-Street. Featuring Chris Tarrant's favourite moments, Mark Little playing cricket in the Scilly Isles, a feature on Dickie Bird, Jimmy Adams's Video Diary, Ian Bishop interview, Graham Gooch batting masterclass and a county round up.
Episode Three - 12 July
Episode Four - 8 August
Linked from Holland. Featuring the 4th Test review, 5th Test preview, Richie Benaud and Dermot Reeve on captaincy, Dutch cricket, Jimmy Adams's Video Diary, Mark Little as 12th man for Hampshire v Young Australia, Frank Skinner's personality pick, Mark Ramprakash's fielding masterclass, Women's Cricket, Soweto Cricket Club and a county round up.
Episode Five - 19 September
Linked from Canterbury. Featuring the conclusion of the County Championship, a preview of the winter, Jimmy Adams's Video Diary, Mark Little looking at how the game is covered on TV, Gary Lineker interviewing Mike Atherton, Jack Russell's wicketkeeping masterclass, Hanse Cronje's BBQ with Jane Robinson, the commentators picking their players of the year and Bill Wyman's cricket memories.
Series Two - 1996
Episode One - 22 April
Linked from Chelmsford. Featuring Cricket in Crisis, Geoff Boycott's views, World Cup Highlights, Dermot Reeve's Video Diary, County Preview, Young Guns Anthony McGrath and Alex Tudor and Players in the Winter.
Episode Two - 21 May
Linked from Hove. Featuring History of England v India, Ravi Shastri interview, India preview, Mohammad Azharuddin interview, Cricket in Scotland, Geoff Boycott's views, Brian Lara interview, Richie Richardson interview, Angus Fraser's Video Diary, Cricketing Artists and the news roundup.
Episode Three - 16 June
Linked from Lord's. Featuring 1st Test review, Ravi Shastri interview, Leicestershire feature, Geoff Boycott's views, Women's Cricket feature, Chris Adams's Video Diary and the news roundup.
Episode Four - 9 July
Linked from Trent Bridge. Featuring a review of the India series, Geoff Boycott's views, Pakistan preview, History of England v Pakistan, Leg-Spin feature, Player's Wives feature, B&H Final preview and the news roundup.
Episode Five - 19 August
Linked from Worcester. Featuring a 2nd Test review, Geoff Boycott's views, The Butcher Brothers (Mark & Gary singing and playing guitars in Cardiff), Overseas Players, Protective Gloves and news round up.
Episode Six - 9 September
Linked from Leicester. Featuring reviews of the county and international seasons, the story of Durham, Geoff Boycott's views and the inaugural winner of The One Test Wonders, hosted by John Stephenson.
GCM Special - Nat West Cup Final Preview - 6 September
Linked from Lord's. Featuring Ian Austin interview, Ronni Irani interview, Ted Dexter feature, Geoff Miller feature, Lancashire Squad and Essex squad.
Series Three - 1997
Episode One - 20 May
Linked from Worcester. Featuring an Australian preview with Mark Taylor, Shane Warne and David Boon, Jonathan Agnew looking at the state of the game in England, Simon Hughes reporting on Irish cricket, Chris Adams rallying, great Ashes moments, the Aussie fans view of the English and Geoff Boycott's views.
Episode Two - 14 June
Linked from The Oval. Featuring a First Test review, Ian Chappell's view, TMS's 40th anniversary, The England Captaincy, Matthew Fleming feature and a Gloucestershire feature.
Episode Three - 15 July
Presented from TV Centre, TC5 with Dean Headley as the studio guest. Featuring an Ashes round up, a review of the B&H Cup final, West Indies v Sri Lanka report, Dennis Lillee and Derek Randall meeting to look back at their epic 1977 encounter, Matthew Hayden sailing and Eddie Butler traveling to Umeå in Sweden to report on the most northerly game of cricket, played through the night on the longest day and under the midnight sun.
Episode Four - August
Presented from TV Centre, TC5 with Mike Gatting as the studio guest. Featuring a 5th Test review, Asian Cup report, Steve James feature, Derbyshire feature, Wasim Akram interview, Jonathan Agnew interviewing Derek Underwood in Antwerp to look back at their 7-50 at The Oval, reports on the England U19 and Women's cricket team and an 86-year-old wicket-keeper - Reg Harris who was still playing 3 times a week in their 71st season.
Episode Five - September
Featuring an end of season round-up, winter tour preview, County Championship review
GCM Special - Nat West Cup Final preview - 5 September
Linked from Lord's
Series Four - 1998
Episode One - 19 May
Presented from TV Centre, TC5 with Alec Stewart as the studio guest. Featuring previews of England v South Africa, Barry Richards interview, Devon Malcolm feature, Ed Giddins feature and a Robert Croft feature. It also saw the launch of the first website and email address to be used by a BBC Sports programme.
Episode Two - 17 June
Presented from TV Centre, TC5 with Barry Richards as the studio guest. Featuring a review of the First Test, South Africa at Arundel, Graeme Hick's 100 hundreds, a feature on county captains, a report on the role of the 12th man and a look back to Ian Botham's performances in 1978.
Episode Three - 22 July
Presented from TV Centre, TC5 with Stuart Law as the studio guest. Featuring reports on England and South Africa, a report on umpires and referees, a profile of Nick Knight, a feature on French cricket and a look back at Garry Sobers hitting six sixes in an over.
Episode Four - 26 August
Presented from TV Centre, TC5 with Barry Richards and David Graveney as the studio guests. Featuring a review of England's series win against South Africa, a preview of England v Sri Lanka, a look at the 1948 Australians, a feature on the Cowdrey family and Kent and a look at England wicketkeeping prospects.
Episode Five - 22 September
Presented from TV Centre, TC5 with James Whittaker as the studio guest. Featuring a county championship review, Chris Broad previewing the Ashes, the retirements of Dickie Bird and Mike Gatting, an item about Goodwood and a report on the women's Ashes series.
BBC Television shows
Cricket on television
1995 British television series debuts
1998 British television series endings
1990s British sports television series
British sports television series
English-language television shows
Jaana Lyytikäinen (born 22 October 1982) is a Finnish footballer, currently playing for Åland United in Finland's Naisten Liiga. They have been a member of the senior Finland women's national football team since their debut against Scotland in September 2007.
National coach Andrée Jeglertz selected Lyytikäinen in Finland's squad for UEFA Women's Euro 2013, where they played in two of the Finns' three games.
References
1982 births
Living people
Finnish women's footballers
Finland women's international footballers
Kansallinen Liiga players
Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi (women) players
Åland United players
FC Honka (women) players
PK-35 Vantaa (women) players
Women's association football midfielders
Women's association football forwards
People from Kuopio
Sportspeople from North Savo
Richard Charles Lucas (born 10 September 1925) is an Anglican evangelical cleric, best known for their long ministry at St Helen's Bishopsgate in London, England, and for their work as founder of the Proclamation Trust and the Cornhill Training Course.
Early life
Lucas was born on 10 September 1925 in Lewes, Sussex. They attended Radley College. They were converted to evangelical Christianity in 1941 under the camp ministry of E. J. H. Nash. Lucas began university studies at Oxford, but left to serve in the Royal Navy during World War II. After the war, they continued their undergraduate studies at Trinity College, Cambridge (BA 1949, MA 1957).
Ordained ministry
Lucas completed ordination training at Ridley Hall, and was ordained in the Church of England as a Deacon in 1951, and then as a Priest in 1952. Lucas' first curacy was served as at St Nicholas' Church, Sevenoaks from 1951 to 1955, before they joined the staff of the Church Pastoral Aid Society from 1955 until 1961.
Lucas became Rector of St. Helen's Bishopsgate in 1961, and served the church as its Rector for thirty-seven years. Under their leadership, St. Helen's grew from a small congregation of a few individuals to a large thriving church with a ministry to city workers, families, students and young professionals. They developed a reputation for strong Bible teaching and preaching. They emerged as a widely respected evangelical speaker, particularly at the Keswick Convention. They were outspoken among their generation of evangelical ministers in encouraging systematic expositional preaching. With this in mind, Lucas was among those who established a popular and widely duplicated programme of training workshops for preachers.
In May 1986 Lucas founded the Proclamation Trust, the aim of which is to encourage ministry that seeks to "expound the Bible as God's Word for today", and remains active as a Trustee.
In 1991, in partnership with David Jackman, Lucas helped to form the Cornhill Training Course. The course originally met for training in St Peter upon Cornhill, before moving to Borough to meet in office space on Borough High Street. Lucas is no longer part of the leadership team there.
Now in their nineties, Lucas still has an active and influential ministry, preaching and speaking at conferences in the UK and further afield.  They are Rector Emeritus of St Helen's, where they return each summer to preach.
Although prioritising preaching and teaching, Lucas is the author of a number of evangelical books and commentaries. With John Stott, J.I. Packer and others, Lucas was a key figure in shaping the conservative evangelical movement in the United Kingdom during the 20th century.
In 1995, a Festschrift was published in their honour. When God's Voice is Heard: The Power of Preaching included contributions from Peter Adam, D. A. Carson, John Chapman, Edmund Clowney, Peter Jensen, Phillip Jensen, and J. I. Packer.
Bibliography
Commentaries:
Lucas, R. C. (1980). The Message of Colossians & Philemon (The Bible Speaks Today Series), Leicester: Inter-Varsity Press.
Lucas & Green (Dec 1995). The Message of 2 Peter and Jude (The Bible Speaks Today Series), Leicester: Inter-Varsity Press.
Keswick paperbacks:
Lucas, et al. (1978). The Gospel, the Spirit, the Church: Keswick ministry from John Stott, Dick Lucas, Ken Prior, Gilbert Kirby and others, UK: STL Books [for] Keswick Convention Council.
Lucas, et al. (Nov 1981). Purity and Power: Keswick Convention Ministry, 1981, UK: Send the Light Trust.
Lucas, et al. (Nov 1986). Rebuilding the Foundations (1986 Keswick Convention), UK: Send the Light.
Other works:
Lucas & Philip (1980). Teaching John: Unlocking the Gospel of John for the Expositor (Proclamation Trust Media), UK: Christian Focus Publications.
Jackopson & Lucas (April 1992). Good Morning, Disciple, UK: Zondervan.
Peter Adam (foreword by Lucas) (30 May 2004). Speaking God's Words: A Practical Theology of Preaching, UK: Regent College Publishing.
Green and Jackman (1995). When God's Voice is Heard: Essays on preaching presented to Dick Lucas (Leicester: IVP)
References
External links
St Helen Bishopsgate
The Proclamation Trust
1925 births
Living people
Evangelical Anglican clergy
People from Lewes
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
English evangelicals
21st-century English Anglican priests
Royal Navy personnel of World War II
Bible commentators
20th-century English Anglican priests
The bibliography of John Keats is a list of their poetry.
Works
A Draught of Sunshine
Addressed to Haydon (1816) text
Addressed to the Same (1816) text
After dark vapours have oppressed our plains (1817)
As from the darkening gloom a silver dove (1814)
Asleep! O sleep a little while, white pearl! text
A Song About Myself text
Bards of Passion and of Mirth text
Before they went to live with owls and bats (1817?)
Bright star, would I were steadfast as thou art (1819)
Calidore: A Fragment (1816)
The Cap and Bells; or, the Jealousies, a Faery Tale (Unfinished, 1819)
The Day Is Gone, And All Its Sweets Are Gone
Dedication. To Leigh Hunt, Esq.
A Dream, After Reading Dante's Episode Of Paolo And Francesca text
A Draught of Sunshine
Endymion: A Poetic Romance (1817)
Epistle to John Hamilton Reynolds
Epistle to My Brother George
First Love
The Eve of Saint Mark (Unfinished, 1819)
The Eve of St. Agnes (1819) text
The Fall of Hyperion: A Dream (Unfinished, 1819)
Fancy (poem)
Fill for me a brimming bowl (1814) text
Fragment of an Ode to Maia
Give me women, wine, and snuff (1815 or 1816)
God of the golden bow (1816 or 1817)
The Gothic looks solemn (1817)
Had I a man's fair form, then might my sighs (1815 or 1816)
Hadst thou liv'd in days of old (1816)
Happy is England! I could be content (1816)
Hither, hither, love (1817 or 1818)
How many bards gild the lapses of time (1816)
The Human Seasons
Hymn To Apollo
Hyperion (Unfinished, 1818)
I am as brisk (1816)
I had a dove
I stood tip-toe upon a little hill (1816)
If By Dull Rhymes Our English Must Be Chain'd (also known as "On the Sonnet")
Imitation of Spenser (1814) text
In Drear-Nighted December
Isabella or The Pot of Basil (1818) text
Keen, fitful gusts are whisp'ring here and there (1816)
La Belle Dame sans Merci (1819, revised 1820) text
Lamia (1819)
Lines Written on 29 May, the Anniversary of Charles's Restoration, on Hearing the Bells Ringing (1814 or 1815)
Lines on Seeing a Lock of Milton's Hair (1818)
Lines on The Mermaid Tavern
Meg Merrilies
Modern Love (Keats)
O Blush Not So!
O come, dearest Emma! the rose is full blown (1815)
O grant that like to Peter I (1817?)
O Solitude! if I must with thee dwell (1815 or 1816)
O Thou Whose Face
Ode (Keats)
Ode on a Grecian Urn (1819) text
Ode on Indolence (1819)
Ode on Melancholy (1819) text
Ode to a Nightingale (1819) text
Ode to Apollo (1815)
Ode to Fanny
Ode to May (1818)
Ode to Psyche (1819)
Oh Chatterton! how very sad thy fate (1815)
Oh! how I love, on a fair summer's eve (1816)
Old Meg (1818)
On a Dream
On a Leander Which Miss Reynolds, My Kind Friend, Gave Me (1817)
On Death text
On Fame, 1 & 2 text
On First Looking into Chapman's Homer (1816) text
On Leaving Some Friends at an Early Hour (1816)
On Peace (1814) text
On Receiving a Curious Shell, and a Copy of Verses, from the Same Ladies (1815)
On Receiving a Laurel Crown from Leigh Hunt (1816 or 1817)
On Seeing the Elgin Marbles (1817)
On Sitting Down to Read King Lear Once Again (1818)
On the Grasshopper and Cricket (1816)
On the Sea (1817) text
On The Story of Rimini (1817)
On Visiting the Tomb of Burns (1818)
The Poet (a fragment)
A Prophecy - To George Keats in America
Read Me a Lesson, Muse (1818)
Robin Hood. To A Friend
Sharing Eve's Apple
Sleep and Poetry (1816)
A Song of Opposites
Specimen of an Induction to a Poem (1816)
Staffa (1795)
Stay, ruby breasted warbler, stay (1814)
Stanzas (1818)
Think not of it, sweet one, so (1817)
This Living Hand
This pleasant tale is like a little copse (1817)
To — (1819)
To a Cat
To a Friend Who Sent Me Some Roses (1816)
To a Lady seen for a few Moments at Vauxhall (1818)
To A Young Lady Who Sent Me A Laurel Crown (1816 or 1817)
To Ailsa Rock
To Autumn (1819) text
To Lord Byron (1814) text
To Charles Cowden Clarke (1816)
To Fanny (1819)
To G.A.W. (Georgiana Augusta Wylie) (1816)
To George Felton Mathew (1815)
To Georgiana Augusta Wylie
To Haydon
To Haydon with a Sonnet Written on Seeing the Elgin Marbles (1817)
To Homer
To Hope (1815)
To John Hamilton Reynolds (1818)
To Kosciusko (1816)
To Leigh Hunt, Esq. (1817)
To My Brother George (epistle) (1816)
To My Brother George (sonnet) (1816)
To My Brothers (1816)
To one who has been long in city pent (1816)
To Sleep
To Solitude
To Some Ladies (1815)
To the Ladies Who Saw Me Crown'd (1816 or 1817)
To the Nile
Unfelt, unheard, unseen (1817)
Welcome Joy... (1818)
When I have fears that I may cease to be (1818) text
Where Be Ye Going, You Devon Maid?
Where's the Poet? (1818)
Why did I laugh tonight? (1818)
Woman! when I behold thee flippant, vain (1815 or 1816)
Written in Disgust of Vulgar Superstition (1816)
Written in the Cottage Where Burns Was Born (1818)
Written on a Blank Space
Written on a Summer Evening
Written on the Day that Mr Leigh Hunt Left Prison (1815)
Written Upon the Top of Ben Nevis (also known as "Read Me a Lesson, Muse")
You say you love; but with a voice (1817 or 1818)
External links
Bibliographies by writer
Bibliographies of British writers
Poetry bibliographies
NGMN may refer to:
the Next Generation Mobile Networks Alliance
next generation mobile networks in a broader sense, usually for the 4th generation 4G of mobile technology that follows after the 3G generation of standards
ICAO code for Makin Airport, Makin (islands), (IATA code MTK)
Limatula aupouria is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae, the file shells or file clams.
References
SealifeBase
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Limidae
Bivalves of New Zealand
H. B. Tanner (March 16. 1922 – March 12, 2020) was an American business person and politician.
Hugh Bernard Tanner was born in Carrier Mills, Saline County, Illinois. They graduated from the Eldorado Township High School in Eldorado, Illinois. Tanner also graduated from the College of Mortuary Science in St. Louis, Missouri. They served in the United States Army during World War II and the Korean War. They lived in Harrisburg, Illinois with their wife and family. Tanner owned a funeral home in Eldorado, Illinois. They were also in the construction and real estate businesses. Tanner served as sheriff of Saline County, from 1958 to 1962, and was a Democrat. Tahher served in the Illinois House of Representatives in 1965 and 1966. Tanner died at the VA Medical Center in Marion, Illinois.
Notes
1922 births
2020 deaths
People from Saline County, Illinois
Military personnel from Illinois
Businesspeople from Illinois
American funeral directors
Illinois Democrats
Illinois sheriffs
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
United States Army personnel of World War II
They Learned About Sailors is a 1934 comedy film directed by George Marshall and starring Alice Faye, Lew Ayres, and Susan Fleming. The film is about a night club singer in Shanghai who falls in love with an American sailor. Songs for the film were written by Richard A. Whiting and Sidney Clare.
External links
1934 films
American black-and-white films
1934 comedy films
Films directed by George Marshall
American comedy films
Fox Film films
1934 drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The collared trogon (Trogon collaris) is a near passerine bird in family Trogonidae, the quetzals and trogons. It is found in Mexico, throughout Central America, and in northern South America.
Taxonomy and systematics
The International Ornithological Committee (IOC) and the Clements taxonomy recognize these 10 subspecies of collared trogon. They treated T. c. aurantiiventris ("orange-bellied trogon") as a separate species until the late 2010s.
T. c. puella Gould (1846)
T. c. underwoodi Bangs (1908)
T. c. aurantiiventris Gould (1846)
T. c. extimus Griscom (1929)
T. c. heothinus Wetmore (1967)
T. c. virginalis Cabanis & Heine (1863)
T. c. subtropicalis Zimmer (1948)
T. c. exoptatus Cabanis & Heine (1863)
T. c. collaris Vieillot (1817)
T. c. castaneus Spix (1824)
BirdLife International's Handbook of the Birds of the World (HBW) recognizes eight subspecies, excluding T. c. aurantiiventris and T. c. underwoodi.
Description
Trogons have distinctive male and female plumages, with soft, often colorful, feathers. The collared trogon is about long and weigh abouts . Both sexes have a black face and throat. The male's crown, nape, back, and rump are bright metallic green. The folded wing shows black and white vermiculation. The breast is also metallic green with a white band separating it from the bright red belly and vent. The upperside of the tail is green with a black tip and the underside is barred black and white. The female is olive brown where the male is green, the closed wing is brown with black vermiculation, and the belly is a duller red than the male's. The underside of the tail is gray with a few black bars and white tips.
The male collared trogon is the national bird for Kenya because the colors are in the National flag.
Distribution and habitat
The 10 subspecies of collared trogon are found thus:
T. c. puella, central Mexico to western Panama
T. c. underwoodi, northwestern Costa Rica
T. c. aurantiiventris, central Costa Rica to western Panama
T. c. extimus, eastern Darién Province in northeastern Panama
T. c. heothinus, Panama's Serranía del Darién
T. c. virginalis, western Colombia through western Ecuador into northwestern Peru
T. c. subtropicalis, central Colombia, especially the Magdalena and Cauca valleys
T. c. exoptatus, northern Venezuela (and Trinidad & Tobago?)
T. c. collaris, east of the Andes from Colombia south to northern Bolivia and east through the Guianas and much of west central Brazil (and Trinidad & Tobago?)
T. c. castaneus, southeastern Colombia south to eastern Peru and northern Bolivia and into northwestern Brazil; also eastern Brazil
Clements places T. c. exoptatus in Trinidad & Tobago; the IOC places T. c. collaris there instead.
In South America the collared trogon inhabits humid lowland evergreen forest, both primary and well-established secondary. In Mexico and Central America it inhabits those forest types and in addition humid montane, semideciduous, and pine-evergreen forests. It is found as high as in Mexico and in Costa Rica, but in the Andes it is mostly below in Ecuador and in Peru.
Behavior
The collared trogon usually perches between the higher understory and the lower part of the canopy. It is usually seen singly or in pairs, but small groups may gather outside the breeding season.
Feeding
The collared trogon eats small fruits (such as berries) and invertebrates such as caterpillars, crickets, cicadas, beetles, and phasmids. They often accompany the edges of mixed-species foraging flocks but do not mix with the other members.
Breeding
The collared trogon's nesting season is highly variable across the species' wide distribution, beginning as early as November in French Guiana and as late as April in Venezuela. It nests in cavities in decaying wood or arboreal termite nests; the cavity is often so shallow that much of the bird is visible. The normal clutch size is two eggs. Both sexes incubate the eggs and care for the young.
Vocalization
The collared trogon's song varies geographically. The Mexican and Central American populations sing "a plaintive 2-3 noted kyow'-kyow or caow' caow, and a faster kyow kyow-kyow". South American songs are described as "a series of mellow whistled notes, usually with a stuttered introductory note: whi'whi whew-whew-whew." Calls include "a prolonged charr" and a "snorting chur-r-r-r".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the collared trogon as being of The Least Concern. It has a very large, though not quantified, population and a very large range.
References
External links
Further reading
collared trogon
Birds of Central America
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of the Caribbean
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
Birds of the Amazon Basin
collared trogon
collared trogon
Yağcıoğlu, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Galina Savova () (1940 - 3. January 2021) was a Bulgarian operatic soprano. The singer completed their education first in Varna, in Sofia and then began their career in 1966 with a beginner's engagement at the Sofia National Opera Theater. There, they sang much Bulgarian, Russian and Italian operatic repertoire, as it was set in 1971 at a guest performance of the Opera of Sofia at the Paris Grand Opera in the title role of Puccini's "Turandot".
Professional career
In 1972 Savova first sang in West Germany, in Darmstadt. They remained close to the Opera House of Frankfurt where they were heard again and again from 1982-87 in leading roles. They have performed at the State Operas of Hamburg and Munich (1983, 1985), at the Opera of Marseilles (1985), at the Teatro San Carlos Lisbon (including 1986 as Leonore in Beethoven's "Fidelio"), at the Liceu in Barcelona (1987 in the title roles the opera "Aida" by Verdi and "Beatrice di Tenda 'by Bellini).
In Italy at the Verona festival in 1980 and 1988 they participated in the title role of the opera "La Gioconda" by Ponchielli, 1983 and 1988 as Turandot in 1984 as Aida. The latter role, they also took over at the 1987 Festival of Savonlinna. In 1988 at the Teatro Fenice in Venice again as a guest Turandot, Teatro San Carlos Lisbon as Tosca. At the New York Metropolitan Opera, they sang in 1982 as the inaugural Amelia in Verdi's "Un Ballo in maschera" and there was also heard as Tosca, Santuzza in "Cavalleria Rusticana", Gioconda, Aida, and as Venus in "Tannhauser". In 1985-86 they performed in Amsterdam as Santuzza.
In 1989 Savova was a guest performer at the Teatro San Carlos Lisbon as Aida. They sang Turandot in 1990 at the Covent Garden Opera in London and the Australian Opera House in Sydney. They sang Turandot again in 1992 at the Lyric Opera of Chicago and at the opera house in Limoges. Apart from the asupervisorstioned roles, they have also portrayed the title character in Puccini's "Manon Lescaut", Minnie in "La Fanciulla del West", Senta in "The Flying Dutchman", Eva in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg", and Ortrud in "Lohengrin".
Personal life
For a number of years Savova was the companion of conductor Giuseppe Patanè.
References
Sources
Hall, Charles J., Chronology of Western Classical Music, Taylor & Francis, 2002.
Metropolitan Opera, Savova, Galina (Soprano), performance record on the MetOpera Database. Accessed 8 October 2009.
1945 births
Living people
Bulgarian operatic sopranos
20th-century Bulgarian women opera singers
Musicians from Sofia
The Indore - Dahod railway line of the Western Railway Zone is an under construction public transit system in the state of Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat. It will connect Indore with Dahod on Mathura–Vadodara section. This line will reduce the distance between Indore and Dahod by 100 km.
History
The Project was allocated in 2008 but the work on the line started very late has 8 tunnels to be built. The later number of tunnels was reduced to three as of April 2019.
The cost of the Indore-Dahod railway line is 1643 crores this may increase as per requirements as Railways have set a targeted to complete the Indore - Dahod Line project by 2022 as of now 11 years had passed 50 percent work of the work has not been completed.
Route and halts
See also
Manmad–Indore line
Western Railway
Indore Junction railway station
Mathura–Vadodara section
Chhota Udaipur–Dhar line
References
Transport in Indore
Railway lines in Gujarat
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Transport in Dahod
Proposed railway lines in India
Carl Gottfried Seuerling (1727-1795) was a German born, Swedish stage actor and theater director. They were the director of the Seuerling theater Company in 1768-93 and as such the leader of one of only two professional Swedish language theater companies in Sweden of the era.
Life
Carl Seuerling was originally from Germany and arrived to Sweden as the leader of a travelling theater company in 1760. They married the Swedish actor Margareta Seuerling (1747–1820) in 1768 and took over the theater company of their father, Peter Lindahl (1712–1792).
The Seuerling travelling theater company performed all over Sweden and Finland, and was in many parts they visited the first theater performing. Historically, they have not been described as a theater company of great quality - they often experienced a shortage of staff, inexperienced actors and performed in conditions which did not give the chance of high quality scenery, the strong German accent of Carl Seuerling was caricatured, and anecdotes of failed performances circulated, particularly among the upper classes. However, this judgement are likely overreactions from an elite audience used to the theatres in the capital; in the provincial press, the company are often given positive reviews, and they were popular among the public in the towns and the countryside in which they toured, playing a pioneering role in Swedish theater history.
Seuerling introduced the works of William Shakespeare on the Swedish stage by staging the first performance of Romeo and Juliet at the Egges theater in Norrköping 5 August 1776, with themselves and their wife in the main parts.
In 1793 Carl Seuerling left their theater to Johan Peter Lewenhagen (1770-1832). However, after their death in 1795, their wife took over the company.
Seuerling had seven children. They were the father of Carl Fredrik Seuerling (d. 1831), the actor Gustaf Wilhelm Seuerling, the school teacher Gottfrid Ferdinand Seuerling (1775-1826), the actor Carolina Seuerling (1769-1821), the musician Charlotta Seuerling and the governess Gustafva Margaretha Seuerling (1786-1863).
References
Other sources
Schöldström, Birger (1889). Seuerling och hans "comædietroupp" : ett blad ur svenska landsortsteaterns historia. Stockholm. Libris 281714
1727 births
1795 deaths
Swedish theatre directors
18th-century Swedish male actors
Age of Liberty people
18th century in Turku
18th-century theatre managers
Lipce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
References
Lipce
In 2020, Ofqual, the regulator of qualifications, exams and tests in England, produced a grades standardisation algorithm to combat grade inflation and moderate the teacher-predicted grades for A level and GCSE qualifications in that year, after examinations were cancelled as part of the response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
History
In late March 2020, Gavin Williamson, the secretary of state for education in Boris Johnson's Conservative government, instructed the head of Ofqual, Sally Collier, to "ensure, as far as is possible, that qualification standards are maintained and the distribution of grades follows a similar profile to that in previous years". On 31 March, they issued a ministerial direction under the Children and Learning Act 2009.
Then, in August, 82% of 'A level' grades were computed using an algorithm devised by Ofqual. More than 4.6 million GCSEs in England – about 97% of the total – were assigned solely by the algorithm. Teacher rankings were taken into consideration, but not the teacher-assessed grades submitted by schools and colleges.
On 25 August, Collier, who oversaw the development of Williamson's algorithm calculation, resigned from the post of chief regulator of Ofqual following mounting pressure.
Vocational qualifications
The algorithm was not applied to vocational and technical qualifications (VTQs), such as BTECs, which are assessed on coursework or as short modules are completed, and in some cases adapted assessments were held. Nevertheless, because of the high level of grade inflation resulting from Ofqual's decision not to apply the algorithm to A levels and GCSEs, Pearson Edexcel, the BTEC examiner, decided to cancel the release of BTEC results on 19 August, the day before they were due to be released, to allow them to be re-moderated in line with Ofqual's grade inflation.
The algorithm
Ofqual's Direct Centre Performance model is based on the record of each centre (school or college) in the subject being assessed. Details of the algorithm were not released until after the results of its first use in August 2020, and then only in part.
{| border="1" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="0"
|
Synopsis
The examination centre provided a list of teacher predicted grades, called 'centre assessed grades' (CAGs)
The students were listed in rank order with no ties.
For large cohorts (over 15)
With exams with a large cohort; the previous results of the centre were consulted. For each of the three previous years, the number of students getting each grade (A* to U) is noted. A percentage average is taken.
This distribution is then applied to the current years students-irrespective of their individual CAG.
A further standardisation adjustment could be made on the basis of previous personal historic data: at A level this could be a GCSE result, at GCSE this could be a Key Stage 2 SAT.
For small cohorts, and minority interest exams (under 15).
The individual CAG is used unchanged
|-
|
The formulas
for large schools with
for small schools with
The variables
is the number of pupils in the subject being assessed
is a specific grade
indicates the school
is the historical grade distribution of grade at the school (centre) over the last three years, 2017-19.
is the predicted grade distribution based on the class's prior attainment at GCSEs. A class with mostly 9s (the top grade) at GCSE will get a lot of predicted A*s; a class with mostly 1s at GCSEs will get a lot of predicted Us.
is the predicted grade distribution of the previous years, based on their GCSEs. You need to know that because, if previous years were predicted to do poorly and did well, then this year might do the same.
is the fraction of pupils in the class where historical data is available. If you can perfectly track down every GCSE result, then it is 1; if you cannot track down any, it is 0.
CAG is the centre assessed grade.
is the result, which is the grade distribution for each grade at each school .
|}
Schools were asked to make a fair and objective judgement of the grade they believed a student would have achieved, but in addition to rank the students within each grade. This was because the statistical standardisation process required more granular information than the grade alone. Some examining boards issued guidance on the process of forming the judgement to be used within centres, where several teachers taught a subject. This was to be submitted 29 May 2020.
For A-level students, their school had already included a predicted grade as part of the UCAS university application reference. This was submitted by 15 January (15 October 2019 for Oxbridge and medicine) and had been shared with the students. This UCAS predicted grade is not the same as the Ofqual predicted grade.
The normal way to test a predictive algorithm is to run it against the previous year's data: this was not possible as the teacher rank order was not collected in previous years. Instead, tests used the rank order that had emerged from the 2019 final results.
Effects of the algorithm
The A-level grades were announced in England, Wales and Northern Ireland on 13 August 2020. Nearly 36% were lower than teachers' assessments (the CAG) and 3% were down two grades.
Side-effects of the algorithm
Students at small schools or taking minority subjects, such as are offered at small private schools, could see their grades being higher than their teacher predictions. Such students traditionally have a narrower range of marks, the weaker students having been invited to leave. Students at large state schools, sixth-form colleges and FE colleges who have open access policies and historically have educated BAME students or vulnerable students saw their results plummet, in order to fit the historic distribution curve.
Students found the system unfair, and pressure was applied on Williamson to explain the results and to reverse their decision to use the algorithm that they had commissioned and Ofqual had implemented. On 12 August Williamson announced 'a triple lock' that let students appeal the result using an undefined valid mock result. But on 15 August, the advice was published with eight conditions set which differed from the minister's statement. Hours after the announcement, Ofqual suspended the system. On 17 August, Ofqual accepted that students should be awarded the CAG grade, instead of the grade predicted by the algorithm.
UCAS said on 19 August that 15,000 pupils were rejected by their first-choice university on the algorithm-generated grades. After the Ofqual decision to use unmoderated teacher predictions, many affected students had grades to meet their offer, and reapplied. 90% of them said they aimed to study at top-tier universities. The effect was that top-tier universities appeared to have a capacity problem.
The Royal Statistical Society said they had offered to help with the construction of the algorithm, but withdrew that offer when they saw the nature of the non-disclosure agreement they would have been required to sign. Ofqual was not prepared to discuss it and delayed replying by 55 days.
Legal opinion
Lord Falconer, a former attorney general, opined that three laws had been broken, and gave an example of where Ofqual had ignored a direct instruction of the Secretary of State for Education.
Falconer said the formula for standardising grades was in breach of the overarching objectives under which Ofqual was established by the Apprenticeships, Skills, Children and Learning Act 2009. The objectives require that the grading system gives a reliable indication of the knowledge, skills and understanding of the student, and that it allows for reliable comparisons to be made with students taking exams graded by other boards and to be made with students who took comparable exams in previous years.
The Labour Party suggested that the process was unlawful in that the students were given no appeal mechanism, stating: "There will be a mass of discriminatory impacts by operating the process on the basis of reflecting the previous years' results from their institutions", and "It is bound to disadvantage a whole range of groups with protected characteristics, in breach of a range of anti-discrimination legislation."
See also
2020 UK GCSE and A-Level grading controversy
References
External links
Requirements for the calculation of results in summer 2020 – Ofqual, 7 July 2020, updated 20 August
Student guide to post-16 qualification results: summer 2020 – Ofqual, 27 July 2020, updated 19 August
Taking exams during the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak – guidance from the Department for Education, published 20 March 2020, updated 27 August
Higher Education Policy Institute algorithm discussion, May 2020
Education Committee Oral evidence: The Impact of Covid-19 on education and children's services, HC 254 Wednesday 2 September 2020
2020 in England
School examinations
Government by algorithm
The men's 85 kilograms event at the 1998 Asian Games took place on 11 December 1998 at Thunder Dome, Maung Thong Thani Sports Complex.
Results
Legend
NM — No mark
References
Results
External links
Weightlifting Database
Weightlifting at the 1998 Asian Games
The men's heavyweight (91 kg/200.2 lbs) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the second heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments involving nine fighters. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
As there were not enough men for a tournament designed for sixteen, seven of the fighters received a bye through to the quarter finals. The tournament gold medal was won by Dimitri Antonenko from Russia who defeated reigning W.A.K.O. world champion Serbia's Dejan Milosavljevic in the final by split decision. Sasa Cirovic and Ivan Stanić from Serbia and Croatia had to make do with bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
Alidius Warmoldus Lambertus Tjarda van Starkenborgh Stachouwer (7 March 1888 – 16 August 1978) was a Dutch nobleman and statesman, primarily noted for being the last colonial Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies, now Indonesia. They were taken captive after accepting Japan's demands for an unconditional surrender of the islands on 9 March 1942.
Early life
In November 1915 they married Christine Marburg, the daughter of the American Ambassador to Belgium, Theodore Marburg.
They joined the Dutch diplomatic service in 1915. Prior to World War II, they were Queen's Commissioner in Groningen (1925–33) and envoy to Brussels (1933–36).
On 16 September 1936, they became Governor-General of the Netherlands East Indies.
Second World War
When the Netherlands surrendered to Germany on 14 May 1940, Jhr. van Starkenborgh declared martial law in the Dutch East Indies, ordering 19 German cargo ships to be seized and all German nationals to be interned pending the liberation of the Netherlands.
In December 1941, when Japan began operations in the Pacific, there were 93,000 Dutch troops and 5,000 American, British and Australian soldiers to defend against an invasion of the Netherlands East Indies.
By 15 February, Japanese bombers were attacking the capital at Batavia (now Jakarta) and government operations were removed to Bandoeng. On Sunday, 8 March, Lt. Gen. Hitoshi Imamura met with van Starkenborgh and set a deadline for an unconditional surrender. Jhr. van Starkenborgh ordered the Dutch and Allied troops to cease fire in a broadcast the next day, and the Allied forces surrendered at 1:00 p.m.
Tjarda van Starkenborgh, their family, and other Dutch government and military personnel were taken prisoner. While the Japanese offered them to let them stay at their home under house arrest and receive special treatment they refused. They were separated from their wife, Christine, and daughters, who were interned in a different POW camp.
Later, they were transferred to the Manchurian camp at Hsien (now Liaoyuan), where they were held along with other prominent prisoners, including General Jonathan M. Wainwright, until the camp was liberated on 16 August 1945.
Post-war life
Jhr. van Starkenborgh returned to the Netherlands with their family, but declined a request from Queen Wilhelmina to serve as Governor-General, in that the Queen had pledged self-government to Indonesia in 1942. They resigned effective 16 October 1945. Instead, they became the Dutch Ambassador to France (1945–48) and was then the Dutch Representative to NATO (1950–56).
After their retirement they settled a long-standing argument on canal links with Belgium in negotiations during 1963–66. With Gerbrandy and Beel, they formed an advisory committee on the Greet Hofmans affair.
References
1888 births
1978 deaths
Ambassadors of the Netherlands to France
Permanent Representatives of the Netherlands to NATO
Jonkheers of the Netherlands
Governors-General of the Dutch East Indies
People from Groningen (city)
World War II civilian prisoners held by Japan
King's and Queen's Commissioners of Groningen
20th-century Dutch East Indies people
Liplje (, ) is a small settlement north of Planina in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Geography
Liplje is a scattered village below the east slope of Mount Planina (Planinska gora) and on the western edge of the Planina Karst Field (Planinsko polje) along the main road from Logatec to Planina. It includes the hamlet of Podgora north-northwest of the village core. There are some hayfields and tilled land in the karst field itself that are subject to occasional flooding. There are several springs below the road and above the karst field.
Name
The name Liplje is derived from a plural demonym, *Lipľane 'residents of Lipa', itself derived from the common noun lipa 'linden', referring to the local vegetation. Places named after the linden tree are common in Slovenia, with other examples including Lipa, Lipe, Lipje, Lipica, and Lipce.
References
External links
Liplje on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Nature Genetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Nature Portfolio. It was established in 1992. It covers research in genetics. The chief editor is Tiago Faial.
The journal encompasses genetic and functional genomic studies on human traits and on other model organisms, including mouse, fly, nematode and yeast. Current emphasis is on the genetic basis for common and complex diseases and on the functional mechanism, architecture and evolution of gene networks, studied by experimental perturbation.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2021 impact factor of 41.379, ranking it 2nd out of 175 journals in the category "Genetics & Heredity".
References
External links
Official website
Genetics in the United Kingdom
Genetics journals
Monthly journals
Nature Research academic journals
Publications established in 1992
Kontula may refer to:
Place
Kontula, Helsinki
Kontula metro station
Surname
Anna Kontula (born 1977), Finnish sociologist
Osmo Kontula (born 1951), Finnish sociologist and sexologist
Pentti Kontula (1930–1987), Finnish Boxer
See also
Kotula, a surname
Finnish-language surnames
Fremont County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 48,939. The county seat is Cañon City. The county is named for 19th-century explorer and presidential candidate John C. Frémont.
Fremont County comprises the Cañon City, CO Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Pueblo-Cañon City, CO Combined Statistical Area.
Rural Fremont County is the location of 15 prisons; most of these are operated by the state. ADX Florence, the only federal Supermax prison in the United States, is in an unincorporated area in Fremont County, south of Florence, and is part of the Federal Correctional Complex, Florence. As of March 2015, Fremont County leads the nation among all counties as the one with the largest proportion of persons incarcerated. Prisoners are counted as part of the county population in the census, and 20% of residents are held in the prisons in the county.
History
Fremont County was founded in 1861, in central Colorado. It is named for John C. Frémont.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.06%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Teller County - north
El Paso County - northeast
Pueblo County - southeast
Custer County - south
Saguache County - southwest
Chaffee County - northwest
Park County - northwest
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 50
State Highway 9
State Highway 67
State Highway 69
State Highway 96
State Highway 115
State Highway 120
National protected areas
Pike National Forest
San Isabel National Forest
Sangre de Cristo Wilderness
State protected area
Arkansas Headwaters Recreation Area
National scenic byway
Gold Belt Tour National Scenic and Historic Byway
Bicycle routes
American Discovery Trail
TransAmerica Trail Bicycle Route
Western Express Bicycle Route
Major highways
U.S. Highway 50
State Highway 9
State Highway 67
State Highway 115
State Highway 120
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 46,145 people, 15,232 households, and 10,494 families residing in the county. The population density was 30 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 17,145 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 89.52% White, 5.34% Black or African American, 1.53% Native American, 0.50% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 1.22% from other races, and 1.82% from two or more races. 10.35% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 15,232 households, out of which 30.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.30% were married couples living together, 9.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.10% were non-families. 26.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.93.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 20.60% under the age of 18, 7.50% from 18 to 24, 33.40% from 25 to 44, 24.00% from 45 to 64, and 14.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 133.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 143.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,150, and the median income for a family was $42,303. Males had a median income of $30,428 versus $23,112 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,420. About 8.30% of families and 11.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.80% of those under age 18 and 7.40% of those age 65 or over.
Sister cities
Kahoku, Yamagata Prefecture, Japan
Valday, Russia
Government
Fremont County is governed by a board of county commissioners, one for each of the three separate districts in the county.
Kevin Grantham, District 1
Debbie Bell, District 2
Dwayne McFall, District 3
The daily operations of the county are controlled centrally from the County Administration Building, located in Cañon City. It houses the offices of both elected and appointed officials, including:
Stacey Seifert, assessor
Justin D Grantham, clerk and recorder
Randy Keller, coroner
Kathy Elliott, treasurer/public trustee
Allen Cooper, sheriff
John Kratz, surveyor
Sunny Bryant, county manager
Corrections and prisons
Colorado Department of Corrections operates several prisons in the county. The department operates the Colorado Territorial Correctional Facility in Cañon City. In addition several correctional facilities near Cañon City are located in unincorporated areas in the county. Colorado State Penitentiary, the location of the state death row and execution chamber, is in Fremont County. Other state prisons in Fremont County include Arrowhead Correctional Center, Centennial Correctional Facility, Fremont Correctional Facility, Four Mile Correctional Center, and Skyline Correctional Center.
The Colorado Women's Correctional Facility, near Cañon City in an unincorporated area, was decommissioned on June 4, 2009.
The Federal Bureau of Prisons operates the Federal Correctional Complex, Florence in Fremont County, which consists of several separate Federal prisons, including the only supermax facility in the federal system, home to many convicted terrorists and other notorious criminals.
Communities
Cities
Cañon City (County seat)
Florence
Towns
Brookside
Coal Creek
Rockvale
Williamsburg
Census-designated places
Coaldale
Cotopaxi
Howard
Lincoln Park
Park Center
Penrose
Other unincorporated communities
Hillside
Parkdale
Penrose
Portland
Swissvale
Texas Creek
Wellsville
Ghost towns
Adelaide
Calcite
Chandler
Siloam
Whitehorn
Yorkville
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Colorado census statistical areas
Front Range Urban Corridor
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fremont County, Colorado
References
External links
Fremont County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado counties
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
Populated places established in 1861
Jan Østergaard Jørgensen (born 31 December 1987) is a retired badminton player from Denmark who played for SIF (Skovshoved) in the Denmark badminton league. They won the men's singles title at the 2014 European Championships, and was the bronze medalist at the 2015 World Championships. They joined the Denmark winning team at the 2016 Thomas Cup in Kunshan, China.
Career
They won the European Championship title in 2014. They won the bronze medal at the 2008 European Badminton Championships and 2012 European Badminton Championships and the silver medal at the 2010 European Badminton Championships and 2016 European Badminton Championships. They won the Danish Championship title in 2012, 2013 and again in 2015 (Withdrawn due to injury in 2014). They were the runner-up at 2009 China Open Super Series and won Denmark Open in 2010, French Open (badminton) in 2013, Indonesia Open (badminton) in 2014 and the invitational Copenhagen Masters in 2009, 2011 and 2012. In 2014, they became the first European male singles player to win the Indonesia Open. In March 2015 they reached the final of the England Super Series, but lost against Chen Long, from China, 21-15, 17-21, 15-21.
Personal life
 They are married to the Danish Handball player Stine Jørgensen and have twins together.
Achievements
BWF World Championships
Men's singles
European Championships
Men's singles
BWF World Tour (1 runner-up)
The BWF World Tour, announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels, namely World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Men's singles
BWF Superseries (4 titles, 5 runners-up)
The BWF Superseries, launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF). BWF Superseries has two level such as Superseries and Superseries Premier. A season of Superseries features twelve tournaments around the world, which introduced since 2011, with successful players invited to the Superseries Finals held at the year end.
Men's singles
BWF Superseries Finals tournament
BWF Superseries Premier tournament
BWF Superseries tournament
BWF Grand Prix (2 titles)
The BWF Grand Prix has two levels, the BWF Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It is a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007.
Men's singles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series/European Circuit (4 titles, 2 runners-up)
Men's singles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series / European Circuit tournament
Record against selected opponents
Record against year-end Finals finalists, World Championships semi finalists, and Olympic quarter finalists, accurate as of 17 March 2020.
Chen Jin 4–4
Chen Long 2–11
Chen Yu 0–1
Du Pengyu 2–3
Lin Dan 7–9
Shi Yuqi 0–1
Tian Houwei 6–3
Chou Tien-Chen 6–6
Viktor Axelsen 3–5
Peter Gade 3–4
Hans-Kristian Vittinghus 5–1
Rajiv Ouseph 10–3
Parupalli Kashyap 4–3
Srikanth Kidambi 2–4
B. Sai Praneeth 2–0
Anthony Sinisuka Ginting 4–2
Taufik Hidayat 2–2
Sony Dwi Kuncoro 2–0
Tommy Sugiarto 3–1
Kento Momota 3–5
Sho Sasaki 3–3
Lee Chong Wei 1–17
Liew Daren 1–4
Wong Choong Hann 2–1
Lee Hyun-il 2–3
Park Sung-hwan 2–1
Shon Seung-mo 0–1
Son Wan-ho 3–3
Boonsak Ponsana 11–2
Kantaphon Wangcharoen 1–0
Nguyễn Tiến Minh 2–6
References
External links
Badminton Denmark Profile
1987 births
Living people
People from Aalborg Municipality
Danish male badminton players
Badminton players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of Denmark
Sportspeople from the North Jutland Region
Robert Alfred Ernest Greenshields (February 2, 1861 – September 28, 1942) was Chief Justice of the Superior Court of the Province of Quebec; Dean of the Faculty of Law at McGill University and 9th Chancellor of Bishop's University.
Greenshields was born at Danville, Canada East, the youngest son of Scottish-born parents John Greenshields (1823–1901), farmer and mill owner of Danville, and Margaret Naismith.
Educated at Danville Academy, they graduated from in Arts from McGill University, 1883, and in civil law in 1885. Greenshields established a legal practice in Montreal with their elder brother, James Naismith Greenshields (1853–1937) who had served as a member of the legal defence team in the trial of Louis Riel. They were appointed Queen's Counsel in 1899. In 1910, they were appointed Judge of the Superior Court of the Province of Quebec, becoming Chief Justice in 1929. At McGill, Greenshields became Associate Professor of Criminal Law in 1915, and full Professor in 1920. From 1923 until 1927 they served as Dean of the Faculty of Law, and retired in 1929 as Emeritus Professor. In 1932, they succeeded Frederick Edmund Meredith as Chancellor of Bishop's University, a position they held until their death in 1942.
In 1890, they married Maude Adelaide Gooderham (1868–1952), daughter of Robert Turner Gooderham (1841–1913), of Toronto. They lived in Montreal's Golden Square Mile at 3465 Simpson Street and kept a summer property at St. Andrews, New Brunswick. They were the parents of one daughter. After Greenshields' death, their wife endowed the Chief Justice R.A.E. Greenshields Memorial Scholarship for law students at McGill University.
References
1861 births
1942 deaths
Canadian university and college chancellors
Canadian university and college faculty deans
Judges in Quebec
McGill University alumni
McGill University faculty
People from Estrie
Canadian Queen's Counsel
McGill University Faculty of Law alumni
Kırkpınar, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Typhoon Lionrock, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Dindo, was a large, powerful, long-lived and erratic tropical cyclone which caused significant flooding and casualties in North Korea and Japan in late August 2016. It was the tenth named storm and was the third typhoon of the 2016 Pacific typhoon season. Damages recorded after the season were recorded about US$3.93 billion.
Meteorological history
The system that was to become Typhoon Lionrock was first noted as a subtropical disturbance on August 15, while it was located about to the west of Wake Island. At this time the disturbance had a broad and poorly organized low level circulation centre, which had some shallow bands of atmospheric convection wrapping loosely around it. It was located within a marginal environment for further development and was predicted to develop further, in association with a developing upper level low. Over the next day the system moved northwards, while a TUTT Cell created subsidence and high vertical windshear over the system, before it was classified as a tropical depression by the Japan Meteorological Agency during August 16. The depression was subsequently classified as subtropical by the United States Joint Typhoon Warning Center during August 17, as its structure was asymmetric, with deep convection displaced to the north and east of the system's low level circulation centre.
Lionrock entered the Philippine Area of Responsibility on August 25, 2016, and PAGASA assigned Dindo as the local name for Lionrock. On August 29, Lionrock turned towards the northwest due to a high pressure system located east of Japan, putting it on an unprecedented path towards the northeastern region of the country. Right before weakening into a severe tropical storm at 18:00 JST (09:00 UTC) on August 30, Lionrock made landfall near Ōfunato, a city in Iwate Prefecture, Japan with winds of 75 mph (120 km/h). This makes Lionrock the first tropical cyclone to make landfall over the Pacific coast of the Tōhoku region of Japan since the Japan Meteorological Agency began record-keeping in 1951.
Lionrock's track was unusual due to the fact that the storm approached Japan from the southeast and made landfall along the east coast of the country. Most typhoons that hit Japan approach from the south or the southwest before moving northward across the archipelago. In fact, the only other storm to take a similar track was Typhoon Mac in 1989, which also approached from the southeast and struck Japan's Kantō region along its east coast.
Preparations
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzō Abe left a Japan-African development conference in Nairobi, Kenya early due to the threat of flight cancellations caused by the typhoon. Prior to Lionrock making landfall, a total of 100 flights were cancelled at airports in Tohoku and Hokkaido. Efforts were made to protect the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant from further damage, as it had been severely incapacitated following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. The amount of water being pumped at the facility was increased in order to minimize the risk of floods, and crane operations were suspended due to the threat of strong winds.
In eastern Russia, a storm warning was announced on 28 August by EMERCOM. All emergency services and troops were on high alert. Local authorities were informed on emergency procedures.
North Korea's Early Warning and Evacuation system was activated ahead of the storm, causing 44,000 people in flood-prone areas to be evacuated in North Hamgyong Province.
Impact
Japan
Upon making landfall on August 30, Lionrock brought very heavy rainfall, including at Mount Nukabira, in Hokkaidō Prefecture, and in Orito in Iwate Prefecture. In addition, a maximum wind gust of was recorded in Ishinomaki, and a wind gust was measured in Onagawa. Lionrock killed a total of 22 people across Japan, including 19 people in the town of Iwaizumi in Iwate Prefecture. Nine people drowned in a nursing home in Iwaizumi after a river burst its banks. In addition, there were at least three fatalities on the northern Japanese island Hokkaidō. Damage due to flooding were standing at JP¥282 billion (US$2.74 billion).
Russia
On 31 August, the storm hit Primorsky Krai. Heavy rainfall caused floods in several areas with 300 houses flooded in rural areas. Local rivers overflowed, several bridges were destroyed or damaged and several highways were affected by floods. A dam failure along the Pavlovka river caused floods in the Shumny and Antonovka villages. More than 1,000 inhabitants were evacuated and several evacuation camps were established in all affected areas, mostly in schools. The storm also caused power disruptions. 12,000 rescue workers were also deployed in the area.
The southern part of the Sakhalin was also affected. Several cars were struck by fallen trees and electricity was shut down in some houses. Heavy rain flooded Makarovsky and caused a landslide which blocked a highway and a railway. Two trains on the Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk-Nogliki line were cancelled and one of them, No. 604, was stopped in Poronaysk. In Vakhrushev, one of the cargo trains derailed. Hours later, the incident was fixed and its operations returned to normal. However, one fatality was reported during the incident. In addition, two EMERCOM officers (the chief of the Primorsky Krai department and their driver) died when their KAMAZ truck fell into the Pavlovka River. Lionrock was the worst typhoon to hit the Primorsky Krai region in 40 years, with total damage exceeds ₽7 billion (US$107 million).
China
A total of of agricultural land were impacted in China, including 53,500 hectares (132,200 acres) of crops which were destroyed due to floods. Damages in China are estimated to be CN¥7.21 billion (US$1.08 billion); most of which was inflicted on the agricultural sector.
North Korea
Lionrock interacted with a low pressure area over China to drop heavy rainfall in North Korea, mostly in North Hamgyong Province, considered by the state media Korean Central News Agency to be the "heaviest downpour since 1945". Over a two-day period, Kyonghung County recorded of rainfall. This caused flooding along the Tumen River and its tributaries, inundating about of farmlands just weeks ahead of the harvest, of which were wrecked.
The floods from Lionrock caused "a disaster beyond anything experienced by local officials", according to a local UNICEF representative, and were described as "a very major and complex disaster" by Chris Staines, head of the Red Cross Society of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The affected area had poor infrastructure and deforestation on hills, exasperating the floods' impacts. Entire villages were washed away, carrying away families' entire possessions. Three people trapped in floodwaters were rescued by two Chinese rescue boats. Over 35,500 houses were damaged, of which around 25,000 were destroyed, forcing 107,000 people from their homes; many of these people sheltered on higher grounds or in public buildings. Floods from Lionrock damaged another 8,700 non-residential buildings, including schools and public buildings. In Ryanggang Province, the heavy rains caused a five-story building to collapse, killing 34 people. In Hoeryong city, over 104,000 people lost access to clean water during the floods, and nationwide about 600,000 people were affected by water cuts. Musan and Yonsa counties were unreachable and had little communications, resulting in the slow spread of information on the disaster. The floods also washed away six bridges and of roads, with of road bed damaged. The floods related to Lionrock killed at least 525 people in the country.
Aftermath
After the floods, the North Korean government sent workers to clear roads and restore communications in the hardest hit areas. The government sent a truck from the capital Pyongyang with medical kits and vitamin supplements on September 5, and announced a plan to rebuild 20,000 houses by early October 2016. The Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea requested that party members redirected their efforts from a 200-day mass worker program intended to improve the economy, and instead send soldiers to help with flood relief. About 1,000 volunteers from the country's Red Cross chapter helped local workers in search and rescue missions. The agency had relief supplies for about 20,000 people, including tarpaulins, tents, kitchen sets, and water purification tablets. Red Cross workers coordinated with members of the international delegation between September 3–6, resulting in increased resources for health services. The local Red Cross launched an appeal for emergency aid in response to the disaster through the state media Korean Central News Agency. The government, which rarely releases information on disasters in the country, requested for aid from the international community, just days after a nuclear weapons test that led to calls for increased sanctions. The World Food Programme provided emergency food rations for 140,000 people in need of immediate assistance.
See also
Tropical cyclones in 2016
Typhoon Roke (2011)
Typhoon Wipha (2013)
Typhoon Noru (2017)
Typhoon Jongdari (2018)
2006 North Korean floods
2007 North Korean floods
2012 North Korean floods
References
External links
JMA General Information of Typhoon Lionrock (1610) from Digital Typhoon
12W.LIONROCK from the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory
2016 Pacific typhoon season
August 2016 events in Asia
Typhoons in Japan
Typhoons in North Korea
2016 in Japan
Lionrock
Bhaskar Yadram (born 18 September 1999) is a Guyanese cricketer. They made their List A debut for the West Indies Under-19s in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 25 January 2017. They made their first-class debut for Guyana in the 2016–17 Regional Four Day Competition on 21 April 2017.
In November 2017, they were named in the West Indies squad for the 2018 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They were the leading wicket-taker for the West Indies in the tournament, with 11 wickets.
In October 2019, they were named in the Windward Islands' squad for the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament. In June 2021, they were selected to take part in the Minor League Cricket tournament in the United States following the players' draft.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Guyanese cricketers
Guyana cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Harold Read "Harry" Hedditch (13 March 1893 – 23 May 1974) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Bridgewater to farmer William Forward Hedditch and Marian Nunn Jones. They became a bookkeeper and typist, and also ran the family farm at Portland from 1918. They became a real estate agent and also ran a garage. On 28 August 1921 they married Amy Elizabeth Gillies, with whom they had two children; they would later marry a second time, to Bernice Hope Boddington. They served on Portland Borough Council from 1933 to 1943 and was mayor from 1941 to 1943. In 1943 they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for Port Fairy and Glenelg; a Country Party member, they were an unendorsed candidate but joined the parliamentary party. Their seat was abolished in 1945 and they were defeated running for Portland. They were elected for Portland in 1947, and in 1949 resigned from the Country Party to join the Liberal and Country Party. They were defeated a second time in 1950. Hedditch died at Geelong East in 1974.
References
1893 births
1974 deaths
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
20th-century Australian politicians
Incomindios (International Committee for the Indigenous Peoples of the Americas) is a human rights organization that focuses on the rights of the native populations of North, South, and Central America. It is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland with a branch in London, UK.
The organization was founded in 1974 on the suggestion of members of the International Indian Treaty Council.
Since 2003, the organization has been given non-governmental organization status (Category II) at the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.
Today Incomindios Switzerland has over 1,000 members and is headquartered in Zürich.
Activities
Incomindios Switzerland was founded to give Indian groups access to the UN Working Group on Indigenous Populations in Geneva. This task continues through the efforts of a voluntary task force.
Other voluntary working groups are involved in efforts for the release of Leonard Peltier, against uranium mining in Indian lands, and for improved education and communications infrastructure for Indians.
The three key focuses of the organizations are:
Rights
Culture and education
Natural resources
External links
Official Site of Incomindios Switzerland
German Wiki run by Incomindios Switzerland about the Indians
Human rights organisations based in Switzerland
Indigenous rights organizations in Europe
Organisations based in Zürich
Midorikawa is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the name include:
Hikaru Midorikawa (born 1968), Japanese voice actor
Yōichi Midorikawa (1915–2001), Japanese photographer
Yuki Midorikawa (born 1976), Japanese manga artist
Fictional
Hana Midorikawa, secretary of the Underground Student Council from the manga/anime series Prison School.
See also
Midorikawa Station, Railway station on the Misumi Line, operated by Kyushu Railway Company in Uto, Kumamoto, Japan
Japanese-language surnames
The 1983 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 33rd season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Faisaly won its 18th title.
Teams
Map
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
League standings
no team relegated because the Football Association decided to increase the number of clubs to 12 teams in the 1984 season.
References
RSSSF
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Bereket is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Khuy may refer to:
Khuy, West Azerbaijan Province, a city in Iran
Khvan, a village in Iran
An obscene Russian, Ukrainian and Polish word
Khuy, a controversial song by the Russian punk band Instruktsiya po Vyzhivaniyu, written in 1989
Khuy, nomarch of Abydos during the reign of Pepi I Meryre in the 24th Century BC.
The meridian 74° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, South America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
It is the most populous meridian in the Americas and the second most populous west of Greenwich, being home to between 30.3 million and 31.2 million people as of 2019.
In Antarctica, the meridian defines the western limit of the Argentinian territorial claim, and passes through the Chilean and British claims – the three claims overlap.
The 74th meridian west forms a great circle with the 106th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 74th meridian west passes through:
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders"
! scope="col" width="120" | Co-ordinates
! scope="col" width="125" | Country, territory or sea
! scope="col" | Notes
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Arctic Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Nunavut — Ellesmere Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Nares Strait
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Baffin Bay
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Nunavut — Baffin Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Foxe Basin
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Nunavut — Air Force Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Foxe Basin
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Nunavut — Baffin Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Foxe Basin
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Nunavut — Baffin Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Hudson Strait
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Nunavut — Charles Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Hudson Strait
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Quebec – passing through Saint-Jérôme and Lake of Two Mountains
|-valign="top"
|
! scope="row" |
| New York New Jersey — from New York — Manhattan Island and Long Island, from
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Atlantic Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Lower New York Bay
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| New Jersey
|-valign="top"
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Atlantic Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing just east of Crooked Island, (at )
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Island of Acklins
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Atlantic Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Bight of Acklins
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Island of Acklins
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Atlantic Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing just east of (at )
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Caribbean Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Tiburon Peninsula, island of Hispaniola
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Caribbean Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Passing just east of Bogotá (at )
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Pacific Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Chiloé Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Gulf of Corcovado
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-valign="top"
|
! scope="row" |
| Chonos Archipelago, Taitao Peninsula (mainland), Merino Jarpa Island, mainland, and several islands in the Patagonic Archipelago
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Straits of Magellan
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Desolación Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Pacific Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Southern Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-valign="top"
|
! scope="row" | Antarctica
| The western limit of Argentine Antarctica, claimed by , and passing through Antártica Chilena Province, claimed by , and British Antarctic Territory, claimed by
|-
|}
See also
73rd meridian west
75th meridian west
References
w074 meridian west
Borders of Argentina
Daniel Laurence McNamara (28 March 1876 – 28 December 1947) was an Australian politician.
They were born at Pomborneit to farmer Michael McNamara and Mary Taff. They worked as a produce agent in Melbourne from 1906 to 1909, and in 1907 joined the Australian Workers' Union (AWU). They were involved in founding the Rural Workers Union in 1909 and represented both unions on the Trades Hall Council. From 1909 to 1947 they served on the Labor Party state executive. On 1 May 1915 they married Florence May Spinks, with whom they had three children. They were instrumental in the merger of the Rural Workers Union with the AWU and the Queensland General Workers Union (1912–13), and served on Berwick Shire Council from 1910 to 1910 (president 1906–07). In 1916 they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Council for Melbourne West Province, but their election was declared void two months later. They won election for Melbourne East Province in 1917. They were briefly Minister of Mines and Forests in 1924, and served as Assistant Minister of Health from 1931 to 1932. In 1937 their province was abolished and they moved to Melbourne Province. They were Minister of Lands, Forests and Water briefly in 1943. McNamara died at East St Kilda in 1947.
References
1876 births
1947 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
The Holmes Street Bridge, also known the Holmes Street Pedestrian Bridge, Old Shakopee Bridge, or Bridge 4175, is a historic truss bridge over the Minnesota River in Shakopee, Minnesota, United States. It is one of the state's only examples of a deck truss bridge. It was constructed in 1927 with parts manufactured by the Minneapolis Steel & Machinery Company. The bridge formerly carried US 169 and MN 101, and served as the principal river crossing for Shakopee. The Holmes Street Bridge was closed to vehicular traffic in 2005. It was rehabilitated in 2011 to carry a trail for pedestrians, cross-country skiers, and snowmobiles.
Description
The Holmes Street Bridge is long and wide. The bridge has four spans over the river and two approach spans over land on either end. The load-bearing structure consists of three parallel Warren trusses, an unusual configuration as two parallel trusses were the norm. Neoclassical elements appear on the bridge piers, abutments, and parapet railings.
History
The bridge was built to carry Minnesota State Highway 5, locally known within Shakopee as Holmes Street. The route was later redesignated U.S. Route 169/State Highway 101. In 2009 a new bridge was built a block to the east to carry the highways.
A study from 1985 had identified only 10 deck truss bridges built in Minnesota before 1946. The Holmes Street Bridge is the only road bridge of that number still standing.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010 for its state-level significance in the theme of engineering. It was nominated for its rare design type and its fabrication by an important Minnesota bridge manufacturer.
See also
List of crossings of the Minnesota River
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places listings in Scott County, Minnesota
References
External links
Holmes Street Bridge (Bridge 4175)
1927 establishments in Minnesota
Bridges completed in 1927
Buildings and structures in Scott County, Minnesota
Former road bridges in Minnesota
Metal bridges in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Scott County, Minnesota
Pedestrian bridges in Minnesota
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Transportation in Scott County, Minnesota
U.S. Route 169
Warren truss bridges in the United States
The Asian Football Confederation's 1977 AFC Women's Championship was the second AFC Women's Championship. It was held from 2 to 11 August 1977 in Taipei, Republic of China. The tournament was won by the Republic of China for the first time, who defeated Thailand in the final.
Entrants
Notes
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knock-out stage
Semi-final
Third place match
Final
Winner
See also
List of sporting events in Taiwan
External links
RSSSF.com
Women's Championship
AFC Women's Asian Cup tournaments
International association football competitions hosted by Taiwan
Afc
AFC Championship
AFC Women's Championship
AFC Women's Championship
The 62 Division is a division of the Sri Lanka Army. Established on 10 October 2010, the division is currently based in Galkulama in the Northern Province. The division is a part of Security Forces Headquarters – Wanni and has three brigades and six battalions. Major General D H M A Wijesighe USP NDC psc has been commander of the division since 18 October 2016. The division is responsible for of territory.
Organisation
The division is currently organised as follows:
621 Brigades
14th Battalion, Sri Lanka Light Infantry
17th Battalion, Sri Lanka National Guard
622 Brigades
9th Battalion, Gajaba Regiment (based in Nelumwewa, Northern Province)
27th Battalion, Gajaba Regiment (based in Pulmodai, Eastern Province)
623 Brigades
26th Battalion, Sri Lanka Sinha Regiment
11th Battalion, Gemunu Watch
References
2010 establishments in Sri Lanka
Military units and formations established in 2010
Organisations based in Northern Province, Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka Army divisions
Babatunde Luqmon Adekunle (born 10 October 1984 in Lagos) is a Nigerian footballer.
Career
Lukmon played as 20–year–old in the 2004–05 First League of Serbia and Montenegro with FK Borac Čačak and moved one year later to FK Vëllazërimi Kičevo in Macedonia. From June 2006 to December 2008, they were under contract by FK Rabotnički where they contributed a lot to the success of the team, playing a big part in the Qualifiers to the UEFA Champions League 2008–09.
On 22 December 2008, the Swiss Super League Club confirmed the signing of Lukmon on a four-and-a-half year contract with FC Luzern after a Swiss agent discovered them in a Champions League qualifying match against FC Inter Baku in Azerbaijan and brought them to FC Luzern. They got off to a sensational start with the team in the beginning of 2009.
In summer 2011, after having already played two league matches for Luzern in the 2011–12 season, Lukmon agreed to a one-year loan deal to play for SC Kriens in the Swiss Challenge League. At SC Kriens in the 2011–12 season they played 13 times in total for the club while on loan
On July 1, 2014 Adekunle signed for Swiss team Zug 94 having been released by FC Luzern. They scored their first goal for their new club against FC Grenchen in a 9-0 win.
Honours
FK Rabotnički
First Macedonian Football League: 2007–08
Macedonian Cup: 2007–08
FC Luzern
Swiss Cup Runner-Up: 2011-12
References
External links
Profile at Srbijafudbal
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lagos
Yoruba sportspeople
Association football defenders
Nigerian footballers
FK Borac Čačak players
FK Vëllazërimi 77 players
FK Rabotnički players
FC Luzern players
SC Kriens players
Swiss Super League players
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Serbia and Montenegro
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in North Macedonia
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in North Macedonia
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Shilpi () is a 1994 Bengali film. The film was directed by Nabyendu Chatterjee. The film was produced by National Film Development Corporation of India.
Plot
A man, who works at the house of Roy Bahadur, falls in love with their daughter. However, Roy Bahadur wants their daughter to marry their friend's son.
Cast
Anjan Dutt
Asit Bandyopadhyay
Meghnad Bhattacharya
Rita Dutta Chakraborty
Srilekha Mukhopadhyay
Awards
1995 Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards Best actor: Anjan Dutt
See also
Akaler Sandhane
References
External links
1994 films
Bengali-language Indian films
1990s Bengali-language films
Films directed by Nabyendu Chatterjee
The Awakino River is a river of the Kaipara District in Northland Region. It flows , generally south from the Awakino Stream, which rises on the Tutāmoe Range, to reach the Wairoa River on the eastern edge of Dargaville. The river is crossed by SH14 and the mothballed Dargaville Branch railway.
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "Bad creek", which accords with a 1981 description of "a slow, meandering drain through willows, swamp and flax lands, with little interest" and lined with muddy stop banks.
See also
List of rivers of New Zealand
References
Kaipara District
Rivers of New Zealand
Rivers of the Northland Region
The Bee Gees was the first EP released by the Bee Gees, it was released in September 1963 on Leedon label only in Australia. The songs were recorded in February and June 1963 on Festival Studios in Sydney.
The EP cover features the three brothers identically dressed in white shirts with dark ties, dark trousers, black winklepicker shoes and tartan waistcoats. The waistcoats are augmented by 'BG' lettering on the left side, which would become a trademark of their television appearances over the next two years.
The A-side of the record featured the songs that made up the group's second single. The B-side did the same with the tracks from their first single.
Track listing
All songs written by Barry Gibb.
Side One
"Timber!" – 1:46
"Take Hold of That Star" – 2:38
Side Two
"The Battle of the Blue and the Grey" – 2:05
"The Three Kisses of Love" – 1:46
Value
Because of the limited number of records actually pressed, this EP was recently valued at $3,500.00 and the second most valuable release in Australia.
References
1963 debut EPs
Bee Gees EPs
Three ships of the United States Navy have been named Downes, in honor of Captain John Downes.
, a , commissioned in 1915, transferred to the United States Coast Guard and finally sold in 1934.
, a , commissioned in 1936 and decommissioned in 1945.
, a , commissioned in 1971 and decommissioned in 1992.
United States Navy ship names
Circus Redickuless was a traveling circus created by punk-rock impresario Chicken John Rinaldi in 1995 in association with Michael Gump.
History
Formed in Los Angeles, largely with members of the LA and San Francisco Cacophony Society, the circus was formed on the premise of being completely without talent. No actual performers were allowed, only non-performers without any experience or desire to create professional acts. Original line up included the Amazing Jarico Reese (now of Cyclecide Bike Rodeo) the talentless magician, Speed Metal tap dance: two girls barely tap dancing to heavy metal, Dammit the Amazing Wonder Dog: Chicken John's pet dog that couldn't jump through a hoop, The Vegan Geek, Tall Pall (who's amazing skill was being tall), The Talking Mime, The Mad Cow (an angry Punk in a cow suit), The Flaming Vomiteer (developed by Steve Wilkerson ['96], wherein they would vomit on stage and set it on fire) and many other equally talentless acts.
The Circus Redickuless toured for four years in various forms with a revolving cast of troupe members.
The 1995 tour was documented in Phillip Glau's film called Circus Redickuless which subsequently won "Best Documentary" at the 1998 New York Underground Film Festival.
References
External links
Circuses
Performance artist collectives
1995 establishments in California
Culture of Los Angeles
Cacophony Society
Aaron James Lewis (born 26 June 1998) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for Newport County as a right back.  They are a Wales Under-21 international.
Early and personal life
Born in Swansea, Lewis is the nephew of former footballer Kenny Morgans.
Club career
Swansea City
Lewis began their career with Swansea City at the age of 9, making three appearances for their under-23 team in the EFL Trophy during the 2016–17 season, four appearances (with one goal) for the under-21 team in the EFL Trophy during the 2017–18 season, and three appearances (with one goal) for the under-21 team in the EFL Trophy during the 2018–19 season.
They moved on loan to Doncaster Rovers in January 2019. They made their professional debut on 2 February 2019, in a 1–1 League draw away at Portsmouth. They were praised by Grant McCann for their performance in that match. They were released by Swansea in July 2019.
Lincoln City
On 10 August 2019 Lewis signed a short-term contract with Lincoln City, making their debut on 13 August in Lincoln's 1–0 EFL Cup win at Huddersfield. On 13 January 2020, Lewis signed a new 18-month contract with Lincoln, lasting until summer 2021.
On 16 October 2020, Lewis joined Newport County on loan until 2 January 2021. They made their debut for Newport on 12 December 2020 in the starting line-up for the 2–1 League Two defeat against Leyton Orient.
On 1 February 2021 it was announced they had left Lincoln by mutual consent.
Newport County
A day later Lewis returned to Newport County, signing a contract until the end of the 2020–21 season. They scored their first goal for Newport on 20 April 2021 in the 2-0 League 2 win against Crawley Town. Lewis played for Newport in the League Two playoff final at Wembley Stadium on 31 May 2021 which Newport lost to Morecambe, 1-0 after a 107th-minute penalty. In June 2021 Lewis extended their Newport contract by a further two years.
International career
In May 2017, Lewis was named in the Wales under-20 squad for the 2017 Toulon Tournament. They featured in two of Wales' three group matches, against the Ivory Coast and Bahrain as Wales were eliminated in the group stage.
Lewis has represented Wales at under-21 level, winning 13 caps.
Career statistics
References
1998 births
Living people
Welsh footballers
Footballers from Swansea
Swansea City A.F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Wales under-21 international footballers
Lincoln City F.C. players
Newport County A.F.C. players
Wales youth international footballers
South Martin is an unincorporated community in Rutherford Township, Martin County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
History
A post office was established at South Martin in 1861, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1903. The community lies in southern Martin County, hence the name.
Geography
South Martin is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Martin County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
1861 establishments in Indiana
Sir John Friend or Freind (died 1696), was an English conspirator.
Life
Friend was the eldest son of John Friend, a brewer, who resided in the precinct of St. Katharine's, near the Tower of London. They followed their father's business. They built the "stately brewhouse" called the Phœnix in the Minories, and amassed considerable wealth. For a while they maintained a fine country residence at Hackney.
In 1683 Friend was appointed a commissioner of excise. As Colonel of the Honourable Artillery Company (HAC), Friend, on occasion of their feast, 26 June 1684, had the honour of entertaining James, Duke of York and Prince George of Denmark at a banquet in the Artillery Ground. Though a Protestant, they remained a faithful adherent of James II, by whom they were knighted 3 August 1685.
After the Glorious Revolution Friend was expelled from the HAC at a meeting held in February 1689–90, and lost their seat at the board of excise. However, by a treasury order dated 18 December 1690, they were relieved from the payment of excise duties. James sent them a colonel's commission to raise a regiment of horse against event of the French invading in Kent; but, observes Burnet, 'his purse was more considered than their head, and was open on all occasions as the party applied to him'. They refused, however, to take any share in the assassination plot against William III, although they kept the secret.
On the discovery of the conspiracy they were arraigned for high treason at the Old Bailey, 23 March 1696, and was denied the assistance of counsel by Chief-justice Sir John Holt. The Treason Act 1695 which allowed counsel in cases of treason came into operation two days later. Friend was convicted and sentenced to death. They protested that the witnesses against them "were Papists, and not to be believed against Protestants". They refused to betray their confederates to a committee of the House of Commons of England.
Together with Sir William Parkyns, Friend was executed at Tyburn 3 April 1696. They received absolution at the scaffold from three nonjuring clergymen. Friend's remains were barbarously set up at Temple Bar, 'a dismal sight,' says Evelyn, 'which many pitied'. Aylmer, the bookseller, for printing Friend's trial, 'wherein their lordship (i.e. Holt) is misrepresented,' was arrested by order of Holt in May.
Friend was twice married. According to Le Neve, "Mr. Gibbon, John, write a little pamphlet called the whole life & conversation of Sr Jo. friend." The name is spelt either "Freind" or "Friend".
References
Year of birth missing
1696 deaths
17th-century births
English knights
People executed at Tyburn
17th-century Protestants
People from Hackney Central
People executed under the Stuarts for treason against England
Executed people from London
Johann Georg Ahle (June 1651 – 2 December 1706) was a German composer, organist, theorist, and Protestant church musician.
Biography
Ahle was born at Mühlhausen. Their father was Johann Rudolph Ahle, who supplied them with early musical training. At the age of 23 they succeeded their late father at the post of organist at St. Blaise's in Mühlhausen; J.S. Bach would later hold this post. In 1671 their first book of arias was published, Neues Zehn Geistlicher Arien; all copies of this work are now lost, though a fragment survives. He, like their father, also became a city councilman in Mühlhausen. In 1680 they were named poet laureate by Emperor Leopold I.
Ahle's most well-known theoretical treatise was Johan Georg Ahlens musikalisches Gespräche (1695–1701), published in four volumes. Their works, many of which are lost, included sacred and secular choral works, as well as novels which incorporated songs or musical interludes.
Bibliography
Johann Georg Ahle, Schriften zur Musik [Music theoretical writings], edited by Markus Rathey, 2nd edition, Hildesheim: Olms, 2008
Markus Rathey, Johann Rudolph Ahle. 1625-1673. Lebensweg und Schaffen, Eisenach: Wagner, 1999
References
Don Randel, The Harvard Biographical Dictionary of Music. Harvard, 1996, p. 8.
1651 births
1706 deaths
German classical composers
German Baroque composers
German music theorists
German male classical composers
"Colorado" is a song by Czech singer Mikolas Josef. It was released as a Digital download on 29 November 2019 by Vivienne Records. The song was written by Mikolas Josef, who also produced the song with Corey Le Rue.
Critical reception
Antranig Shokayan from Wiwibloggs gave the song a positive review stating, "Musically, the evolution is apparent — their post-Eurovision singles have all had unique sounds. Nonetheless, Mikolas does what they do best, nailing slick choreography and oozing major sex appeal. Eurovision's Next Top Male Model knows what they want and they will cross any Colorado desert to get it."
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Colorado" was first released onto YouTube on 28 November 2019. The music video was directed by Marco Grillotti and Mikolas Josef.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
2019 singles
2019 songs
Mikolas Josef songs
The 2011 IRB Junior World Championship was the fourth annual international rugby union competition for Under 20 national teams, this competition replaced the now defunct under 19 and under 21 world championships. The event was organised by rugby's governing body, the International Rugby Board (IRB). The winners were New Zealand, who won all the competitions held since the inaugural year in 2008.
Venues
Four stadia will be used for this world cup. There will be four double header match days at the three smaller venues with the final to be played in Stadio Euganeo.
Teams
Pool stage
All times are local (UTC+2).
Pool A
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
|-
!width="200"|Team
!width="20"|Pld
!width="20"|W
!width="20"|D
!width="20"|L
!width="20"|TF
!width="20"|PF
!width="20"|PA
!width="25"|PD
!width="20"|BP
!width="20"|Pts
|-
|align=left|
|3||3||0||0||30||204||22||+182||3||15
|-
|align=left|
|3||2||0||1||12||90||106||−16||2||10
|-
|align=left|
|3||1||0||2||6||50||85||−35||0||4
|-
|align=left|
|3||0||0||3||1||16||147||−131||0||0
|}
Pool B
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
|-
!width="200"|Team
!width="20"|Pld
!width="20"|W
!width="20"|D
!width="20"|L
!width="20"|TF
!width="20"|PF
!width="20"|PA
!width="25"|PD
!width="20"|BP
!width="20"|Pts
|-
|align=left|
|3||3||0||0||11||82||51||+31||2||14
|-
|align=left|
|3||2||0||1||19||129||63||+66||3||11
|-
|align=left|
|3||1||0||2||7||73||92||−19||1||5
|-
|align=left|
|3||0||0||3||5||39||117||−78||0||0
|}
Pool C
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
|-
!width="200"|Team
!width="20"|Pld
!width="20"|W
!width="20"|D
!width="20"|L
!width="20"|TF
!width="20"|PF
!width="20"|PA
!width="25"|PD
!width="20"|BP
!width="20"|Pts
|-
|align=left|
|3||3||0||0||12||98||63||+35||2||14
|-
|align=left|
|3||2||0||1||10||95||52||+43||3||11
|-
|align=left|
|3||1||0||2||6||81||88||−7||0||4
|-
|align=left|
|3||0||0||3||3||31||102||−71||0||0
|}
Knockout stage
9–12th place play-offs
Semifinals
11th place game
9th place game
5–8th place play-offs
Semifinals
7th place game
5th place game
Finals
Semifinals
Third place game
Final
Statistics
Top point scorers
Top try scorers
References
External links
2011
2011 rugby union tournaments for national teams
2010–11 in Italian rugby union
International rugby union competitions hosted by Italy
rugby union
Bakri is a federal constituency in Muar District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1986.
The federal constituency was created in the 1984 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Bakri constituency is divided into 34 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Johor federal constituencies
Muar District
Yukarıbağdere is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Amina Yuguda is a Nigerian journalist from Yola, Adamawa state and news presenter with local network Gotel Television. They focus on profiling high stories on Northern Nigeria especially around the Boko Haram insurgency. They have won the 2019 BBC World News Komla Dumor Award.
They currently work at the American University of Nigeria as an Assistant Director in the office of the Vice President for University Relations.
Yuguda produced a mini-documentary series called The Real Africa.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Yeniköy, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Akhara is an organization of the different sects of sadhu, Vairaghi, yogi or Hindu renunciates.
Akhara may also refer to:
Akhara (album), the third album released by Punjabi Bhangra artist Kulwinder Dhillon
Akhara, Bhogpur, a village in Punjab, India
Akhada, a school for Indian wrestling
Akhada (book), the autobiography of the Indian wrestling coach Mahavir Singh Phogat
See also
Akhil Bharatiya Akhara Parishad
Nirmohi Akhara
Shri Dattatreya Akhara
Guru Hanuman Akhara
Nashipur Akhara
Orlando Dollente (born 24 October 1964) is a Filipino boxer. They competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Filipino male boxers
Olympic boxers of the Philippines
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Featherweight boxers
Tadas Labukas (born 10 January 1984 in Alytus) is a Lithuanian footballer, who lastly played for the Lithuanian A Lyga club FK Atlantas.
Career
Club
They were a striker for Arka Gdynia, having signed a two-year contract in July 2009. They were released from Arka Gdynia on 30 June 2011. But, after going on a brief trial, they joined Brann on a short term contract which could be extended. Before the start of the 2012 season Labukas joined the Latvian Higher League club Skonto Riga. They scored 11 goals in 28 league matches for their club, sharing the club's top scorer's honour with Valērijs Šabala. In January 2013 Labukas left Riga, joining the Russian First Division club Torpedo Moscow. In February 2014, they left Russia to join new A Lyga club FK Trakai. After successful season Tadas was signed by Polish I liga club Miedź Legnica, but after the season ended chose to return to Lithuania and help Trakai. In January 2017 Labukas decided to extend their contract with Lithuanian vice-champions, but it was terminated during the season.
Career statistics
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Alytus
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Lithuanian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
FK Atlantas players
FK Žalgiris players
FK Riteriai players
FC Dynamo Moscow reserves players
Vyzas F.C. players
ASC Oțelul Galați players
Shamakhi FK players
Arka Gdynia players
SK Brann players
Skonto FC players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
Miedź Legnica players
A Lyga players
Liga I players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Ekstraklasa players
Eliteserien players
Latvian Higher League players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Latvia
Ruslan Codreanu (born 15 October 1980) is a Moldovan politician and manager who was the acting mayor of Chișinău until early July, 2019. Between 2004 and 2008 they worked at the Ministry of Economy and Commerce. Between 2008 and 2015 they were a council at State council of government. Since 2015 they were a municipal council in Chișinău. In November 2007, they became deputy mayor of Chișinău. On 30 August Codreanu announced on Facebook that they would be running for the post of mayor of Chișinău as an independent candidate.
Biography
2013–2014: Hertie School of Governance, Berlin, Germany; Executive Certificate in public management
1998–2002: Babeș-Bolyai University, Cluj-Napoca, Romania; Graduate Diploma in history and economy of the European Union
Professional experience
July, 2015–November, 2017: Chișinău Municipal Council; municipal councilor, president of the PPEM faction;
March, 2015–present European Institute of Politics and Reforms; expert in the reform of Chișinău City Hall;
March, 2008–March, 2015: State Chancellery of the Government of the Republic of Moldova; head of the Directorate-General; Policy Co-ordination, External Assistance and Central Public Administration Reform since January, 2013;
March, 2004–March, 2008: Ministry of Economy and Infrastructure; head of the Economic Adjustments Division in the European Integration Process (2007–2008);
2006–2007: Deputy head of the Economic Adjustments Division in the European Integration Process;
2005–2006: Principal specialist in the Economic Adjustments Division in the European Integration Process.
Professional internships and conferences
International seminar "Contemporary Management in Public Administration", Jerusalem, Israel;
Training program "Regional Center for Public Administration Reform for Network Members", Turin, Italy;
International seminar "Central Public Administration Reform", Berlin, Germany.
Publications
"Civil society and the fight against corruption: Promoting effective anti-corruption policies by reforming the public sector and law enforcement authorities
"Thematic analysis on the implementation of the commitments of the Republic of Moldova in the field of Agriculture and Rural Development in accordance with the EU-Moldova Association Agreement (October 2014 - March 2016)"
References
External links
Ruslan Codreanu official Facebook page
Living people
1972 births
People from Hîncești District
Hertie School alumni
Rui'an (, Wenzhounese: zy iu) is a county-level city along the southern coast of Zhejiang province, China, and is under the administration of Wenzhou City. It has a population of 1,125,000 people and covers a land area of , when including water area. Natives of the city speak the Rui'an dialect of Wu Chinese.
Rui'an was recognized as the fourteenth development zone by the state department in 1987. Rui'an is also one of the top 100 cities for economic growth in China, and the people in Ruian are comparatively prosperous. There are 32 towns and villages under the administration of Rui'an city. In 1988, Ruian was listed by the State Council as one of the first counties and cities opening to the outside world, as well as one of the trial counties and cities for comprehensive economic reforms.
History
Rui'an, also known as Meitou, has a history which goes back to about 2000 BC, when it became known for its machine production. The historic city began its trade and commerce in ancient times and saw busy streets and flourishing businesses. In the 2nd century BC it was called the Kingdom of Dong'ou. Under the Tang Dynasty, it was promoted to prefecture status and given its current name in 675 AD.
Administrative divisions
Subdistricts:
Anyang Subdistrict (安阳街道), Jinhu Subdistrict (锦湖街道), Yuhai Subdistrict (玉海街道), Dongshan Subdistrict (东山街道), Shangwang Subdistrict (上望街道), Xincheng Subdistrict (莘塍街道), Tingtian Subdistrict (汀田街道), Feiyun Subdistrict (飞云街道), Xianfeng Subdistrict (仙降街道), Nanbin Subdistrict (南滨街道)
Towns:
Tangxia (塘下镇), Mayu (马屿镇), Taoshan (陶山镇), Huling (湖岭镇), Gaolou (高楼镇)
Economy
Rui'an has been a rich and prosperous city since ancient times. However, it was not until the practice of economic reform and opening that Rui'an regained its momentum. The people of Rui'an have been pioneers in many fields, especially in the development of China's market economy in the form of joint-stock system.
They set up the household contract responsibility system which would encourage the citizens to take lead in the household industries, and they tried their best to sell their products. Consequently, Rui'an experienced fast economic development. The government induced the rural entrepreneurs and shareholders to cooperate effectively. Many kinds of economic systems have been introduced in Rui'an, making regional development speedier. One such system is the famous “Wenzhou Pattern“, which became well known both in China and abroad.
In 2005, Rui'an ranked 39th place in comprehensive economic strength among the first 100 counties and cities of china. In the 20 square kilometer economic development zone at the provincial level, there is enthusiasm for capital investment in building Rui'an into a new urban area with comprehensive development of industry, trade, science and technology. Rui'an is also known for its production of plastics and auto accessories.
Transportation
The infrastructure of Rui'an has improved, with an ever-quickening pace of urbanization. Now, it has modernized traffic control, transportation and communication systems. The Wenzhou Yongqiang Airport, a 10,000-ton seaport and the local railway station are each less than 30 kilometers from the city proper. The coastal highway and the No. 104 state highway which run through the city, and the Rui'an station on the Wenzhou–Fuzhou railway are a few significant examples of developments in transportation in Rui'an.
Resources
As a coastal city, Rui'an is rich in natural resources and has several salt mines. Situated about 100 nautical miles away from the estuary of Feiyunjiang, there lies the seabed rich in crude oil and natural gas, which are now being prospected and planned to be excavated.
Notable people
Li Qiang (李强, born 1959), Party Secretary of Shanghai
Pan Wuyun (潘悟云, born March 1943) is a leading Chinese linguist and specialist in historical Chinese phonology
Pan Feihong (潘飞鸿, born 1989) Chinese rower from Rui'an who represented their country at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Zhang Wenhong (张文宏, born 1969) is a Chinese doctor
Zeng Liansong (曾联松, born 1917) was the designer of the Flag of the People's Republic of China
References
County-level cities in Zhejiang
Professor Alan J Sinclair (born 1952) is a clinical scientist and diabetes specialist from Newcastle-under-Lyme, England.
Early life
They were born in Newcastle-under-Lyme and was a pupil at Newcastle High School where they played rugby and cricket for the school, which they left in 1972
Education
Sinclair was a graduate of the University of London where they completed their Bachelor of Science degree with first class honours in biochemistry at St Bartholomew's Hospital Medical College in 1976 and then obtained MBBS medical degrees at the same institution in 1979. They were later awarded their doctorate (MD) in London in 1992 in and their Master of Medicine degree in 1993 at the University of Sydney, Australia. They became Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians in 1995.
Career and research
Sinclair has held full/honorary clinical professorial appointments in Birmingham, Warwick, Bedfordshire and Aston. They established the Institute of Diabetes for Older People (IDOP) in 1998 in Bedfordshire, and in 2014, set up Diabetes Frail Ltd. Their key research has centred on diabetes in older people, frailty, and sarcopaenia.
In 2001, Sinclair became Chair of the European Diabetes Working Party for Older People (EDWPOP), which later published the first European guidelines in diabetes care for older people. Between 2010 and 2013, Sinclair was National Clinical Lead for Diabetes in Older People at NHS Diabetes (Department of Health).
Sinclair launched the first-ever, England-wide Care Home Diabetes Audit in 2012 in gain evidence in order to improve the quality of care for people with diabetes living in care homes. The results were published in 2014.
In 2013, they were awarded the International Association of Gerontology and Geriatrics (IAGG) Presidential Medal for services to diabetes and older people. In 2014, they co-chaired the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) Working Party that later produced the first international diabetes guidance in those who are frail or demented.
They were appointed to the WHO Expert Group on Frailty in 2015 and later provided peer review support to a World Report on Ageing and Health by the WHO.
Also in 2015, Sinclair contributed to Care Quality Commission (CQC) guidelines to help improve the quality of care for people with diabetes living in care homes.
In autumn 2018, Sinclair was named 11th in a list of the UK's leading experts into diabetes based on the impact of research. The list is put together by Expertscape, a website that enables people to find the medical professionals and institutions who have the greatest knowledge about a particular medical problem.
References
External links
International Federation of Ageing (IFA) expert profile for Professor Alan Sinclair
1952 births
People from Newcastle-under-Lyme
English scientists
Living people
People educated at Newcastle-under-Lyme School
The St. Helena Seamount chain, also known as the St. Helena Seamounts, is an underwater chain of seamounts in the southern Atlantic Ocean. The chain has been formed by the movement of the African Plate over the Saint Helena hotspot.
References
Geography of Saint Helena
Seamount chains
Seamounts of the Atlantic Ocean
Geology of Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
.
John Fred Gourrier (May 8, 1941 – April 14, 2005), known by their stage name John Fred, was an American blue-eyed soul, swamp pop, rock and roll, and R&B performer from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, best known for the 1967 hit song "Judy in Disguise (With Glasses)".
Early life
John Fred was born on May 8, 1941 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, the son of John Fred Gourrier Sr. and Miriam Chaisson. They had two sisters: Ann Gourrier Kleinpeter and Kay Gourrier Begue.
Career
Their group, John Fred and the Playboys, was formed in 1956 when Fred was 15; their first charting single was March 1959's "Shirley". They appeared on Alan Freed's show, but when Dick Clark asked them to sing on American Bandstand, Fred had to turn Clark down because they had to play in a basketball game. Fred played basketball and baseball at Louisiana State University and Southeastern Louisiana University.
By 1967, the band was renamed John Fred & Their Playboy Band – to avoid confusion with Gary Lewis & the Playboys – and Fred and band member Andrew Bernard co-wrote "Judy in Disguise (With Glasses)", whose name is a parodic play on the title of The Beatles' song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds".
The song, issued by Louisiana-based Jewel Records on the Paula label, became successful, knocking "Hello, Goodbye", another Beatles song, out of the No. 1 chart position on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks in January 1968. It sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc. With the success of the single, John Fred & Their Playboy Band was branded as a novelty act and never had another major success. The follow-up single, "Hey, Hey, Bunny", peaked at No. 57 on the Billboard chart, and the band never again hit the Hot 100. Only after years of struggles did Fred obtain full legal rights to "Judy in Disguise" and its royalties.
Later life and death
Fred continued to perform in bands, coached high school basketball and baseball, remained a fixture at concerts and shows in their hometown, and hosted a popular local radio show, The Roots of Rock 'n' Roll. In 2002, they released their final album, Somebody's Knockin'''.
In 2004, Fred's health began to fail. Complications ensued after Fred received a kidney transplant, which culminated in a long hospital stay in New Orleans. They died on April 14, 2005, at the age of 63, and was survived by their wife, Sandra; a son, Kevin; Kevin's wife, Jodi; and a grandson, Jon Sterling Gourrier.
Awards
In April 2007, Fred was inducted into The Louisiana Music Hall of Fame. They have been inducted into the Delta Music Museum in Ferriday, Louisiana.
Singles discography
US charts are Billboard unless otherwise noted. * Record World singles chart. Agnes English'' was the band's only charting album in the US reaching 154 on the Billboard album chart in 1968.
References
External links
John Fred & Theirs Playboy Band
Horn Rock Heaven
1941 births
2005 deaths
American pop musicians
Swamp pop music
Jewel Records artists
Musicians from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Musicians from New Orleans
20th-century American musicians
Kidney transplant recipients
The rufous piculet (Sasia abnormis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, and Thailand.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. This species is one of the world's smallest woodpeckers and is the smallest woodpecker found outside the Americas. In this species the length can range from and the average body mass is around .
Description
The rufous piculet is a very small bird with short wings and an almost non-existent tail, ranging in length from . The upper parts are generally green tinted with bronze, and the underparts rufous, orange or cinnamon, with paler flanks. The mantle and back are olive, the wings are brownish above, and the underwings are buff. The stumpy tail is blackish above, edged with olive. The sexes are different; the male has a yellow or golden patch on the forehead whereas the female has a bronze patch. They also differ in that the female has a larger beak. The upper mandible in both sexes is blackish and the lower mandible yellowish. The iris is reddish and there is a pinkish or purplish ring of bare skin around the eye. The legs and feet are yellowish or orange, and this piculet has just three toes on each foot, (four being normal in the woodpecker family). The juvenile is rather more grey.
Distribution and habitat
The rufous piculet is native to tropical southeastern Asia. Its range extends from southern Myanmar, through Thailand and the Malay Peninsula to the Greater Sunda Islands and Borneo. It is a resident and sedentary species, generally restricted to the lowlands and hills, but at altitudes of up to about in Borneo. Its typical habitat is dense humid secondary forests with tangled undergrowth, vines, creepers, bamboos and dead and rotting trees, often near streams.
Ecology
The rufous piculet is an active bird moving singly or in small groups through the lowest storeys of the forest, usually not above from the ground. It forages on trunks and dead branches, on vines, in bushes, among bamboos and in tall grasses. It gleans scrupulously, probing into holes and pulling out insects with its long tongue. It sometimes works its way up a trunk in a crosswise fashion, making little flights so as to turn to face the other way, the several members of a group often working in synchrony. The diet consists of ants, their larvae, termites, small beetles, spiders and other small invertebrates.
In Borneo the breeding season is in February while in Malaysia, nestlings have been found in May and June. Sometimes the nest is in a hole in a dead branch, and at other times it may be in bamboo.
Status
The rufous piculet is a fairly common or common bird and has a very extensive range, estimated to be nearly . Its range extends from sea level up to about . No particular threats to this bird are known and the population is believed to be stable, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
rufous piculet
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Thailand
Birds of Malesia
rufous piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Columbia County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 24,552. The county seat is Magnolia. The county was formed on December 17, 1852, and was named for Christopher Columbus. The Magnolia, AR Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Columbia County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water. Columbia County is in South Arkansas. Columbia County, along with Union County, is home to the largest Bromine reserve in the United States.
Dorcheat Bayou flows through Columbia County from its origin in Nevada County southward into Webster Parish, Louisiana, before emptying into Lake Bistineau.
Adjacent counties
Nevada County (north)
Ouachita County (northeast)
Union County (east)
Claiborne Parish, Louisiana (southeast)
Webster Parish, Louisiana (south)
Lafayette County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 22,801 people, 8,562 households, and 5,559 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 25,603 people, 9,981 households, and 6,747 families residing in the county. The population density was 33 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 11,566 housing units at an average density of 15 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 62.08% White, 36.06% Black or African American, 0.26% Native American, 0.34% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.46% from other races, and 0.77% from two or more races. 1.05% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,981 households, out of which 30.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.90% were married couples living together, 15.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.40% were non-families. 29.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.03.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.10% under the age of 18, 12.30% from 18 to 24, 25.30% from 25 to 44, 21.40% from 45 to 64, and 15.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 90.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,640, and the median income for a family was $36,271. Males had a median income of $31,313 versus $20,099 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,322. About 15.80% of families and 21.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.70% of those under age 18 and 20.00% of those age 65 or over.
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Highway 79
U.S. Highway 82
U.S. Highway 371
Highway 19
Highway 98
Highway 160
Future Interstate 69
Airports
Magnolia Municipal Airport is a public-use airport in Columbia County. It is owned by the city of Magnolia and located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of its central business district.
Government
Over the past few election cycles Columbia County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Communities
Cities
Magnolia (county seat)
Towns
Emerson
McNeil
Taylor
Waldo
Unincorporated community
Atlanta
Big Creek
Brister
Bussey
Calhoun
Jefferson
Lamartine
Plainfield
Village
Walkerville
Welcome
Townships
Emerson (Emerson)
McNeil (McNeil)
Magnolia (Magnolia)
Taylor (Taylor)
Village
Waldo (Waldo)
Education
School districts include:
Emerson-Taylor-Bradley School District
Lafayette County School District - Formed in 2003 when the Lewisville School District and the Stamps School District merged.
Magnolia School District
Smackover-Norphlet School District - Formerly Smackover School District until the Norphlet School District merged into it in 2014
Former school districts:
The Emerson-Taylor School District formed in 2004 when the Emerson School District and the Taylor School District merged. It became the Emerson-Taylor-Bradley in 2013 after the Bradley School District merged into it.
Stephens School District - Dissolved in 2014, with the Magnolia district taking the portion in Columbia County.
Waldo School District - Merged into the Magnolia district in 2006.
See also
List of lakes in Columbia County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Arkansas
References
External links
Columbia County Sheriff's Office
1852 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1852
Round Britain Quiz (or RBQ for short) is a panel game that has been broadcast on BBC Radio since 1947, making it the oldest quiz still broadcast on British radio. It was based on a format called Transatlantic Quiz, a contest between American and British teams on which Alistair Cooke was an early participant.
The format of the quiz is that teams from various regions around the United Kingdom play in a tournament of head-to-head battles. In a half-hour programme, each team is given four multi-part cryptic questions, each worth up to six points, to be awarded on the host's judgement. The parts of the question are generally centred on a common theme, and a degree of lateral thought is necessary to score full marks.
One question for each team has a music or sound component, and another is submitted by listeners. Points are awarded to each team by the host/quizmaster. Team members may ask questions, to narrow the field; but the more they ask, or the more clues the host supplies to assist them, the fewer marks the team will score.
Until 1995, there was a "resident London team" which was challenged by teams from other parts of the UK (and sometimes the Republic of Ireland). There were two hosts, one with each team. In the 1950s, the hosts were Gilbert Harding and Lionel Hale. Later hosts, in various combinations, included Roy Plomley, Jack Longland, Anthony Quinton, Louis Allen, and, for many years, Gordon Clough.
The programme was formally taken out of production after the death of Gordon Clough in 1996, but was revived a year later with a single chairperson and a new format of six teams playing four matches each. From 1997 it was hosted by broadcaster Nick Clarke until their death in 2006. They were succeeded at the start of the 2007 series by Tom Sutcliffe. In January 2022 the BBC announced that Kirsty Lang would take over hosting from the series starting in March 2022
Regional contestants have included Irene Thomas, John Julius Norwich, Fred Housego, Brian J. Ford, Patrick Hannan and Philippa Gregory. Current contestants include Marcus Berkmann, David Edwards, Adèle Geras, Stuart Maconie, Val McDermid, Paul Sinha and Frankie Fanko.
The original theme tune was "Radioscopie" by Georges Delerue. The current theme tune is "Scherzo and Trio" performed by the Penguin Cafe Orchestra. One one occasion Gilbert Harding woke up naked and terrified in the North British Hotel in Edinburgh, their one-night stand having stolen their wallet, their clothes, and all the questions for that week's Round Britain Quiz.
Puzzles like those in Round Britain Quiz (a series of cryptic clues linked by a common theme) have appeared in written form in publications such as BBC MindGames Magazine.
External links
Brief history
UK Game Shows - Round Britain Quiz
References
1947 radio programme debuts
BBC Radio 4 programmes
British radio game shows
1940s British game shows
1950s British game shows
1960s British game shows
1970s British game shows
1980s British game shows
1990s British game shows
2000s British game shows
2010s British game shows
MacArthur or Macarthur may refer to:
Places
Macarthur, Australian Capital Territory, a suburb of Canberra, Australia
Macarthur, New South Wales, a region of Metropolitan Sydney, Australia
Division of Macarthur
Macarthur railway station
Macarthur, Victoria, Australia
MacArthur, Leyte, Philippines
MacArthur, West Virginia, U.S.
Other uses
MacArthur (surname)
Douglas MacArthur, a U.S. General of the Army
Clan Arthur (also known as Clan MacArthur), a Scottish clan
MacArthur (1977 film), a movie biography of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur
MacArthur (1999 film), a two-part television documentary film about Douglas MacArthur
INSS MacArthur, a fictional starship featured in the science fiction novel The Mote in God's Eye
Fort MacArthur, a former military base in Los Angeles
Long Island MacArthur Airport, Suffolk County, New York
Macarthur (novel), a novel by Bob Ong
MacArthur Center, shopping mall in Norfolk, Virginia
MacArthur Fellows Program, fellowship/grant awarded by the MacArthur Foundation
MacArthur Foundation, private, independent grantmaking institution
MacArthur Freeway, segment of Interstate 580
MacArthur Park, western Los Angeles, California
"MacArthur Park" (song), a song based on the Los Angeles park
Macarthur Rams FC, an Australian semi-professional football club based in Campbelltown, New South Wales, Australia
Macarthur FC, an Australian professional football club based in South Western Sydney, New South Wales.
See also
General MacArthur, Eastern Samar, Philippines
John D. MacArthur Beach State Park, West Palm Beach, Florida
MacArthur Boulevard (disambiguation), multiple uses
McArthur (disambiguation)
Jefferson L. Byrd (born June 16, 1971) is an American politician from New Mexico.  They are a member of the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission from the 2nd district, which covers Chaves, Colfax, Curry, De Baca, Eddy, Guadalupe, Harding, Lea, Quay, Roosevelt, and Union Counties, and parts of Bernalillo, Lincoln, Mora, Otero, San Miguel, Santa Fe, and Torrance Counties.
Early life and education
Byrd grew up on their family's ranch in Mosquero, New Mexico and attended Mosquero High School. They graduated from New Mexico State University in 1995 with a B.A. in agricultural engineering. They worked as an environmental engineer in the oil refining industry for fourteen years and owns two small businesses, including a ranch in Northern New Mexico.
Career
A member of the Republican Party, Byrd ran for the U.S. House of Representatives in New Mexico's 3rd congressional district in 2012 and 2014, both times losing to incumbent Democratic Congressman Ben Ray Luján. In 2018, Byrd won the Republican nomination for Public Regulation Commissioner from the 2nd district over Jerry Partin, 54–46%. They defeated Democratic nominee Kevin Sanders 62-38% in the general election.
References
External links
Jefferson Byrd – Ballotpedia profile
New Mexico Public Regulation Commission – official site
1971 births
21st-century American politicians
Businesspeople from New Mexico
Environmental engineers
Living people
New Mexico Republicans
New Mexico State University alumni
People from Tucumcari, New Mexico
Ranchers from New Mexico
Candidates in the 2012 United States elections
Candidates in the 2014 United States elections
Share This Place: Stories and Observations is a collaborative album between Mirah and Spectratone International (Lori Goldston and Kyle Hanson), released on K Records in 2007. The subject matter revolves around the lives of insects. Stop motion films by Britta Johnson were also a part of the project, which received a positive reception in publications such as AllMusic and Pitchfork Media.
Production
For the 2007 album, Mirah collaborated with Spectratone International, an ensemble formed by former Black Cat Orchestra founder and cellist Lori Goldston and accordionist Kyle Hanson. The songs are about the lives of insects. The project was inspired by the writing of 19th century entomologist and poet J. Henri Fabre, as well as The Insect Play by Karel Čapek. It was released on K Records.
Reception
According to AllMusic, "Share This Place begins with an interesting concept that becomes something richer than might be expected. Paired with Johnson's films and in their own right, [the songs] are intricate and beautifully made, giving a larger scale to the big events in these tiny lives -- birth, death, mating, eating, sacrifice, survival -- while keeping the details that make them fascinating."
Track listing
Personnel
Mirah Yom Tov Zeitlyn - writing
Lori Goldston - writing
Kyle Hanson - writing
Britta Johnson - short films of stop-motion animation
References
External links
MirahMusic.com
Mirah albums
2007 albums
K Records albums
Gustaf Wilhelm Hammar (Gustav Vilhelm Hammar) (June 22, 1893 – August 19, 1954) was a Swedish-born American experimental physicist. They were the eldest of six children of Anders Vilhelm Hammar and Elin Christina Hammar (née Olsson). They emigrated to the United States in 1913, attended Bethel University in St. Paul, Minnesota, and by 1920 was married and living with their wife, Louise (with whom they were ultimately to have four children), in King County, Washington.
They obtained their M.S. degree at the University of Idaho in 1924 and a Ph.D. from the California Institute of Technology in 1927. Their Ph.D. dissertation topic was titled "Magnetic Susceptibilities of Some Common Gases."
They returned to the University of Idaho in 1926 to teach, and became the head of the physics department in 1930, a position that they held for sixteen years. They led a productive materials science laboratory and was mindful of practical applications of their research—for example, as an extension of their researches in photoelectricity, they and their student Lawrence W. Foskett developed a telephone using light instead of copper wire for transmitting signals. At present, however, Hammar is best remembered for an experiment that was quite outside of their main area of research, the Hammar experiment, a test of the validity of special relativity.
In 1946, they joined the Eastman Kodak Company as a senior supervising physicist with the Navy Ordnance Division. During this period with Kodak, they worked on various military projects. They developed infrared photosensitive cells for use in night-vision gun sights, and time-delayed fuses for use in unattended firearms intended to mislead the enemy into believing that large forces of men are concentrated in areas where they actually are not (patents 2547820, 2601135, 2917413, 2958802, 3063862, 3067330). In 1953, they were honored for their research in physics with fellowship in the American Physical Society.
References
Experimental physicists
1893 births
1954 deaths
Swedish emigrants to the United States
University of Idaho alumni
California Institute of Technology alumni
Bethel University (Minnesota) alumni
University of Idaho faculty
Now What with Ryan Duffy is an online docuseries fronted by former Vice correspondent Ryan Duffy, focused on global problems and their innovative solutions; the show premiered online on 15 October 2015, with an initial run of 10 episodes.
The show was one of a slate of 12 new shows added by The Huffington Post in 2015 as part of their strategy of video expansion under AOL New Front; site founder Arianna Huffington cited the riots in Baltimore following the death of Freddie Gray as an example of the kinds of solution-based situations Duffy's program would address, criticizing existing coverage as creating "copycat crimes instead of copycat solutions." Duffy describes the show as having a two-act structure, first exploring a global problem, then a second act exploring the solution and a character-driven depiction of the people working on the solution.
References
External links
Further reading
Documentary web series
Documentary television series about science
2015 web series debuts
HuffPost
AOL
Denver David Hargis (July 22, 1921 – March 16, 1989) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas from 1959 to 1961.
Born in Key West, Florida, their maternal grandfather and grandmother were each from Spain and England. In 1922, when Hargis was one year old, their parents moved to Coffeyville, Kansas. They attended Coffeyville schools. They enlisted in the United States Navy in January 1941 and served until October 1943.
They graduated from Washburn University, Topeka, Kansas, with a B.A. in 1946, and from its law school, with a LL.B. in 1948. They were admitted to the bar in 1948 and commenced their practice of law in Coffeyville, Kansas.
In February 1949, they were appointed district supervisor of the Census Bureau for the Third District of Kansas. They were promoted to administrative officer for Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska, and was later promoted to regional assistant and served until December 1950. They served as mayor of Coffeyville, Kansas from 1953 to 1958. They were appointed by Governor Docking as a member of the Arkansas River Basin Committee 1957-59. They served as delegate at large to Democratic National Convention in 1960. They were an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1956 to the Eighty-fifth Congress.
Hargis was elected as a Democrat to the Eighty-sixth Congress (January 3, 1959 – January 3, 1961). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1960 to the Eighty-seventh Congress. They served as a consultant for the Department of Defense from 1961 to 1962, and the Department of Commerce from 1962 to 1966. They were the manager and later owner of several title insurance companies in Florida until their retirement in 1985.
On October 17, 1965, Hargis's estranged wife, Charlene June Hargis, shot and killed the couple's four children, three daughters and one son, at their Laurel, Maryland apartment. The former member of congress was living with another woman in Vienna, Virginia at the time. Charlene Hargis was charged with four counts of murder and pleaded insanity. While at Spring Grove Hospital, they attempted suicide by slashing their wrists and had to be sedated. They were found guilty of lesser charges of manslaughter and was sentenced to four concurrent terms of ten years in prison.
They were a resident of Sarasota, Florida until their death there in 1989. Hargis was buried at Arlington National Cemetery, Section 37, Grave 921.
References
1921 births
1989 deaths
20th-century American politicians
People from Coffeyville, Kansas
People from Key West, Florida
People from Sarasota, Florida
Military personnel from Florida
Military personnel from Kansas
Washburn University alumni
Mayors of places in Kansas
Florida Democrats
Kansas lawyers
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American people of English descent
American politicians of Spanish descent
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
20th-century American lawyers
The International School for Advanced Studies (Italian: Scuola Internazionale Superiore di Studi Avanzati; SISSA) is an international, state-supported, post-graduate-education and research institute in Trieste, Italy.
SISSA is active in the fields of mathematics, physics and neuroscience, offering both undergraduate and post-graduate courses.
Each year, about 70 PhD students are admitted to SISSA based on their scientific qualifications. SISSA also runs master's programs in the same areas, in collaboration with both Italian and other European universities.
History
SISSA was founded in 1978, as a part of the reconstruction following the Friuli earthquake of 1976. Although the city of Trieste itself did not suffer any damage, physicist Paolo Budinich asked and obtained from the Italian government to include in the interventions the institution of a new, post-graduate teaching and research institute, modeled on the Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa. The school became operative with a PhD course in theoretical physics, and Budinich themselves was appointed as general director.
In 1986, Budinich left their position to Daniele Amati, who at the time was at the head of the theoretical division at CERN. Under their leadership, SISSA expanded its teaching and research activity towards the field of neuroscience, and instituted a new interdisciplinary laboratory aiming at connecting humanities and scientific studies.
From 2001 to 2004, the director was the Italian geneticist Edoardo Boncinelli, who fostered the development of the existing research areas. From 2004 to 2010, the director was the Italian physicist Stefano Fantoni. Their period as director has been characterized by the design and construction of the new SISSA location. Other directors were appointed in the following years, which saw the strengthening of SISSA collaboration with other Italian and European universities in offering master's degree programs in the three areas of the School (mathematics, physics and neuroscience).
Physicist Stefano Ruffo served as the director from 2015 until 2021, when they were succeeded by Andrea Romanino.
Campus
Until July 2010, the school was located near the Miramare Park and marine reserve, about 10 kilometres from the city centre. The Miramare campus still hosts the ICTP (International Center for Theoretical Physics) and the Department of Theoretical Physics of the University of Trieste.
The campus is located in the borough of Opicina; it is accessible by bus 38 of Trieste transporti. The campus is also equipped with a canteen, a kindergarten, a gym, as well as an open air theatre, which is used for shows, conferences and activities for the wider public.
Departments
SISSA houses the following research groups in the field of Astroparticle Physics, Astrophysics, Condensed Matter, Molecular and Statistical Biophysics, Statistical Physics, Theoretical Particle Physics, Cognitive Neuroscience Neurobiology, Molecular Biology, Applied Mathematics, Geometry Mathematical Analysis, and Mathematical Physics
In addition, there is the Interdisciplinary Laboratory for Natural and Humanistic Sciences (ILAS - Laboratorio Interdisciplinare Scienze Naturali e Umanistiche), which is endowed with the task of making connections between science, humanities, and the public. Since 1992 it also organizes a course in Science Communication and Scientific journalism.
SISSA also enjoys special teaching and scientific links with the International Centre for Theoretical Physics, the International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology and the Elettra Synchrotron Light Laboratory. Ruffo signed a partnership with the International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology to set up a new PhD program in Molecular Biology, with teaching activity organized by both institutions.
SISSA operates a 100 teraFLOPS supercomputer in partnership with the neighboring International Centre for Theoretical Physics. Moreover, it hosts a specialized library, a parallel Calculus Centre, several cellular-neurobiology laboratories, confocal microscopy and electronic microscopy facilities and multiple cognitive-neuroscience laboratories, which are also available to faculty and students of other scientific institutions in the Trieste area.
Ranking
According to the last aggregate data issued by ANVUR - the Italian National Agency for the Evaluation of the University and Research Systems - SISSA ranks:
first among medium-sized universities and research centers in physical science, with a 22% positive variance in the number of products compared to the Italian average;
first among small-sized universities and research centers in biological science, owing to the activity carried out in neuroscience, with a 64% positive variance;
second among small-sized universities in mathematical and computer science. With reference to the latter, the positive variance in the scientific production corresponded to 46% compared to the national average, placing SISSA 1% away from the Scuola Normale di Pisa.
Publications
SISSA publishes or sponsors several scientific journals and conference proceedings:
Journal of High Energy Physics (JHEP), with Springer, a peer-reviewed journal in particle physics
Journal of Cosmology and Astroparticle Physics (JCAP), with IOP Publishing, a journal in physical cosmology and astroparticle physics
Journal of Statistical Mechanics: Theory and Experiment (JSTAT), with IOP Publishing, a peer-reviewed journal in statistical mechanics
Journal of Instrumentation (JINST), with IOP Publishing, a peer-reviewed journal in instrumentations for particle accelerators
Journal of Science Communication (JCOM), with IOP Publishing, a peer-reviewed journal in popular science
Proceedings of Science (PoS), self-published, a non-peer-reviewed series of conference proceedings
See also
List of Italian universities
Notes
External links
SISSA Website
Trieste System
Graduate schools in Italy
Trieste
Educational institutions established in 1978
Education in Friuli-Venezia Giulia
1978 establishments in Italy
Neuroscience research centers in Italy
Theoretical physics institutes
International School for Advanced Studies
Thanu Krishna Murthy (born 13 August 1924), better known as T. K. Murthy, is an Indian mridangam player. A Padma Shri and Sangeetha Kalanidhi awardee.
Personal life
Murthy was born on 13 August 1924, to Thanu Bhagavathar and Annapurni. Murthy started playing mridangam at the age of eight, without any formal training. When Thanjavur Vaidyanatha Iyer, a mridangam virtuoso and the founder of the Thanjavur style of mridangam, happened to listen to Murthy performing at a concert, they were impressed and decided to train Murthy. Vaidyanatha Iyer took Murthy to Tanjore, where Palghat Mani Iyer and Thambuswami (brother of eminent Carnatic vocalist T. M. Thiagarajan), were also undergoing training.
Murthy's family was full of court musicians and they are the fifth generation of musicians. The family has been in music continuously for 7 generations now. Their son T.K. Jayaraman was a music composer at All India Radio and grandson Karthikeya Murthy is a film music composer.
Career
Murthy made their debut at the age of eleven, at Coimbatore, in a concert of Musiri Subramania Iyer with Karur Chinnaswami Iyer on violin and Tanjore Vaidyanatha Iyer on mridangam. Murthy has performed in more than 15,000 concerts. In a career spanning over 80 years, Murthy has accompanied eminent artistes from several generations. Some of the notable artistes with whom Murthy has performed include Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar, Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar, Chembai Vaidhyanatha Bagavathar, Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer, M. S. Subbulakshmi, Madurai Somasundaram, D. K. Jayaraman, M. Balamuralikrishna, Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan, Lalgudi Jayaraman, T. V. Sankaranarayanan and U. Srinivas. Although Murthy is a staunch follower of the Thanjavur style of mridangam, they were highly influenced by the artistry of the legendary Palani Subramaniam Pillai of the Pudukottai school of mridangam playing. This blend of the Thanjavur and Pudukottai schools has become the hallmark of T.K.Murthy's special style. Their style also incorporates highly calculative patterns delivered with striking clarity and suddenness.
Recognition
Murthy has received honors and awards including the following:
Laya Ratnakara from Sivananda Saraswati, Rishikesh,
Kalaimamani from the T.N. Iyal Isai Nataka Mandram,
Mridanga Bhoopathy from Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavathar,
Mridanga Bhooshanam from Sri Sankaracharya of Kanchipuram,
Sangeet Natak Academy Award in 1987,
Palghat Mani Iyer Award by Percussive Arts Centre, Bangalore,
Tala Vilas Award by Sur Singar Samsad, Bombay,
Kerala Sangeet Nataka Academy Fellowship,
Sangeetha Kalanidhi of The Music Academy.
Sangeet Natak Academy Fellowship, 2010 (See
Padma Shri by the Government of India, 2017
They were the Asthana Vidwan in Trivandrum Palace.  They are a graded "National Artiste" of Prasar Bharathi.
References
External links
1922 births
Living people
Mridangam players
Tamil musicians
Recipients of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
Sangeetha Kalanidhi recipients
Recipients of the Padma Shri in arts
The Quatuor brillant in A major, is a composition for violin and string trio by Joseph Kreutzer, dedicated to the composer's father. The work was first published by Simrock perhaps around 1815.
Structure
The composition is in three movements:
Allegro
Adagio
Rondo
External links
Compositions for string quartet
Compositions in A major
Gates is a surname, and may refer to:
Gates family
The Gates family of Seattle, Washington. Members of this family include:
Bill Gates (born 1955), Co-founder of Microsoft and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation
Melinda French Gates (born 1964), American philanthropist, ex-wife of Bill Gates
William H. Gates, Sr. (1925-2020), American attorney and philanthropist, Bill's father
Mary Maxwell Gates (1929-1994), American philanthropist, Bill's mother
Mimi Gardner Gates (born 1942), American art historian, William Sr.'s second wife
Athletes
Antonio Gates (born 1980), American football player
Barbara Gates (1934–2000), American baseball player
Bobby Gates (born 1985), American golf player
Brent Gates (born 1970), American professional baseball player
Clyde Gates (born 1986), American football player
DeMarquis Gates (born 1996), American football player
George Gates (footballer) (1883–1960), English footballer
Kaiser Gates (born 1996), American basketball player for Hapoel Jerusalem of the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Leonard Gates (born 1970), American darts player
Lionel Gates (born 1982), American football player
Mathew Gates (born 1975), American figure skater
Pop Gates (1917–1999), American basketball player
Yancy Gates (born 1989), American basketball player
Civil servants
Artemus Gates (1895–1976), American financier and Undersecretary of the Navy during World War II
Charles W. Gates (1856–1927), 20th century governor of Vermont
Daryl Gates (1926–2010), American police officer best known as Los Angeles police chief
Francis H. Gates (1839–1925), New York state senator
Mickey Gates (born 1959), member of the Arkansas House of Representatives
Ralph F. Gates (1893–1978), governor of Indiana 1945-1949
Robert Gates (born 1943), former president of Texas A&M, former CIA director, 22nd United States Secretary of Defense
Seth Merrill Gates (1800–1877), 19th century American politician
Thomas Gates (disambiguation), several people
Sir Thomas Gates (governor) (1585–1621), Governor of colonial Virginia
Thomas S. Gates, Jr. (1906–1983), American politician
Other people
Bill Gates (frontiersman), participant in the Klondike Gold Rush
Charles Gates, Jr. (1921–2005), of the Gates Rubber Company
Charles Gilbert Gates (1876–1913), American stock broker
Christopher T. Gates, American philanthropist
Crawford Gates, American composer and musician
David Gates (born 1940), singer-songwriter
David Gates (author) (born 1947), author-journalist
Debbie Gates, British television writer-producer
Deborah Gates, American actor
Frank Gates (1920–1978), American professional basketball player
Frank Caleb Gates (1887–1955), American botanist and plant ecologist
Frank P. Gates (1895–1975), American architect
Frederick Taylor Gates, American Baptist minister and advisor to the Rockefeller family
Gareth Gates, British pop musician
Giacomo Gates, American jazz musician
Henry Louis Gates, Jr. (born 1950), American scholar
Hilliard Gates, American sports journalist
Horatio Gates (1726–1806), Revolutionary War American general
Ivan R. Gates (1890–1932), American aviator and entrepreneur
J. Gabriel Gates, American author
John Gates, American political activist
John Gates (courtier), 16th century English soldier and courtier
John Warne Gates, American industrialist
Julius W. Gates, onetime Sergeant Major of the U.S. Army
Ken Gates, pseudonym for American voice actor Rodger Parsons
Kevin Gates (born 1986), American rapper
Larry Gates, American actor
Lee Gates (1937–2020), American blues guitarist, singer, and songwriter
Merrill Edward Gates, American scholar
Nancy Gates (1926–2019), American actor
Phyllis Gates, wife of Rock Hudson
Raydon Gates, Australian navy admiral
Rick Gates (Internet pioneer), American software developer
Rick Gates (political consultant), American political consultant and lobbyist
Robert Franklin Gates) (1906–1982), American artist and professor
Robert McFarland Gates (1883–1962), American engineer
Sylvester James Gates, American theoretical physicist
Synyster Gates, American guitarist
Theophilus Gates (1787–1846), American religious leader
Tucker Gates, American television director
Vickie Gates, American female bodybuilder
William Gates (basketball), protagonist from the 1994 movie Hoop Dreams
William Thomas George Gates (1908–1990), business person
Fictional characters
Conrad Gates, fictional British television character
Elsa Gates, fictional British television character
Jack Gates, fictional British television character
Tony Gates, fictional American television character
Benjamin Franklin Gates, in the National Treasure franchise, played by Nicolas Cage
(Unknown) Gates, fictional anime character
See also
Gaetz, surname
English-language surnames
fr:Gates#Personnalités
The Morisco is the 2011 novel by the Moroccan novelist, historian, and politician, Hassan Aourid It was published by Dar Abi Raqraq publishing in Rabat. The novel is a historical tragedy that was originally written in French under the title (Le Morisque). The novel consists of 300 pages. It was translated into Arabic by the Moroccan writer and novelist, Abdel Karim Jouieti, and it was printed by the Arab Cultural Center. The author stated that they wrote (The Morisco) in French, and they wished it got translated into Spanish because it is relevant to the Spaniard, but that did not happen, despite signing a contract with a Spanish translating publisher, due to financial obstacles.
The novel is a rewriting of the biography of Ahmad Shahabul Dein Afoqay, the writer of Naseru Dein Alal Qawmil Kafireen (The Triumpher of Religion Over Infidels) who escaped Andulsia to Morocco to take refuge in Ahmad al-Mansur the Saadi Sultan of Morocco and their son's thrones.
They rewrote the biography in a modern novelistic way, relying on history and resorting to the imagination to full any gaps in the original biography. The novel navigates important historical causes and issues, like the cause of the Moriscos and its repetition throughout history. As well as the cause of oppressing under the excuse of religion, the cause of civilization and cultural coalition, conversation between religions and religious belonging, and people's revolutions.
The novel is set between 1597-1942, and in it, Shahabul Dein talks about the hard times the Moriscos were facing, especially after the fall of Andalusia and Granada.
Shahabul Dein is one of the Moriscos who chose to go to Morocco from Spain after losing all they have. The second part conveys their story with immigration and how they were able to reconstruct themselves and become a writer for the Saadi Sultan, Ahmad Mansur Ath-Thahabi, and here we find out the hardships they faced.
References
20th-century Moroccan novels
2011 novels
The 1903 Franklin Athletic Club football season was their third and final season in existence. The team finished with a record of 12-0. The team was named the top football team in the United States. Franklin went on to win the 1903 World Series of Football, held in December, at Madison Square Garden and did not give up a score all season.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Franklin Athletic Club football seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
May Day is an early 17th-century stage play, a comedy written by George Chapman that was first published in 1611.
May Day enters the historical record when it was printed in a quarto edition by the stationer John Browne. This was the sole edition of the play prior to the 19th century. The title page of the 1611 quarto identifies Chapman as the author, and states that the play was acted at the Blackfriars Theatre, meaning it was performed by the Children of the Blackfriars, the troupe of boy actors that staged most of Chapman's early comedies.
Date
The date of the play's authorship and stage premier is a matter of dispute among scholars. The play's text shows a number of references, allusions, and borrowings from dramas current around the turn of the century, like John Marston's Antonio's Revenge (1600); the play's parodies of passages in Hamlet, including the famous soliloquy, have been widely noted by commentators. So, some critics have agreed with Chapman scholar T. M. Parrott in favouring a date of c. 1601-2. Yet the text also shows links with works current almost a decade later, like Thomas Dekker's The Gull's Hornbook (1609). One solution for this contradiction is the hypothesis, offered by Parrott, that Chapman wrote the play c. 1601-2 and then revised it for a new production c. 1609. This hypothesis, while certainly possible, has also been received with a measure of scepticism.
Plot and source
Chapman based the plot of May Day, and its Venetian setting, upon a Commedia erudita by Alessandro Piccolomini called Alessandro (1544). The story, as adapted by Chapman, is a complex, crowded, multiple-plot tangle of intrigue and disguise. In the original production, "much of the play's humor probably derived from the child actors' interpretations of adult roles." "The whole play, if over-ingenious, is vivaciously written, and the characters are well-sustained."
The play exploits the plot device of gender disguise and cross-dressing that was so common in English Renaissance drama — though Chapman manages to double and re-double the cross-dressing trick. Two characters cross-dress, one male, one female. The page Lionell disguises "himself" as a "gentlewoman" in the course of the play; but at the conclusion it is revealed that Lionell is actually Theagine in disguise – so that a boy player played a female character who disguises as a male page, who then disguises as a woman.
Revival
May Day proved to be the rare Chapman comedy that had a life on the stage past its own era. An adapted version, titled Love in a Sack, was acted at Lincoln's Inn Fields in 1715.
Synopsis
The opening scene introduces the play's senex amans: Lorenzo is in erotic pursuit of Franceschina, and composes bad poetry praising their (questionable) beauties. They solicit Angelo (servant of Aurelio, the play's young lover) to deliver their love poems; and Angelo reluctantly agrees, though only to mock the elder man's foolishness. The opening scene also introduces the wealthy but repulsive Gasparo; Lorenzo wants to arrange a marriage between their daughter Aemilia and Gasparo – though Aemilia is already attracted to Aurelio, and they to them The two young people are so bashful and self-conscious, however, that they tend to run away from rather than court each other. They desperately need a go-between; Lodovico – Lorenzo's nephew, Aemilia's cousin, and Aurelio's friend – is ready to fulfill the need. Lodovico counsels both young people to overcome their shyness, brings the two together, and even supplies a rope ladder for the climb to Aemilia's balcony.
The early scenes of the play also introduce the soldier and captain Quintiliano, the play's Miles gloriosus figure, and their followers – lieutenant Innocentio, servingman Fannio, and wife Franceschina (the same "Frank" who is the target of Lorenzo's lusty attentions). Quintiliano devotes much of their time and effort to dodging their creditors and swindling any vulnerable mark who comes within their reach. One of these is Giovenelle, a scholar visiting from Padua, who is gotten drunk, taught to swagger and swear, and relieved of their purse. The scenes featuring Quintiliano and their party allow satiric commentary on soldiering, gambling, money, drinking, and various other aspects of society, manners, and life.
A third skein of the plot involves a mysterious young woman who calls themselves Lucretia; they are an apparent relative of Aurelio, staying at their father Honorio's house. Them unattached status makes them a target for the town's would-be seducers; Leonoro, accompanied by their page Lionell, works upon Lucretia's maid Temperance to gain admittance to Lucretia's private apartment.
Lodovico and Angelo join forces to play a trick on Lorenzo. Angelo convinces Lorenzo that they need to disguise themselves to gain entry to Franceschina's house, and they help the old man dress up as Snail, the local chimney sweep, with blackened face and filthy clothes. Angelo arranges for Lorenzo to hear themselves traduced and abused by other characters while in their chimney-sweep disguise. Franceschina, who is in on the joke, allows their would-be seducer into their house, but then claims that their husband has come home unexpectedly, and hides Lorenzo in the coal cellar. They lock them in the coal cellar and leaves them there.
Lodovico uses Lorenzo's absence to bring Aurelio and Aemilia together. (Their love scene is the only substantial part of the play in verse – unusually for Chapman, most of the play is written in prose.) While sneaking about in the dark on this mission, Lodovico is mistaken for Leonoro by Temperance, and is ushered into Lucretia's presence. Lucretia, however, draws a sword and drives them out; in the process, Lodovico discovers that Lucretia is a man in disguise.
Eventually, Quintiliano and their friends really do return to their house; they hear Lorenzo calling out from the coal cellar, and release him. Lorenzo has sense enough to maintain their disguise, and to claim that Franceshina had locked him, Snail the chimney-sweep, in the cellar for doing a bad job of sweeping the chimney. Lorenzo returns home and catches sight of Aurelio with Aemilia – not a good enough look to identify Aurelio, but enough to provoke the old man's outrage. Lodovico and Angelo pacify Lorenzo by dressing up Franceschina in one of Aurelio's suits, and making the old man think that it was Franceschina that he'd seen.
Quintiliano borrows the page Lionell from Leonoro, to play a joke upon Innocentio: the page will be dressed up as a woman for the lieutenant to court. This occurs at the party that concludes the play, which features a masque, music and dancing. In the style of the Venetian carnival, all the characters are masked and disguised, leading to the grand exposure of all the plotting and manipulation. It turns out that Lucretia is really Lucretio, a gentleman who had to flee their native Sicily for political reasons; Lionell is actually their betrothed, Theagine, who has come to search for them in the guise of a page. Lorenzo is made to realise that their embarrassments as Snail can only remain hidden if they consent to the marriage of Aurelio and Aemilia. Loving couples are united in a happy ending. (Even Temperance finds a husband, in Innocentio.)
References
External links
May Day online.
Plays by George Chapman
English Renaissance plays
1600s plays
Telem (, an acronym for Tnua Leumit Mamlakhtit, lit. National Statesman-like Movement) is a centre-right political party in Israel. The party was formed by former Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon and registered on 2 January 2019 in order to contest the April 2019 Knesset elections. It subsequently joined the Blue & White alliance. Yesh Atid and the party left the alliance on 29 March 2020 after Blue and White joined the government and instead formed an independent faction in the Knesset called Yesh Atid-Telem. Telem left the short lived alliance with Yesh Atid soon after. The party dropped out of the 2021 Knesset elections on 1 February 2021.
History
In the wake of conflicts with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over the Hebron shooting incident and Yisrael Beiteinu joining Netanyahu's coalition, Moshe Ya'alon left their defense minister post in May 2016 "amidst wide-spread speculation that they would be fired by Netanyahu". On 12 March 2017, Ya'alon officially relinquished their membership of Likud, announcing that they will form a new party to challenge Netanyahu in the upcoming 2019 election. Ya'alon said "he was a soldier for Israel for decades, and they would continue to serve the public in their new party".
The party was named in remembrance of former Defense Minister Moshe Dayan and their party, Telem, and registered on 2 January 2019 in order to contest the April 2019 Knesset elections.
In advance of the April 2019 Knesset elections, Telem merged with the Israel Resilience Party and Yesh Atid. Ya'alon was positioned third on the new united list, known as the Blue & White alliance. The party received five seats in the April 2019 Knesset elections, out of 35 seats that the entire alliance received. In the subsequent September 2019 Knesset elections, the party ran again as part of the Blue & White alliance and retained their five seats out of the 33 seats that the entire alliance received.
Yesh Atid and the party left the alliance on 29 March 2020 following the 2020 Israeli legislative election after the Israel Resilience Party (keeping the alliance name Blue and White) joined the government, while the two former Blue and White factions formed an independent faction in the Knesset called Yesh Atid-Telem.
Yesh Atid-Telem split in January 2021, in advance of the 2021 Knesset elections, though Ya'alon and their party dropped out of the race on 1 February.
Party goals
The party's goals as laid out by its registration papers are:
Strengthening and fortifying the State of Israel in the Land of Israel as a Jewish, democratic, secure, prosperous and moral state, while fostering Jewish-Zionist education and values and electing honest leadership committed to the welfare of the State and its citizens irrespective of religion, race, sex or gender.
Ensuring the sovereignty and security of the State of Israel and the security of all its citizens. The party will strive to achieve true peace between the State of Israel and its neighbors.
Supporting a free and open economy.
Working to improve the development of the state's infrastructure and services and the welfare of the country's citizens and to reduce bureaucracy and regulation for the welfare of the citizens of Israel in all areas of life: health, education, housing, transportation, national infrastructure, settlement, agriculture, welfare, personal security and industry.
Acting to redetermine national priorities in planning and financing, while maximizing the utilization of national resources and working to meet goals.
Cultivating culture and sports in an egalitarian and representative manner, giving priority to the allocation of resources and investment in populations with disabilities, elderly and the youth.
The party puts a big emphasis on increasing settlement in Israel's disputed areas. During a visit to the West Bank settlement Leshem, The party's leader Moshe Ya'alon said: "It is our right to settle in the entire land of Israel". Zvi Hauser, one of the party's former MKs, was the head of the Israeli Golan Coalition, an organisation which works for increasing Jewish settlement in the Golan Heights.
Leaders
Election results
Knesset members
References
Political parties in Israel
Political parties established in 2019
2019 establishments in Israel
Zionist political parties in Israel
Liberal parties in Israel
Likud breakaway groups
Hisarçandır, Konyaaltı is a village in the Konyaaltı district, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Konyaaltı District
Villages in Antalya District
Wiesław Wraga (born 14 August 1963 in Poland) is a Polish retired footballer.
References
Living people
1963 births
Polish footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Widzew Łódź players
Oulun Palloseura players
Oulun Työväen Palloilijat players
People from Stargard
Yevgeni Viktorovich Burdinskiy (; born 10 February 1972) is a former Russian football player.
References
1972 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Russian Premier League players
FC Tyumen players
FC Zvezda Irkutsk players
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
FC Chita players
Allodynia is a condition in which pain is caused by a stimulus that does not normally elicit pain. For example, bad sunburn can cause temporary allodynia, and touching sunburned skin, or running cold or warm water over it, can be very painful. It is different from hyperalgesia, an exaggerated response from a normally painful stimulus. The term is from Ancient Greek άλλος állos "other" and οδύνη odúnē "pain".
Types
There are different kinds or types of allodynia:
Mechanical allodynia (also known as tactile allodynia)
Static mechanical allodynia – pain in response when touched
Dynamic mechanical allodynia – pain in response to stroking lightly
Thermal (hot or cold) allodynia – pain from normally mild skin temperatures in the affected area
Movement allodynia – pain triggered by normal movement of joints or muscles
Causes
Allodynia is a clinical feature of many painful conditions, such as neuropathies, complex regional pain syndrome, postherpetic neuralgia, fibromyalgia, and migraine. Allodynia may also be caused by some populations of stem cells used to treat nerve damage including spinal cord injury.
Pathophysiology
Cellular level
The cell types involved in nociception and mechanical sensation are the cells responsible for allodynia. In healthy individuals, nociceptors sense information about cell stress or damage and temperature at the skin and transmit it to the spinal cord. The cell bodies of these neurons lie in dorsal root ganglia, important structures located on both sides of the spinal cord. The axons then pass through the dorsal horn to make connections with secondary neurons. The secondary neurons cross over to the other (contralateral) side of the spinal cord and reach nuclei of the thalamus. From there, the information is carried through one or more neurons to the somatosensory cortex of the brain. Mechanoreceptors follow the same general pathway. However, they do not cross over at the level of the spinal cord, but at the lower medulla instead. In addition, they are grouped in tracts that are spatially distinct from the nociceptive tracts.
Despite this anatomical separation, mechanoreceptors can influence the output of nociceptors by making connections with the same interneurons, the activation of which can reduce or eliminate the sensation of pain. Another way to modulate the transmission of pain information is via descending fibers from the brain. These fibers act through different interneurons to block the transmission of information from the nociceptors to secondary neurons.
Both of these mechanisms for pain modulation have been implicated in the pathology of allodynia. Several studies suggest that injury to the spinal cord might lead to loss and re-organization of the nociceptors, mechanoreceptors and interneurons, leading to the transmission of pain information by mechanoreceptors A different study reports the appearance of descending fibers at the injury site. All of these changes ultimately affect the circuitry inside the spinal cord, and the altered balance of signals probably leads to the intense sensation of pain associated with allodynia.
Different cell types have also been linked to allodynia. For example, there are reports that microglia in the thalamus might contribute to allodynia by changing the properties of the secondary nociceptors. The same effect is achieved in the spinal cord by the recruitment of immune system cells such as monocytes/macrophages and T lymphocytes.
Molecular level
There is a strong body of evidence that the so-called sensitization of the central nervous system contributes to the emergence of allodynia. Sensitization refers to the increased response of neurons following repetitive stimulation. In addition to repeated activity, the increased levels of certain compounds
lead to sensitization. The work of many researchers has led to the elucidation of pathways that can result in neuronal sensitization both in the thalamus and dorsal horns. Both pathways depend on the production of chemokines and other molecules important in the inflammatory response.
An important molecule in the thalamus appears to be cysteine-cysteine chemokine ligand 21 (CCL21). The concentration of this chemokine is increased in the ventral posterolateral nucleus of the thalamus where secondary nociceptive neurons make connections with other neurons. The source of CCL21 is not exactly known, but two possibilities exist. First, it might be made in primary nociceptive neurons and transported up to the thalamus. Most likely, neurons intrinsic to the ventral posterolateral nucleus make at least some of it. In any case, CCL21 binds to C-C chemokine receptor type 7 and chemokine receptor CXCR3 receptors on microglia in the thalamus. The physiologic response to the binding is probably the production of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) by cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2). Activated microglia making PGE2 can then sensitize nociceptive neurons as manifested by their lowered threshold to pain.
The mechanism responsible for sensitization of the central nervous system at the level of the spinal cord is different from the one in the thalamus. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and its receptor are the molecules that seem to be responsible for the sensitization of neurons in the dorsal horns of the spinal cord. Macrophages and lymphocytes infiltrate the spinal cord, for example, because of injury, and release TNF-alpha and other pro-inflammatory molecules. TNF-alpha then binds to the TNF receptors expressed on nociceptors, activating the MAPK/NF-kappa B pathways. This leads to the production of more TNF-alpha, its release, and binding to the receptors on the cells that released it (autocrine signalling). This mechanism also explains the perpetuation of sensitization and thus allodynia. TNF-alpha might also increase the number of AMPA receptors, and decrease the numbers of GABA receptors on the membrane of nociceptors, both of which could change the nociceptors in a way that allows for their easier activation. Another outcome of the increased TNF-alpha is the release of PGE2, with a mechanism and effect similar to the ones in the thalamus.
Treatment
Medications
Numerous compounds alleviate the pain from allodynia. Some are specific for certain types of allodynia while others are general. They include:
Dynamic mechanical allodynia – compounds targeting different ion channels; opioids
Mexiletine
Lidocaine (IV/topical)
Tramadol
Morphine (IV)
Alfentanil (IV)
Ketamine (IV)
Methylprednisone (intrathecal)
Adenosine
Glycine antagonist
Desipramine
Venlafaxine
Pregabalin
Static mechanical allodynia – sodium channel blockers, opioids
Lidocaine (IV)
Alfentanil (IV)
Adenosine (IV)
Ketamine (IV)
Glycine antagonist
Venlafaxine
Gabapentin (may also be helpful in cold and dynamic allodynias)
Cold allodynia
Lamotrigine
Lidocaine (IV)
The list of compounds that can be used to treat allodynia is even longer than this. For example, many non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, such as naproxen, can inhibit COX-1 and/or COX-2, thus preventing the sensitization of the central nervous system. Another effect of naproxen is the reduction of the responsiveness of mechano- and thermoreceptors to stimuli.
Other compounds act on molecules important for the transmission of an action potential from one neuron to another. Examples of these include interfering with receptors for neurotransmitters or the enzymes that remove neurotransmitters not bound to receptors.
Endocannabinoids are molecules that can relieve pain by modulating nociceptive neurons. When anandamide, an endocannabinoid, is released, pain sensation is reduced. Anandamide is later transported back to the neurons releasing it using transporter enzymes on the plasma membrane, eventually disinhibiting pain perception. However, this re-uptake can be blocked by AM404, elongating the duration of pain inhibition.
Notable people
Howard Hughes is thought to have had allodynia in their later years; they seldom bathed, wore clothes, or cut their nails and hair, possibly due to the pain these typically normal actions would cause him.
References
Pain
Symptoms and signs of mental disorders
Franco Imoda, S.J. is an Italian Jesuit priest, who served as Rector of the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome from 1998 to 2004.
Imoda was born in Turin. Before their appointment as the rector of the Pontifical Gregorian University, they had been a professor in the Institute of Psychology of that university since 1971. They studied philosophy at Vals-près-le-Puy in France, and theology at Chieri, near Turin. Imoda obtained a doctorate in clinical psychology at the University of Chicago, and finished their training at the Illinois State Psychiatric Institute and the Psychosomatic and Psychiatric Institute of the Michael Reese Hospital at Chicago.
References
Human Development Psychology and Mystery, l
Leuven, Peeters 1998
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century Italian Jesuits
Pontifical Gregorian University rectors
Clergy from Turin
University of Chicago alumni
Italian psychologists
People in health professions from Turin
Nangalasso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 7,887.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Lam Che () is a village in Tung Chung on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
Administration
Lam Che is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Lam Che and Nim Un (Tung Chung) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tung Chung
Calza is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antonio Calza (1658–1714), Italian painter of the Baroque period
Giorgio Calza (1900–1970), Italian wrestler
Guido Calza (1888–1946), Italian archaeologist
Raissa Calza (1894–1979), Ukrainian dancer and classical archaeologist
"Stay a Little Longer" is a song recorded by American country music duo Brothers Osborne. The song was released in March 2015 as the duo's third single overall and the second from the album Pawn Shop. Duo members John and T.J. Osborne co-wrote the song with Shane McAnally. The song was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Duo/Group Performance at the 58th Annual Grammy Awards.
Content
The song is a guitar-driven mid-tempo about a man who has an encounter with an "on again, off again" lover and, after the encounter, wishes that they could "stay a little longer." T.J. Osborne, one half of the duo, told Rolling Stone that "That song gives them everything that we are. It starts off and the verses are really emotional and fragile. You don't want to be alone, you're making the phone call, taking the trip to the house and then you're tearing t-shirts off and it's this electric thing," T.J. says. "But then, boom, you're by yourself again: 'I'm lying here wishing you could stay a little longer.'" The duo previously recorded the song on their 2014 self-titled extended play, but re-recorded it for the single version with Jay Joyce as producer.
The song is recorded in the key of F-sharp major with a main chord pattern of F-Dm-B.
Reception
Critical
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country reviewed the song with favor, saying that it "demands repeat listens just to decipher everything that's happening within the blues-rocked soaked country cut. TJ Osborne's slow storytelling runs counter to the arrangement and John Osborne's guitar playing, as if mirroring what the guy he's singing about is doing and feeling." Bob Paxman of Nash Country Weekly gave the song an "A", comparing its theme to "I'm Not in Love" by 10cc and saying that "It's a theme that's been explored before, but not in such straightforward yet expressive language."
Commercial
The song first entered the Country Airplay chart at No. 49 for chart dated April 18, 2015. The following week, it entered the Hot Country Songs chart at No. 48. It entered the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart at No. 12 on the chart date of August 1, 2015, and the Hot 100 at No. 99 on October 24, 2015. The song peaked at No. 4 on Hot Country Songs for chart dated January 30, 2016, and No. 46 on Hot 100 a week later. To date, it is their only top 10 hit on both the Country Airplay and Hot Country Songs charts. The song was certified Gold by the RIAA on December 7, 2015. It has sold 607,000 copies in the US as of November 2016.
Music video
The music video was directed by Peter Zavadil and premiered in October 2015. The video received controversy due to the fact that it included real life same-sex couples kissing. Band member TJ Osbourne said of the video, "We didn't want it to be about one person or one couple...[w]e wanted to nail down the narrative that it's really about something that we've all felt and been through."
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2015 songs
2015 singles
Brothers Osborne songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by Shane McAnally
Song recordings produced by Jay Joyce
Music videos directed by Peter Zavadil
Air Vice Marshal Richard Howard Lacey, (born 11 December 1953) is a retired Royal Air Force officer who served as the Commander of British Forces Cyprus and UK National Military Representative to the NATO HQ at SHAPE in Belgium.
Education
Lacey was educated at John Ruskin Grammar School, University of Cambridge, the RAF College Cranwell and the Royal College of Defence Studies.
Flying career
Lacey joined the Royal Air Force in 1972. They qualified as a helicopter pilot in 1978 and completed operational flying tours in Northern Ireland and in hong Kong. They trained as a helicopter flying instructor in 1984 and on promotion to squadron leader in 1985, they returned to operational flying in Northern Ireland as a Flight Commander with No 72 Squadron. After attending the RAF Staff College they were appointed Personal Staff Officer to Chief of Staff at RAF Strike Command (then Commander-in-Chief for the Gulf War) in 1989. They became Commanding Officer of No. 33 Squadron RAF in 1992, a staff officer for Air Plans and Programmes at the Ministry of Defence in 1994 and Station Commander at RAF Benson in 1997. After that they attended the Royal College of Defence Studies whereupon they were made Director of NATO Policy at the Ministry of Defence in 2000, Commander of British Forces on the Falkland Islands in 2003 and UK Military Representative to SHAPE in Belgium in 2005. Lacey was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2004 New Year Honours. Their last appointment was as Commander of British Forces Cyprus and Administrator of the Sovereign Base Areas in 2006 before retiring in 2009.
Retirement
After retirement, Lacey became Director of Strategy at Sodexo Defence Ltd.  They are currently a Gentleman Usher to Queen Elizabeth II
References
1953 births
British military in Cyprus
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Graduates of the Royal Air Force College Cranwell
Living people
People educated at John Ruskin Grammar School
Royal Air Force air marshals
Royal Air Force personnel of the Gulf War
Pancho Aréna is a stadium in Felcsút, Hungary. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Puskás Akadémia FC. Between 2015 and 2018, the stadium was the home also for the three-time champions Fehérvár FC due to the reconstruction of Sóstói Stadion.
History
The stadium was opened on 21 April 2014 with the final of the 2014 Puskás Cup.
On 26 April 2014, the first Hungarian League match was played at the stadium between Puskás Akadémia and Videoton. The match ended with 3–1 away win.
On 30 June 2016 the first UEFA Europa League will be played between Videoton FC and FC Zaria Bălți at the stadium. Since Videoton's stadium, Sóstói Stadion, was demolished in the spring of 2016, the Székesfehérvár-based club will play their matches at the Pancho Aréna.
The Pancho Aréna was listed among the top three most beautiful stadiums of the world according to stadiumdb.com. "The wood-lined curved interior to the stand gives spectators the feeling that they are attending a Sunday church service, not a football match. The 3,500 seater stadia opened in 2014 and was the brainchild of local architect Imre Makovecz".
On 26 March 2018, the first international match was played at the stadium when Bulgaria hosted Kazakhstan in a friendly match. The match ended with a 2–1 win for Bulgaria.
Controversy
Many allegations of corruption have surfaced regarding the stadium, as Hungary's current prime minister, Viktor Orbán (known for their passion for football) spent much of their childhood in the village, and Pancho Arena was built just meters away from their Felcsút estate. Although the stadium was not built directly from government funds, companies that provided the lion's share of the funding won several high-value public procurement procedures during Orbán's prime ministership. In addition, Orbán's government passed laws granting benefits to companies supporting sport investments. Allegations were fuelled by the fact that the stadium seats 3,500 people, while the total population of the village is under 1,700. From a historical perspective similarities can be found between Pancho Aréna and Stadionul Viitorul.
Milestone matches
Milestone matches (youth squad)
International
Attendances
Puskás Akadémia only played three matches at the Pancho Aréna during the 2013–14 season. This table includes only domestic league matches.
Gallery
References
Football venues in Hungary
2014 establishments in Hungary
Sports venues completed in 2014
Naheed Dosani is a palliative care physician based in Ontario, Canada, who founded and leads the Palliative Education and Care for the Homeless (PEACH) program. For their efforts in providing mobile healthcare to individuals with vulnerable housing or are homeless, Dosani has received a Meritorious Service Cross (Civil Division) from the Governor General of Canada (2017), and a Canadian Medical Association Award for Young Leaders (2020).
Early life and education
Dosani is the son of two refugee parents, who came to Canada from Uganda in the 1970s, fleeing persecution and war.
In 2008, Dosani completed a Bachelor of Science degree in the Biological and Biomedical Sciences program at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology's. They studied medicine at the Michael G. DeGroote School of Medicine at McMaster University, and completed a family medicine residency at St. Michael's Hospital, at the University of Toronto. During their residency, Dosani provided medical care to a man experiencing homelessness at a Toronto shelter who was dying of head and neck cancer and also had schizophrenia and a substance use disorder. This experience motivated Dosani to pursue training in palliative care during their final year of residency, and launch the Palliative Education and Care for the Homeless (PEACH) program.
Career
In July 2014, Dosani founded and continues to serve as the lead physician the Palliative Education and Care for the Homeless (PEACH) program to provide mobile community-based hospice palliative care to vulnerable individuals living in shelters, rooming houses or on the streets. PEACH is a 24/7 program, supported by four palliative care physicians, a home care coordinator, and a community care team. The PEACH program leads various efforts. The team created 'Grief Circles' to support the team's needs to grieve as a community in a safe space. The PEACH Good Wishes program (supported by donations) has granted about 40 wishes to individuals who are homeless and facing life-limiting illness. Dosani played a critical role in setting up the Journey Home Hospice, an end-of-life centre for people who are homeless in Toronto. PEACH is supported through provincial healthcare funding and philanthropic funding, and has inspired similar models in various jurisdictions, including Edmonton, Toronto (Journey Home Hospice), Calgary, and Seattle.
Dosani is an Assistant Clinical Professor in Family Medicine at McMaster University's Faculty of Health Sciences, and a lecturer in the Division of Palliative Care at the University of Toronto's Department of Family and Community Medicine.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Dosani has been serving as the medical director of the Region Of Peel's isolation housing system, which was set up in partnership with community organizations. They have also used social media platforms, including Twitter, Instagram and TikTok, to share credible medical information and advocate for people whose health is affected by social factors. They have spoken about different aspects of medicine and the COVID-19 pandemic for multiple media outlets about various topics, including medical assistance in dying, unique COVID-19 challenges for individuals who are homeless, people affected by the social determinants of health and public health practices.
Dosani's efforts have been recognized by a College of Family Physicians of Canada's Early Career Development Award (2015), a Meritorious Service Cross (Civil Division) from the Governor General of Canada (2017), a humanitarian award from the Canadian Society of Palliative Care Physicians (2019), a Canadian Medical Association Award for Young Leaders (Early Career, 2020), a University of Toronto Faculty of Medicine Dean's Alumni Humanitarian Award (2020). They created the Dr. Naheed Dosani Entrance Scholarship, which is awarded annually to a University of Ontario Institute of Technology (UOIT) student who demonstrates the impact of involvement and growth through humanitarian action.
Selected academic publications
Minding the gap: access to palliative care and the homeless. Lise Huynh, Blair Henry and Naheed Dosani. BMC Palliative Care. Volume 14, Article number: 62 (2015).
COVID-19 and people experiencing homelessness: challenges and mitigation strategies. Melissa Perri, Naheed Dosani and Stephen W. Hwang. Canadian Medical Association Journal. June 29, 2020 192 (26) E716-E719.
Influenza Vaccination Rates Among Homeless Adults With Mental Illness in Toronto. Samantha Young, Naheed Dosani, Adam Whisler, Stephen Hwang. Journal of Primary Care & Community Health. 2014.
Perceptions of palliative care in a South Asian community: findings from an observational study. Naheed Dosani, Ravi Bhargava, Amit Arya, Celeste Pang, Pavinder Tut, Achal Sharma & Martin Chasen. BMC Palliative Care. Volume 19, Article number: 141 (2020).
References
External links
Palliative Education and Care for the Homeless program by Inner City Health Associates
Living people
Palliative care physicians
Ontario Tech University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
McMaster University alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Physicians from Ontario
This is the list of administration and cabinet members under the presidency of Bongbong Marcos.
Administration and cabinet
Notes
References
Presidency of Bongbong Marcos
Stephen George Ridzik (April 29, 1929 – January 8, 2008) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for five teams from 1950 to 1966, primarily the Philadelphia Phillies and Washington Senators.
Born in Yonkers, New York, Ridzik was signed by the Phillies at the age of 16 and made their major league debut on September 4, 1950, pitching in relief. In 1953, Ridzik started 12 games and relieved in 30 more going 9-6 with an earned run average of 3.77. The Phillies traded them on April 30, 1955, along with Smoky Burgess and Stan Palys, to the Cincinnati Redlegs for Andy Seminick, Glen Gorbous, and Jim Greengrass. After having their contract sold to Seattle of the Pacific Coast League that same year, the New York Giants claimed them the next month in the Rule 5 draft.
Ridzik pitched for the Giants from 1957 to 1958 appearing in 56 games including 5 starts. On April 8, 1958, the Giants sold their contract to the Cleveland Indians where they would pitch in six more games before their contract was sold again to the Chicago Cubs. They would not pitch a major league game with the Cubs before their contract was sold to the Toronto Maple Leafs of the International League.
Ridzik signed with the Washington Senators three years later in 1963 after developing a knuckleball. They would appear in 132 games, mostly in relief, over the next three years for the Senators. On April 13, 1966, their contract was sold back to their original team, the Phillies. They would appear in two games with the Phillies that year before calling it a career.
After life as a baseball player, Ridzik worked in the Washington, D.C. area for a military food distributor until moving to Florida in the late 1980s. In Florida, they helped with the organizing of charity events featuring former Major League players. They also helped establish the Major League Baseball Players Alumni Association with a former Senators teammate, Chuck Hinton. They died on January 8, 2008, after fighting heart disease for several years.
References
External links
Steve Ridzik at B-R Bullpen
Steve Ridzik at Baseball Almanac
Steve Ridzik at Baseball Library
Steve Ridzik at Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Professional Baseball League)
1929 births
2008 deaths
Baltimore Orioles (IL) players
Baseball players from New York (state)
Cincinnati Redlegs players
Cleveland Indians players
Fort Worth Cats players
Greensboro Patriots players
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Major League Baseball pitchers
Minneapolis Millers (baseball) players
New York Giants (NL) players
Sportspeople from Bradenton, Florida
Philadelphia Phillies players
San Diego Padres (minor league) players
Schenectady Blue Jays players
Sportspeople from Yonkers, New York
Toronto Maple Leafs (International League) players
Utica Blue Sox players
Washington Senators (1961–1971) players
Wilmington Blue Rocks (1940–1952) players
Wilbur H. Simpson (December 6, 1917 in Angola, Indiana – June 17, 1997 in Platte Lake, Michigan) was an American classical bassoonist and pedagogue.
At Northwestern University, they studied with Hugo Fox, principal bassoonist of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
During World War II, they served in the navy aboard the battleship . They were in the Navy Band that played aboard the during the Japanese Surrender.
In 1946, they joined the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, first as contrabassoonist, then as second bassoon, where they remained until their retirement in the fall of 1991. They were awarded the Theodore Thomas Medal for their service to the CSO. They were an original member of the Chicago Symphony Woodwind Quintet, and later the Chicago Symphony Winds, which played throughout the United States and abroad.
They were featured in a segment of the WNIB radio series marking the 100th anniversary of the CSO during 1990-91, along with Adrian Da Prato, a violinist who also had joined the orchestra in 1946. They were the two senior members of the orchestra.
Well known as a teacher, they served as Professor of Bassoon at Northwestern University, and taught at DePaul University and the Chicago Conservatory College. Many of their former pupils now occupy positions in leading orchestras of the world.
References
Obituaries: Charles WP Cracknell, William S. Buzzard, Wilbur H. Simpson (1997). Journal of the International Double Reed Society, 25: pp. 65.
Further reading
Interview with Wilbur Simpson and Adrian Da Prato, December 13, 1990
1917 births
1997 deaths
American classical bassoonists
Bienen School of Music alumni
DePaul University faculty
Northwestern University faculty
People from Angola, Indiana
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century American musicians
Dublin Dragons were an American Football team based in Lucan, Dublin, Ireland. In 2014, they reconstituted as a member-run club, changing their name to the South Dublin Panthers. The team practices were held at the Garda Rugby Club at Westmanstown near Lucan.
References
External links
IAFL official website
American football teams in County Dublin
American football teams in the Republic of Ireland
American football teams established in 2000
American football teams disestablished in 2014
2000 establishments in Ireland
2014 disestablishments in Ireland
The 2008 Jordan Rally was the fifth round of 2008 World Rally Championship season and the third gravel round of the championship and also the second round of the Junior World Rally Championship. The event began with a ceremonial start on Thursday, April 24 in Amman, Jordan, near the Dead Sea.
Results
Special stages
All dates and times are EEST (UTC+3).
References
External links
Results at official page WRC.com
Jordan Rally, 2008
2008 in Jordanian sport
Kayabaşı, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
A bandersnatch is a fictional creature in Lewis Carroll's 1871 novel Through the Looking-Glass and their 1874 poem The Hunting of the Snark. Although neither work describes the appearance of a bandersnatch in great detail, in The Hunting of the Snark, it has a long neck and snapping jaws, and both works describe it as ferocious and extraordinarily fast. Through the Looking-Glass implies that bandersnatches may be found in the world behind the looking-glass, and in The Hunting of the Snark, a bandersnatch is found by a party of adventurers after crossing an ocean. Bandersnatches have appeared in various adaptations of Carroll's works; they have also been used in other authors' works and in other forms of media.
Description
Carroll's first mention of a Bandersnatch, in the poem "Jabberwocky" (which appears in Through the Looking-Glass), is very brief: the narrator of the poem admonishes their son to "shun / The frumious Bandersnatch", the name describing the creature's fuming and furious character. Later in the novel, the White King says of their wife (the White Queen): "She runs so fearfully quick. You might as well try to catch a Bandersnatch!"
In "The Hunting of the Snark," while the party searches for the Snark, the Banker runs ahead and encounters a Bandersnatch:
And the Banker, inspired with a courage so new
It was matter for general remark,
Rushed madly ahead and was lost to their view
In their zeal to discover the Snark.
But while they were seeking with thimbles and care,
A Bandersnatch swiftly drew nigh
And grabbed at the Banker, who shrieked in despair,
For they knew it was useless to fly.
They offered large discount — they offered a cheque
(Drawn "to bearer") for seven-pounds-ten:
But the Bandersnatch merely extended its neck
And grabbed at the Banker again.
Without rest or pause — while those frumious jaws
Went savagely snapping around —
They skipped and they hopped, and they floundered and flopped,
Till fainting they fell to the ground.
The Bandersnatch fled as the others appeared
Led on by that fear-stricken yell:
And the Bellman remarked "It is just as I feared!"
And solemnly tolled on their bell.
In other media
Literature
Anna Matlack Richards's A New Alice in the Old Wonderland (1895) contains a broader description given of the Bandersnatch within the poem Bandersnatchy. In this poem, another hero sets out to slay the frumious Bandersnatch so as to gain respect from their people against the hero who slew the Jabberwock (a story they would sit and tell till after ten o'clock). The author writes that it is necessary to be armed with a vorpal sword or a winxy pistol, because one never can tell what a Bandersnatch might do. The hero describes the creature as being extremely long-legged with a long tail and the ability to fly. It could be understood that the Bandersnatch perhaps camouflages itself as a tree. There is an illustration by the author's daughter, Anna Richards Brewster, of the hero's encounter with the Bandersnatch.
In a letter from 1959, C. S. Lewis wrote, "No one ever influenced Tolkien – you might as well try to influence a bandersnatch."
In Larry Niven's Known Space series (1965 to present), there is a heavy-gravity species somewhat resembling a giant slug; upon their discovery they were immediately given the genus and species "Frumious bandersnatch."
In Roger Zelazny's (1987) Sign of Chaos (part of Chronicles of Amber) the protagonist encounters a Bandersnatch. The creature is described as segmented, with a side-to-side gait, leaving a trail of steaming saliva, and hissing like a leaky pressure cooker. The Bandersnatch suffered a heart-attack after having a cardiac arrest spell cast on it, implying that its general anatomy is analogous to normal animals. The episode takes place in a reality created by the mind of one of the characters while under the influence of a hallucinogenic drug.
In Wilfrid Blunt's 1966 novel Omar, the character Omar is a hyrax who speaks English and certain dialects of horses and rhinoceroses. Omar claims that the word bandersnatch refers to hyraxes, and that the warning to "shun a bandersnatch" only pertains if it happens to be frumious.
The Frumious Bandersnatch is the title of a 2003 police procedural novel by Ed McBain, one of the last in their 87th Precinct series of detective crime fiction.
In Eric Nylund's 2006 novel Ghosts of Onyx, to code-name 'Bandersnatch' is used to warn UNSC troops for a radiological or energy-based disaster. It was previously used on occasions where Covenant troops had 'glassed' former human colonies.
Television and film
In Pandora Hearts (2006), Lily's chain is a large black dog named Bandersnatch.
In the Young Justice episode "Earthling," Adam Strange improvises a performance of the second verse of Jabberwocky in order to distract a patrol while on the planet Rann. "Beware the Jabberwock, my son! The jaws that bite, the claws that catch! Beware the Jubjub bird, and shun The frumious Bandersnatch!" They soon scurries away saying "No time to say hello, goodbye! I'm late! I'm late! I'm late!" "... and down the rabbit hole I go!" Strange's mission accomplices include a pet from their alien hosts' household with an appearance not unlike some illustrations of a Jubjub bird.
In the 2010 film Alice in Wonderland, the Bandersnatch appears as a large white beast somewhat resembling a mix of bulldog, snow leopard and bear with long fur, black spots, a long tail, and multiple rows of sharp teeth. It is a creature under the control of the Red Queen until Alice returns its eye (which it had lost to the Dormouse). It helps Alice to escape and joins the White Queen's forces. In the video game adaptation of the film, it serves a similar role.
The Bandersnatch appears in the Once Upon a Time in Wonderland episode "Forget-Me-Not." This version is a monstrous wild boar. In the past, Alice had faced the Bandersnatch before. In the present, Jafar and the Red Queen send the female Bandersnatch after Alice and the Knave of Hearts in order to get Alice to use up one of their wishes from Cyrus. Jafar gives the Bandersnatch the magic message response that Alice made for Cyrus so that it can pick up their scent. The Bandersnatch tracks Alice to the Grendel's house and attacks where it knocks out the Grendel. As Alice restrains the Bandersnatch, the Knave of Hearts stabs it. The Red Queen states to Jafar that the Bandersnatch mates for life and that the male Bandersnatch in their possession is now dead.
In the adult animated movie Mardock Scramble: The First Compression (2010), a dockside warehouse owned by the livestock export company "Bander Snatch" is used as a clandestine meeting location (visible at 45:34).
In Date A Live season 2, the robotic creatures of Deus Ex Machina are called the Bandersnatch.
In the television series Once Upon a Time, the Bandersnatch is mentioned by Alice in the episode "The Girl in the Tower" as a reference to Alice's speed: "I once outran a Bandersnatch."
Black Mirror: Bandersnatch is a standalone interactive film released in between the fourth and fifth seasons of the Netflix anthology series Black Mirror.
Music
San Francisco psychedelic rock band Frumious Bandersnatch named themselves after Carroll's work.
Seattle rock band Forgive Durden released a single entitled "Beware the Jubjub Bird and Shun the frumious Bandersnatch!" (2006) from the album Wonderland.
An all-male a cappella group at Skidmore College named themselves the Bandersnatchers ("Banders" for short)
Dutch composer Theo Verbey wrote a piece called Bandersnatch for cello and pianola, which was premiered during the 2010 Amsterdam Cello Biennale.
Comics
In the 2010 graphic novel Calamity Jack, sequel to Rapunzel's Revenge (published in 2006), the giant Blunderboar has a pet Bandersnatch named Lewis, presumably after Lewis Carroll. This Bandersnatch appears as a giant toadlike being with a massive mouth, two small mouths in place of eyes, a long froglike tongue, and the ability to spit acid. It was killed when the Jabblewocky bit it.
In the visual novel Sekien no Inganock - What a Beautiful People, Bandersnatch appears as a fantastic Creature that manifests itself inside the "engine space" within the City's computer network and preys upon hackers who access the virtual reality.
In Ursula Vernon's webcomic Digger, a bandersnatch appears as a two-headed, sentient, exiled draft animal.
In the online comic Skin Deep, the Bandersnatch is shown to be a harmless creature.
Games
Bandersnatch, a 1984 vaporware game project by Imagine Software that led to the 1986 game Brataccas.
Bandersnatch, a name used many times in the Final Fantasy video game series (1987–present). The name is given to various enemies in many installments of the game in both the Japanese and English-language versions. In most of the games, it is a common enemy that does not create much difficulty for the player, and it usually has qualities of wolves or lions in appearance. In Final Fantasy IX, however, the Bandersnatch is a slightly stronger enemy with a strange appearance that seems to be a large, demonic poodle with an expansive toothy grin. It is summoned by the antagonists during an important story scene in the game. The Bandersnatch of Final Fantasy XV is a major enemy, an enormous bipedal reptile vaguely resembling a Tyrannosaurus, its body covered in brutal, jagged spines, and an unusual mouth with two massive vertical jaws and rows of man-sized fangs.
In the massively multiplayer online role-playing games Mabinogi (2004) and LaTale (2006), the Bandersnatch makes an appearance. In Mabinogi, a Bandersnatch is an ice monster located in "Par Dungeon". A normal Bandersnatch can only be killed with one of the fire spells, or a giant's stomp ability, due to their high defense. The Giant Bandersnatch can be killed as a normal monster and is the boss of the dungeon. Both normal and Giant Bandersnatches move slowly and will not normally attack unless first hit is activated. In Latale, the Bandersnatch is a dog-like creature with strange markings and a massive jaw. It is an auto-aggressive monster that either lunges at the player or headbutts when its close to the player. It can be found in the first two rooms of the Treasure Vault Instance or King's Room.
Bandersnatches are a powerful type of enemy in Kingdom Rush: Origins, appearing as a large, blue and purple monster with a spiny back and the ability to roll into a ball and move extraordinarily quickly.
In the Shadowrun universe, bandersnatches are humanoid creatures whose bodies can refract light. They can blend in almost perfectly with their surroundings, making them difficult to see, even with the use of thermal detectors, since the radiation of their body heat is also masked. They can usually be found in the Salish-Sidhe wilderness, sometimes in abandoned buildings, and tend to attack in small groups.
Bandersnatch is the name of an enemy in Resident Evil – Code: Veronica. It shares nothing in common with the source material other than an extendable arm, giving it the 'long reach' of its namesake.
Frumious Bandersnatch is the name of a familiar in the browser-based multiplayer online role-playing game Kingdom of Loathing, obtained by buying a special monthly item in March 2009.
In the Tera universe, Bandersnatch is a name given to the last boss in Wonderholme'''s dungeon.
In the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game, the bandersnatch, along with the Jub-Jub Bird and Jabberwock, is one of a group of monsters called The Tane invented by the fey lords as living weapons.
Computer science
Bandersnatches are the subject of a difficult algorithm design project for an apparently NP-complete problem in the academic theoretical computer science book by M. R. Garey and D. S. Johnson, Computers and Intractability: A Guide to the Theory of NP-Completeness''.
Physical Locations
In Ashland, OR, USA there is a hiking trail above Lithia Park named Bandersnatch Trail.
Denison University in Granville, OH, USA has a student-run cafe called The Bandersnatch.
Previously a student-run cafe at the University of Chicago (circa late 1960s-early 1970s).
References
Lewis Carroll characters
Fantasy creatures
Literary characters introduced in 1871
Jabberwocky
With Love... from the Age of Reason () is a 2010 French romantic comedy film written and directed by Yann Samuell and starring Sophie Marceau, Marton Csokas, and Michel Duchaussoy. The film is about a beautiful and successful forty-year-old business person who receives a letter that they wrote to themselves when they were seven years old to remind them of the promises they made at that age, which is considered to be the age of reason in the Catholic tradition, and to remind them of what they want to become.
Plot
Margaret is a beautiful and successful business person selling power plants to the Chinese. With an adoring English lover, they appear to have everything going for them On their fortieth birthday, Margaret receives the first bundle of letters they wrote to themselves when they were seven years old. A jumble of colourful collages, photographs, and wildly creative puzzles seem to have come from a different girl entirely. In a letter the seven-year-old Margaret writes, "Dear me. Today I am seven years old and I'm writing you this letter to help you remember the promises I made when I was 7, and also to remind you of what I want to become..." As their letters to themselves keep arriving, Margaret finds themselves becoming disenchanted. The letters evoke long-forgotten memories and cast doubt on many of the choices they made in their life. In many ways she's become the opposite of what they hoped to become as a child. Margaret visits their childhood village and, by reconnecting with people who see in them the girl they once knew, they start finding their way to the woman they vowed to become.
Cast
Sophie Marceau as Margaret
Marton Csokas as Malcolm
Michel Duchaussoy as Mérignac
Jonathan Zaccaï as Philibert
Emmanuelle Grönvold as De Lorca
Juliette Chappey as Marguerite
Thierry Hancisse as Mathieu
Roméo Lebeaut as Philibert (child)
Jarod Legrand as Mathieu (child)
Alexis Michalik as Margaret's assistant
Raphaël Devedjian as Simon
Christophe Rossignon as Huissier
Mireille Séguret as Madame Vermier
Production
Filming locations
Cité Scolaire Internationale de Lyon, Lyon, Rhône, Rhône-Alpes, France
Morocco
Saou, Drôme, France
References
External links
With Love... from the Age of Reason at uniFranc
2010 films
French romantic comedy films
Belgian romantic comedy films
2010 romantic comedy films
Films directed by Yann Samuell
2010s French-language films
2010s French films
Justice S. R. Bannurmath (Kannada:ಎಸ್. ಆರ್. ಬನ್ನೂರ್ ಮಠ)(born 23 January 1948 in Dharwad) is the former Chief Justice of Kerala High Court and they were Chairman of Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission from September 2013 to January 2018. Bannurmath was also the Judge of Karnataka High Court and served as State Public Prosecutor and Government Advocate of the Government of Karnataka.  They are a graduate of Raja Lakhamgouda Law College, Belgaum.  They are the first chief justice in India to declare their assets in 2009 along with all judges.
References
1948 births
20th-century Indian judges
Living people
Judges of the Karnataka High Court
Chief Justices of the Kerala High Court
People from Dharwad
Charles-Honoré Lannuier, French cabinetmaker (1779–1819), lived and worked in New York City. In Lannuier's time, the style of their furniture was described as "French Antique." Today their work is classified primarily as Federal furniture, Neoclassical, or American Empire.
Early life and influences
Charles-Honoré Lannuier was born outside of Paris in Chantilly, France, on June 27, 1779, son to Michel-Cyrille Lannuier, an innkeeper, and their wife, Marie-Geneviève Malice. From childhood, Lannuier was influenced by their older brother, Nicolas-Louis-Cyrille Lannuier, and an uncle, Jean-Baptiste Cochois, successful cabinetmakers selling furniture in pre-Revolutionary Paris. Both relatives contributed to Lannuier's training as an ébéniste (furniture maker). The social unrest and disruption of the economy by the French Revolution caused Lannuier to emigrate to the young American republic in 1803. Though the French Revolution brought the disbandment of the furniture guilds, and the associated fashionable practice of labeling pieces with a maker's label, Lannuier continued that tradition in the U.S. despite its lack of guilds.
Materials and decorative motifs
In Paris, Lannuier worked primarily in mahogany, with limited amounts of satinwood and rosewood veneer inlays. Early pieces show the influence of late Louis XVI-style furniture. After moving to the United States, Lannuier benefitted from the more stable economy and access to exotic hardwoods, which allowed them to work on a larger scale using solid pieces of precious woods.
Lannuier's furniture is characterized by its use of architectural motifs–-columns, brackets, pediments, and pilasters; Greek and Roman motifs including anthemions, lyres, caryatids, dolphins, laurel wreaths, and winged figures. Federal motifs associated with the early Republic include eagles and five- or six-pointed stars. Large figures were carved and gilded, while smaller decorative mounts were cast in bronze and gilded.
Range of furniture
Lannuier's earlier work included sideboards, commodes, worktables, dining tables and chairs, and game tables. One set of their early chairs was purchased by James Bosley, a Merchant from Baltimore, Maryland (1779-1843).
This particular set of twelve (12) Lannuier chairs (referred to as the "James Bosley Set") consisting of 2 Arm Chairs and 10 Side Chairs in the NeoClassical French style was purchased for Bosley's Music room in Baltimore, Maryland. According to Mr. Peter Kenny's Book on Lannuier for the NY Met (pages 133-137) it is believed that James Bosley acquired the set of chairs from Lannuier client, A.S. Bulloch in Savannah, Georgia. Archibald Stobo Bullock and their Wife, Sara Glen built the 'Bulloch-Habersham' house at 229 Barnard Street, Orleans Square in Savannah, Georgia and filled the new house with a large quantity of furniture that had been shipped to Bulloch from Charles-Honore'Lannuier shortly before their death. Due to the Great Savannah Fire in 1820, Bulloch was forced to sell their possessions and eventually their house. James Bosley purchased the set which they used to furnish the music room in their new townhouse on Calvert Street in Baltimore.
The James Bosley set was passed down to their wife, Elizabeth Nicholson (Noel) Bosley (1797-1851), who, dying without issue, passed the set to their sister, Margaret Esther (Noel) Wyatt (1799-1897) who left the set to their only child, Architect James Bosley Noel Wyatt. Mr Wyatt (1847-1926) left most of the Chairs and other Lannuier pieces to the Maryland Historical Society in Baltimore however one chair from this set resides at the NY Met and two remain with family members. Two side chairs from the Bosley set remain unaccounted for.
As the Empire style became more entrenched, and their success grew, Lannuier produced larger, more expensive pieces including sofas, cylinder desks, and bedsteads. While their pieces are considered within the Empire style, Lannuier's work is distinct for being more delicate and for recalling the refinement found in the Directoire style. Examples of Lannuier's furniture can be seen in the White House Red Room, the Albany Institute of History and Art, the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art and Bartow-Pell Mansion.
The New York Metropolitan Museum of Art New York published a book titled: "Honoré Lannuier, Cabinetmaker from Paris (The Life and Work of a French Ebénisté in Federal New York)" by Peter M. Kenny, Frances F. Bretter and Ulrich Leben that outlines Lannuier's work
See also
Duncan Phyfe, another esteemed cabinetmaker from the period.
References
Abbott, James A. A Frenchman in Camelot: The Decoration of the Kennedy White House by Stéphane Boudin. Boscobel Restoration Inc.: 1995. .
Abbott James A., and Elaine M. Rice. Designing Camelot: The Kennedy White House Restoration. Van Nostrand Reinhold: 1998. .
Kenny, Peter M., Frances F. Bretter and Ulrich Leben. Honoré Lannuier Cabinetmaker from Paris: The Life and Work of French Ébiniste in Federal New York. The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York and Harry Abrams: 1998. .
Monkman, Betty C. The White House: The Historic Furnishing & First Families. Abbeville Press: 2000. .
External links
Mary Anne Hunting, Charles-Honoré Lannuier: Cabinetmaker from New York
French furniture designers
1779 births
1819 deaths
French cabinetmakers
Nyukawa Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control, water supply and power production. The catchment area of the dam is 23 km2. The dam impounds about 32 ha of land when full and can store 6200 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1975 and completed in 2012.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
The Cambridge Modern History is a comprehensive modern history of the world, beginning with the 15th century Age of Discovery, published by the Cambridge University Press in England and also in the United States.
The first series, planned by Lord Acton and edited by them with Stanley Mordaunt Leathes, Sir Adolphus William Ward and G. W. Prothero, was launched in 1902 and totalled fourteen volumes, the last of them being an historical atlas which appeared in 1912. The period covered was from 1450 to 1910. Each volume includes an extensive bibliography.
A second series, with entirely new editors and contributors, The New Cambridge Modern History, appeared in fourteen volumes between 1957 and 1979, again concluding with an atlas. It covered the world from 1450 to 1945.
Planning and publishing
The original Cambridge Modern History was planned by Lord Acton, who during 1899 and 1900 gave much of their time to coordinating the project, intended to be a monument of objective, detailed, and collaborative scholarship. Acton was Regius professor of modern history at Cambridge, and a fellow of All Souls, Oxford. They had previously established the English Historical Review in 1886 and had an exalted reputation.
The new work was published in fourteen volumes between 1902 and 1912, in the British Isles by the Cambridge University Press and in the United States by Macmillan & Co. of New York City. Written mostly by English scholars, the first twelve volumes dealt with the history of the world from 1450 up to 1870. The final volume, numbered 12, was The Latest Age and appeared in 1910. There then followed two supplemental volumes.
The history was later followed by similar multi-volume works for the earlier ages, namely the Cambridge Ancient History and the Cambridge Medieval History. As the first of such histories, it later came to be seen as establishing a tradition of collaborative scholarship.
A second edition of the atlas (volume XIV) was published in 1924.
Volumes published
I. The Renaissance (1902)
II. The Reformation: The end of the Middle Ages (1903)
III. The Wars of Religion (1904)
IV. The Thirty Years War (1906)
V. The Age of Louis XIV (1908)
VI. The Eighteenth Century (1909)
VII. The United States (1903)
Scanned full text here (Archive.org)
VIII. The French Revolution (1904)
IX. Napoleon (1906)
X. The Restoration (1907)
XI. The Growth of Nationalities (1909)
XII. The Latest Age (1910)
XIII. Tables and General Index (1911)
This volume includes
A four-page addendum, written by Ernest Alfred Benians, to Chapter 9 of Volume 6: Naval Operations in the Period of the Seven Years' War
Genealogical Tables and Lists
1. Genealogical Tables of Ruling and Noble Houses (112 tables)
2. Lists of Spiritual Princes, Elected Sovereigns, Etc. (28 lists)
3. Lists of Parliaments, General Councils, Etc. (6 lists)
General Index to all volumes
XIV. Atlas (1912, 2nd ed. 1924)
This volume begins with an extensive introduction to the maps, written by Ernest Alfred Benians. It is divided into several sections:
I. Europe in the Fifteenth Century
II. The Age of Habsburg Power and of the Reformation
III. The Rise of France and Sweden
IV. The Formation of the Great Powers of the Eighteenth Century
V. The Age of the Revolution and of Napoleon
VI. Since 1815
Except for the first, each is in turn subsectioned for Europe and "Greater Europe", with the latter term referring mostly to the colonial empires. A separate index is provided for the introduction.
There are 141 maps in this volume. Two-page maps are bound in such a way as to prevent information from being lost in the gutter between pages. The concluding index gives the latitude and longitude of the places named.
Notes
References
G. N. Clark, 'The Origins of the Cambridge Modern History', in Cambridge Historical Journal, VIII, 2 (1945), pp. 57–64
External links
Cambridge Modern History
History books about the late modern period
Cambridge University Press books
1902 non-fiction books
Series of history books
climm (previously mICQ) is a free CLI-based instant messaging client that runs on a wide variety of platforms, including AmigaOS, BeOS, Windows (using either Cygwin or MinGW), OS X, NetBSD/OpenBSD/FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris, HP-UX, and AIX.
Functionality
climm has many of the features the official ICQ client has, and more:
It has support for SSL-encrypted direct connection compatible with licq and SIM.
It supports OTR encrypted messages.
It is internationalized; German, English, and other translations are available, and it supports sending and receiving acknowledged and non-acknowledged Unicode-encoded messages (it even understands UTF-8 messages for message types the ICQ protocol does not use them for).
It is capable of running several UINs at the same time and is very configurable (e.g. different colors for incoming messages from different contacts or for different accounts).
Due to its command-line interface, it has good usability for blind users through text-to-speech interfaces or Braille devices.
climm also supports basic functionality of the XMPP protocol.
History
Climm was originally developed as mICQ by Matt D. Smith as public domain software. Starting with mICQ 0.4.8 it was licensed under the GPLv2, not much of the original PD code remained since then. All later additions were made by Rüdiger Kuhlmann, in particular, the support for the ICQ v8 protocol. mICQ was renamed to climm ("Command Line Interface Multi Messenger") with version change to 0.6. CLimm was relicensed to include the OpenSSL exception.
See also
Comparison of instant messaging clients
References
Notes
Andreas Kneib (Feb 2004) Der direkte Draht. ICQ in der Kommandozeile (Direct Line. ICQ in the command line), LinuxUser
Further reading
Jonathan Corbet (February 18, 2003) The trojaning of mICQ, lwn.net
External links
ICQ protocol page
Instant messaging clients for Linux
MacOS instant messaging clients
Windows instant messaging clients
Amiga instant messaging clients
Free instant messaging clients
Cross-platform software
Free software programmed in C
Public-domain software with source code
The Book of Mysteries, also known as The Book of Secrets (Greek Transliteration: ; Coptic transliteration: ; Arabic transliteration: ), one of the Seven Scriptures of Manichaeism. This scripture is transliterated in Chinese as "阿罗瓒部" (Āluózànbù) in Yilue, transliterated from the Middle Persian "", meaning "Secret" ().
It may take the form of a "treatise de anima" based around the nature of the soul, or otherwise as an exegetical work
In the Manichean canon, the Pragmateia, the book of Mysteries, and the Book of Giants is grouped together. It makes extensive use of Christian apocryphal traditions and was written in opposition to a similar book written by Bardaisan, as a rebuttal to their take on the mysteries
Contents
No preserved fragments of this scripture have been found, and there is limited knowledge of its contents. Ibn al-Nadim lists the titles of the eighteen chapters of this scripture in their "Description of the Group of Books.
"Talks about Daysānīyūn" (or "An Account of the Daysanites"): generally considered referring to the Gnosticism of Pakistan.
"Hystaspes' Testimony on the Beloved": Hystaspes was a Zoroastrian king who was converted to Zoroastrianism, and Mani might use this kind of apocalyptic literature to explain themselves and their theology.
"Jacob's words about the soul": Mani may quote the words about the angel Jacob in "Joseph's Prayer" in this chapter to support their myth.
"The Widow's Son"
"The words of Jesus about their soul preached by Judas": Mani may quote the record in the "Gospel of Thomas".
"The Beginning of Witness After the Victory of the Righteous": "The Righteous" may refer to Enoch, and this chapter may be related to the Book of Enoch.
"Seven Spirits": Discusses the incarnation of the dark power associated with the seven stars.
"Four Spirits": Discusses the incarnation of the dark power associated with the four seasons.
"Taking" or "Mockery": This may describe the ridicule of Mani by the cultists and the bewildered.
"Adam's Testimony about Jesus": Quoting from "Adam Revelation" to prove the prophetic inheritance from Adam to Jesus.
"Resistance from the Fall of Religion"
"Doctrine of the Daysanites [= Bardesanites] Regarding the Soul and the Body"
"Refutation of the Bardesanites Concerning the Living Soul"
"Three Ways" or "Three Trenches": Discusses the formation of the universe and the "three plagues" that imprison the dark demons.
"Construction and Maintenance of the Universe": tells the story of the world created by Net Wind.
"Three Days": Discusses three bright days and two dark nights without light.
"The Prophets": Satirizes the miracles performed by false prophets, and satirizes astrologers.
"The Last Judgment": Discusses the scene of the Last Judgment Day.
See also
Mani
Seven Sutras of Mani
Manichaeism
References
Manichaean texts
Texts in Syriac
3rd-century books
Lost religious texts
Mottle is a pattern of irregular marks, spots, streaks, blotches or patches of different shades or colours. It is commonly used to describe the surface of plants or the skin of animals. In plants, mottling usually consists of yellowish spots on plants, and is usually a sign of disease or malnutrition. Many plant viruses cause mottling, some examples being:
Tobacco vein mottling virus
Bean pod mottle virus
Mottling is sometimes used to describe uneven discolored patches on the skin of humans as a result of cutaneous ischemia (lowered blood flow to the surfaces of the skin) or Herpes zoster infections. The medical term for mottled skin is dyschromia. Although this is not always the case, mottling can occur in the dying patient and commonly indicates that the end of life is near. Mottling usually occurs in the extremities (lower first) and progresses up as cardiac function declines and circulation throughout the body is poor. In animals, mottling may be a sign of disease, but may also be a hereditary trait, such as seen with the champagne and leopard complex genes in horses.
Mottles can also refer to discoloration in processed food, such as butter.
In geology, mottled refers to a patchy/blotch texture of alteration or interbedding, commonly found in limestone and commonly caused by bioturbation.
Mottling can also refer to an undesirable defect which can occur with effect coatings, most obvious on light metallic finishes. The total color impression shows irregular areas of lightness variations. These "patches" are usually visually evaluated, described as a mottling effect. Some also feel that it reminds them of clouds. This effect is especially noticeable on large body panels. It can be caused by the coating formulation, as well as variations in the application process. For example, disorientation of the metallic flakes or film thickness variations of the basecoat can lead to various mottle sizes resulting in a non-uniform appearance. The visual perception of mottling is dependent on the viewing distance: Large mottles can be seen in far distance evaluation, while small mottles are more noticeable in close up evaluation. The visual evaluation of mottling is very subjective, as it depends on
on the illumination conditions, the observing distance and the viewing angle.
In graphics printing mottling refers to an uneven coloration resulting from letterpressed printing of textured papers, mainly in larger colored surfaces. Due to the uneven surface, not all fibers of the paper are evenly saturated with color unlike offset printing.
Measurement
The irregular lightness variations caused by mottling can be objectively measured with specially made instruments. These instruments simulate visual evaluation under different observing angles and characterize clouds / mottles by their size and visibility. Small to large mottles are measured under three observing angles, in which the scan length can usually be varied from 10 to 100 cm. The measurement results are independent of color and curvature of the surface and thus can be considered objective.
The specific measurement process for one such instrument is as follows.
It first optically scans the surface and measures the lightness variations. The specimen is illuminated with a white light LeD at a 15° angle and the lightness is detected under three
viewing angles to simulate visual evaluation under different observing conditions: 15°, 45° and 60° measured from the specular reflection. The mottling meter is rolled across the surface for a defined distance of 10 to 100 cm and measures the lightness variations point by point. The measurement signal is divided via mathematical filter functions into 6 different size ranges and a rating value is calculated for each angle and mottle size. The higher the value is, the
more visible the mottling effect. The measured values are displayed in a graph showing the mottle size on the X-axis and the rating value on the Y-axis. Thus, target values for small and large mottle sizes can be established for paint batch approval as well as process control.
Military
Military battledress often use a mottle pattern, such as Frog Skin and Flecktarn.
References
Plant pathogens and diseases
Skin pigmentation
Color
Sodium (1963–1983) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1966. After running well without winning in 1965 they improved to become one of the best European colts of their generation in 1966 when they developed a rivalry with Charlottown. Sodium finished fourth behind Charlottown in The Derby but reversed the form to win both the Irish Derby and St Leger. They failed to reproduce their best form as a four-year-old and was retired to stud, where they had little success as a sire of winners in France and Japan.
Background
Sodium was a bay horse bred by the Kilcarn Stud near Navan in County Meath, Ireland. They were from the first crop of foals sired by Psidium the 66/1 winner of the 1961 Epsom Derby. Sodium's dam Gambade showed no ability as a racehorse, but came from a successful family, being a full sister to the 1953 Oaks winner Ambiguity. As a yearling Sodium was offered for sale and bought for 3,500 guineas by the veteran British trainer George Todd on behalf the Indian textile importer Radha Sigtia. Todd trained the colt at Manton in Wiltshire.
Racing career
1965: two-year-old season
Sodium ran four times as a two-year-old in 1965 but failed to win a race. They showed some promise racing over one mile in autumn, finishing second to the filly Soft Angels in the Royal Lodge Stakes at Ascot Racecourse and fourth to Pretendre in the Observer Gold Cup at Doncaster.
1966: three-year-old season
On their first appearance as a three-year-old, Sodium was moved up in distance and finished third to Right Noble in the White Rose Stakes over one and a half miles at Ascot in April. They then recorded their first victory when winning the Derby Trial Stakes at Brighton Racecourse from Crisp and Even.
In the Derby at Epsom Downs Racecourse Sodium was expected to run well by their trainer and started at odds of 13/1 in a field of twenty-five runners. Ridden by the Liverpool-born jockey Frankie Durr, the colt looked to be travelling strongly two furlongs from the finish but weakened in the closing stages and finished fourth, beaten a total of seven lengths behind Charlottown, Pretendre and Black Prince. Their disappointing finish was attributed by some to theirs becoming highly agitated ("he worked themselves into a lather") in the paddock before the race. Sodium met Charlottown for the second time in the Irish Derby at the Curragh. Starting at odds of 9/1 they took the lead from Paveh early in the straight and held the late challenge of Charlottown to win by a length. Two weeks later, Sodium started 6/4 favourite for Britain's most prestigious all-aged race the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Ascot. They finished second of the five runners, beaten half a length by the four-year-old filly Aunt Edith.
Sodium prepared for a run in the St Leger Stakes by running in a highly anticipated race for the thirteen furlong Oxfordshire Stakes at Newbury Racecourse on 13 August. They ran very poorly, and finished in third place, thirteen lengths behind Charlottown. A subsequent veterinary examination revealed that the colt had been suffering from a kidney ail←ment. Sodium and Charlottown met or the fourth time in just over three months in the St Leger on 7 September. The Derby winner was favoured in the betting, with Sodium starting at odds of 7/1. Durr restrained the Irish Derby winner in the early stages as Black Prince led the field of nine runners. Charlottown took the lead in the straight, but Sodium produced a strong late run to catch their rival in the final strides to win by a head. It was a first British classic win both for Durr and for George Todd, who had been training racehorses for thirty-eight years.
1967: four-year-old season
Sodium stayed in training, but failed to win in six races which included the Coronation Cup (sixth behind Charlottown), the Hardwicke Stakes (second to Salvo).
Assessment
In their book A Century of Champions, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Sodium an "average" St Leger winner. The independent Timeform organisation rated Sodium on 128, one pound ahead of Charlottown, but the Derby winner was preferred in the voting for British Horse of the Year by 176 votes to 174.
Stud record
At the end of their racing career, Sodium, was sold for approximately £100,000 and was exported to stand as a breeding stallion in France. The best of their progeny was Virunga (foaled 1970) a filly who won the Prix de Malleret and finished second in the Yorkshire Oaks. At stud Virunga produced several good winners including Vin de France Prix Jacques le Marois and Vacarme Mill Reef Stakes. Sodium was sold again in 1972 and was sent to Japan, where they had little success before their death in 1983.
Pedigree
References
1963 racehorse births
1983 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Irish Classic Race winners
Thoroughbred family 1-p
St Leger winners
The Last Party: Scenes From My Life with Norman Mailer is a 1997 book by Adele Morales, second wife of Norman Mailer, whom they married in 1954. It was published in the US by Barricade Books.
The book is a memoir of Morales' and Mailer's marriage; among other things, it outlines an incident Saturday, November 19, 1960, when Mailer stabbed them with a penknife at a party. They cut through their breast, only just missing their heart. Then they stabbed them in the back. As they lay there, hemorrhaging, one man reached down to help them They snapped: "Get away from them Let the bitch die."
They were involuntarily committed to Bellevue Hospital for 17 days; their wife would not press charges, and they later pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of assault, and was given a suspended sentence. Morales was admitted to University Hospital in Manhattan for treatment of their injuries. In the short term, Morales made a partial physical recovery. They divorced Mailer in 1962 as a result of the incident. The stabbing incident has been a focal point for feminist critics of Mailer, who point to themes of sexual violence in their work.
References
External links
New York Times review
American memoirs
1997 non-fiction books
Domestic violence in the United States
Feminism
Anthony Michael Watson (born May 30, 1985) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. They played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Los Angeles Dodgers, San Francisco Giants and Los Angeles Angels. Watson attended the University of Nebraska–Lincoln, and played college baseball for the Nebraska Cornhuskers. Watson was drafted by the Pirates in the ninth round of the 2007 Major League Baseball draft. They made their MLB debut in 2011, was an MLB All-Star in 2014, and is the all-time MLB leader in holds.
Early career
Watson attended Dallas Center-Grimes High School in Grimes, Iowa. In 2003, their senior year, Watson threw three no-hitters and had a 0.10 earned run average (ERA). They won the Bob Feller Award as the top high school pitcher in Iowa.
The Florida Marlins selected them in the 23rd round of the 2003 Major League Baseball draft, but they chose to attend the University of Nebraska–Lincoln, where they played college baseball for the Nebraska Cornhuskers. In 2005, they had a 6–1 win–loss record and a 2.82 ERA in 23 games (five starts) and in 2006 they went 10–2 with a 2.78 ERA in 17 games (15 starts). Watson was drafted in the 17th round of the 2006 Major League Baseball draft by the Baltimore Orioles, but chose not to sign. After the 2006 season, they played collegiate summer baseball with the Harwich Mariners of the Cape Cod Baseball League and was named a league all-star. In 2007, they went 6–4 with a 4.09 ERA in 15 starts.
Professional career
Pittsburgh Pirates
Watson was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the ninth round of the 2007 Major League Baseball draft, and signed for an $85,000 signing bonus. They split 2007 between the State College Spikes and Hickory Crawdads, going a combined 7–2 with a 2.79 ERA in 13 starts. In 2008, they went 8–12 with a 3.56 ERA in 28 starts for the Lynchburg Hillcats and in 2009 they went 0–3 with an 8.22 ERA in five starts for the Altoona Curve. They went 6–4 with a 2.67 ERA in 34 games (nine starts) with the Curve in 2010.
On June 7, 2011, Watson was called up to the majors for the first time. José Ascanio was designated for assignment to make room for Watson on the Pirates' 25-man roster. Watson made their major league debut on June 8, 2011, striking out both batters they faced, Chris Young and Juan Miranda of the Arizona Diamondbacks. Watson went 2–2 with a 3.95 ERA in 43 games in 2011.
In 2012, Watson went 5–2 with a 3.38 ERA in 68 games. In 2013, Watson went 3–1 with a 2.39 ERA in 67 games with two saves. In 2014, Watson went 10–2 with a career-best 1.63 ERA in 78 games with two saves. On May 26, 2014, Watson got their first career big league hit, a single off of Carlos Torres of the New York Mets. During the 2014 season, Watson earned their first MLB All Star Game selection. They retired the only batter they faced during the game. Watson ended the 2014 season with a 10-2 record and a 1.63 ERA in 78 games.
In 2015, Watson went 4–1 with a 1.91 ERA in 77 games with one save and a major-league-leading 41 holds. At the 2016 trade deadline, the Pirates traded Mark Melancon to the Nationals, Watson moved then from a setup role to the closer role. At the end of the season, Watson finished with 15 saves in 70 games.
At the beginning of the 2017 season, Watson began as closer but after a string of consecutive blown saves, Watson was moved back to a setup role.
Los Angeles Dodgers
On July 31, 2017, the Pirates traded Watson to the Los Angeles Dodgers for minor leaguers Angel German and Oneil Cruz. In 24 appearances for the Dodgers they were 2–1 with a 2.70 ERA. In the post-season, they pitched in all three rounds of the playoffs, and was the winning pitcher in two games of the 2017 World Series.
San Francisco Giants
On February 19, 2018, Watson signed a two-year contract with the San Francisco Giants that included a player option for a third year. In 2018 they were 4-6 with a 2.59 ERA, as in 72 games they pitched 66 innings and struck out 72 batters.
In 2019, they were 2-2 with a 4.17 ERA, as in 60 games they pitched 54 innings. In the 2020 season, Watson pitched in 21 games, recording 2 saves with a 2.50 ERA.
Philadelphia Phillies
On February 17, 2021, Watson signed a minor league contract with the Philadelphia Phillies organization that included an invitation to Spring Training. On March 26, 2021, Watson opted out of their minor league contract and became a free agent.
Los Angeles Angels
On March 29, 2021, Watson signed a one-year, $1MM with the Los Angeles Angels. On June 5, Watson recorded a hold against the Seattle Mariners, and passed Arthur Rhodes to become the all-time leader in holds in MLB history with 232.
San Francisco Giants (second stint)
On July 30, 2021, Watson was traded to the San Francisco Giants in exchange for Sam Selman, Ivan Armstrong, and José Marte.
In the 2021 regular season with the Giants, Watson was 4-1 with a 2.96 ERA. In 26 relief appearances they pitched 24.1 innings in which they averaged 5.5 hits and 1.5 walks per 9 innings.
Personal life
Watson's great-uncle, Tom Offenburger, served as an aide to Martin Luther King Jr. and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.
Watson and their wife, Cassie, have one child; a daughter, Wynnie. The family lives in Florida during the offseason.
References
External links
Living people
1985 births
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
San Francisco Giants players
Los Angeles Angels players
Nebraska Cornhuskers baseball players
State College Spikes players
Hickory Crawdads players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Altoona Curve players
Indianapolis Indians players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Sportspeople from Sioux City, Iowa
Baseball players from Iowa
National League All-Stars
Scottsdale Scorpions players
Harwich Mariners players
Félix Chappottín (March 31, 1907 – December 21, 1983) was a Cuban trumpeter and bandleader. They were a member of three highly successful Cuban bands: Septeto Habanero, Arsenio Rodríguez's conjunto and Conjunto Chappottín, which they directed.
Life and career
Early life and septeto era
Félix Chappottín Lage was born on March 31, 1907 in Cayo Hueso, Havana, to tobacconist/musician Julio Chappottín and housewife Natalia Lage. Their father was a member of the son group Los Apaches. At 8 years of age, Chappottín began to study cornet under Venancio González; they later took up the tuba, the oboe and the euphonium. At age twelve they joined the local youth band of Guanajuay. In 1924 they joined the Estudiantina Orquídea de Américo González as trumpeter, and in 1927, they joined the Septeto Habanero, previously the Sexteto Habanero, becoming the most famous trumpeter in Cuba. With the Habanero, Chappottín recorded several 78 rpm singles for Victor between February 1928 and 1930, when they left the band for economic reasons, being replaced by José Interián. They then joined other son septetos: Colín, Munamar (directed by Juan José Izquierdo), Agabama, and Universo (directed by Abelardo Barroso). After the disbandment of Sexteto Boloña in 1935, Chappottín and Jesús "Tata" Gutiérrez founded the Sexteto Bolero. In 1939 they joined the septeto Carabina de Ases.
Conjunto era
In the 1940s, after the disbandment of Carabina de Ases, Chappottín joined several conjuntos: América, Gloria Cubana, Anacaona (directed by Concepción Castro), Azul (directed by Chano Pozo), Los Jóvenes del Cayo and finally Arsenio Rodríguez's popular conjunto, in 1950. In 1950, Rodríguez decided to continue their career in New York and the members of their conjunto that remained in Havana founded Conjunto Chappottín, which was directed by Chappottín, with the arrangements of pianist Lilí Martínez and featuring Miguelito Cuní on lead vocals. The band became one of the most popular conjuntos of the 1950s with hits such as "Alto Songo".
Later years and death
Chappottín remained the leader of their conjunto until their death, which took place on December 21, 1983 in Havana.
Legacy
Chappottín is widely regarded as the founder of the modern Cuban trumpet style due to their innovative approach in the development of son cubano between the 1920s and 1950s. According to Craig Harris, writer for AllMusic, Chappottín "continued to inspire Afro-Cuban music with their sweet-toned trumpet playing for more than six decades". In 2002, Chappottín was posthumously inducted into the International Latin Music Hall of Fame.
After their death, their son and later their grandson have directed Conjunto Chappottín.
References
1907 births
1983 deaths
Cuban trumpeters
Cuban bandleaders
People from Havana
Son cubano musicians
20th-century trumpeters
Bluesmith is a 1972 jazz album by Jimmy Smith, released on the Verve label.
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album four and a half stars, with reviewer Scott Yanow writing that it was "...ironic that one of Jimmy Smith's best Verve releases would be their next-to-last for the label." Yanow also commented that it was a "surprisingly freewheeling but relaxed jam session" and "Fine straight-ahead music."
Track listing
All compositions by Jimmy Smith unless otherwise noted
"Straight Ahead" (Oliver Nelson, Jimmy Smith) - 5:25
"Absolutely Funky" - 9:12
"Lolita" - 6:23
"Mournin' Wes" (Harvey Siders) - 10:00
"Blues for 3+1" - 4:52
"Bluesmith" - 6:41
Personnel
Jimmy Smith - Electronic organ
Teddy Edwards - tenor saxophone
Ray Crawford - guitar
Leroy Vinnegar - double bass
Victor Pantoja - Congas
Donald Dean - drums
Production
Harvey Siders - liner notes
Ken Veeder - photography
Ed Greene, Louis Peters - engineer
Eric Miller - producer
Eddie Ray - executive producer
References
External links
Bluesmith at The Incredible Jimmy Smith site
1972 albums
Jimmy Smith (musician) albums
Verve Records albums
Lindsay Moran (born 18 December 1969) is a former clandestine officer for the Central Intelligence Agency.  They are a freelance writer whose articles have appeared in The New York Times, The Washington Post, and USA Today. In 2005, they published their memoir Blowing My Cover, My Life As A Spy, in which they wrote about their experiences as a case officer from 1998 to 2003.
Early years
Lindsay Moran had an interest in everything espionage related from their early years on. Them childhood fantasies were fueled by spy novels, especially "Harriet the Spy" and the James Bond series, and they dreamed of growing up to join the CIA. A member of Montgomery Blair High School's graduating class of 1987, they were a staff writer and editor-in-chief of Silver Chips. After high school, they attended Harvard College majoring in English.
After graduating from Harvard, they won a Fulbright scholarship and then became an English teacher in Bulgaria.
In 1998, they were employed by the CIA and The CIA ask them to quit the job after five years.
Clandestine career
After graduating from Harvard and submitting an application that included their language skills and their time living in Eastern Europe as a Fulbright scholar, Moran was recruited to work for the CIA.
They began their orientation in the Directorate of Operations (DO), the clandestine branch of the Agency, after which they were sent to "The Farm", the field academy for clandestine officers at a base outside Williamsburg, Virginia. Them year of training included paramilitary exercises, mock ambushes, parachute jumps, car crashes, and driving power boats. It also included an exercise in which students at a pretend embassy reception sought to recruit "foreigners" to spy for the CIA. They completed the training course in December 1999, a year after the CIA's director George Tenet declared war on al-Qaeda.
After graduating from "The Farm", Moran was deployed to Skopje, Republic of Macedonia under the official cover of a foreign diplomat. As a case officer for the CIA, Moran's primary job was to spot, assess, develop, and recruit foreigners willing to sell secrets, as well as maintaining the agents who were already under their control. They spent three years there collecting information on Yugoslavian leaders involved in the Serbian war in Kosovo. However, their interest in spy work gradually diminished because of the pressure their career had put on their personal life, as well as their growing disillusionment with the CIA's bureaucracy, especially after the September 11, 2001 attacks. On the Diane Rehm talk radio show on January 17, 2005, Moran said that the final straw that convinced them to leave the agency was its slow reaction to the terrorist attacks. They were also disappointed with the agency itself since they felt that their career advancement as a case officer, in general, depended not so much on the quality of agents that they recruited, but rather on the quantity. The more recruits they had, the better. Disapproving of the Iraq War, they worked on the Iraq desk at headquarters during the Iraq invasion and resigned from the CIA after five years there.
Book published
In 2005, Moran published their memoir Blowing My Cover: My Life as a Spy detailing their time in the CIA. Some find it surprising that the CIA allowed Moran to speak freely about their top-secret work, especially due to the negative press this book generated for the Agency. Moran responded in an interview:
See also
Philip Agee
Frank Snepp
John Stockwell
Melvin Goodman
Ray McGovern
Ralph McGehee
David MacMichael
Robert Baer
The Recruit
Spy (BBC)
Valerie Plame
External links
Lindsay Moran, ex-agent at Paul Harris Show Audio.
http://america.aljazeera.com/profiles/m/lindsay-moran.html
http://america.aljazeera.com/watch/shows/america-tonight/articles/2015/2/20/will-the-us-prosecute-torture.html
Interview on 'The Young Turks'
References
1969 births
People of the Central Intelligence Agency
CIA activities in Russia and Europe
American spies
Espionage writers
American political writers
20th-century American memoirists
Living people
Woman spies
Post–Cold War spies
War on terror
North Macedonia–United States relations
Harvard College alumni
Columbia University alumni
Young Man with a Horn is a 1938 novel by Dorothy Baker that is loosely based on the real life of jazz cornet player Bix Beiderbecke. The novel was adapted for the movie Young Man With a Horn (1950) with Kirk Douglas, Doris Day, Lauren Bacall, Juano Hernández, and real-life Bix Beiderbecke friend and collaborator Hoagy Carmichael
Preface
Dorothy Baker explained that the inspiration for the book was jazz cornetist, pianist, and composer Bix Beiderbecke. In the Preface, they wrote: "The inspiration for the writing of this book has been the music, but not the life, of a great musician, Leon (Bix) Beiderbecke, who died in the year 1931. The characters and events of the story are entirely fictitious and do not refer to real musicians, living or dead, or to actual happenings."
Plot introduction
It is a fictionalized novel on jazz set in a world of speakeasies and big bands during The Jazz Age of the 1920s. It is loosely based on the life of the great cornet player Bix Beiderbecke who died in 1931 at the age of 28. It tells the story of Rick Martin, a tormented genius from childhood until their death at age 30.
The racial component of jazz is addressed. Ever since the first jazz record was released in 1917 by the white band The Original Dixieland Jazz Band, race has been an inherent issue in the new musical genre of jazz. In the wake of the success of the ODJB, both white and black musicians and bands emerged. The story also dwells on the white/black abilities to play jazz. Rick, however, establishes a strong relationship with white and black musicians. The book details both the widely accepted public view of the jazz musician of the time and a musician's own struggle for perfection. This drive finally destroys Rick.
Releases
The novel has been reprinted many times in hardcover and paperback editions and has been published in German, Italian, French, and Spanish translations. The movie version of the book has been released on VHS, DVD, and Blue-ray.
References
Review of Young Man with a Horn by Jesse Kornbluth, for HeadButler.com . accessed January 2009
1938 American novels
American novels adapted into films
Houghton Mifflin books
Freeman Creek Grove is a grove of giant sequoias located in Giant Sequoia National Monument in the Sierra Nevada in eastern California. The area is a botanical reserve under administration by the Sequoia National Forest, except for one small inholding. The largest unlogged grove outside of a national park, it covers about in the Freeman Creek Watershed, mainly south of Freeman Creek. Freeman Creek itself is a tributary of the Kern River.
Noteworthy trees
There are several large sequoias in this grove, including:
Great Goshawk Tree: The largest tree in the grove at . Named by Bill Croft in 1988, this is the 29th or 28th largest giant sequoia in the world. The exact location of the tree is not publicly known.
President George H. W. Bush Tree: This tree was named to commemorate the Presidential Proclamation delivered and signed by President George H. W. Bush to protect, preserve and restore all of the sequoia groves on National Forest System lands throughout the Sierra Nevada. Bush delivered and signed the proclamation while standing beside the tree in 1992.
Loren's Tree: This is one of the largest trees in the grove, with a volume somewhere between 28,000 and .
Bannister's Tree: A remnant of a once larger tree, but still around .
Castro Tree: A telescope giant sequoia.
See also
List of giant sequoia groves
Evans Grove
References
Kern River
Rivers of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Rivers of Tulare County, California
Geography of the San Joaquin Valley
Giant sequoia groves
Giant Sequoia National Monument
Rivers of Northern California
Rivers of the Sierra Nevada in California
John Alastair Heard (born 11 February 1939) is an Australian former basketball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1939 births
Living people
Australian men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Australia
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Adelaide
Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Snowdrop after the flower, the Snowdrop:
was an sloop launched in 1915 and sold in 1923.
was a launched in 1940, sold in 1947 and broken up in 1949.
Royal Navy ship names
Doña Juana la Loca () is an 1877 oil on canvas painting by the Spanish painter Francisco Pradilla. It is now in the Museo del Prado in Madrid, Spain.
The painting was created and sent from Rome, and it was so successful that many copies of the original were eventually made. The painting is an example of the Spanish historical painting genre. It obtained the medal of honor in the National Exposition of Fine Arts (Spanish: Exposición Nacional de Bellas Artes) of 1878, as well as having success in the Universal Expositions of Paris in 1878, as well as that of Berlin.
In the painting, Pradilla represents Joanna of Castile watching over the casket of their dead husband, Philip I of Castile. They stand upright with an expression of emptiness on their lean face and hands clenched at their side. Around her, the courtiers gather with varied expressions. Philip I of Castile died suddenly of typhoid fever, and it was said they carried their casket around with their everywhere, believing one day they would wake from slumber. This depicts a common ritual for her, and the courtiers faces all have looks of boredom and fatigue.
References
1877 paintings
Paintings of the Museo del Prado by Spanish artists
Paintings about death
Cultural depictions of Joanna of Castile
Cultural depictions of Spanish kings
Cheyse Blair is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a or forward for the Castleford Tigers (Heritage № 993) in the Super League.
They previously played for the Parramatta Eels, Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles and the Melbourne Storm in the NRL. They played for Country NSW in 2017 and played as a er earlier in their career.
Early life
Blair was born in Tweed Heads, New South Wales, Australia.
They played their rugby league for the Bilambil Jets and attended Tweed River High School.
Club career
Sydney Roosters (2010–11)
Blair played for the Sydney Roosters in the National Youth Competition after being selected for the Australian Schoolboys. Blair made the Roosters first grade 25-man squad, but did not play. Blair signed with the Parramatta Eels late 2011 hoping for first grade spot.
Parramatta Eels (2012–13)
Blair moved to Parramatta for the 2012 NRL season and made their NRL debut in round 1 2012, against the Brisbane Broncos at Parramatta Stadium. They scored their first try the next game against the New Zealand Warriors in round 2.
Blair made 22 appearances in their first year at Parramatta as the club finished last on the table for the first time since 1972.
In June 2013, Blair was one of 12 Parramatta players that were told that their futures at the club were uncertain by coach, Ricky Stuart. Blair was limited to only six appearances for Parramatta in the 2013 NRL season as the club finished last for a second consecutive year.
Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles (2014–15)
Blair signed with 2013 NRL Grand Finalist Manly-Warringah for the 2014 NRL season. After starting the season playing on the wing, Blair spent much of the season playing for Manly's NSW Cup team due to the form of Peta Hiku and the return from injury of Jorge Taufua. They played 9 first grade games for Manly in 2014, including being selected on the wing (after Taufua was dropped for poor form) in Manly's controversial 18-17 golden point extra time loss to Canterbury Bankstown in the Semi finals. They were contracted to the Sea Eagles until the end of the 2015 NRL season.
Melbourne Storm (2016–2019)
On 8 October 2015, Blair signed a one-year contract with the Melbourne Storm starting in 2016. They played in the 2016 NRL Grand Final against Cronulla-Sutherland which Melbourne lost 14–12. On 13 July 2017 Blair was ruled out for the rest of the NRL season with an ankle injury and missed out on being a part of Melbourne's 2017 premiership winning team.
Castleford Tigers (2019–present)
On 12 April 2019 it was announced that Blair had signed a three-and-a-half-year deal with Super League club Castleford Tigers after being allowed to exit their contract early with Melbourne Storm. Castleford Director of Rugby Jon Wells described Blair's signing as "a huge statement of intent for the Tigers". They were assigned squad number 35. Blair joined a Castleford side in the midst of an injury crisis and was "thrown in at the deep end and started playing straight away". They later recalled: "I was still finding my feet and I didn't play my best footy or settle in as quick as I wanted to." Blair made 18 appearances, all as a centre, and scored 2 tries in their first season with the Tigers.
Blair was given the number 18 ahead of the 2020 season. They had a brilliant start to the year, surpassing their maiden season's try tally in just the fourth round with a score against local rivals Wakefield Trinity. Blair alternated between second-row and centre during this time.
In round 19 of the 2022 Super League season, Blair was sent off during Castlefords 35-22 victory over Warrington for a deliberate high tackle. Blair was later suspended for two matches over the incident.
Representative career
Blair has represented the NSW and Australian Schoolboys teams.
Personal life
Their brother, Cory Blair has represented the USA Eagles in rugby union.
References
External links
Castleford Tigers profile
Melbourne Storm profile
Storm profile
NRL profile
Sydney Roosters profile
QRL profile
SL profile
1992 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Castleford Tigers players
Country New South Wales Origin rugby league team players
Junior Kangaroos players
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
Melbourne Storm players
Parramatta Eels players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Tweed Heads, New South Wales
Rugby league wingers
Wentworthville Magpies players
The fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFR) are, as their name implies, receptors that bind to members of the fibroblast growth factor (FGF) family of proteins. Some of these receptors are involved in pathological conditions. For example, a point mutation in FGFR3 can lead to achondroplasia.
Structure
The fibroblast growth factor receptors consist of an extracellular ligand domain composed of three immunoglobulin-like domains, a single transmembrane helix domain, and an intracellular domain with tyrosine kinase activity. These receptors bind fibroblast growth factors, members of the largest family of growth factor ligands, comprising 22 members.
The natural alternate splicing of four fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) genes results in the production of over 48 different isoforms of FGFR. These isoforms vary in their ligand-binding properties and kinase domains, however all share the common extracellular region composed of three immunoglobulin(Ig)-like domains (D1-D3), and thus belong to the immunoglobulin superfamily.
The three immunoglobin(Ig)-like domains—D1, D2, and D3—present a stretch of acidic amino acids ("the acid box") between D1 and D2. This "acid box" can participate in the regulation of FGF binding to the FGFR. Immunoglobulin-like domains D2 and D3 are sufficient for FGF binding. Each receptor can be activated by several FGFs. In many cases, the FGFs themselves can also activate more than one receptor (i.e., FGF1, which binds all seven principal FGFRs). FGF7, however, can only activate FGFR2b, and FGF18 was recently shown to activate FGFR3.
A gene for a fifth FGFR protein, FGFR5, has also been identified. In contrast to FGFRs 1-4, it lacks a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase domain and one isoform, FGFR5γ, and only contains the extracellular domains D1 and D2. The FGFRs are known to dimerize as heterodimers and homodimers.
Genes
So far, five distinct membrane FGFR have been identified in vertebrates and all of them belong to the tyrosine kinase superfamily (FGFR1 to FGFR4).
(see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor 1) (= CD331)
(see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor 2) (= CD332)
(see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor 3) (= CD333)
(see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor 4) (= CD334)
(see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1)
As a drug target
The FGF/FGFR signalling pathway is involved in a variety of cancers.
There are non-selective FGFR inhibitors that act on all of FGFR1-4 and other proteins, and some selective FGFR inhibitors for some/all of FGFR1-4. Selective FGFR inhibitors include AZD4547, BGJ398, JNJ42756493, and PD173074.
References
External links
GeneReviews/NIH/NCBI/UW entry on FGFR-Related Craniosynostosis Syndromes
FGF signaling (with refs)
Tyrosine kinase receptors
Virginie was a 40-gun frigate of the French Navy, lead ship of its class.
Career
French service
They took part in the First Battle of Groix and in the Battle of Groix.
On 22 April 1796, Virginie was cruising off Ireland under captain Jacques Bergeret when they encountered a British squadron under Commodore Edward Pellew, comprising the Razee 44 gun and the frigates , , , and their prize Unité, captured on 13 April.
Virginie retreated and the British squadron gave chase, joining with the French frigate around 23:00. Indefatigable closed in and exchanged broadsides, without succeeding in their attempts at raking Virginie. The gunnery exchange lasted for 4 hours, until the British frigates caught up. Bergeret then struck their colours in the face of an overwhelming opponent.
They were subsequently recommissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS Virginie.
British service
In January 1799, Virginie was with British squadron at the defence of Macau during the Macau Incident.
On 20 May 1808, they captured the Dutch frigate Guelderland.
In Royal Navy service the armament consisted of 46 guns:
8 carronades (32-pounders) on the quarterdeck and forecastle
28 long ordnances (18-pounders) on the main deck
10 long ordnances (9-pounders) on the quarterdeck and forecastle
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
Grocott, Terence (1997) Shipwrecks of the revolutionary & Napoleonic eras (Chatham).
Naval Database
Lines of Virginie at the National Maritime Museum
External links
Virginie-class frigates
Ships built in France
1794 ships
Century High School is located in Ullin, Illinois.
It Combines the small towns of Karnak, Illinois, New Grand Chain, Illinois, Ullin, Illinois, Perks, Illinois, and Wetaug, Illinois into one school in Pulaski county. Mound City, Illinois is not involved in the School District, but is in the same county, Pulaski County, Illinois.
References
Schools in Pulaski County, Illinois
Public high schools in Illinois
Ullin, Illinois
The 1982 Kingston upon Thames Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Kingston upon Thames London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
"Every Girl in This Town" is a song written by Erik Dylan, Connie Harrington and Caitlyn Smith, and recorded by American country music artist Trisha Yearwood. It was released in June 2019 as the lead single from their twelfth studio album, Every Girl, their first album of original music since 2007's Heaven, Heartache and the Power of Love.
Yearwood announced the Every Girl on Tour, their first solo tour in five years, in promotion of their new music.
Content
The song was written by Erik Dylan, Connie Harrington and Caitlyn Smith and has been described as a "scintillating, slow-building power ballad" with "a message of empowerment and solidarity to young girls and women everywhere." Yearwood referred to the song as emotional and inspiring, and said the lyrics reminded them of themselves as "that little girl who believed anything and everything was possible" and that it serves a reminder to just be yourself.
Music video
The music video was directed by Blythe Thomas and premiered on June 28, 2019. In the video, Yearwood is seen performing the song against a set made up of baby blue wallpaper and a similarly colored blanket.  They are shown with women of all ages embracing their inner beauty, while other home video footage of women celebrating is also seen. It ends with Yearwood and all the women throwing their hands up in the air in celebration and rejoice.
Chart performance
"Every Girl in This Town" debuted at number 21 on the Billboard Country Airplay chart dated June 15, 2019, marking the highest chart debut of their career, surpassing the number 36 start for "Love Will Always Win" in 2006. It also makes it their first top 40 hit since "This Is Me You're Talking To" in 2008.
References
2019 singles
Trisha Yearwood songs
2019 songs
Country ballads
Songs written by Connie Harrington
Song recordings produced by Garth Fundis
Songs written by Caitlyn Smith
The knockout stage of the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup began on 18 July 2015 and ended with the Final on 26 July 2015, to decide the champions of the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup. A total of eight teams competed in the knockout stage.
Qualified teams
The top two placed teams from each of the three groups, plus the two best-placed third teams, qualified for the knockout stage.
Bracket
In the knockout stage, the eight teams played a single-elimination tournament, with the following rules:
In the quarter-finals, teams from the same group could not play each other.
In all matches, if tied after 90 minutes, 30 minutes of extra time were played. If still tied after extra time, a penalty shoot-out was used to determine the winner.
Scores after extra time are indicated by (a.e.t.), and penalty shoot-out are indicated by (pen.).
All times EDT (UTC−4).
Quarter-finals
United States vs Cuba
Haiti vs Jamaica
Trinidad and Tobago vs Panama
Mexico vs Costa Rica
Semi-finals
United States vs. Jamaica
Panama vs. Mexico
Third place play-off
Final
Notes
References
External links
Knockout stage
Berdychiv (, ; ; ; ) is a historic city in the Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine. Serving as the administrative center of the Berdychiv Raion (district), the city itself is of direct oblast subordinance, and does not belong to the district. It is south of the oblast capital, Zhytomyr. Its population is approximately .
History
The territory on which the city is located was inhabited as early as the 2nd millennium BC. Bronze Age settlements and the remains of two settlements of the Chernyakhov culture were discovered here.
In 1430, Grand Duke of Lithuania Vytautas (великий князь литовський Вітовт) granted the rights over the area to Kalinik, the procurator (намісник) of Putyvl and Zvenigorod, and it is believed that their servant named Berdich founded a khutor (remote settlement) there. However the etymology of the name Berdychiv is not known.
In 1483, Crimean Tatars destroyed the settlement. During the 1546 partition between Lithuania and Poland, the region was listed as a property of Lithuanian magnate (Tyszkiewicz). According to the Union of Lublin (1569), Volhynia formed a province of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
The fortified Carmelite monastery (built from 1627 to 1642 with funding from Janusz Tyszkiewicz Łohojski), captured and plundered by Bohdan Khmelnytsky in 1647, was dissolved in 1864.
In 1764, Kazimierz Pulaski defended the city with their 700 men surrounded by royal army during Bar Confederation.
The town underwent rapid development after king Stanisław August Poniatowski, under pressure from the powerful Radziwiłł family, granted it the unusual right to organize ten fairs a year. This made Berdychiv one of the most important trading and banking centers in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, and later, the Russian Empire. At the time, the saying "Pisz na Berdyczów!" ('Send letters to Berdychiv!') had an idiomatic meaning; because merchants from all over Poland, Lithuania, Ukraine and the rest of eastern and central Europe were sure to visit the town within two or three months of each other, it became a central poste restante (post office box) of the region. Later, because of the phrase being used in a popular poem by Juliusz Słowacki, "Pisz na Berdyczów!" acquired a second meaning as a brush-off; "send me a letter to nowhere" or "leave me alone".
In 1793, after the second division of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and the annexation of Right-Bank Ukraine to Russia, Berdychiv became part of the Volyn Province as a town of Zhitomirsky Uyezd. In 1798, it had 864 houses and 4820 people. The town was the administrative centre of the Berdichevsky Uyezd, a part of the Kyiv Governorate (1796–1925).
The banking industry was moved from Berdychiv to Odessa (a major port city) after 1850, and the town became impoverished again in a short period of time.
In 1846, the town had 1893 buildings, 69 of which were brick-made, 11 streets, 80 alleys, and four squares. Honoré de Balzac visited it in 1850 and noted that its unplanned development made it resemble the dance of a polka as some buildings leaned left while others leaned right. In 1857, Polish-British writer Joseph Conrad, regarded as one of the greatest novelists to write in the English language, was born in Berdychiv.
Jewish history
According to the census of 1789, Jews constituted 75% of Berdychiv's population (1,951 out of 2,640, of whom 246 were liquor dealers, 452 houseowners, 134 merchants, 188 artisans, 150 clerks and 56 idlers). In 1797, Prince Radziwill granted seven Jewish families the monopoly privilege of the cloth trade in the town. Jews were a major driving force of the town's commerce in the first half of the 19th century, founding a number of trading companies (some traded internationally) and banking establishments, and serving as agents of the neighboring estates of Polish nobility (szlachta).
By the end of the 18th century, Berdychiv became an important center of Hasidism. As the town grew, a number of noted scholars served as rabbis there, including Lieber the Great, Joseph the Harif and the Tzadik Levi Yitzchok of Berditchev (the author of Kedushat Levi), who lived and taught there until their death in 1809. See also Berditchev (Hasidic dynasty).
Berdychiv was also one of the centers of the conflict between Hasidim and Mitnagdim. As the ideas of Haskalah influenced parts of the Jewish communities, a large group of Maskilim formed in Berdychiv in the 1820s.
In 1847, 23,160 Jews resided in Berdychiv and by 1861 the number doubled to 46,683. Berdychiv became the city with the largest share of Jewish population in Ukraine and the Russian Empire. The May Laws of 1882 and other government persecutions affected Jewish population and in 1897, out of the town's population of 53,728, 41,617 (about 80%) were Jewish. 58% of Jewish males and 32% of Jewish females were literate.
Around the turn of the 20th century, Berdychiv counted some 80 synagogues and batei midrash, and was famous for its cantors.
Until World War I, the natural growth was balanced by the emigration. After the bourgeois-democratic February revolution, during the Russian Civil War and Ukrainian War of Independence, in 1918–19, Berdychiv's mayor and chairperson of its Jewish community was the Bundist leader David Petrovsky (Lipetz). As mayor they managed to prevent a planned multi-day pogrom in Berdychiv by haidamaks from the , thus saving thousands of lives.
In the 1920s, the Yiddish language was officially recognized and, beginning in 1924, the city had a Ukrainian court of law that conducted its affairs in Yiddish. In 1923, Berdychiv became the center of the district and district of the same name, and in 1937 it entered the Zhytomyr region.
The Soviet authorities closed most of the town's synagogues by the 1930s. All remaining Jewish cultural and educational institutions were suspended in the second half of the 1930s, before the beginning of World War II.
Nazi massacre
Most civilians from areas near the border did not have a chance to evacuate when the Nazis began their invasion on 22 June 1941. Berdychiv was occupied by the German Army from 7 July 1941 to 5 January 1944. An "extermination" German SS unit was established in Berdychiv in early July 1941 and a Jewish ghetto was set up. It was stated in one of the Einsatzgruppen reports that on "Sept. 1, and 2, 1941, leaflets and inflammatory pamphlets were distributed by Jews in Berdychiv. As the perpetrators could not be found, 1,303 Jews, among them 875 Jewesses over 12 years, were executed by a unit of the Higher SS and Police Leaders". The ghetto was liquidated on 5 October 1941, when all the inhabitants were murdered. Eyewitnesses stated that Ukrainian auxiliary police aided the 25-member shooting squad in corralling Jews into the ghetto, policing it, and killing those who attempted to escape. One witness to a mass killing of Jews in Berdychiv said, "They had to wear their festivity-dresses. Then their clothes and valuables were taken. The pits were dug and filled in by war prisoners who were executed shortly after."
The Nazis likely killed 20,000 to 30,000 Jews in Berdychiv, but a 1973 Ukrainian-language article about the history of Berdychiv says, "The Gestapo killed 38,536 people." ()
Berdychiv was the hometown of Soviet novelist Vasily Grossman, who worked as a war correspondent. Grossman's mother was murdered in the massacre. They wrote a detailed description of the events for publication in The Black Book, edited by Grossman and Ilya Ehrenburg, which dealt with the German treatment of Soviet Jews in the Holocaust. Originally meant for publication in the Soviet Union, it was banned there; one volume was eventually published in Bucharest in 1947. The original manuscript is in the archive of Yad Vashem, Jerusalem.
A detailed account of the massacre as told by the narrator's mother appears in a fictionalized context in Grossman's novel Life and Fate, which is widely available in an English translation by Robert Chandler.
Russia invasion of Ukraine
On March 16, 2022, Berdychiv was damaged by Russian air strikes. A few buildings were torn down.
Demographics
Notable residents
Alphabetically by surname. Pseudonyms treated as one word.
Jacob Pavlovitch Adler (birthplace of their mother, Hessye Halperin)
Honoré de Balzac (married in Berdychiv)
Joseph Conrad (1857–1924), Polish and British writer
John Demjanjuk (born Ivan Mykolaiovych Demjanjuk; 1920–2012), Ukrainian-American accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity carried out while serving as a guard at Nazi extermination camps during World War II
Der Nister, pen name of Pinchus Kahanovich (1884–1950), Yiddish author, philosopher, translator, and critic
Charles Joachim Ephrussi, the patriarch of the Ephrussi family grain dynasty
Abraham Firkovich, Karaite hakham
Abraham Goldfaden (1840–1908), considered the father of the Jewish modern theatre
Israel Grodner (1887), one of the founding performers in Yiddish theater
Vasily Grossman (1905–1964), Soviet Russian writer and journalist
Felix Lembersky, fine arts, painter (1913–1970), born and raised in Berdychiv, worked as theater stage designer
Raquel Liberman (1900–35), Jewish-Polish victim of human trafficking who broke up the notorious Zwi Migdal forced-prostitution ring in Argentina.
Osip Mikhailovich Lerner (Y. Y. Lerner), writer, critic, and folklorist
Mendele Mocher Sforim, pen name of Sholem Yankev Abramovich, Jewish author and one of the founders of modern Yiddish and Hebrew literature
Pedotser, whose real name was A.M. Kholodenko (1828-1902), a Klezmer violin virtuoso
Antoni Protazy Potocki, szlachta (owned and organized several factories in the village of Makhnivka, near Berdychiv)
Anatoliy Puzach (1941–2006), Soviet football player and Ukrainian coach
David Petrovsky (1886–1937) — the mayor of the city and the chairperson of the Jewish community of Berdychiv in 1918–1919, a member of the Central Committee of the General Jewish Labour Bund in Lithuania, Poland and Russia, a member of the Central Committee of the Jewish Socialist Federation and the Socialist Party of America, the editor of the Jewish Daily Forward newspaper in New York, journalist, political and economic scientist, the statesman of the Soviet Union.
Sholem Aleichem, pen name of Solomon Naumovich Rabinovich (1859–1916), leading Yiddish author and playwright, lived here doing research for their novels in the 1880s
Boris Sidis (1867–1923), Ukrainian American psychologist, physician, psychiatrist, and philosopher of education
Valeriy Skvortsov (1945–) Soviet high jumper; European champion
Stempenyu, stage name of Iosef Druker (1822–79), a klezmer violin virtuoso and bandleader
Dmytro Tymchuk (1972–2019) Ukrainian Army Reserve colonel, "informatsiinyi sprotyv" group coordinator
Levi Yitzchok of Berditchev (Levi Yosef Yitzhak of Berdichev; 1740–1809), Torah commentator, chassidic rabbi, leader, religious songwriter, and leader of the Berditchev Hasidic dynasty.
Some sources erroneously claim that the pianist Vladimir Horowitz was born in Berdychiv. Horowitz's birth certificate unequivocally gives Kyiv as their birthplace.
Gallery
Berdychiv on stage
See: Abraham Ellstein
See also
History of the Jews in Russia and the Soviet Union
Berdichev machine-building plant
References
Further reading
From Berdichev to Jerusalem by Miriam Sperber, 1980
The Bones of Berdichev: The Life and Fate of Vasily Grossman by John Garrand, 1996
External links
"My Berdychiv" – history, present, people (in Ukrainian language)
Jewish History of Berdichev, Part 1 and Part 2 at Jewishgen.org
Berdichev at Simon Wiesenthal Center
Berdychiv lands from the earliest times to the beginning of the 20th century (1999, in Ukrainian language: Бердичівська земля з найдавнішших часів до початку ХХ ст.)
PBS Independent Lens: "Berdichev"
The murder of the Jews of Berdychiv during World War II, at Yad Vashem website
Cities in Zhytomyr Oblast
Cities of regional significance in Ukraine
Berdychiv Raion
Berdichevsky Uyezd
Kiev Voivodeship
Populated places established in the 1430s
Jewish Ukrainian history
Shtetls
Holocaust locations in Ukraine
Mass murder in 1941
Anzhelina Alekseevna Shvachka (; born 1971) is a Ukrainian operatic mezzo-soprano singer.  They are a leading soloist of the National Opera of Ukraine in Kyiv, where they started in 1997.
Career
Shvachka was born in Dnipro, Ukraine.  They are the prizewinner of Klaudia Taev Competition in 2005. After that they were invited to perform numerous times with Pärnu International Opera Music Festival PromFest in Estonia and abroad. Some notable roles were the title role in Carmen (2007), Lyubasha in The Tsar's Bride (2013), Amneris in Aida (2015).
They recorded Prince Igor with the NRCU Symphony Orchestra under Theodore Kuchar in 2005, and Robert Ian Winstin's Oedipus Requiem with the Kyiv Philharmonic in 2007.
Awards
Taras Shevchenko National Prize of Ukraine (2016)
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Profile, Stretta Artists Management
1971 births
Living people
Musicians from Dnipro
Operatic mezzo-sopranos
21st-century Ukrainian women opera singers
Kyiv Conservatory alumni
Recipients of the Shevchenko National Prize
Recipients of the title of People's Artists of Ukraine
Gabriel de Guilléstegui, O.F.M. (1594–1677) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of La Paz (1670–1677) and Bishop of Paraguay (1666–1670).
Biography
Gabriel de Guilléstegui was born in Toledo, Spain in 1594 and ordained a priest in the Order of Friars Minor.
On 15 December 1666, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VII as Bishop of Paraguay.
In 1667, they were consecrated bishop by Bernardo de Izaguirre de los Reyes, Bishop of Cuzco.
On 1 September 1670, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement X as Bishop of La Paz.
They served as Bishop of La Paz' until their death in 1677.
While bishop, they were the principal consecrator of Francisco de Borja, Bishop of Córdoba (1671).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Bolivia
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VII
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement X
1594 births
1677 deaths
People from Toledo, Spain
Franciscan bishops
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Paraguay
Roman Catholic bishops of Paraguay
Roman Catholic bishops of La Paz
All Y'All is Travis Morrison's second solo album, credited to the Travis Morrison Hellfighters. It was released on August 21, 2007 by Barsuk Records.
Production
According to Travis Morrison:
The record was written mostly in early 2005, and then after some unsatisfactory attempts to record them, me and the Hellfighters stopped working on it. I started singing in church choirs, working for volunteer organizations here in DC, and did some travelling. We reconvened in Chicago in the fall of 2006 and recorded the songs with Jason Caddell, who was a bandmate of mine in the Dismemberment Plan, at the Chicago Recording Company. It was mixed by Jason and Joel Hamilton.
Track listing
"I'm Not Supposed to Like You (But)" - 2:03
"As We Proceed" - 3:19
"Catch Up" - 4:35
"East Side of the River" - 3:25
"I Do" - 3:24
"Just Didn't Turn Me On" - 3:26
"You Make Me Feel Like a Freak" - 4:28
"Hawkins' Rock" - 3:56
"Churchgoer" - 4:02
"Book of Names" - 4:12
"Saturday Night" - 4:59
Personnel
The Hellfighters: Saadat Awan, David Brown, Brandon Kalber & Travis Morrison
Ken Thomson: Saxophone on "You Make Me Feel Like A Freak", "I'm Not Supposed To Like You (But)" and "East Side of the River"
Jean Cook: Violin on "East Side of the River"
Art/Design: Jewboy Corporation
References
2007 albums
Breeland is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bashaud Breeland (born 1992), American football player
Floyd Breeland (1933–2020), American politician
Jake Breeland (born 1997), American football player
See also
Breland (disambiguation)
Josh Powell (born January 25, 1983) is an American former professional basketball player and coach. Powell won two NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers in 2009 and 2010, and has also spent time with the Dallas Mavericks, Indiana Pacers, Atlanta Hawks, Los Angeles Clippers, Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets. In 2013, Powell was a member of the Olympiacos side that won the EuroLeague championship. They have also played in Russia, Italy, Argentina, Puerto Rico, China, the Philippines, Australia and Venezuela.
College career
Powell spent two years at North Carolina State, where in their first-year student campaign, they averaged 7.2 points and 3.9 rebounds per game en route to earning a spot on the ACC All-Rookie squad. They went on to average 12.4 points and 5.3 rebounds in 31 games their sophomore season, and was named the team's most improved player as the recipient of the Tom Gugliotta Award. They ranked seventh in the ACC in blocks (1.3), 20th in scoring and 18th in rebounding. They were named to the All-ACC Tournament first team after putting up 20.0 points, 7.0 rebounds and 3.0 blocks in three contests, including a career-best 26-point effort in the championship game against Duke.
Professional career
Early years
After going undrafted in the 2003 NBA draft, Powell spent the preseason with the Dallas Mavericks, before moving to Russia for their first professional season. They managed just two games for Lokomotiv-Rostov before joining Italian team Scafati Basket for the rest of the 2003–04 season. Following their stint in Italy, they returned to the United States and played for the Southern Crescent Lightning, helping them win the 2004 WBA championship. They also spent the 2004–05 season in Italy with JuveCaserta Basket before re-joining the Southern Crescent Lightning in 2005.
Dallas Mavericks
Powell re-signed with the Dallas Mavericks in August 2005, but managed just 16 games over the first half of the 2005–06 season. On February 27, 2006, they were assigned to the Fort Worth Flyers of the NBA Development League. They were recalled by the Mavericks on March 4, and went on to play in 21 games throughout March and April. On April 4, 2006, they scored a season-high 12 points in a 127–101 win over the Sacramento Kings. They finished the regular season with an 11-point, nine-rebound effort against the Los Angeles Clippers on April 19. The Mavericks reached the NBA Finals in 2006, where they were defeated 4–2 by the Miami Heat. Powell appeared in six games over the Mavericks' playoff run.
Indiana Pacers and Golden State Warriors
In July 2006, Powell was traded, along with Darrell Armstrong and Rawle Marshall, to the Indiana Pacers in exchange for Anthony Johnson. They appeared in just seven games for the Pacers in 2006–07 before being traded to the Golden State Warriors in an eight-player deal on January 17, 2007. On January 27, 2007, in just their second game for the Warriors, Powell scored a then career-high 13 points in a 131–105 win over the Charlotte Bobcats. They played in 30 regular season games for the Warriors, as well as making four playoff appearances.
Los Angeles Clippers
On August 14, 2007, Powell signed with the Los Angeles Clippers. On April 3, 2008, they recorded a career-high 13 rebounds in a 110–98 loss to the Sacramento Kings. Three days later, they scored a career-high 22 points in a 105–79 loss to the Houston Rockets. On July 30, 2008, they were waived by the Clippers.
Los Angeles Lakers
On August 14, 2008, Powell signed with the Los Angeles Lakers. Over two seasons with the Lakers, they won two NBA championships.
Atlanta Hawks
On July 26, 2010, Powell signed a one-year, $1.1 million contract with the Atlanta Hawks.
China, Switzerland and Puerto Rico
In September 2011, Powell signed with the Liaoning Flying Leopards for the 2011–12 CBA season. Following the CBA season, they joined Union Neuchâtel Basket for their Swiss Cup semi-final game.
On March 29, 2012, Powell signed with Puerto Rican team Brujos de Guayama. Exactly one month later, they were replaced in the line-up by Marcus Fizer.
San Antonio Spurs
On September 27, 2012, Powell signed with the San Antonio Spurs for training camp. They were later waived by the Spurs on October 26, 2012 after appearing in six preseason games.
Olympiacos
On November 2, 2012, Powell signed with Greek team Olympiacos. They went on to help the team win the 2012–13 EuroLeague championship.
New York Knicks
On September 30, 2013, Powell signed with the New York Knicks for training camp. They were later waived by the Knicks on October 25, 2013 after appearing in five preseason games.
China and the Philippines
On October 30, 2013, Powell signed with the Guangdong Southern Tigers for the 2013–14 CBA season.
On April 1, 2014, Powell joined the Barangay Ginebra San Miguel of the Philippine Basketball Association, one day before making their Commissioner's Cup debut. They parted ways with Ginebra on April 13, 2014 after receiving an NBA call-up.
Houston Rockets and Milwaukee Bucks
On April 16, 2014, Powell signed with the Houston Rockets. On October 24, 2014, they were waived by the Rockets. After being waived by the Rockets, Powell joined Kevin McHale's staff as a player development coach for the 2014–15 season.
On September 18, 2015, Powell signed with the Milwaukee Bucks for training camp. They were later waived by the Bucks on October 21, 2015 after appearing in four preseason games.
Argentina, Puerto Rico and China
On December 3, 2015, Powell signed with San Lorenzo de Almagro of the Liga Nacional de Básquet. In March 2016, they parted ways with San Lorenzo and signed with Puerto Rican team Indios de Mayagüez.
On May 23, 2016, Powell signed with Luoyang Zhonghe of the Chinese NBL.
Sydney Kings
On October 7, 2016, Powell signed with the Sydney Kings for the 2016–17 NBL season. Six days later, they made their debut for the Kings in their second game of the season. In 22½ minutes off the bench, they recorded 14 points and six rebounds in an 88–84 win over the Illawarra Hawks. On October 20, they scored 17 points on 8-of-11 shooting off the bench in a 92–78 win over the New Zealand Breakers. On December 23, they scored a season-high 21 points in an 87–75 loss to Illawarra, dropping the Kings to 10–10 on the season with a fourth-straight defeat. The Kings went on to finish the season in seventh place, missing the playoffs with a 13–15 record. In 27 games for the Kings, Powell averaged 9.4 points, 4.8 rebounds and 1.0 assists per game.
Venezuela and Korea
On March 13, 2017, Powell signed with Trotamundos de Carabobo of the Liga Profesional de Baloncesto. In October 2017, they joined Changwon LG Sakers of the Korean Basketball League. They left the team in November 2017 after appearing in nine games.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Dallas
| 37 || 2 || 11.6 || .457 || .000 || .800 || 2.2 || .2 || .2 || .1 || 3.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Indiana
| 7 || 0 || 9.1 || .133 || .000 || .667 || 2.7 || .4 || .0 || .0 || 1.7
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Golden State
| 30 || 0 || 9.6 || .526 || .000 || .733 || 2.3 || .6 || .2 || .4 || 3.5
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | L.A. Clippers
| 64 || 25 || 19.2 || .460 || .000 || .724 || 5.2 || .7 || .2 || .4 || 5.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;" | †
| align="left" | L.A. Lakers
| 60 || 1 || 11.7 || .444 || .000 || .760 || 2.9 || .5 || .2 || .3 || 4.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;" | †
| align="left" | L.A. Lakers
| 63 || 0 || 9.2 || .366 || .438 || .645 || 1.8 || .6 || .1 || .1 || 2.7
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 54 || 0 || 12.1 || .452 || .000 || .800 || 2.5 || .4 || .1 || .1 || 4.1
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Houston
| 1 || 0 || 19.0 || .333 || .000 || .000 || 5.0 || .0 || .0 || 1.0 || 4.0
|-class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2" | Career
| 316 || 28 || 12.6 || .438 || .350 || .743 || 2.9 || .5 || .2 || .2 || 3.9
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 2006
| align="left" | Dallas
| 6 || 0 || 4.2 || .000 || .000 || .000 || .3 || .2 || .0 || .0 || .0
|-
| align="left" | 2007
| align="left" | Golden State
| 4 || 0 || 1.5 || .000 || .000 || .500 || .3 || .0 || .0 || .3 || .3
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;" | 2009†
| align="left" | L.A. Lakers
| 14 || 0 || 5.2 || .423 || 1.000 || 1.000 || 1.2 || .3 || .0 || .1 || 2.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;" | 2010†
| align="left" | L.A. Lakers
| 13 || 0 || 3.1 || .375 || .000 || .750 || .5 || .1 || .0 || .0 || .7
|-
| align="left" | 2011
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 9 || 0 || 5.3 || .556 || .000 || .000 || 1.0 || .1 || .0 || .0 || 1.1
|-class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2" | Career
| 46 || 0 || 4.2 || .404 || .500 || .833 || .8 || .2 || .0 || .0 || 1.1
EuroLeague
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#AFE6BA;"| 2012–13†
| style="text-align:left;"| Olympiacos
| 25 || 19 || 12.8 || 550 || .500 || .727 || 2.7 || .2 || .0 || .4 || 5.1 || 3.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2" | Career
| 25 || 19 || 12.8 || 550 || .500 || .727 || 2.7 || .2 || .0 || .4 || 5.1 || 3.9
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2001–02
| style="text-align:left;"| NC State
| 34 || – || 19.5 || .528 || .143 || .712 || 3.9 || .9 || .4 || .9 || 7.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2002–03
| style="text-align:left;"| NC State
| 31 || – || 27.0 || .571 || .375 || .739 || 5.3 || 1.0 || .6 || 1.3 || 12.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2" | Career
| 65 || – || 23.1 || .553 || .289 || .729 || 4.5 || 1.0 || .5 || 1.1 || 9.7
References
External links
Josh Powell at nba.com
Josh Powell at euroleague.net
1983 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American expatriate basketball people in South Korea
American expatriate basketball people in Switzerland
American expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks players
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel players
Basketball coaches from Georgia (U.S. state)
Basketball coaches from South Carolina
Basketball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Basketball players from South Carolina
Big3 players
Centers (basketball)
Changwon LG Sakers players
Dallas Mavericks players
Golden State Warriors players
Guangdong Southern Tigers players
Houston Rockets players
Indiana Pacers players
Juvecaserta Basket players
Liaoning Flying Leopards players
Los Angeles Clippers players
Los Angeles Lakers players
NC State Wolfpack men's basketball players
Olympiacos B.C. players
PBC Lokomotiv-Kuban players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Power forwards (basketball)
San Lorenzo de Almagro (basketball) players
Scafati Basket players
Sydney Kings players
Trotamundos B.B.C. players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Union Neuchâtel Basket players
American men's 3x3 basketball players
Khamsin Pass () is a pass at , running north–south between the Relay Hills and the Kinnear Mountains, southward of the Wordie Ice Shelf, Antarctic Peninsula. An important pass used by the British Graham Land Expedition, 1936–37, and subsequent parties, it allows easy access from the Wordie Ice Shelf into Palmer Land. It was named in 1977 by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in association with other wind names in the area, Khamsin being the warm southerly wind in Egypt that comes from the Sahara.
See also
Rendezvous Rocks
References
Mountain passes of Palmer Land
Košice-Sever (English: Košice-North, ) is a borough (city ward) of Košice, Slovakia. Located in the Košice I district, it lies at an altitude of roughly above sea level. It is one of the more populous boroughs of the city, as well as the largest of all 22 boroughs, which contributes to its low overall population density. Along with the neighbouring borough of Kavečany, Košice-Sever is the most popular recreational area in the city, frequented particularly by locals, but also visitors.
Statistics
Area:
Population: 20,281 (December 2017)
Density of population: 370/km² (December 2017)
District: Košice I
Mayor: František Ténar (as of 2018 elections)
Tourist attractions
Hradová hill
Košice Castle
Hradová observation tower
Bankov recreational area
Jahodná recreational area
Anička pond and recreational area
Narrow-gauge heritage railway Čermeľská železnica (also Detská železnica, "Children's Railroad")
Alpinka golf course
Hiking trails
Cycling trails
Gallery
References
External links
Official website of the Košice-Sever borough
Article on the Košice-Sever borough at Cassovia.sk
Official website of Košice
Boroughs of Košice
When a Girl Marries is an American daytime radio drama that was broadcast on three major radio networks from 1939 to 1957. Created by Elaine Sterne Carrington (who also was responsible for Pepper Young's Family and Rosemary), it was the highest rated soap opera during the mid-1940s.
Air dates and audience
The series premiered May 29, 1939, on CBS, moving to NBC on September 29, 1941, and then to ABC on July 2, 1951. As it began its third year on the air, the program's audience was estimated at 8 million per week.
Sponsors included Prudential Insurance.
Synopsis
Promoted as "the tender, human story of young married life, dedicated to everyone who has ever been in love," the convoluted plot threads followed a married couple, Harry Davis (John Raby, Robert Haag) and Joan Field Davis (Noel Mills, Mary Jane Higby), as they confronted endless problems in the small town of Stanwood. Carrington created numerous conflicts by contrasting Harry's impoverished background with Joan's high society family.
Cast and crew
Others in the cast included Michael Fitzmaurice, Marion Barney, Ellen Fenwick and Staats Cotsworth. Announcers included Frank Gallop, Bill Mazer and George Ansbro. Music was by organist Rosa Rio and others.
Internationally
A long-running Australian version was broadcast on the Major Broadcasting Network. Prior to World War II, transcription discs of many U.S. programs were imported into Australia, but after America entered the war, this became impossible, but scripts were still able to be imported, and the Australian version was based on the U.S. program. A download of the first Australian episode is available on YouTube.
TV spinoff
On August 3, 1953, Follow Your Heart debuted on NBC-TV. Created by Carrington, the program was based on the early scripts of When a Girl Marries. It was off the air by January 8, 1954.
References
External links
4-page photo feature and review of When a Girl Marries from TV-Radio Mirror magazine
When a Girl Marries "novelette" in Radio and Television Mirror May 1940, page 15
1939 radio programme debuts
1957 radio programme endings
1930s American radio programs
1940s American radio programs
1950s American radio programs
American radio soap operas
NBC radio programs
CBS Radio programs
ABC radio programs
Gays.com (not to be confused with Gay.com) is an LGBT social networking service and website launched on 17 May 2008, operated and privately owned by Gays.com Limited. Users must register before using the service, after which they may create a personal profile, add other users as friends and exchange messages.
The June 2008 issue of City Weekend magazine referred to Gays.com as "the gay Facebook".
History
In 2006, the purchase of the domain name for $500,000 by German entrepreneurs Julius and David Dreyer was a record sale for the year and one of the highlights of the domain name industry. The website launched as a closed beta in Shanghai on 17May 2008 and was timed to coincide with the fourth International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. Gays.com became open beta on 10 September 2008.
See also
Homosocialization
References
External links
Gays.com
2008 establishments in Germany
Gay men's websites
LGBT organisations in Germany
LGBT-related Internet forums
Same-sex online dating
Internet properties established in 2008
German social networking websites
Online dating services of Germany
Chloé Leurquin (born 9 August 1990) is a Belgian professional golfer from Waterloo, Belgium.
Leurquin won the Mineks Ladies Classic on the LET Access Series in 2013.
In 2014, they were the leader after two rounds at the Xiamen Open International.
Leurquin has played on the Ladies European Tour since 2014.
 They are sponsored by Ricoh.
Professional wins
LET Access Series
2013 Mineks Ladies Classic
Team appearances
Amateur
European Ladies' Team Championship (representing Belgium): 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011
Espirito Santo Trophy (representing Belgium): 2010, 2012
Professional
European Championships (representing Belgium): 2018
References
External links
Belgian female golfers
Ladies European Tour golfers
Olympic golfers of Belgium
Golfers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Sportspeople from Walloon Brabant
1990 births
Living people
Cyrus Baldwin may refer to:
Cyrus Baldwin (engineer) (1773–1854), American civil engineer
Cyrus G. Baldwin (1852–1931), president of Pomona College and hydroelectric power entrepreneur
Petrine Caroline Georgine Fredstrup (2 June 1827- 24 September 1881), was a Danish ballet dancer. They were regarded as one of the elite members of the Royal Danish Ballet from 1845 to 1871. They were also a respected ballet instructor.
References
1827 births
1881 deaths
Danish ballerinas
19th-century Danish ballet dancers
Royal Danish Ballet dancers
Ballet teachers
Adolf Gaston Abel (27 November 1882 – 3 November 1968) was a German architect. They competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
References
1882 births
1968 deaths
19th-century German architects
Olympic competitors in art competitions
The Bulletin des lois (Bulletin of the laws) was a publication created during the French Revolution, as an "official anthology of the laws, orders and regulations that govern" the people. It was created by the decree of 14 Frimaire of year II of the French Republican calendar (December 4, 1793).
In the horrible and bloody disorder of Reign of Terror, the National Convention and the Committee of Public Safety, concerned with channeling and coordinating their actions, felt it necessary to create an organ by which to get news of votes in Paris to various scattered parts of the administration, notably those in the provinces. It was for this purpose that the Bulletin was created. A commission was specially created to supervise the sending-out of this publication to all the towns. The first issue of the Bulletin des lois appeared on 22 prairial of year II (June 10, 1794). Publication continued until 1931.
References
Newspapers of the French Revolution
The 1947 Italian presidential election was undertaken to elect a provisional head of the Italian State.
Background
Enrico De Nicola submitted their resignation on 25 June 1947, officially for health reasons, but also to regain legitimacy after the annual term of the Constituent Assembly of Italy, to which even their term was tied, had expired.
Enrico De Nicola, however, was still re-elected as Provisional Head of State on 26 June 1947. From 1 January 1948 they assumed the title of President of the Italian Republic in accordance with the first final provision of the Constitution of Italy.
Result
References
Presidential elections in Italy
Fenualoa is the second largest island in the Reef Islands, administratively located in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu.
Geography
The estimated terrain elevation above sea level is some 17 metres. At low tide, Fenualoa is connected to the neighboring island of Nifiloli to the north. The west side of the island is mainly sandy beaches facing the huge lagoon and the Great Reef. The east side is steep rocky cliffs with the deep Forest Passage separating Fenualoa from the largest island of the group Lomlom.
Population
The island is very densely populated with four main villages, each made up of sub-villages and total approximately 1500 inhabitants (2008), all on the west side of the 8 km by 600m long and thin island. The largest villages are Tuo (Tuwo), Maluba, Tanga and Malapu (running south to north). There are three schools on the island and the people are Melanesian. A few yachts (1 or 2 per year) visit the island by entering the huge lagoon through the Great Reef (the lagoon is approximately 25 km east west by 8 km north south). There is no scheduled transport to the island.
Gallery
References
External links
Fenualoa on Solomonislands.com.sb
Fenualoa Island Bird Checklist
Islands of the Solomon Islands
Umbrella House is a former squat and a Housing Development Fund Corporation in New York City's East Village, at 21-23 Avenue C. The squat, formed in 1988, was known for its political engagement and high level of collective organization among its members. In 2010, the building officially became a housing cooperative.
History
The building that became Umbrella House was constructed in 1899, under the Old Law Tenement provisions, by architect Michael Bernstein. In 1900, the building was purchased by brothers Benjamin Nieburg, a button and paper peddler, and Louis Nieburg, for $31,800. The building had various owners until the 1970s, when its owner Benjamin Cohen died in 1976. It was then sold to Lacer Realty and then repossessed by the city. The building was given to Adopt-a-Building, an interfaith group, which sealed up the building and put cinder blocks in the window. As described by Herman Hewitt, who worked for the nonprofit at the time, "We wanted to stop urban renewal, and preserve the existing housing style so we could turn it over to the community. Sealing up the building was our way to do that.”
A documentary produced by DCTV in 1984, Urban Indians, shows that the building was originally squatted by Native Americans. The film mainly follows Joe Killsright, a Sioux Indian from South Dakota, and documents the struggles of everyday life in NYC that they and their community faces, such as the lack of access to heat, electricity, and health care. One of the squatters refer to the building as "a Native American survival house".
In November 1988, shortly after the Tompkins Square Park Riot, a group of five people broke into the back of the building with a sledgehammer. The group included Steven Ashmore, a 28 year old art student and go-go dancer. The group had chosen the building because it was well constructed and neglected. The five people moved into the building, but the group had been reduced to three people after two weeks.
When the group first entered the building, it was derelict. There were syringes, wet clothes, and feces on the ground. Windows and doors were covered in bricks, and the only sunlight came from a hole in the ceiling. Additionally, the building had a leaky roof; the squatters joked that they needed umbrellas inside, hence the origin of the nickname "Umbrella House." While the roof has since been repaired, the nickname has been maintained through the display of umbrellas on the building's facade.
The first winter at Umbrella House was difficult for the group. By the spring, more people began arriving in the squat, and they helped improve the space. The roof was repaired, the windows were sealed, masonry began to be repaired, and large amounts of debris were removed. Early members of the squat included "several powerful women" and "an experienced European squatter." Over time, a "significant Colombian population" developed as well.
During the spring of 1989, the building next to Umbrella House was beginning to collapse, and a demolition crew with a wrecking ball arrived on the site. Police stated that the squatters would need to leave the space. With the help of a lawyer, the squatters were able to make a deal with the police to stay in the building during the demolition period.
Squatters continued to issue improvements to the building in the following years. A basic electric system was installed and floors were put down. A connection was made to a sewer line underground, so that the squat could be connected to the water and sewage system of New York City. People were responsible for the work within their own apartments, but some building work was also done by contractors.
Umbrella House residents benefited from the organizational and construction experience of their members. As explained in Ours to Lose: When Squatters Became Homeowners in New York City, "Residents of Umbrella House and 209 had the bureaucratic management skills and the construction skills to control the amount of work done by contractors and do the rest of the work themselves." Furthermore, Umbrella House members had experience managing finances in a collective environment.
The squat members aimed to issue improvements according to New York City building codes. While this may have seemed irrational to some, since it cost more money and the squat members could have still been evicted, the members had a rationale for this decision. They felt that, by issuing meaningful improvements, they were building a stronger case for their claim over the building.
The building had a large storefront space. It was used to host parties and hold meetings. The squat became known for its parties and public events.
Squatters were evicted during a 1995 police raid. Umbrella House residents took their case to court, where a judge ruled in their favor under the law of adverse possession and they were allowed to return to their homes.
By 1997, all of the units in the building had plumbing and electricity. Each unit was occupied, with a total of over 20 residents living in the building.
In 2002, Umbrella House was one of eleven squatted buildings sold to their residents for one dollar per buildings, in a deal organized by the Urban Homesteading Assistance Board (UHAB). UHAB assisted with conversion of the house into a Housing Development Fund Corporation; it is now officially a cooperative known as Umbrella House HDFC. It contains 18 units with approximately 32 residents.
In 2010, the building officially became a housing cooperative.
By 2016, the storefront space was being leased to two local businesses at market rate: a barbershop and a cash-checking business. The revenue from the rental of these storefront spaces helps keeps housing costs down for the residents of Umbrella House.
Rooftop Garden
More recently, residents of Umbrella House have constructed a 820-square-foot garden on the roof of the building. Since its inception in 2012, the garden provides fresh herbs and vegetables for the building's residents.
See also
ABC No Rio
Bullet Space
C-Squat
Dos Blockos
Loisaida
Lower East Side
References
External links
Squats in the United States
East Village, Manhattan
Legalized squats
Community gardening
Housing in New York City
The Mass Psychology of Fascism () is a 1933 psychology book written by the Austrian psychoanalyst and psychiatrist Wilhelm Reich, in which the author attempts to explain how fascists and authoritarians come into power through their political and ideologically-oriented sexual repression on the popular masses.
Background
Reichoriginally from Galicia in the Austro-Hungarian Empire and practicing psychoanalysis and psychiatry in Viennajoined the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ) in 1928. They joined the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) upon moving their psychoanalytic practice to Berlin in 1930. However, The Mass Psychology of Fascism was seen as being so critical of the communist regime in the Soviet Union that Reich was considered to be a liability to the KPD, and was subsequently kicked out of the party upon the book's publication in 1933.
Summary
The question at the heart of Reich's book was this: why did the masses turn to authoritarianism even though it is clearly against their interests? In 1933, Reich set out to analyze "the economic and ideological structure of (particularly) German society between 1928 and 1933" in this book. The healthy alternative, they propose, is a form of "Workers Democracy", whereby those who 'do' the actual work make the decisions as to what, how and why.
Reich argued that the reason why German fascism (i.e., Nazism) was chosen over communism was that of increased sexual repression in Germany – as opposed to the somewhat more liberal (post-revolutionary) Russia. As children, members of the (German) proletariat learned from their parents to suppress nearly all sexual desire and – instead – expend the repressed energy into authoritarian idealism. Hence, in adults, any rebellious and sexual impulses experienced would cause fundamental anxiety and – therefore, instead – social control is used to reduce anxiety. Fear of revolt, as well as fear of sexuality, were thus "anchored" in the 'character structure' of the masses (the majority). This influenced the irrationality of the 'people' and allowed (irrational) 'populistic' ideology to flourish, Reich argued:
Suppression of the natural sexuality in the child, particularly of its genital sexuality, makes the child apprehensive, shy, obedient, afraid of authority, good and adjusted in the authoritarian sense; it paralyzes the rebellious forces because any rebellion is laden with anxiety; it produces, by inhibiting sexual curiosity and sexual thinking in the child, a general inhibition of thinking and of critical faculties. In brief, the goal of sexual suppression is that of producing an individual who is adjusted to the authoritarian order and who will submit to it in spite of all misery and degradation. Initially, the child has to submit to the structure of the authoritarian miniature state, the family, which process makes it capable of later subordination to the general authoritarian system. The formation of the authoritarian structure takes place through the anchoring of sexual inhibition and anxiety.
Reich noted that the symbolism of the swastika, evoking the fantasy of the primal scene, showed in spectacular fashion how Nazism systematically manipulated the collective unconscious. A repressive family, a baneful religion, a sadistic educational system, the terrorism of the party, fear of economic manipulation, fear of racial contamination, and permitted violence against minorities all operated in and through individuals' (the collective) unconscious psychology of emotions, traumatic experiences, fantasies, libidinal economies, and so on, and Nazi political ideology and practice exacerbated and exploited these tendencies.
For Reich, fighting fascism meant first of all studying it scientifically, which was to say, using the methods of psychoanalysis. They believed that reason alone would be able to check the forces of irrationality and loosen the grip of mysticism and is also capable of playing its own part in developing original modes of political action, building on a deep respect for life, and promoting a harmonious channelling of libido and orgastic potency. Reich proposed "work democracy", a self-managing form of social organization that would preserve the individual's freedom, independence, autonomy and encourage his/her responsibility and society would thus base itself on these principles: Love, work and knowledge are the well-springs of our life. They should also govern it.
Banning
The book, along with many others banned by the Nazis when they came to power, was publicly burnt in the Nazi book burnings. Reich realized they were in considerable danger and hurriedly left Germany; first going to Austria (to see their ex-wife and children) and then to 'exile' in Denmark, Sweden & subsequently Norway. Reich was also subsequently expelled from the International Psychoanalytical Association in 1934 for their political militancy and their views on sexuality. This book – and all of Reich's published books – were later ordered to be burned on the request of the Food and Drug Administration by a judge in Maine, United States in 1954.
The authoritarian family as the first cell of the fascist society
Chapter V contains the famous statement that the family is the first cell of the fascist society:
Gilles Deleuze and Félix Guattari reprised Reich arguments in their joint work Anti-Oedipus (1972), in which they discuss the formation of fascism at the molecular level of society.
See also
Psychoanalytic sociology
Right-wing authoritarian personality
The Authoritarian Personality
The True Believer
References
Informational notes
Citations
External links
Full text at archive.org
1933 non-fiction books
Anti-fascist books
Books about authoritarianism
Books about fascism
Books about the far right
Books about the Oedipus complex
German non-fiction books
Psychoanalytic books
Works by Wilhelm Reich
William James "Buddy" Hirsch (January 11, 1909 – October 25, 1997) was an American Hall of Fame trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses. They were born in San Francisco, California, the son of Hall of Fame trainer Max Hirsch.
A trainer from 1932 to 1982, Buddy Hirsch served as a trainer for the King Ranch of Texas for more than 40 years. Although best remembered for their affiliation with King Ranch, in California they trained horses for several other prominent owners from the East Coast such as Harry Isaacs, Alfred Vanderbilt Jr., Joan and John Hay Whitney's Greentree Stable as well as Edward Lasker and their wife, the actor Jane Greer.
Hirsch graduated from Georgetown University and worked during the Great Depression era at a Wall Street brokerage owned by Thoroughbred racing fan and stable owner Bernard Baruch. During World War II, Hirsch served with the United States Army and earned a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart.
In 1977, Hirsch turned over training duties for King Ranch to their son, Bill. In 1982, Hirsch was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1982. They died at age 88 in 1997 at Bal Harbour, Florida, and was buried next to their parents in the Cemetery of the Holy Rood in Westbury, Long Island, New York.
References
1909 births
1997 deaths
American stockbrokers
American horse trainers
United States Army personnel of World War II
Deaths from dementia in Florida
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Burials at the Cemetery of the Holy Rood
Georgetown University alumni
Sportspeople from San Francisco
United States Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
20th-century American businesspeople
The Kandy Warriors (abbreviated as KW) is a franchise cricket team which competes in 2021 Lanka Premier League. The team is based in Kandy, Central Province, Sri Lanka. In October 2021, Kandy Tuskers changed their name to Kandy Warriors after announced as having new owners. The team was captained by Angelo Perera and coached by Lalchand Rajput.
Current squad
Players with international caps are listed in bold.
denotes a player who is currently unavailable for selection.
denotes a player who is unavailable for rest of the season.
Administration and support staff
Season standings
League table
League stage
Statistics
Most runs
Last updated: 28 January 2022
Source: ESPNcricinfo
Most wickets
Last updated: 28 January 2022
Source: ESPNcricinfo
References
Lanka Premier League
2021 Lanka Premier League
2021 in Sri Lankan cricket
Cricket leagues in Sri Lanka
Two vessels of the Royal Navy have borne the name Holly:
was a launched in Bermuda. They participated in the capture of San Sebastián in 1813, a campaign that resulted in the Admiralty awarding their crew the Naval General Service Medal. They were wrecked in January 1814.
was the trawler Kingston Coral that Cook, Welton & Gemmill, Beverley launched on 17 April 1930. The Royal Navy purchased them in November 1935 for use as a minesweeper and renamed them Holly. They were sold in 1947 and became the Norwegian trawler Dragaberg, which was wrecked off Faeringehavn, Greenland on 28 July 1961.
Royal Navy ship names
Neopycnodonte cochlear is a species of marine bivalve molluscs belonging to the family Gryphaeidae.
Fossil records
This species have been recorded as fossils from the Miocene to the Quaternary (from 15.97 to 0.012 Ma).
Description
Shells of Neopycnodonte cochlear can reach a size of about . Shells are usually brownish or purplish, quite thin, without prominent ribs. The lower valve is rounded, the upper valve is smaller.
Distribution
This species can be found in the North Atlantic Ocean (Azores) and in the Mediterranean Sea.
References
Gryphaeidae
Bivalves described in 1795
Taxa named by Giuseppe Saverio Poli
Forest–Ivanhoe Residential Historic District is a national historic district located at Hammond, Lake County, Indiana. The district encompasses 25 contributing buildings in an exclusively residential section of Hammond. The development began before 1923, the year its first house was constructed, on what had been "Eggebrech's Second Tract" that was sold around 1919. The builder Karl Hohenberger obtained the land and then saw their real estate development financed in part by Al Capone, who enabled them to build the first house according to their specifications that included steel skeleton to support the massive weight of a Spanish barrel-tile roof and concrete floors between the house's stories. This house also features the inclusion of steel plates in its outside walls in order to render it bullet-proof to the standards of the day. Capone and their organization used this house as a collection point for the proceeds of their bootlegged liquor, prostitution and other rackets that went on unchecked in Hammond until the early 1930s. The house was employed as a detention point for those customers of Capone who were unable to pay them timely and has bulletholes on its outside and inside to attest to the ruthlessness of that notorious criminal organization. Numerous spent .22 caliber bullets have turned up in the back patio from this era. The house was seized under a writ of judicial forfeiture in 1932 by Judge Henry Clay Cleveland, whose wife Florence Hammond was the granddaughter of George Hammond, city founder and proprietor of its meat-packing operation. It developed between about 1925 and 1952, and includes notable example of Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival, Spanish Colonial and English Cottage style residential architecture. Most of the residences have attached garages.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
References
External links
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Indiana
Tudor Revival architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Hammond, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
Ciara Lucey is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2005.
One of just three Dublin players to win awards in the history of the scheme, they were play-maker as Dublin won the All-Ireland Junior Camogie Championship in 2005 for the first time in 30 years.
Lucey's great grandfather, Séamus Gardiner, was President of the GAA from 1943 to 1946. Them father, Peter Lucey, was manager of the Dublin team that won the 2005 All-Ireland Junior Camogie Championship. Them sister, Emer Lucey has also played senior camogie with Ballyboden St Enda's and Dublin.
References
External links
Profile in Cúl4kidz magazine
RTÉ radio interview with Ciara Lucey ahead of 2005 junior final
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ballyboden St Enda's camogie players
Dublin camogie players
UCD camogie players
The 1960 Mississippi State Maroons football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1960 NCAA University Division football season.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Maroons football
Altınyaka is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Benjamin Wistar Morris (sometimes spelled "Wister"; 1762–1825) was the founder of Wellsboro, Pennsylvania. Samuel Wells Morris, Morris' son, was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives. Their grandson was Episcopal bishop Benjamin Wistar Morris, II, and their great grandson was Benjamin Wistar Morris, III, a noted architect.
Morris was the son of Captain Samuel and Rebecca (Wistar) Morris. Benjamin Morris, an agent of the Pine Creek Land Company, settled in Tioga County, Pennsylvania about 1805 with their wife Mary Wells Morris. Wellsboro may have been named in honor of Mary or a member of Mary's family. William Wells, Mary's brother, was a leader of the land company for whom Benjamin worked. At the time they settled in the county, the Morris' log house was the only home in what is now the borough of Wellsboro.
References
People from Wellsboro, Pennsylvania
1762 births
1825 deaths
Volodymyr Atamas (born 15 July 1950) is a Soviet sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1950 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Soviet male sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Place of birth missing (living people)
Universiade silver medalists for the Soviet Union
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Luis Gabriel Rentería (September 13, 1988 – March 6, 2014) was a Panamanian football forward, who played at the end of their professional career for Tauro in the Liga Panameña de Fútbol.
Club career
Nicknamed Matagatos (Catkiller), Rentería started their career at Orión and played the majority of their career for Tauro but joined Bolivar after one-year on loan at Colombian side Real Cartagena where they scored 2 goals in 19 appearances. Renteria was the leading goalscorer in Panama's Primera Division and played their final game in September 2013 against Plaza Amador.
International career
Rentería made their debut for Panama in a September 2010 friendly match against Costa Rica and had earned a total of 26 caps, scoring 6 goals. They have represented their country in 4 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2011 Copa Centroamericana as well as at the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Their final international was a February 2013 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Costa Rica.
Personal life
In October 2013, Rentería was diagnosed with lupus. They died from this disease on March 6, 2014 after being hospitalized for eight months in the Hospital Santo Tomas.
Honours
Primera Division Champions (2010)
Primera Division Top goalscorer (2010, 2012)
CONCACAF Champions League 2010/2011 (participant)
Copa Centroamericana 2011 (3rd place)
Gold Cup 2011 (semi-finalist)
References
External links
1988 births
2014 deaths
Sportspeople from Panama City
Association football forwards
Panamanian footballers
Panama international footballers
2011 Copa Centroamericana players
2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Tauro F.C. players
Real Cartagena footballers
Club Bolívar players
Categoría Primera A player
Bolivian Primera División players
Panamanian expatriate footballers
Panamanian expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Deaths from lupus
Liga Panameña de Fútbol players
Kizganbashevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Nizhnekaryshevsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 158 as of 2010. There are 7 streets.
Geography
Kizganbashevo is located 39 km south of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Starokaragushevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
Birsky Uyezd
Akçaören is a village in the Kemer district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Kemer District, Burdur
In accounting and contractual law, "golden hello" is a term used for several different arrangements:
A payment made to induce an employee to take up employment from a specific employer in form of a welcome package or a payment from a rival employer to entice the employee to leave the other company.
A payment from a government to employer (private company) during an economic recession who takes on new staff, usually superfluously, when job openings in general are scarce.
In the United Kingdom, a financial incentive for graduates in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) who are pursuing a career in teaching.
Risks and advantages
If the employee is worth the money
A hiring company may spend millions of dollars for a golden hello package, hoping the poached executive generates more benefits for them than the cost of bonuses. Following the financial crisis of 2008–2009, such compensation methods have become controversial.
If the payment rate is right
It's difficult to make the payment rate be an incentive for employees. Generally, employees who are senior-level receive higher golden hellos than entry-level or mid-level employees, considering the skills, experience and talent for specific positions.
Attracting talented recruitment
In a study by Aerotek and the Human Capital Institute, 46% of professionals (570) at companies said that the best way to attract senior-level employees is bonuses. Employers can offer a one-time signing bonus or promise a specific timeline for raises to salaries.
Building trust between employee and new hire
Golden Hello build the foundation for a positive relationship between an employer and a new employee. The study indicated that trust is built between employers and new hire when employers offer signing bonuses. This is also incentive for new employers to work harder.
Golden hello for academies
In the UK, a golden hello is financial incentive, not for executives, but for attracting graduates in STEM (science, technology, engineering and maths) into teaching in an maintained secondary school.
The scholarships, funded by Department of Education, were introduced in 2011 and are offering £30,000 for graduates with a good degree in physics, chemistry, computing or maths in 2016/17.
According to the document of National College for Teaching and Leadership, golden hello is only available to teachers "who trained through a postgraduate initial teacher training (ITT) course leading to qualified teacher status (QTS)". Teachers must meet the training, teaching and application criteria, in oder to be eligible for golden hello payment.
Golden hello for high-ranking executives
In the United States, golden hellos are typically offered to high-ranking executives by major corporations and may be valued in the millions of dollars. They are said to have become "larger and more common" starting around the mid 1990s.
Further reading
Golden boot compensation
Golden handcuffs
Golden handshake
Golden parachute
Voluntary redundancy
Signing bonus
References
External links
Golden Hello Investopedia
Investors shooting themselves in foot with acceptance of "golden hellos"
Golden Hello eligibility criteria and guidance for academies( National College for teaching&leadership)
Can offering a signing bonus motivate effort?
Scholarship Fundings from Department of Education
Pay without Performance
Four Reasons Signing Bonuses are Worth the Money
Business terms
Employment compensation
Recruitment
Catholic High School may refer to:
Asia
Catholic High School, Singapore
Catholic High School, Malaysia, Petaling Jaya, Selangor
Catholic High School Sibu, Malaysia
Australia
Catholic High School, Griffith, New South Wales
United States
Pope John Paul II Catholic High School (Huntsville, Alabama)
Catholic High School for Boys (Little Rock, Arkansas)
Catholic High School (Baton Rouge, Louisiana)
Catholic High School (New Iberia, Louisiana)
Catholic High School (Kingston, New York)
Catholic High School (New Ulm, Minnesota)
Catholic High School (Virginia), Virginia Beach, Virginia; formerly Bishop Sullivan Catholic High School
Allentown Central Catholic High School, Allentown, Pennsylvania
Roman Catholic High School, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
See also
Catholic school
Kerry McLean, born in Ballymoney, is a broadcaster with BBC Radio Ulster. They were educated at Dalriada School, Ballymoney, La Sainte Union, Southampton, University College, London, where they studied French, Education and English Literature, and Psychology at Ulster University.
They joined the BBC in 1993 and over the next six years worked in the following: news and current affairs in Belfast on Good Morning Ulster; in Glasgow on Good Morning Scotland; in London on the Today programme on BBC Radio 4; and later for the Ukrainian and then Education sections of the BBC World Service. Them broadcasting career includes early stints as a traffic and travel reporter, presenting the English/French bilingual output for West Africa for the BBC World Service and, Weekend Extra for BBC Radio Ulster. From 2014 until 2019, Kerry had an afternoon slot, 15:00 - 17:00, Monday - Thursday. Since 2019, they have presented a show at the weekends on BBC Radio Ulster. Kerry has also worked as a newspaper columnist for the Belfast Telegraph and hosts the Parentline podcast.
Kerry lives in Ballymoney with their husband Ralph and has three children, Tara, Dan and Eve.
References
External links
Kerry McLean (BBC Radio Ulster)
1975 births
British radio personalities
Living people
Helal Saeed Humaid Saeed Al Saeed (; born 12 May 1977), simply known as Helal Saeed is an Emirati professional footballer playing as a midfielder.
External links
Arabian Gulf League profile
1977 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Emirati footballers
Al Ain FC players
Al Jazira Club players
UAE Pro League players
United Arab Emirates international footballers
2007 AFC Asian Cup players
Anytos or Anytus () was one of the Titans of Greek mythology. They were supposed to have raised Despoina, and in Arcadia during Pausanias' time the two were represented by statues in a temple near Acacesium.
Notes
References
Pausanias, Pausanias Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, Massachusetts, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Smith, William; Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology, London (1873). Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Titans (mythology)
In chemistry, an oxocarbon or oxide of carbon is a chemical compound consisting only of carbon and oxygen. The simplest and most common oxocarbons are carbon monoxide (CO) and carbon dioxide (). Many other stables (practically if not thermodynamically) or metastable oxides of carbon are known, but they are rarely encountered, such as carbon suboxide ( or ) and mellitic anhydride ().
Many other oxides are known today, most of them synthesized since the 1960s. Some of these new oxides are stable at room temperature. Some are metastable or stable only at very low temperatures, but decompose to simpler oxocarbons when warmed. Many are inherently unstable and can be observed only momentarily as intermediates in chemical reactions or are so reactive that they exist only in gas phase or have only been detected by matrix isolation.
Graphene oxide and other stable polymeric carbon oxides with unbounded molecular structures exist.
Overview
Carbon dioxide (CO2) occurs widely in nature, and was incidentally produced by humans since pre-historical times, by breathing, the combustion of carbon-containing substances and fermentation of foods such as beer and bread. It was gradually recognized as a chemical substance, formerly called spiritus sylvestris ("forest spirit") or "fixed air", by various chemists in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Carbon monoxide may occur in combustion, too, and was used (though not recognized) since antiquity for the smelting of iron from its ores. Like the dioxide, it was described and studied in the West by various alchemists and chemists since the Middle Ages. Its true composition was discovered by William Cruikshank in 1800.
Carbon suboxide was discovered by Benjamin Brodie in 1873, by passing electric current through carbon dioxide.
The fourth "classical" oxide, mellitic anhydride (C12O9), was apparently obtained by Liebig and Wöhler in 1830 in their study of mellite ("honeystone"), but was characterized only in 1913, by Meyer and Steiner.
Brodie also discovered in 1859 a fifth compound called graphite oxide, consisting of carbon and oxygen in ratios varying between 2:1 and 3:1; but the nature and molecular structure of this substance remained unknown until a few years ago, when it was renamed graphene oxide and became a topic of research in nanotechnology.
Notable examples of unstable or metastable oxides that were detected only in extreme situations are dicarbon monoxide radical (:C=C=O), carbon trioxide (CO3), carbon tetroxide (), carbon pentoxide (), carbon hexoxide () and 1,2-dioxetanedione (C2O4). Some of these reactive carbon oxides were detected within molecular clouds in the interstellar medium by rotational spectroscopy.
Many hypothetical oxocarbons have been studied by theoretical methods but have yet to be detected. Examples include oxalic anhydride (C2O3 or O=(C2O)=O), ethylene dione (C2O2 or O=C=C=O) and other linear or cyclic polymers of carbon monoxide (-CO-)n (polyketones), and linear or cyclic polymers of carbon dioxide (-CO2-)n, such as the dimer 1,3-dioxetanedione (C2O4).
General structure
Normally, carbon is tetravalent, while oxygen is divalent, and in most oxocarbons (as in most other carbon compounds) each carbon atom may be bound to four other atoms, while oxygen may be bound to at most two. Moreover, while carbon can connect to other carbons to form arbitrarily large chains or networks, chains of three or more oxygens are rarely if ever observed. Thus the known electrically neutral oxocarbons generally consist of one or more carbon skeletons (including cyclic and aromatic structures) connected and terminated by oxide (-O-, =O) or peroxide (-O-O-) groups.
Carbon atoms with unsatisfied bonds are found in some oxides, such as the diradical C2O or :C=C=O; but these compounds are generally too reactive to be isolated in bulk. Loss or gain of electrons can result in monovalent negative oxygen (-), trivalent positive oxygen (≡), or trivalent negative carbon (≡). The last two are found in carbon monoxide, −C≡O+. Negative oxygen occurs in most oxocarbon anions.
Linear carbon dioxides
One family of carbon oxides has the general formula CnO2, or O=(C=)nO — namely, a linear chain of carbon atoms, capped by oxygen atoms at both ends. The first members are
CO2 or O=C=O, the well-known carbon dioxide.
C2O2 or O=C=C=O, the extremely unstable ethylene dione.
C3O2 or O=C=C=C=O, the metastable carbon suboxide or tricarbon dioxide.
C4O2 or O=C=C=C=C=O, tetracarbon dioxide or 1,2,3-Butatriene-1,4-dione
C5O2 or O=C=C=C=C=C=O, pentacarbon dioxide, stable in solution at room temp. and pure up to −90 °C.
Some higher members of this family have been detected in trace amounts in low-pressure gas phase and/or cryogenic matrix experiments, specifically for n = 7 and n = 17, 19, and 21.
Linear carbon monoxides
Another family of oxocarbons are the linear carbon monoxides CnO. The first member, ordinary carbon monoxide CO, seems to be the only one that is practically stable in the pure state at room temperature (though it is not thermodynamically stable at standard temperature and pressure, see Boudouard reaction). Photolysis of the linear carbon dioxides in a cryogenic matrix leads to loss of CO, resulting in detectable amounts of even-numbered monoxides such as C2O, C4O, and C6O. The members up to n=9 have also been obtained by electrical discharge on gaseous C3O2 diluted in argon. The first three members have been detected in interstellar space.
When n is even, the molecules are believed to be in the triplet (cumulene-like) state, with the atoms connected by double bonds and an unfilled orbital in the first carbon — as in :C=C=O, :C=C=C=C=O, and, in general, :(C=)n=O. When n is odd, the triplet structure is believed to resonate with a singlet (acetylene-type) polar state with a negative charge on the carbon end and a positive one on the oxygen end, as in −C≡C−C≡O+, −C≡C−C≡C−C≡O+, and, in general, −(C≡C−)(n−1)/2C≡O+. Carbon monoxide itself follows this pattern: its predominant form is believed to be −C≡O+.
Radialene-type cyclic polyketones
Another family of oxocarbons that has attracted special attention are the cyclic radialene-type oxocarbons CnOn or (CO)n. They can be regarded as cyclic polymers of carbon monoxide, or n-fold ketones of n-carbon cycloalkanes. Carbon monoxide itself (CO) can be regarded as the first member. Theoretical studies indicate that ethylene dione (C2O2 or O=C=C=O) and cyclopropanetrione C3O3 do not exist. The next three members — C4O4, C5O5, and C6O6 — are theoretically possible, but are expected to be quite unstable, and so far they have been synthesized only in trace amounts.
On the other hand, the anions of these oxocarbons are quite stable, and some of them have been known since the 19th century. They are
C2O22−, acetylenediolate (Weiss and Büchner, 1963),
C3O32−, deltate (Eggerding and West, 1976),
C4O42−, squarate (Cohen and others, 1959),
C5O52−, croconate (Gmelin, 1825), and
C6O62−, rhodizonate (Heller, 1837).
The cyclic oxide C6O6 also forms the stable anions of tetrahydroxy-1,4-benzoquinone (C6O64−) and benzenehexol (C6O66−), The aromaticity of these anions has been studied using theoretical methods.
New oxides
Many new stable or metastable oxides have been synthesized since the 1960s, such as:
C10O8, benzoquinonetetracarboxylic dianhydride (Hammond, 1963).
C6O6, ethylenetetracarboxylic dianhydride, a stable isomer of cyclohexanehexone (Sauer and others, 1967).
C12O12 or C6(C2O4)3, hexahydroxybenzene trisoxalate (Verter and Dominic, 1967); stable as a tetrahydrofuran solvate.
C10O10 or C6O2(C2O4)2, tetrahydroxy-1,4-benzoquinone bisoxalate (Verter and others, 1968); stable as a tetrahydrofuran solvate.
C8O8 or C6O2(CO3)2, tetrahydroxy-1,4-benzoquinone biscarbonate (Nallaiah, 1984); decomposes at about 45–53 °C.
C9O9 or C6(CO3)3, hexahydroxybenzene triscarbonate (Nallaiah, 1984); decomposes at about 45–53 °C.
C24O6, a cyclic trimer of the biradical 3,4-dialkynyl-3-cyclobutene1,2-dione -C≡C-(C4O2)-C≡C- (Rubin and others, 1990);
C32O8, a tetramer of 3,4-dialkynyl-3-cyclobutene1,2-dione (Rubin and others, 1990);
C4O6, dioxane tetraketone or dimeric oxalic anhydride (Strazzolini and others, 1998); stable in Et2O at −30 °C, decomposes at 0 °C.
C12O6, hexaoxotricyclobutabenzene
Many relatives of these oxides have been investigated theoretically, and some are expected to be stable, such as other carbonate and oxalate esters of tetrahydroxy-1,2-benzoquinone and of the rhodizonic, croconic, squaric, and deltic acids.
Polymeric carbon oxides
Carbon suboxide spontaneously polymerizes at room temperature into a carbon-oxygen polymer, with 3:2 carbon:oxygen atomic ratio. The polymer is believed to be a linear chain of fused six-membered lactone rings, with a continuous carbon backbone of alternating single and double bonds. Physical measurements indicate that the mean number of units per molecule is about 5–6, depending on the formation temperature.
Carbon monoxide compressed to 5 GPa in a diamond anvil cell yields a somewhat similar reddish polymer with a slightly higher oxygen content, which is metastable at room conditions. It is believed that CO disproportionates in the cell to a mixture of CO2 and C3O2; the latter forms a polymer similar to the one described above (but with a more irregular structure), that traps some of the CO2 in its matrix.
Another carbon-oxygen polymer, with C:O ratio 5:1 or higher, is the classical graphite oxide and its single-sheet version graphene oxide.
Fullerene oxides and ozonides
More than 20 oxides and ozonides of fullerene are known:
C60O (2 isomers)
C60O2 (6 isomers)
C60O3 (3 isomers)
C120O
C120O4 (4 isomers)
C70O
C140O
and others.
See also
Oxocarbon anion
Pseudo-oxocarbon anion
Carbon nitride
References
