Stanley Loomis (21 December 1922 – 19 December 1972) was the author of four books on French history: Du Barry (1959), Paris in the Terror (1964), A Crime of Passion (1967), and The Fatal Friendship (1972). Their books have been published in eight languages and reprinted numerous times.
Biography
Stanley Pennock Loomis was born in New York City in 1922, the eldest of three sons of an industrial chemist and business person, Chauncey C. Loomis, and their wife Elizabeth (née McLanahan). They grew up in Stockbridge, Massachusetts, and attended the Lenox School in Lenox, Massachusetts.
They studied English at Columbia University, but their studies were interrupted by the war. They were trained in Japanese interpretation and served as a translator and intelligence officer in the Pacific. They were in Japan at the time of the Japanese surrender in 1945.
According to their obituary in the New York Times, their “interest in French literature began when they were a soldier in World War II. Between air raids on Okinawa, they read the 18th-century memoirs of the Duc de St. Simon.”
They returned to Columbia after the war and completed their B.A. in 1948. and obtained an additional M.A. in English. After graduating, they spent three years in France. Before settling into a writing career, they pursued a number of interests, including “working for a publisher, studying international trade in Arizona, even buying and selling a few paintings in Europe.”
A biographical note in the Saturday Review states: “He pursued their study of eighteenth-century France in much the same way their sophisticated figures lived their expensive lives: as a highly refined form of entertainment.” This “entertainment” became their life's work. They wrote their first book, a biography of Madame du Barry, mistress of Louis XV, after returning to the United States. It was published by Lippincott in 1959.
They married Virginia Lindsley Gignoux in 1960 and they had a son, Craig Putnam Loomis, in 1961. In 1965, they and their family began to spend the winter months in Paris. They lived first on the Quai Anatole France and later on the rue d'Anjou. They also spent time at the Chateau de Missery in Burgundy, a property belonging to a cousin.
In addition to their books, they wrote occasional articles and book reviews and offered tours to visiting American friends of some of the less-well-known corners of Paris and France.
They died in the American Hospital of Paris on December 19, 1972, after being hit by a car on the Place de la Concorde, just two days before what would have been their 50th birthday. Memorial services were held at the American Cathedral in Paris and in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. Their family returned to the United States after their death.
Books
Du Barry (1959): a story “told with brilliance and an admirable sense for comedy. Them later years are, fittingly enough, related in a more mellow, nostalgic key…Entertained at first, then moved, the reader, after the admirable final paragraph, is left pensive. Few books are published of which this could be said.”
Paris in the Terror (1964): “Stanley Loomis describes massacres, conspiracies and confrontations with eloquence and power.  They are fascinating in their remarks about the plight of the impoverished rural nobility, 'pedigreed peasants,' about the homicidal mania of Marat and their followers, about the clash of personalities in the shadow of the guillotine. And they regularly drop wise, cynical or provocative remarks."
A Crime of Passion (1967): “As a historian, Mr. Loomis has reconstructed for us an impeccable period piece and they have been artful, depositing their poisoned knowledge sparingly here and there, in bringing their story to a flood: the technique of 'The Turn of the Screw.'”
The Fatal Friendship (1972): “The hallmark of their writing, in this as in their previous book on Paris during the Terror, is fairness. They never stretches a fact to suit a thesis. They never chooses among conflicting interpretations the one that will best advance their narrative … These qualities of measure and restraint contribute to the persuasiveness of their account.”
References
External links
University of California, Berkeley
1922 births
1972 deaths
People from Stockbridge, Massachusetts
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Historians of France
20th-century American historians
20th-century American male writers
Pedestrian road incident deaths
American expatriates in France
MinNature Malaysia (previously known as MinNature) is a miniature gallery which focuses on Malaysia's culture and heritage. The gallery houses thousands of miniature sculptures crafted mostly by hand and, the buildings and structures are 3D designed and 3D printed. The gallery is currently situated inside Sungei Wang Plaza, Kuala Lumpur and is over 13,000 sq ft and is divided into 8 different zones.
History
The founder, Wan Cheng Huat, first thought of this concept idea to have a miniature world way back in 2008. It was inspired by the world's largest miniature train exhibition, Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg, Germany. Wan took over 5 years to fund raise the first gallery which was built in Summit USJ, Selangor back in 2014.
The 3D design and 3D print works started in June 2014 and it took over 2 years to completely fabricate all of the models for the first phase. The in situ construction and assembly started mid-March 2016 and was completed in November 2016. Over 88 people were involved with the first gallery construction. The gallery in Summit USJ operated from 2016 till 2019.
Works for the 2nd gallery at Sungei Wang Plaza started back in October 2018 and started renovation works started in July 2019. Over 40 people were involved with the 2nd gallery but 95% of the works done were completed by 8 of the core team; they are
Wan Cheng Huat
Janice Chin
Chan Chee Wing
Tan Hon Sen
Ng Jef Fre
Brian Tan
Eric Siow
Chua Helen
The first phase of the 2nd gallery opened to public on 29th February 2020 and was mostly closed since 18th March 2020 due to the COVID-19 lockdowns.
References
External links
MinNature website: http://minnature.com
2014 establishments in Malaysia
Transport in Malaysia
The Home Party (, literally "Red Party") is a minor party in the Republic of China (Taiwan), growing out of the "A Million Voices Against Corruption, President Chen Must Go" campaign in 2006.
References
External links
(archive)
2007 establishments in Taiwan
Political parties established in 2007
Social democratic parties in Taiwan
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 400 metre freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Thursday 15 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
Heats
B Final
A Final
See also
Swimming at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metre freestyle (Atlanta)
1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Men's 400m Freestyle (Gothenburg)
Swimming at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships – Men's 400 metre freestyle (Seville)
Swimming at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 400 metre freestyle (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
Malikia granosa is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, motile bacterium with one to two polar flagella from the new genus Malikia in family Comamonadaceae. It was isolated from activated sludge of a municipal wastewater treatment plant. Colonies of M. granosa are creamy–white in color.
References
External links
Type strain of Malikia granosa at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Comamonadaceae
Bacteria described in 2005
Vojtěch Jasný (30 November 1925 – 15 November 2019) was a Czech director, screenwriter and professor who has written and directed over 50 films. Jasný made feature and documentary films in Czechoslovakia, Germany, Austria, USA & Canada, and was a notable figure in the Czechoslovak New Wave movement of the 1960s.  They are best remembered for their movies The Cassandra Cat and All My Compatriots, both of which won prizes at Cannes Film Festival. In addition to their film career, they taught directing at film schools in Salzburg, Vienna, Munich and New York.
Life
Jasný was born in Kelč, Czechoslovakia on 30 November 1925. Their father was a teacher. In 1929 their father bought a movie projector for a local Sokol club, which provided Jasný's first introduction to cinema. After watching Renoir's The Little Match Girl they decided to become a filmmaker. During their teens, they made amateur movies on a 9mm camera. During WWII their father was arrested and sent to Auschwitz where they died in 1942. After the war Jasný went to study philosophy and Russian language, but they switched to study filmmaking at newly founded FAMU in 1946. Their professors were Karel Plicka, Vsevolod Pudovkin and hosting professors Cesare Zavattini and Giuseppe De Santis. Since 1950 they co-directed many documentaries with Karel Kachyňa. Their movies Desire and The Cassandra Cat were nominated for Palme d'Or. In 1968, they directed All My Compatriots which won the award for Best Director at the 1969 Cannes Film Festival.
After the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia following the Prague Spring of 1968 they decided to leave the country. Jasný made movies and taught at film schools in Austria, West Germany and Yugoslavia until relocating to Brooklyn, New York in the early 1980s. In the USA, Jasný taught film directing classes at Columbia University, School of Visual Arts and New York Film Academy and made several documentaries about Czechoslovakia. Their last feature film, Return to Paradise Lost, was made in 1999.
In 2009 Arkaitz Basterra Zalbide made a documentary about Jasný called Life and Film (The Labyrinthine Biographies of Vojtěch Jasný) which was later released as a book.
They died in Přerov, Czech Republic in November 2019, fifteen days shy of their 94th birthday.
Filmography
Feature films
Television films
1969: Warum ich Dich liebe
1970: — (based on by Heinrich Böll)
1972: Der Leuchtturm — (based on a story by Ladislav Mňačko)
1972: Nasrin oder Die Kunst zu träumen — (based on a play by )
1974: Der Kulterer — (based on by Thomas Bernhard)
1974: Frühlingsfluten — (based on Torrents of Spring)
1975: Des Pudels Kern — (screenplay by Ludvík Aškenazy)
1976: Alexander März — (screenplay by Heinar Kipphardt)
1976: Bäume, Vögel und Menschen
1977: Fairy — (screenplay by Lotte Ingrisch)
1977: Mein seliger Onkel
1977: Die Rückkehr des alten Herrn
1978: Die Freiheiten der Langeweile — (screenplay by )
1979: Die Stühle des Herrn Szmil — (based on a play by Heinar Kipphardt)
1979: Die Nacht, in der der Chef geschlachtet wurde — (based on a play by Heinar Kipphardt)
1980: Gospodjica ( Das Fräulein) — (based on a novel by Ivo Andrić)
1980: Ehe der Hahn kräht — (based on a play by )
1980: Die Einfälle der heiligen Klara — (based on The Ideas of Saint Clara by Jelena and Pavel Kohout)
1982: Wir — (based on We, the 1921 Russian novel by Yevgeny Zamyatin).
1983: — (based on by Georges Simenon)
1984: Bis später, ich muss mich erschießen — (based on The Suicide)
1984: The Blind Judge (TV series about John Fielding, 13 episodes) — (screenplay by Günter Kunert)
Documentaries
1950: Není stále zamračeno
1950: They Know What to Do (Vědeli si rady)
1950: Za život radostný
1952: Neobyčejná léta
1953: Lidé jednoho srdce
1954: Old Chinese Opera (Stará čínská opera)
1954: From a Chinese Notebook (Z čínského zápisníku)
1955: No Fear (Bez obav)
1969: Czech Rhapsody (Česká rapsodie)
1976: Ernst Fuchs
1989: Miloš Forman: Portrait
1991: Why Havel?
1999: Gladys
2002: Broken Silence (Segment "Hell on Earth")
References
External links
Jasný's Faculty Profile at SVA
Vojtech Jasny - a filmmaker in different eras
1925 births
2019 deaths
Czech film directors
Academy of Performing Arts in Prague alumni
Czechoslovak film directors
German-language film directors
People from Kelč
Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Director winners
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United States
August 26th is the debut mixtape by American rapper and singer Post Malone. It was released on May 12, 2016, by Republic Records on DatPiff. The mixtape features guest appearances from Larry June, 2 Chainz, FKi 1st, Jeremih, Lil Yachty, Jaden Smith, and Teo.
Background
The title was initially a reference to the release date of their debut studio album Stoney (2016), however, August 26, 2016, passed without its release. On August 27, 2016, Post Malone issued an apology for the delay of the release of their album, citing several problems, placing a blame on both themselves and their team for failing to come through with the album. They concluded the letter by promising the release of the album would materialize soon later in the year. The album was eventually released on December 9, 2016.
The track "Money Made Me Do It" featuring 2 Chainz was included as a bonus track on the deluxe edition of Stoney.
Track listing
Sample credits
"Hollywood Dreams / Comedown" contains samples of "Dreams" (1977), written by Stevie Nicks and performed by Fleetwood Mac.
"40 Funk" contains samples of "Drugs You Should Try It" performed by Travis Scott.
References
External links
Official download on DatPiff
2016 mixtape albums
Albums produced by FKi (production team)
Albums produced by Louis Bell
Post Malone albums
Vira-Varman (IAST: Vīravarman, reigned c. 1245-1285 CE) was a king of the Chandela dynasty of central India. They ruled the Jejakabhukti region (Bundelkhand in present-day Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh).
Viravarman succeeded Trailokyavarman as the Chandela king. They bore the usual Chandela imperial titles Parama-bhattaraka Maharajadhiraja Parameshvara Kalanjaradhipati. Like their predecessors, Viravarman issued copper coins and gold coins featuring a seated goddess.
According to the 1311 VS Charkhari inscription, Viravarman's general Rauta Abhi defeated Dabhyuhada-Varman of Chandreshvar-anvaya at Sondhi (modern Seondha). Viravarman also invaded Nalapura (modern Narwar), the capital of the Yajvapala ruler Gopala. The Dahi copper-plate inscription of the Chandelas claims that the Chandela general Mallaya defeated the lord of Nalapura. On the other hand, the Bangla and Narwar inscriptions of the Yajvapalas claim that Gopala defeated Viravarman. It is possible that Viravarman achieved some initial successes, but was forced to retreat.
According to the Muslim historians such as Firishta, the Delhi Sultan Nasiruddin Mahmud subjugated the Bundelkhand area around 1251 CE. However, they could not eliminate the Chandelas, as evident by the Chandela inscriptions dated after this period. A 1260 CE inscription of Viravarman's queen Kalyanadevi records the construction of a well and a tank at Nandipura.
According to a Kalanjara inscription, Viravarman commissioned several temples, gardens and water bodies. They also installed images of the deities such as Shiva, Kamala and Kali. An Ajaygarh inscription records the installation of a Jain image during their reign.
Viravarman was succeeded by Bhojavarman.
References
Bibliography
Chandelas of Jejakabhukti
13th-century Indian monarchs
Kökar () is an island municipality to the south-east of the Åland archipelago, Finland.
It is also one of the municipalities of Åland. It is reachable by boat from Långnäs on Åland or from Galtby with access to mainland Finland.
The municipality has a population of () and covers an area of of which is water. The population density is .
The municipality is unilingually Swedish.
The natural reserve of Östra Långskär is located there. Other notable islands include Kyrkogårdsö.
Ulla-Lena Lundberg, a Finnish author, was born in Kökar in 1947.
History
Kökar was first inhabited over 3,000 years ago by seal hunters. A Franciscan monastery was founded in Hamnö in the 15th century. Today the monastery is in ruins. The church dedicated to St. Anne was built in 1784 in the place of the old monastery church.
Sights
The church of St. Anne was built in the site of the old monastery church during the reign of king Gustav III and is located on the island of Hamnö. It is next to the ruins of the monastery. The belltower was built in the 19th century. The belltower had to be restored after an Autumn storm damaged it in 1978. A model of a sailing ship hangs in the church. It was given by a local sailor who had been captured by North African pirates but who later managed to escape. The model has 64 cannons.
The local museum was opened in 1988 and its purpose is to show how the people of Kökar lived in the 19th century and onwards to the 1940s. The now museum building, built in 1913, used to be an old school.
There is also a Bronze Age site dating back to 1150–1050 BC. It was found in 1918.
References
External links
Municipality of Kökar – Official website
The museum of Kökar's web site
Municipalities of Åland
Finnish islands in the Baltic
Landforms of Åland
Dave Barsley (3 October 1939 – 31 May 2021) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. They played for Western Suburbs and Newtown as a winger.
Early life
Barsley was born in Burwood but grew up out in Enfield located in Sydney's western suburbs. Barsley attended Enfield Primary School and Fort Street High School. At the age of 14 they began playing rugby league with South Strathfield. In the late 1950s, Barsley played A Grade with Concord United before catching the attention of Western Suburbs who signed him.
Playing career
Barsley made their first grade debut for Western Suburbs in 1959 against Newtown but broke their collarbone in the same match. In 1961, Barsley was part of the Western Suburbs side which won the minor premiership and made the grand final against the all conquering St George side. St George went on to win the grand final 22-0. In 1962, Barsley played on the wing in the 1962 grand final against St George. This time the match was a much closer affair but the Saints held on to win 9-6. In 1963, Wests qualified for their third straight grand final and again the opponent was St George. Barsley was not selected for the match because they could not get time off work and John Mowbray took their place in the side. Wests went on to lose 8-3 and this would be the last time the club would make a grand final before exiting the competition in 1999.
Barsley played with Western Suburbs for the following 4 seasons but left at the end of 1968 due to a dispute over pay with the club's management. In 1969, Barsley joined Newtown on a 3-year deal worth $4,500. Barsley spent 3 years at Newtown as the club struggled towards the bottom of the ladder. After leaving Newtown, Barsley joined the Ryde-Eastwood Hawks in the Ron Massey Cup competition. Barsley spent 3 years with Ryde-Eastwood and won the premiership with them in 1972. In the same year, Barsley was voted the season's best player. Barsley retired at the end of 1974.
References
1939 births
2021 deaths
Australian rugby league players
Country New South Wales rugby league team players
Newtown Jets players
Rugby league players from Sydney
Rugby league wingers
Western Suburbs Magpies players
Nina Bjerkedal (born 24 April 1953) is a Norwegian civil servant.
They graduated as siv.øk. from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration in 1975, worked for a short period as research assistant under Finn Kydland before starting a career in the Ministry of Finance.  They are currently deputy under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Finance, being in charge of the Government Pension Fund – Global.
References
1953 births
Living people
Norwegian civil servants
Norwegian economists
Norwegian School of Economics alumni
20th-century economists
Bootmen is a 2000 Australian-American romantic comedy film directed by Dein Perry. It was distributed by Fox Searchlight Pictures and funded by the Australian Film Finance Corporation. Production was from 19 June to 18 August 1999 in Sydney and Newcastle by cinematographer Steve Mason who won two cinematography awards in the 2000 AFI awards and the 2001 FCCA Awards. It stars Adam Garcia, Sophie Lee and Sam Worthington.
The film was released in Australia on 5 October 2000 and was Dein Perry's debut film, who was previously involved with stage shows such as Tap Dogs and Steel City. It is also known as Tap Dogs in Japan.
Plot
Sean and Mitchell are young adult brothers, having grown up in the rugged Australian steel city town of Newcastle. The father is a tough coal miner and they have no mother. Mitchell is a small-time criminal, while Sean dreams of being a professional dancer. Their father does not approve of Sean's dancing, so they hide their passion. Sean meets local hairdresser Linda at a dance class and falls in love with them Things look promising between them, but Sean leaves to make their mark. Mitchell confesses their love for them and they think Sean has left, so they end up getting drunk together and having a one-night stand.
Meanwhile, Sean gets a role as a dancer in a show. The star's girlfriend flirts with them and the star gives Sean a difficult time, culminating with Sean outdancing him. They get into a shouting match. Sean punches the star and is fired.
Sean returns to Newcastle and tries to pick up where they left off with Linda, only to be told that they are pregnant with Mitchell's child. They break ties with both Linda and Mitchell, creates their own dance troupe and plans to show the people of Newcastle what they can do. Their father's work needs money to keep the company open and Sean plans a benefit show.
Mitchell gets in trouble with local thugs and escapes on their motorbike. They later catch them in a warehouse and they plunge to their death. The police immediately charge the culprit. Sean, depressed over the death of their brother and that they were unforgiving, thinks about quitting until they find a tool that Mitchell designed, solving a technical problem with the show. Realizing that their brother believes in him, Sean is determined to honor their memory. The show goes on.
They charge $10 a head and estimate 5,000 patrons will attend the event, even Sean's proud Dad who now accepts their son as a dancer and tells Sean even their mother would be happy. Sean realises their dream of being a respected dancer, reconciles with Linda and pledges to help take care of their brother's child.
Cast
Adam Garcia as Sean Okden
Sophie Lee as Linda
Sam Worthington as Mitchell Okden
Richard Carter as Gary Okden
Andrew Kaluski as Colin
Christopher Horsey as Angus
Lee McDonald as Derrick
Matt Lee as Johnno
William Zappa as Walter
Susie Porter as Sara
Anthony Hayes
Justine Clarke
Grant Walmsley
Andrew Doyle
Bruce Venables
Tony Butterfield
Awards and nominations
Awards won
Australian Cinematographers Society (2001):
Award of Distinction (awarded to Feature Productions Cinema – Steve Mason)
Australian Film Institute (AFI) (2000):
Best Achievement in Cinematography: Steve Mason
Best Achievement in Costume Design: Tess Schofield
Best Achievement in Production Design: Murray Picknett
Best Achievement in Sound: David Lee, Laurence Maddy, Andrew Plain, Ian McLoughlin
Best Original Music Score: Cezary Skubiszewski
Film Critics Circle of Australia Awards (FCCA) (2001):
Best Cinematography: Steve Mason
Best Editing: Jane Moran
Best Music Score: Cezary Skubiszewski (tied with Edmund Choi for The Dish (2000)).
Award nominations
Australian Film Institute (AFI) (2000):
Best Achievement in Editing: Jane Moran
Best Film: Hilary Linstead
Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role: Sam Worthington
DVD release
The film was released on home video on 27 February 2001 by Fox Home Entertainment.
Soundtrack
The Bootmen Soundtrack was released by RCA Victor in 2000 and composed by Cezary Skubiszewski and other various artists.
Rumble – You Am I
Opening Sequence – Cezary Skubiszewski
Strange Human Beings – Regurgitator
Tease Me – Paul Kelly
My Family – Banana Oil
Sign Post – Grinspoon
Love Theme – Cezary Skubiszewski
Radio Loves This – Deborah Conway
Hit Song – Custard
Giveway – Supaskuba
Better Off Dead – Grinspoon
Doesn't It Get You Down – Deadstar
Nothing on My Mind – Paul Kelly
Nipple – Icecream Hands
Deeper Water – Deadstar
Finale Part 2 – Cezary Skubiszewski
Shiver – Oblivia
"Even When I'm Sleeping" – Leonardo's Bride
Junk – You Am I
Tap Forge – Dein Perry
Reception
Box office
Bootmen grossed $2,720,302 at the box office in Australia.
Critical reception
On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 35% based on 17 reviews, and an average rating of 4.90/10. On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 45 out of 100, based on 14 critics.
See also
Cinema of Australia
References
External links
https://www.ozmovies.com.au/movie/bootmen Bootman] at Oz Movies
2000 films
Australian comedy-drama films
2000 comedy-drama films
Films set in New South Wales
Fox Searchlight Pictures films
2000 directorial debut films
2000s English-language films
WT Small House is reputed to be the oldest continually inhabited home in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada. It is listed on the Kelowna Heritage Register as a highly valued example of early residential pioneer settlement in the Okanagan Valley.
The Home was constructed with adze-cut squared logs and dovetail joints on two-storey wood frame. William Thomas Small, a blind miller at The Lequime Mill built the original portion of the house in 1890 with three of their sons, Fred, Charles and William. The fieldstone fireplace in the parlour is carved with the year of construction '1890'. The house was sold in 1908 to James Hugh Baillie, who added a two-storey wood frame front in 1910. Baillie sold the house in 1918 to C. Graham, whose wife is reputed to have built a second fieldstone fireplace in the sitting room. In 1930, the house was bought by Arthur H. Raymer (1880–1956) and their wife Edith Small, the daughter of WT Small (1884–1951) who had grown up in the house. Raymer's father had been Kelowna's first mayor when the city was incorporated in 1905. Raymer's daughter, Hilda and their husband W. Sinclair-Thompson lived there with their son and daughter Terry Gilbert and Wendy Edith. The Mulberry tree on the property was brought to Kelowna on a wagon from Ontario by William Small. The heritage value of the building is characterised by the organic growth of more than a century from early pioneer vernacular architecture to modern additions while retaining the original portions, still easily defined and recognisable today.
Small's wife was instrumental in founding the first school in the Mission Creek area in 1894. Six local families (Small, Casorso, Berard, Crawford, Dickson and Smith) gathered to refurbish the old Fred Gillard cabin under the guidance of William Small, the only carpenter in the party, to provide the first school in the area for the eighteen local children. They were taught by Fred Watson until 1900 for the sum of $720 per year (Okanagan Historical Society).
References
City of Kelowna Heritage Building: W.T. Small House
Okanagan Historical Society
Kelowna Public Archives
Buildings and structures in Kelowna
Houses in British Columbia
Adolf Friedrich Harper (born 17 October 1725, Berlin — d. 23 June 1806, Berlin) was a German landscape painter.
Biography
Adolf Friedrich Harper was born in Berlin on 17 October 1725 to the Swedish-born Prussian cabinet painter . After their father's death, Harper visited France and Italy, where they studied landscape painting under Richard Wilson. Harper first found employment in Württemberg in 1756. Three years later, they were made court painter to Duke Charles Eugene, who also made Harper the director of their Academy of Fine Arts at the Karlsschule in 1761. In 1798, Harper retired from court and spent their last years in their hometown, Berlin.
Like Reinhard Heinrich Ferdinand Fischer and Nicolas Guibal, and other young artists sponsored by Charles Eugene, Harper had many commissions to fulfill and was constantly behind on them. Harper, whom Goethe called a "born landscape artist", was tasked with painting overdoors, studies of fruits and flowers, theater decorations, and frescoes with Guibal.
Harper died in Berlin on 23 June 1806.
Legacy
Since the presidency of Christian Wulff, Harper's Italian Landscape has hung on the wall behind the desk of the President of Germany.
See also
Reinhard Heinrich Ferdinand Fischer
Nicolas Guibal
Citations
References
Further reading
1725 births
1806 deaths
Artists from Berlin
German landscape painters
People from the Duchy of Württemberg
Ye Jia (, born ), is a former Chinese-born Hong Kong professional footballer.  They are an all-rounded player who can play as an attacking midfielder or a striker on the field.  They are currently the assistant coach of Hong Kong Premier League club Tai Po.
Early life
Ye Jia was born on 1 December 1981 in Shanghai, China. They played for amateur football team Shanghai Tianna in China Amateur Football League in 2002. After a season, another local club Shanghai The 9 bought Shanghai Tianna, turned professional and started to participate in China League Two, so Ye Jia became a professional football player.
Club career
Shanghai The 9
As their first professional team experience, Ye Jia did not contemplate breaking into the first team immediately but looked up to senior players like Ebelio Ordóñez. They always are a substitution player in league matches.
Tai Po
In the 2007–2008 season, Tai Po was the finalist of the FA Cup. Ye scored an important goal for the club against South China and brought the club to the final. This is the first time of the club to be the finalist of the FA Cup.
Tai Po got 3 straight wins against Tuen Mun Progoal, Sheffield United and Pegasus in the 2008–2009 season. As Ye was suspended for the first match, they played as a striker in the next 2 matches, giving 2 assists and a goal for the club. They also scored for the club in the semi-finals of FA Cup against Kitchee and Tai Po got into the final.
In the 2009–2010 season, Ye scored 7 goals in the first 6 matches. Moreover, in the match against Tuen Mun Progoal, they scored 4 goals.
South China
At the beginning of the 2019–20 season, Ye joined South China as an amateur player.
International career
As a Chinese national, according to the FIFA Statues, they became eligible for the Hong Kong national football team following two years of residency in Hong Kong. Hong Kong's coach Tsang Wai Chung selected Ye Jia for the training section before the start of the 2010–11 season.
Career statistics
International
Updated 28 July 2011
Honours
Tai Po
Hong Kong First Division: 2013–14, 2015–16
Hong Kong FA Cup: 2008–09
Hong Kong Senior Shield: 2012–13
References
External links
Player information on HKFA site
Player Information on NT Realty Wofoo Tai Po official site (in Chinese)
1981 births
Living people
Footballers from Shanghai
Chinese footballers
Hong Kong footballers
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Hong Kong First Division League players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Tai Po FC players
Chinese expatriates in Hong Kong
Hong Kong Rangers FC players
South China AA players
Pudong Zobon players
Hong Kong international footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Hong Kong League XI representative players
Khanpur J. Aurangabad is a village in Powayan tehsil in Shahjahanpur district of Uttar Pradesh.
Nearby Villages
Population
Khanpur J. Aurangabad's population is 203. Out of this, 119 are males while the females count 84 here. This village has 49 kids in the age group of 0-6 years. Out of this 32 are boys and 17 are girls
References
Villages in Shahjahanpur district
1300 corporals () is the name for the 1300 untrained officers that were sent as a reinforcement to the Serbian First Army at the Battle of Kolubara.
At the start of the war, many young men from both Serbia and Austria-Hungary left school and made themselves available to the High Command of the Serbian army. They were sent to the military school in Skopje. Even though their training wasn't yet completed, the development of the events forced the High Command to dispatch them to battle.
The Serbian army was in retreat, demoralized, in shortage of ammunition, Belgrade was in the enemy's hands, so the world already came to terms with the complete breakdown of Serbia. All available forces were needed for the crucial battle, which is why the corporal ranks were distributed to the youngsters in Skopje (hence the name), and were sent for Kolubara and Suvobor the next morning. There, the Serbian army, led by Živojin Mišić, pulled off one of the most important victories in World War I.
During 1916 and 1917, a group of around 500 corporals were in Jausiers, France, for a military training, from where they returned to the front.
1300 corporals symbolize a battle for freedom of their country and people, mainly because most of them were youngsters who went into the battle on their own initiative.
See also
Battle of Kolubara
References
Military history of Serbia
Timotej Jambor (born 4 April 2003) is a professional Slovak footballer who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club MŠK Žilina as a forward.
Club career
MŠK Žilina
Jambor made their Fortuna Liga debut for Žilina during a home fixture against AS Trenčín on 21 November 2020. They came on in the second half to replace Matúš Rusnák, with the final score already set at 2:0 in favour of Šošoni through Ján Bernát and Dawid Kurminowski. They also appeared as a late substitute in the next fixture against Pohronie.
Personal life
Their father, Milan Jambor, is also a footballer.  They are currently the player-coach of FK Svit.
References
External links
MŠK Žilina official club profile
Futbalnet profile
Fortuna Liga profile
2003 births
Living people
People from Svit
Slovak footballers
Slovakia youth international footballers
Association football forwards
MŠK Žilina players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Slovak Super Liga players
The Dorset Down is a breed of sheep native to the Dorset Downs region of England. It originated in the early 19th century from crosses of local and Hampshire ewes with Southdown rams. The breed is not closely related to the Dorset (a.k.a. Dorset Horned), which is a white-faced sheep.
Dorset Downs are medium-sized, robust sheep with dark faces and short wool. Prior to the importation of Continental breeds like the Texel, the Dorset Down was a popular terminal sire breed in the United Kingdom. Today it is listed as a minority breed by the Rare Breeds Survival Trust. It was also exported to North and South America, New Zealand and Australia, but remains fairly rare in those countries as well.
References
External links
Dorset Down Sheep Breeders Association
Sheep breeds
Sheep breeds originating in England
Animal breeds on the RBST Watchlist
Neddylation (also NEDDylation) is the process by which the ubiquitin-like protein NEDD8 is conjugated to its target proteins. This process is analogous to ubiquitination, although it relies on its own E1 and E2 enzymes. No NEDD8-specific E3 has yet been identified and it is possible that the Neddylation system relies on E3 ligases with dual specificity.
NEDD8
NEDD8 (neural-precursor-cell-expressed developmentally down-regulated 8) is a protein involved in the regulation of cell growth, viability and development.
Neddylation process
NEDD8 links itself to a protein through an isopeptide linkage between its carboxy-terminal glycine and the lysine of the substrate.
The neddylation of the substrate causes in a structural change, and there are three main biochemical effects that result. First, neddylation can cause a conformational change in the substrate which may restrict molecular movement and the positioning of different binding partners. Second, it can cause the target protein to become incompatible with other proteins that it usually binds with. For example, CAND1 does not bind to neddylated proteins. In addition, neddylation can recruit NEDD8-interacting proteins. When NEDD8 binds to the ubiquitin E2 Ubc4, the interaction stimulates cullin-based ubiquitin ligases, although the exact mechanism is unclear.
Disease association
Neddylation is involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease where its activation appears to drive neurons into apoptosis by initiating cell cycle reentry. Also, evidence shows that increased NEDD8 conjugation in human oral carcinoma cells led to abnormal higher degrees of proliferation. Because NEDD8 conjugation to cullin proteins plays an important role in the regulation of the cell cycle, an upregulation in conjugation causes this proliferation.
References
External links
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0043391
Proteins
Post-translational modification
Ania Pieroni is a former Italian actor, known for The House by the Cemetery (1981), Tenebrae (1982) and Inferno (1980).
Film career
Pieroni started their film career by taking a small part in the 1978 Alberto Lattuada film Stay as You Are. They also starred as a mysterious music student in the 1980 horror film Inferno by Dario Argento, and worked with them again playing a shoplifter in Tenebrae two years later. Them most famous role however was in the 1981 Lucio Fulci film The House by the Cemetery as the ill-fated babysitter Ann. Them last film was Fracchia contro Dracula, released in 1985.
Pieroni was offered to reprise the role of Mater Lachrymarum in Argento's 2007 film The Mother of Tears, but turned it down.
From 1985 to 1991, they were the director for a local TV station called GBR.
Filmography
References
External links
20th-century Italian actores
Italian film actores
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations is the Permanent Representative of the Republic of Colombia to the United Nations, accredited as Concurrent Non-Resident Ambassador to the Republic of Kosovo, and Montenegro.
The Permanent Representative is Colombia's foremost diplomatic representative to UN, and Chief of Mission in New York City. The Permanent Representative however, is not the only high-ranking Colombian diplomat in the United States, the other two being the Permanent Representative of Colombia to the Organization of American States in Washington, D.C., and the Ambassador of Colombia to the United States, also in Washington D.C. The officeholder is charged with representing the interests of the President and Government of Colombia, and advancing the relations between Colombia and the general world community.
List of Permanent Representatives
The following is a chronological list of those who have held the office:
References
Colombia
The is an annual marathon sporting event for men and women over the classic distance of 42.195 kilometres which is held in mid February in Kyoto, Japan. The course starts at Nishikyogoku Athletic Stadium and pass through Kyoto Botanical Gardens and the right bank of Kamo river and finishes near Heian Jingu. It was one of the top ten most expensive of the world's biggest marathons by entry cost in 2015.
An event with the same name was held from 1969 to 1982.
Results
Key:
Kyoto Marathon (1969–1982)
References
External links
Kyoto Marathon official website
List of Certified Marathon Courses in 2016 — International Association of Athletics Federations
Marathons in Japan
Recurring sporting events established in 2012
Sport in Kyoto
Crete earthquake may refer to:
365 Crete earthquake
1303 Crete earthquake
1630 Crete earthquake
1810 Crete earthquake
2021 Crete earthquake (disambiguation)
See also
1856 Heraklion earthquake
Wilbur Fisk Hyer (March 24, 1839 - November 18, 1897) was an American politician, physician, and Mississippi state legislator in the 1870s and 1880s.
Biography
Wilbur Fisk Hyer was born on March 24, 1839, in Summerville, Tennessee. They were the son of William Hyer, a Tennessee Methodist minister, and Grace (Tobey) Hyrer. They represented Marshall County in the Mississippi House of Representatives in the 1872 and 1873 sessions. They represented the 25th district in the Mississippi State Senate from 1882 to 1886. From 1880 to 1881 they were the president of the Mississippi Board of Health. They were found dead in their bed on the morning of November 18, 1897, in Meridian, Mississippi. They were about 60 years old.
Personal life
In 1861, Hyer married Elizabeth Bowen, who was a native of Mississippi. They had six children. Their daughter, Grace, married politician William Hemingway in 1901. Hemingway was a mayor of Jackson, Mississippi, and a member of the Mississippi State Senate in the 1920 session.
References
1839 births
1897 deaths
Mississippi state senators
Members of the Mississippi House of Representatives
People from Marshall County, Mississippi
Place of birth missing
Dan Olesevich (September 16, 1937 – July 15, 1983) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1961–62 NHL season.Hockey Hall of Fame
See also
List of players who played only one game in the NHL
References
External links
1937 births
1983 deaths
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Charlotte Clippers players
Edmonton Oil Kings (WCHL) players
Hamilton Tiger Cubs players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
New York Rangers players
Northern Ontario Hockey Association players
People from Port Colborne
Accidental deaths in Ontario
Road incident deaths in Canada
Rolf Wuthmann (26 August 1893 – 20 October 1977) was a German general in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded the IX Army Corps. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Wuthmann surrendered to the Red Army in the course of the 1945 Soviet Zemland Offensive. Convicted as a war criminal in the Soviet Union, they were held until 1955.
Awards and decorations
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 22 August 1944 as General der Artillerie and commander of IX. Armeekorps
References
Citations
Bibliography
1893 births
1977 deaths
Generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Generals of Artillery (Wehrmacht)
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
Military personnel from Kassel
James O. Dennis (born 25 February 1976) is an American discus thrower.
Their personal best throw is 63.55 metres, achieved in June 2008 in Chula Vista, California.
Dennis remains an active Masters athlete, winning the 2018 World Masters Athletics Championships.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
American male discus throwers
Track and field athletes from Cleveland
Players of American football from Cleveland
Louisville Cardinals football players
African-American male track and field athletes
People from Bedford Heights, Ohio
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Cerconota oceanitis is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 20–21 mm. The forewings are pale purplish, tinged with pale greenish except towards the costa and with the costal edge ferruginous-yellowish. There is a cloudy dark fuscous dot at the base of the costa and there are three dark fuscous costal spots, the first at one-fourth is small, the second before the middle is oblique and narrowest on the edge and the third about three-fourths is elongate-semioval. There are vague indications of greenish-fuscous lines proceeding from the first two of these, the second curved outwards around a small discal spot on the end of the cell. A series of small dark fuscous dots runs from third costal spot to the dorsum before the tornus, curved outwards in the disc and there is a small dark fuscous mark on the costa before the apex, and a partially confluent series of similar marks along the termen. The hindwings are grey, but darker towards the apex.
References
Moths described in 1916
Cerconota
Corynebacterium ulcerans is a rod-shaped, aerobic, and Gram-positive bacterium. Most Corynebacterium species are harmless, but some cause serious illness in humans, especially in immunocompromised humans. C. ulcerans has been known to cause diphtheria and diphtheria-like infections in patients. Previously thought to simply be contaminants recovered from diphtheria patients, “coryneform” or “diphtheroids” are now believed to be the cause of such infections.
Disease
Increasingly over the past few decades, C. ulcerans has been recognized as an emerging pathogen in over six countries across the globe including the United States, the United Kingdom, and Japan. C. diphtheriae is the causative agent of classical diphtheria, and C. ulcerans has been found to carry the same gene that codes for the diphtheria toxin. After swabbing lesions on a 53-year-old woman in Germany who experienced swelling of their pharynx and who developed a whitish pseudomembrane, doctors were able to grow C. ulcerans. This made it the first documented case of classical diphtheria caused by C. ulcerans in Germany.
C. ulcerans can also cause zoonotic infections. In 2003, A 47-year-old woman in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre, France was admitted to the intensive care unit for labored breathing. It was found that as a result of a kidney graft received the previous year, the patient was immunocompromised and vulnerable to C. ulcerans, which was found growing from a swab of their throat. After many tests, the patient was found to have contracted the disease from their dog, which was found to have chronic labial ulcerations that provided an easy way to transmit the bacteria to the patient.
In addition to classical diphtheria, C. ulcerans can also cause skin infections that resemble classical cutaneous diphtheria as a result of production of the diphtheria toxin. By contracting this skin infection, patients become more vulnerable to contracting infections from other bacteria that exist naturally in the patient's environment that can cause life-threatening diseases.
Treatment
Patients who contract diphtheria and diphtheria-like symptoms as a result of C. ulcerans require treatment with diphtheria antitoxin and antibiotics. Surgery and other more extreme measures must be taken if not treated immediately.
References
External links
Type strain of Corynebacterium ulcerans at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Corynebacterium
Gram-positive bacteria
Bacteria described in 1995
"Since I've Been Loving You" is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, released in 1970 on the album Led Zeppelin III.
Overview
"Since I've Been Loving You" was one of the first songs prepared for the Led Zeppelin III album. The song was recorded live in the studio with very little overdubbing. It was reportedly the hardest to record.
John Paul Jones played Hammond organ on the song, using the bass pedals instead of a bass guitar. John Bonham's preferred drum pedal, the Ludwig Speed King model 201, squeaks during the recording, and has been called the "Squeak King".
The opening and closing lyrics of "Since I've Been Loving You" are nearly identical to the 1968 Moby Grape song "Never". The song is a slow blues in the key of C minor.
Reception and accolades
In a contemporary review of Led Zeppelin III, Lester Bangs of Rolling Stone wrote that the track "represents the obligatory slow and lethally dull seven-minute blues jam." Robert Christgau was more enthusiastic in Newsday; "with John Paul Jones providing a great thick wall of organ behind Plant and Page", they regarded it as "the ultimate power blues".
Years later, guitarist Joe Satriani enthused: "'Since I've Been Loving You' was a perfect example of taking a blues structure but striking out on your own. They were breaking ground, not copying. I love that Page would always just go for it. Some other guitarist might have better technique, but what Page did would always trump it because the spirit was so overwhelming. Whatever they did would turn into a technique." Audio engineer Terry Manning called it "The best rock guitar solo of all time."
(*) designates unordered lists.
See also
List of cover versions of Led Zeppelin songs
List of Led Zeppelin songs written or inspired by others
References
External links
"Since I've Been Loving You" at ledzeppelin.com
1970 songs
Led Zeppelin songs
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Page
Songs written by Jimmy Page
Songs written by Robert Plant
Songs written by John Paul Jones (musician)
The woman and the Rose (Arabic: المرأة و الوردة) is a novel by the novelist Mohamed Zafzaf published in 1972. It was ranked among the hundred best Arabic novels until the end of the twentieth century.
The novel is considered one of the most ancient novels by Mohamed Zafzaf and their first novels, because it followed very important paths after the development of the modern Moroccan novel.
Events
The novel, The woman and the Rose, caused controversy among critics because it discussed topics such as sex, self, and others. The events of the novel speak specifically about Mohammed Zafzaf, who decimated by poverty, emigrated to Spain to escape unemployment. Zafzaf found that reading books does not bring money, and believed that emigration would improve their condition and escape a life of poverty and hunger.
They started a journey in search of money, but like other young Arabs, they craved a different life away from worries, and this caused them to hang out in Torremolinos in the worlds of sex, booze, and homosexuality shows that Mohammed was ready for this kind of life. The hero seemed to highlight one thing, which is that the young Arab immigrant lives in Europe in order to revive their unbridled desire, freed from the shackles of oppression that bind them in the midst of their Arab society. It is the ignorance of self and body exploration hidden by a society surrounded by the principles of religion, customs, and traditions. Therefore, once they arrive, they choose a lifestyle of freedom, but despite this absolute freedom, they live in an open European Society, the young Arab immigrant remains oppressed under the stress of alienation, and this fatal strangeness was one of the themes that Zafzaf put forward in "The woman and the Rose".
The title
The novel The woman and the Rose is a compound title of two words, perhaps because Zafzaf made the woman in this novel the focus of attention, as some critics have stated. The writer took readers to other worlds and also introduced them to the suffering of Arab society. In its pages, the novel narrated an autobiography of the writer revealing their interest in the lower worlds of the socially marginalized and intellectually psychologically oppressed Moroccan society.
Criticism
Idris Al – Naqouri, a university researcher and critic, stopped at the experience of Mohammed Zafzaf, stressing that this experience requires reconsideration. Whether in terms of applied critical analysis, or in terms of identifying the concepts of personality, plot, and facts in it, which is close or far from the idea of naturalization, and from the theory of receiving.
As for the study of The woman and the Rose by Mohammad Zafzaf, a novelist and university researcher, they said, "it is a novel that includes a moment of enlightenment. As if it were a discharge from a supposed depression, in which all the differences, all the similarities, all the matches come together, interact."
Noureddine Darmoush dealt with a number of their novels, such as "the back neighborhood", "the snake and the sea", in addition to their early novel "The woman and the Rose", and these novels represent, according to Noureddine, the moment of convergence between the Moroccan novel and the Arabic novel. In addition to its encounter with the international novel, as a result of the openness that Moroccan intellectuals and creators have adopted, thus, the novels published in the seventies of the last century were characterized by the character of freedom from traditions, and escape from the system of culture and morality, as Darmoush emphasizes.
Mustafa Jabbari, a university researcher, wrote a long study on what they called the aesthetics of Zefzaf's story formation, in which they explained: "There is an artistic thread that organizes the texts of the writer Mohamed Zafzaf, and this artistic thread includes people, places, language, and events, which leaves a special imprint on them that distinguishes them from other Moroccan writers, It makes their narrative a unique literary orientation, independent of itself, on several levels, the most prominent of which is the aesthetic level of their narrative effects, whether from short stories or novels."
The spread of the novel
The novel "The woman and the Rose" has achieved a critical accumulation around it, since as soon as it was published in the late seventies, the literary criticism in Morocco singled it out for reading and analysis, achieving a critical accumulation in which a group of names from the first generation of critics and from the following generations contributed, To achieve a critical accumulation contributed by a group of names from the first generation of critics and from the following generations. In relation to the novel itself, the critical perspectives varied from one critic to another and sometimes the critic himself, especially since this novel poses questions and topic that tempt literary criticism at that time to experiment with approaches and employ critical concepts and sayings, specifically what is important of them are the topics of "gender", "self", "identity" and "the other".
References
1972 novels
Arabic-language novels
Moroccan novels
Count Franz Deym (23 August 1838 at Neuschloss (now Dolní Olešnice) – 3 September 1903 at Eckersdorf, Glatz (now Bożków, Kłodzko)) was an Austrian diplomat.
Their full title was Franz de Paula Severin Wenzel Maria Philipp Benitius Graf Deym von Střítež.
Life
Deym was the son of a Field Marshal, and was a First Lieutenant in the Lancers. In 1864 they joined the Diplomatic Service. They were first Attaché then (Secretary) in Paris, before being sent to the Embassy in Rome.
In 1871 they became the Special Ambassador and Acting Minister for the armed services, and then retired from public life. In 1879 they became a member of the Austrian Reichsrat, and was re-elected in 1885. On 18 October 1888 they became Ambassador to London, a position they held until their death.
Sources
1838 births
1903 deaths
People from Trutnov District
People from the Kingdom of Bohemia
Bohemian nobility
Counts of Austria
German Bohemian people
Members of the Austrian House of Deputies (1879–1885)
Members of the Austrian House of Deputies (1885–1891)
Members of the House of Lords (Austria)
Austrian diplomats
19th-century Austrian people
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Austria
The Final Inch is a short documentary about the effort to eradicate polio. It was directed by Irene Taylor Brodsky and focuses on health workers on the front lines of the fight to eliminate the disease.
It was filmed on location in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and India, and received a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject) at the 81st Academy Awards.
The film debuted on HBO on April 1, 2009. The Final Inch is the first film project of Google.org, the philanthropic division of Google.
Background
The Final Inch focuses on the efforts that were ongoing to eradicate polio in India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan (it has since been eradicated in India; efforts continue in Pakistan and Afghanistan). The corollary goal of worldwide eradication of polio has attracted attention, but "getting rid of the last 1 percent has been like trying to squeeze Jell-O to death."
The philanthropic division of Google backed the film's production to promote public awareness about polio and to raise awareness about the efforts of public health workers and volunteers fighting the disease in counties around the world. They approached Brodsky about making the film and they accepted the task of educating the public to the ongoing problem.
Many of the movie's scenes were shot in slum areas of India and Pakistan during "National Immunization Day" in April 2007. Brodsky wanted to include more comprehensive coverage of the polio problem in Afghanistan, but was unable to do so due to the threat of violence and because of social barriers. The production's ability to film in Afghanistan was hampered by increased danger to the film crew. Producer Tom Grant had to wear a bulletproof vest while filming along the Afghanistan–Pakistan border even while under constant U.N. protection. The crew was often denied access to homes because of familial protocols that forbid a man entering a home with women in it when no husband is present.
Synopsis
The film depicted the problems still occurring fifty years after the development of the polio vaccine, and shows areas where the polio virus was still found in several countries around the world. Without vaccinations, it could re-emerge and re-infect regions where it was eradicated decades ago, and the film also notes that the first line of defense is a dedicated and continual effort by international health workers going door-to-door to ensure every child is vaccinated.
The Final Inch shows that there was an opportunity to eradicate polio from India (the last case of wild polio in India was reported on 13 January 2011 and the WHO announced the eradication of poliomyelitis in the region on 27 March 2014) and honors the work of health services and service volunteers. It recalls the devastating polio epidemics in the United States that occurred during the 1930s and 1950s, and discusses the dangers of a resurgence that still remain in the United States unless the disease is wiped out worldwide. Obstacles to eradication include lack of awareness, the large number of children requiring vaccination, geographical dispersal of the populations, social mores, religious beliefs, and suspicion of domestic and foreign governments. The movie shows that many of those at risk remain ignorant of polio's epidemiology and believe the disease is "American made", fostering a reluctance to be vaccinated.
Film festivals
The Final Inch was screened in April 2009 at the Salem Film Festival and was described as being "profoundly moving" in its revealing coverage of the polio virus's ongoing impact, and was described as a "dramatic testament to those working on the front lines of health care".
Select list of festival entries
Salem Film Festival, Oregon.
Maratea Film Festival, Italy.
Partial cast
Martha Mason
Dr. Ashfaq Bhat
Dr. Larry Brilliant
Dr. David Heymann
Munzareen Fatima
Mikail Davenport
Mohammad Gulzar Saifi
Additional sources
BBC News, "Final Inch towards the Oscars"
IBN, "Not just Slumdog..., The Final Inch too in Oscar race"
UNICEF, "Academy Award recognition for India's fight to eradicate polio"
Further reading
The American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene,"Dracunculiasis eradication: the final inch"
Global Polio Eradication Initiative, "The disease and the virus"
References
External links
2009 films
Polio
American short documentary films
Documentary films about health care
2009 documentary films
2000s short documentary films
Works about polio
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Jack Archer is a British-Irish actor.
Jack Archer may also refer to:
Jack Archer (athlete) (1921-1997), English athlete
Jack Archer, a character in the video game Robotech: Battlecry
Jack Archer, a character in The Archers
See also
John Archer (disambiguation)
Norman Maen (1932 – 22 April 2008, born "Norman Maternaghan") was a director and choreographer.
Personal life
Maen was born in Ballymena, Northern Ireland and began their career working as a dancer in Patricia Mulholland's Irish dancing school. They qualified as a teacher after successfully completing their studies at Ballymena Academy and Stranmillis College, Belfast.
Career
After qualifying in teaching, they moved to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada where they worked with the Alan Lund Dancers on a weekly television series which starred Robert Goulet. Later, they went on to Broadway as a principal dancer for Jack Cole. Soon after, they returned to Ireland to become the station choreographer for RTÉ for three years. In 1963, they hired eight dancers to become The Norman Maen Dancers and invited television and theatre producers to an audition in London where they were offered four different offers. One of these led to their involvement with the television series This is Tom Jones for four series where they worked with celebrities such as Liza Minnelli and Juliet Prowse and won their Emmy award.  They are most remembered for their Swine Lake sequence on The Muppet Show which featured Rudolf Nureyev dancing with a giant pig. During this series they worked with Minnelli and Prowse again as well as numerous others including Julie Andrews, Gene Kelly and Ethel Merman.
One of their other well-remembered works is their version of Claude Debussy's Prélude à l'après-midi d'un faune for Olympic champion skater John Curry.
Other notable works include twelve years as choreographer for the Royal Variety Performance, musical theatre in Dublin (including Finian's Rainbow and The Fantasticks) and the West End (including Houdini, Thomas and The King, Irene, The Travelling Music Show and the OEEC Gala at Drury Lane).
They choreographed Les Demoiselles de Rochefort with music by Michel Legrand and direction by Jacques Demy, giving them the opportunity to work with Kelly again plus Catherine Deneuve, George Chakiris, Françoise Dorléac and Grover Dale.
References
External links
1932 births
2008 deaths
American choreographers
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Alumni of Stranmillis University College
People educated at Ballymena Academy
Our Hearts Were Young and Gay is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Lewis Allen and written by Sheridan Gibney. It was based on the real life reminiscences of the comic misadventures of Emily Kimbrough and Cornelia Otis Skinner in their book Our Hearts Were Young and Gay. The film stars Gail Russell, Diana Lynn, Charlie Ruggles, Dorothy Gish, Beulah Bondi, Bill Edwards and James Brown. After its premiere in New York on October 12, 1944, Our Hearts Were Young and Gay went into general release.
Plot
In 1923, on the eve of the high school graduation, a pair of teenage girls, Cornelia Otis Skinner (Gail Russell) and Emily Kimbrough (Diana Lynn) are crestfallen when Emily contracts measles and cannot attend the dance. Cornelia, daughter of famous actor Otis Skinner (Charlie Ruggles), also bemoans the fact that "heartthrob," Avery Moore (James Brown), ignores her, and is about to leave on a European trip.
Emily suggests they both go to Europe, and without a chaperone. On the same boat as Avery, Cornelia accepts a date from them to go to a dance on the ship, while Emily meets Tom Newhall (Bill Edwards), a handsome young doctor and bachelor. Their romantic intentions go awry when Cornelia comes down with measles, and Tom agrees to use makeup to mask the spots, but they do not want to tell Avery about their infection.
When the ship reaches London, Cornelia's parents, who had traveled on another cruise ship, meet the two girls. At a tour of Hampton Court Palace in Paris, Cornelia spots Avery and the two young people reunite, but after kissing her, Avery comes down with measles. Cornelia and Emily head off for Paris to sight see on their own.
After getting trapped on a balcony at Notre Dame Cathedral, the girls drop articles of clothing to try to get the attention of passersby, to no avail. When Cornelia and Emily finally return to their hotel in their slips, they encounter Mr. Skinner's friend, actor Monsieur Darnet (Georges Renavent), and their friend, Pierre Cambouille (Roland Varno). To help them, the gentlemen escort them inside, but Avery thinks the worst and hits Cambouille. A brawl erupts just as Mr. and Mrs. Skinner arrive from England, and Mr. Skinner insists that it is time for their daughter to return home. After bidding fond farewells to Avery and Tom, Cornelia and Emily board the ship home, ending their European misadventures.
Cast
Gail Russell as Cornelia Otis Skinner
Diana Lynn as Emily Kimbrough
Charlie Ruggles as Otis Skinner
Dorothy Gish as Mrs. Skinner
Beulah Bondi as Miss Horn
James Brown as Avery Moore
Bill Edwards as Tom Newhall
Jean Heather as Frances Smithers
Alma Kruger as Mrs. Lamberton
Helen Freeman as Mrs. Smithers (uncredited)
Joy Harington as English girl (uncredited)
Valentine Perkins as English girl (uncredited)
Georges Renavent as Monsieur Darnet (uncredited)
Roland Varno as Pierre Cambouille (uncredited)
Production
Principal photography on Our Hearts Were Young and Gay began on August 24, 1943 and continued until October 21, 1943. Added scenes began shooting on November 10, 1943. Although Cornelia Otis Skinner and Emily Kimbrough, on whose memoirs the film is based, worked on the script, they were not credited, although Emily did have a "bit" part in the film.
In casting, a number of actors were considered including Katharine Hepburn to play Cornelia, with Jane Withers and Mimi Chandler also tested for roles in the film.
Reception
Film critic Armond White (A.W.) in reviewing Our Hearts Were Young and Gay for The New York Times said, "Obviously not designed to deliver a message, Our Hearts Were Young and Gay, Paramount's film version of the Cornelia Otis Skinner-Emily Kimbrough book of remembrances of hectic things past, lives up to its title. Blithely recalling the trip abroad made by those ladies when they were in their impressionable 'teens, its story is as light as a marshmallow and sometimes as cloyingly sweet. Although the picture's foreword coyly denies that it is intended as a period piece, it very often uses the devices of dated clothes and manners to garner laughs. If the film occasionally stumbles on its merry way, blame it on those arid humorless stretches when Our Hearts Were Young and Gay becomes more young than gay. Generally, however, the producers have fused the effervescence of youth with rosy-tinted nostalgia to make an amusing and satisfying entertainment."
In 1945, although a news item in The Hollywood Reporter indicated that Skinner and Kimbrough took legal action against Paramount to prevent a sequel to Our Hearts Were Young and Gay, a judge ruled in favor of the studio. In the sequel, Our Hearts Were Growing Up (1946), Gail Russell, Diana Lynn, James Brown and Bill Edwards reprised their roles.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Skinner, Cornelia Otis and Emily Kimbrough. Our Hearts Were Young and Gay. New York: Bantam Books, 1942.
External links
1944 films
1944 comedy films
American black-and-white films
American comedy films
Films about vacationing
Films based on non-fiction books
Films directed by Lewis Allen
Films set in 1923
Paramount Pictures films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Robby Hoffman is a Canadian-American writer, comedian, and talk show host. Born in Brooklyn, New York, they began their career as a writer and is known for their work on The Chris Gethard Show, Baroness Von Sketch Show, Workin' Moms, and Odd Squad, the latter of which won a Children's & Family Emmy Award for outstanding writing in 2019.
Hoffman released their first stand up special, I'm Nervous, in 2019, and has worked extensively in connection with Chris Gethard since their time writing on The Chris Gethard Show; after its cancellation, Hoffman starred in episodes of The Chris Gethard Show with Robby Hoffman on both MNN and Chris Gethard Presents, as well as taking the show live to the Montreal Just For Laughs festival, where they have performed multiple times. Currently, they are the host of Robby Hoffman Consulting Group (formerly Dykevice), a live call in advice show on Gethard's comedy network Planet Scum Live.
Early life and career
Hoffman is Jewish. They were born in Brooklyn, New York and later raised by a single mother with nine siblings in Montreal, Canada. They enrolled in school at McGill University, where they studied accounting and communications; after graduation, they enrolled in the graduate CPA program at McGill, only to quit a few hours into their first day of the program to pursue a career in comedy.
They began their writing career and was soon garnering recognition for their work, while also writing and performing stand up comedy. They were named one of Comedy Central's Up Next comedians in 2018, appeared on Conan O'Brien's Comics to Watch list, as well as on Vultures The Comedians You Should and Will Know in 2020, and was a headlining act for the New York Comedy Festival in 2018. In 2019, they recorded their first one-hour comedy special, "I'm Nervous", at the Just For Laughs comedy festival in Toronto for Crave TV.
Filmography
References
External links
Emmy Award winners
Canadian television writers
Canadian stand-up comedians
McGill University alumni
Jewish American comedians
Canadian women comedians
Comedians from Montreal
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Jewish Canadian comedians
Comedians from New York City
People from Brooklyn
Canadian comedy writers
Lesbian comedians
LGBT entertainers from Canada
LGBT Jews
21st-century American Jews
Canadian women television writers
The United States National Mine Health and Safety Academy (MSHA) is a federal academy responsible for training the mine safety and health inspectors and technical support personnel of the Mine Safety and Health Administration.
The Academy is located in Beckley, West Virginia, on an site near the Raleigh County Airport. The Academy complex consists of nine buildings: The Residence Hall, Administration Building, Classroom Building, Mine Machinery Laboratory Building, Publication Distribution Center, Gymnasium, Maintenance and Equipment Building, Mine Emergency Operations Building, Mine Rescue Station and Mine Simulation Laboratory.
Students are exposed to a variety of different disciplines in nine different laboratories: roof control, ground control, mine emergencies and rescue, ventilation, electrical systems, machinery, industrial hygiene, computer systems and underground mine simulation.
History
In a five-year period from 1906-1911, 13,228 miners were killed in U.S. coal mines. As a result, the Bureau of Mines was established by Congress on July 1, 1910, "to make diligent investigation of the methods of mining, especially in relation to the safety of miners and the appliances best adapted to prevent accidents."
In succeeding years, Congress passed other legislation designed to promote health and safety in the mines, including the 1966 Federal Metal and Nonmetallic Mine Safety Act (P.L. 89-577) and the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969 (P.L. 91-173). The most recent regulatory legislation combined the coal and metal and nonmetal industries under one law--the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. This act directed that "The National Mine Health and Safety Academy shall be...responsible for the training of mine safety and health inspectors, mining personnel, or other persons as the Secretaries of Labor and Interior shall designate. In performing this function, the Academy shall have the authority to enter into cooperative educational and training agreements with educational institutions, State governments, labor organizations, and mine operators and related industries." It is through the training provisions of this legislation that the National Mine Health and Safety Academy functions.
In response to the mandates of the Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969, on September 7, 1971, the Academy began inspector training in temporary facilities in Beckley, West Virginia. On August 17, 1976, the permanent facility, situated on of land donated by the Raleigh County Airport Authority, opened its doors with an official dedication. Michael George Zabetakis was the first superintendent of the Academy.
On July 25, 1979, Public Law 96-38 transferred the activities and functions of the National Mine Health and Safety Academy from the Department of the Interior to the Department of Labor.
External links
National Mine Health and Safety Academy Homepage
Mining law and governance
Mine safety
The 1976 Six Hours of Silverstone was the third race of the 1976 World Championship for Makes. It took place at the Silverstone Circuit, Great Britain on 9 May 1976. It was open to Group 5 Special Production cars, Group 4 GT cars and Group 2 Touring Cars.
Official Results
1976 in World Championship for Makes
1976 in British motorsport
6 Hours of Silverstone
April 1976 sports events in the United Kingdom
Duncan Smith Gregg (February 28, 1910 – February 14, 1989) was an American rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932, they won the gold medal as member of the American boat in the eights competition.
External links
profile
1910 births
1989 deaths
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
American male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Irene Mary Dowling (born 1925), better known as Jane Dowling, is a British artist.
Biography
Dowling was born in London and while studying for a degree at St Anne's College, Oxford between 1943 and 1946 also studied at the Slade School of Fine Art. Between 1946 and 1963 they took further courses at the Ruskin School of Art, the Byam Shaw School of Art and the Central School of Arts and Crafts in London. Dowling went on to teach at the Byam Shaw School, Maidstone School of Art and at the Royal Academy Schools. Beginning in 1961 they became a regular exhibitor at the Royal Academy, including at the 2019 Summer Exhibition, and from 1974 onwards they had a series of solo shows at the New Grafton Gallery in London and also exhibited with the New English Art Club. During 1984 and 1985, Dowling and their husband, the portrait painter Peter Greenham (1909–1992) had a joint touring exhibition. A retrospective exhibition of their work was held at the Mompesson House in Salisbury in 1992 and further solo shows followed, notably at the Chappel Galleries in 2002.
Dowling was elected a member of the Art Workers' Guild in 1980, became an honorary member of the Royal Society of British Artists in 1997 and a member of the Society of Tempera Painters in 1999. Dowling has completed a number of commissions for the National Trust and also one for the Oxford Oratory Church. Several Oxford hospitals, plus the town's Ashmolean Museum and also Southampton Art Gallery hold examples of their work.
References
External links
1925 births
Living people
20th-century English women artists
20th-century English painters
21st-century English women artists
21st-century English painters
Alumni of the Byam Shaw School of Art
Alumni of the Central School of Art and Design
Alumni of the Ruskin School of Art
Alumni of the Slade School of Fine Art
Alumni of St Anne's College, Oxford
Artists from London
English women painters
{{Infobox monarch
|image= Hari Rao Holkar.png
|name = Hari Rao Holkar
| succession = 9th Holkar Maharaja of Indore
|caption = Hari Rao Holkar
|title =Maharaja (Ruler of Indore) |religion = Hinduism
|full name =
|coronation =
|birth_date = 1795
|birth_place =
|death_date = 24 October 1843
|death_place =
|reign = 1834 - 1843
|successor =Khande Rao Holkar II
|spouse =
|father = Vithoji Rao Holkar
|mother =
|issue =
}}
Hari Rao Holkar (1795-1843), formally Maharajadhiraj Raj Rajeshwar Sawai Shri Hari Rao Holkar IX Bahadur, belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was Maharaja Holkar of Indore (Hokar State) from 17 April 1834 until their death at the Juna Rajwada Palace in Indore on 24 October 1843. They were the grandson of Tukoji Rao Holkar.
Hari Rao's accession to the throne (gaddi'') was the result of a popular uprising against the adoption and crowning of the child Marthand Rao Holkar by Krishna Bai Holkar, the mother of the deceased Maharaja Malhar Rao Holkar III. In 1819, Hari Rao was involved in a power struggle with members of the royal family and was imprisoned at Maheshwar for leading an insurrection. After the crowning of Marthand Rao in January 1834, Hari was freed by supporters, who then convinced Krishna Bai to agree to their succession instead. They were subsequently adopted by the widow of the deceased Maharaja on 18 March and formally installed on the throne on 17 April 1834 at the Juna Rajwada Palace.
The British Government remained neutral regarding these succession struggles. Later, however, as Hari Rao's health deteriorated, the British Resident pressed them to appoint an heir. On 2 July 1841, Hari Rao adopted Khande Rao Holkar, the 11-year-old son of Bapuji Rao Holkar, a zemindar of Jotsikhera (near Indore). Soon after, when Hari Rao retired from public life due to their health, Lord Ellenborough, the Governor General, interceded to ensure the appointment of capable ministers to prevent supporters of Marthand Rao from challenging the succession.
References
See also
Holkar
1795 births
1843 deaths
Maharajas of Indore
Davidsbündlertänze (Dances of the League of David), Op. 6, is a group of eighteen pieces for piano composed in 1837 by Robert Schumann, who named them after their music society Davidsbündler. The low opus number is misleading: the work was written after Carnaval, Op. 9, and the Symphonic Studies, Op. 13.
Background
Robert Schumann's early piano works were substantially influenced by their relationship with Clara Wieck. On September 5, 1839, Schumann wrote to their former professor: "She was practically my sole motivation for writing the Davidsbündlertänze, the Concerto, the Sonata and the "Novelettes"." They are an expression of their passionate love, anxieties, longings, visions, dreams and fantasies.
The theme of the Davidsbündlertänze is based on a mazurka by Clara Wieck. The intimate character pieces are their most personal work. In 1838, Schumann told Clara that the Dances contained "many wedding thoughts" and that "the story is an entire Polterabend (German wedding eve party, during which old crockery is smashed to bring good luck)".
The pieces are not true dances, but characteristic pieces, musical dialogues about contemporary music between Schumann's characters Florestan and Eusebius. These respectively represent the impetuous and the lyrical, poetic sides of Schumann's nature. Each piece is ascribed to one or both of them. Their names follow the first piece and the appropriate initial or initials follow each of the others except the sixteenth (which leads directly into the seventeenth, the ascription for which applies to both) and the ninth and eighteenth, which are respectively preceded by the following remarks: "Here Florestan made an end, and their lips quivered painfully", and "Quite superfluously Eusebius remarked as follows: but all the time great bliss spoke from their eyes."
In the second edition of the work, Schumann removed these ascriptions and remarks and the Tänze from the title, as well as making various alterations, including the addition of some repeats. The first edition is generally favored, though some readings from the second are often used. The suite ends with the striking of twelve low Cs to signify the coming of midnight.
Peter Kaminsky has analysed the structure of the work in detail.
The first edition is preceded by the following epigraph:
In all und jeder Zeit
Verknüpft sich Lust und Leid:
Bleibt fromm in Lust und seid
Dem Leid mit Mut bereit
In each and every age
joy and sorrow are mingled:
Remain pious in joy,
and be ready for sorrow with courage.
Sections
The individual pieces, unnamed, have the following tempo markings, keys and ascriptions:
Lebhaft: Lively (Vivace), G major, Florestan and Eusebius;
Innig: Intimately (Con intimo sentimento), B minor, Eusebius;
Etwas hahnbüchen: Somewhat clumsily (Un poco impetuoso) (1st edition), Mit Humor: With humor (Con umore) (2nd edition), G major, Florestan (hahnbüchen, now usually hanebüchen or hagebüchen, is an untranslatable colloquialism roughly meaning "coarse" or "clumsy". Ernest Hutcheson translated it as "cockeyed" in their book The Literature of the Piano.);
Ungeduldig: Impatiently (Con impazienza), B minor, Florestan;
Einfach: Simply (Semplice), D major, Eusebius;
Sehr rasch und in sich hinein: Very quickly and inwardly (Molto vivo, con intimo fervore) (1st edition), Sehr rasch: Very quickly (Molto vivo) (2nd edition), D minor, Florestan;
Nicht schnell mit äußerst starker Empfindung: Not fast, with very great feeling (Non presto profondamente espressivo) (1st edition), Nicht schnell: Not fast (Non presto) (2nd edition), G minor, Eusebius;
Frisch: Freshly (Con freschezza), C minor, Florestan;
No tempo indication (metronome mark of = 126) (1st edition), Lebhaft: Lively (Vivace) (2nd edition), C major, Florestan;
Balladenmäßig sehr rasch: Balladically very fast (Alla ballata molto vivo) (1st edition), ("Sehr" and "Molto" capitalized in 2nd edition), D minor (ends major), Florestan;
Einfach: Simply (Semplice), B minor–D major, Eusebius;
Mit Humor: With humor (Con umore), B minor–E minor and major, Florestan;
Wild und lustig: Wildly and funny (Selvaggio e gaio), B minor and major, Florestan and Eusebius;
Zart und singend: Tenderly and singing (Dolce e cantando), E major, Eusebius;
Frisch: Freshly (Con freschezza), B major – Etwas bewegter: With agitation (poco piu mosso), E major with a return to the opening section (with the option to go round the piece once more), Florestan and Eusebius;
Mit gutem Humor: With good humor (Con buon umore) (in 2nd edition, "Con umore"), G major – Etwas langsamer: A little slower (Un poco più lento), B minor; leading without a break into
Wie aus der Ferne: As if from afar (Come da lontano), B major and minor (including a full reprise of No. 2), Florestan and Eusebius; and finally,
Nicht schnell: Not fast (Non presto), C major, Eusebius.
References
Further reading
David Ewen, Encyclopedia of Concert Music. New York; Hill and Wang, 1959.
Robert Schumann, Complete Piano Works, Volume I, edited by Clara Schumann, originally published by Breitkopf & Härtel.
External links
, No. 6: Mazurka
Performance of Davidsbündlertänze by Jeremy Denk from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in MP3 format
, performed by Catherine Collard
Piano Soloist: Jerome Rose
Piano music by Robert Schumann
Compositions for solo piano
1837 compositions
Suites (music)
Eilema amaura is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Erich Martin Hering in 1932. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
References
Moths described in 1932
amaura
Insects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Moths of Africa
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The Church of Intercession of the Theotokos () is a Greek Catholic church in Kričke, Croatia.
History
Construction and dedication
Construction of the church begun in late 1832. In February 1833 construction was stopped, but it was resumed next month. It was projected by architect Valentin Presani in Classicist style. In 1836, the church was dedicated. Dormitory was constructed next to the church.
Destruction
The interior of the church was almost completely destroyed in World War II. In 1942, the Chetniks devastated and burned the church and expelled priest Janko Heraković, who came to Kričke in 1925 and was the last Greek Catholic priest in the village and in Dalmatia as a whole. After Heraković was arrested by the Partisans in 1945, Kričke did not have its own Greek Catholic priest until 2010.
In 1947, the church burnt down after a lighting struck it and ignited hay which was stored inside by the Partisans. At the same time, dormitory was turned into elementary school.
In 1992, during the Croatian War of Independence, church towers were mined by rebel Serbs.
Restoration
In 2009, the surrounding terrain around the church was cleared, thus fulfilling the prerequisites for the church's restoration. In March 2011, restoration began under the supervision and guidance of the Drniš Town Museum.
In 2010, for the first time since World War II, Greek Catholic liturgy was held in Kričke on the occasion of the celebration of Intercession of the Theotokos. The liturgy, which was held in front of the ruined church, was led by Greek Catholic Vicar for Dalmatia, Milan Stipić.
On 1 October 2011, with restoration in progress, a solemn liturgy was held in front of the church, led by the Bishop of the Greek Catholic Eparchy of Križevci Nikola Kekić in concelebration with Greek Catholic and Roman Catholic priests.
References
Churches in Croatia
Buildings and structures in Šibenik-Knin County
Gari-ye Pain (, also Romanized as Garī-ye Pā'īn; also known as Garī-ye Soflá) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
James Waldo Ackerman (January 1, 1926 – November 23, 1984) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Illinois and the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois.
Education and career
Born in Jacksonville, Florida, Ackerman received a Bachelor of Science degree from Marquette University in 1947 and a Juris Doctor from Marquette University Law School in 1949. They served in the United States Navy, from 1944 to 1946 and again from 1952 to 1954. In the interim, they were in private practice of law in Sangamon County, Illinois. They were an assistant state's attorney for Sangamon County from 1954 to 1956, and then state's attorney in that county until 1960, when they returned to private practice. While in private practice, they were counsel to the municipal corporation of Springfield, Illinois from 1961 to 1962, assistant state treasurer for Illinois from 1963 to 1964, and deputy state attorney general from 1968 to 1971. They were a judge of the Illinois Circuit Court from 1971 to 1976.
Federal judicial service
Ackerman was nominated by President Gerald Ford on June 18, 1976, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Illinois vacated by Judge Harlington Wood Jr. They were confirmed by the United States Senate on July 2, 1976, and received their commission on July 2, 1976. Their service terminated on March 31, 1979, due to reassignment by operation of law to a new seat on the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois created by 93 Stat. 6. They served as Chief Judge of the Central District from 1982 to 1984. Their service terminated on November 23, 1984, due to their death in Springfield.
References
Sources
1926 births
1984 deaths
Illinois state court judges
Judges of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Illinois
Judges of the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois
Marquette University alumni
Marquette University Law School alumni
People from Jacksonville, Florida
People from Sangamon County, Illinois
United States district court judges appointed by Gerald Ford
20th-century American judges
20th-century American lawyers
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Veun Sai District () is a district located in Ratanakiri Province, in north-east Cambodia. The town of Veun Sai is located in the district. It is approximately 38 km north by road of Banlung and is located on the Tonlé San River. The headquarters of Virachey National Park are located in the village. The village is populated by Khmers and many ethnic minorities including Kreung, Lao, and Chinese. Across the Tonle San river are a small Lao village and a small Chinese village.
Administration
The district is subdivided into nine communes (khum), which are further subdivided into 34 villages (phum).
See also
Lygosoma veunsaiense first discovered at Veun Sai in 2010.
References
External links
http://dg.travelnow.com/index.jsp?action=viewLocation&locationId=27207&cid=130178
Districts of Ratanakiri province
Nicoadala District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
David Tutera's Celebrations (originally titled My Fair Wedding) is an American reality television series on WE tv starring David Tutera, a wedding planner for celebrities. In the show, women send videos to Tutera asking for help planning their events. After selecting the woman, they go to help them, and puts their own touch to the plans, creating a "dream event" for each woman. They make their alterations with just three weeks before each woman's event.
The show premiered in October 2008 under the title My Fair Wedding. The first two seasons profiled women and weddings in the New York City metro area, while the third took the series on the road, helping brides-to-be in Dallas and Los Angeles, among other places. The series' title was changed to My Fair Wedding: Unveiled for season 5. It was announced in March 2013 that the series has been renewed for an eight episode sixth season and that features all types of events, not just limited to weddings. Season 6 also features another series title change to David Tutera: Unveiled. It premiered on September 7, 2013.
The seventh season brings a third series title change to David Tutera's CELEBrations. Season 7 will consist of seventeen episodes and follows Tutera as they help Hollywood stars plan their events. Clients this season include Brandy Norwood, Ray J, Lil Kim, Taylor Armstrong, and Amy Weber's twins. It premiered on August 1, 2014.
Episodes
Series overview
Season 1 (2008)
Season 2 (2009)
Season 3 (2010–11)
Season 4 (2011–12)
Season 5 (2012)
Season 6 (2013)
Season 7 (2014–15)
Season 8 (2015–16; 2018)
References
External links
2000s American reality television series
2010s American reality television series
2008 American television series debuts
Wedding television shows
Television shows set in New York City
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Television shows set in Dallas
2018 American television series endings
The President's House of Keene State College, formerly the Catherine Fiske Seminary For Young Ladies, is a historic house at 251 Main Street in Keene, New Hampshire. Built in 1805 and restyled in the late 19th century, it is one of Keene's oldest brick residences, and now serves as the official residence of its president. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Description and history
The Keene State President's House is located on the east side of the college campus, on the west side of Main Street at its junction with Appian Way. It is a two-story brick structure, with a low-pitch hip roof. Its exterior is Italianate in style, with a symmetrical five-bay facade adorned with elaborate window lintels and a cornice with paired brackets. An Italianate porch shelters the main entrance, supported by clustered square columns.
The house was built in 1805 by John Bond, the local postmaster and a shopkeeper, and was one of the first brick houses in the town. Originally Federal in its styling, it was extensively redesigned later in the 19th century. The house served as a girls' school from 1824 to 1844 under the oversight of Catherine Fiske. The house was acquired by the state for use in a normal school, now Keene State College. Its associated carriage barn, used for vocational automotive training, burned in 1925, and its basement hole was converted into a sunken garden.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Italianate architecture in New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1805
Houses in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Buildings and structures in Keene, New Hampshire
1805 establishments in New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Keene State College
Jonathan Eddy (–1804) was a British-American soldier, who fought for the British in the French and Indian War and for the Americans in the American Revolution. After the French and Indian War, they settled in Nova Scotia as a New England Planter, becoming a member of the General Assembly of Nova Scotia. During the American Revolutionary War, they were strongly supportive of the rebellion against the Crown. They encouraged the residents of Nova Scotia to join in open revolt against King George III and England. They led a failed attempt to capture Fort Cumberland in 1776 and was forced to retreat to Massachusetts, the place of their birth. The following year, they led the defense of Machias, Maine during the Battle of Machias (1777). After the war, they established the community now known as Eddington, Maine in 1784, where they died.
French and Indian War
Jonathan Eddy was born in Norton, Massachusetts in 1726 or 1727. In 1755, they enlisted in the Massachusetts militia and participated in Robert Monckton's successful capture of Fort Beauséjour on the Isthmus of Chignecto in the French and Indian War. They received a militia captain's commission in 1758, when they apparently saw no action, and again in 1759, when their company was garrisoned at Fort Cumberland (the name Fort Beauséjour was given after its capture). After the war, Eddy returned home to Norton, only to return to Cumberland as a New England Planter in 1763. From 1770 to 1775 they served in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly, representing Cumberland Township.
American Revolution
When the American Revolutionary War began in Massachusetts in 1775, Eddy openly supported the rebellion. Following Governor Francis Legge's crackdown on seditious persons, and seeing an opportunity, Eddy fled to their riding in Cumberland. They made frequent excursions to see Samuel Adams and the General Court of Massachusetts, as well as to General George Washington. There, they were met with varying degrees of support for their proposed rebellion. Adams pledged full support, troops, weapons, ammunition and more, while Washington was less enthusiastic, failing to promise direct support for the venture. They were eventually able to convince the Massachusetts legislature to provide logistical support in the form of small arms (muskets) and other military supplies.
In the summer of 1776, Mariot Arbuthnot, the new governor of Nova Scotia, ordered Colonel Joseph Goreham's Royal Fencible Americans to secure Fort Cumberland and keep watch for any signs of an American invasion of the province. Eddy, knowing they were being monitored by authorities loyal to the Crown, fled to Massachusetts where they were made a full colonel in the Continental Army and was given authority to raise a regiment of their own with the sole purpose of the invasion of Nova Scotia through Cumberland and Truro and then east into Halifax.
Siege of Fort Cumberland
Shortly after General William Howe's army departed Nova Scotia to attack New York in 1776, Eddy made their move. Their force of 180 American militiamen, Natives, and Nova Scotians marched on Fort Cumberland. They attempted to storm the fort on November 13, 1776, but were repulsed. Two more attempts were made on November 22 and 23, but on November 28 arrived at the head of the Bay of Fundy with British Royal Marines aboard and relieved the fort in a joint operation with the RFA garrison. Eddy and their militia force were scattered, eventually regrouping near the Saint John River. Eddy and many of their supporters who had lived near the fort had their properties destroyed in retaliation.
Eddy spent the remainder of the war managing the defense of Machias in the District of Maine (then a part of Massachusetts), and was awarded a tract of land in the Ohio Country in 1801 for their role in the war. They moved to Stoughtonham after the war, where they served in the Massachusetts legislature. In 1784 they established a settlement on the eastern bank of the Penobscot River that grew to become Eddington, Maine, where they died in 1804.
See also
Military history of Nova Scotia
Notes
References
Parks Canada "The History of Fort Beausejour" 1995
Maritime Museum of the Atlantic, Halifax, N.S. Exhibit: The History of H.M.S. Vulture
This book also contains Eddy's report of January 1777 as well as additional documents and reports.
Clarke, Ernest; The Siege of Fort Cumberland, 1776; McGill-Queen's University Press, Montreal & Kingston, 1995.
History of Penobscot, Maine
External links
Index to Royal Fencible Americans History
1720s births
1804 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of birth unknown
Canadian military personnel from Nova Scotia
Military history of New England
Military history of the Thirteen Colonies
Canadian military personnel from New Brunswick
New England Planters who settled in Nova Scotia
People from Norton, Massachusetts
Continental Army soldiers
People from Penobscot County, Maine
People from Sharon, Massachusetts
The Convair C-131 Samaritan is an American twin-engined military transport produced from 1954 to 1956 by Convair. It is the military version of the Convair CV-240 family of airliners.
Design and development
The design began life in a production requirement by American Airlines for a pressurized airliner to replace the Douglas DC-3. Convair's original design had two engines and 40 seats, and thus it was designated the CV-240. The first CV-240 flew on March 16, 1947, and production aircraft were first delivered to American on February 28, 1948. Seventy-five were delivered to American, with another fifty going to Western Airlines, Continental Airlines, Pan American Airways, KLM, Sabena, Swissair and Trans Australia Airlines.
Operational history
The CV-240/340/440 series was used by the United States Air Force (USAF) for medical evacuation and VIP transport and was designated as C-131 Samaritan. The first model Samaritan, the C-131A, was derived from the CV-240 model, and was delivered to the USAF in 1954.
The initial trainer model, designated the T-29, was also based on the Convair CV-240 and was used to instruct USAF navigators for all USAF aircraft and United States Navy (USN) Naval Flight Officers (NFOs) selected to fly land-based aircraft. The first deliveries to the USAF were made in 1950 followed by large production quantities until early 1955. The USAF and the USN operated T-29s in separate units at separate locations until 1976. In 1974, the USAF T-29s with the 323d Flying Training Wing (323 FTW) at Mather AFB, California began to be replaced by the Boeing 737-derived T-43. In 1975, the Navy retired all of its T-29s assigned to Training Squadron Twenty-Nine (VT-29) at NAS Corpus Christi, Texas, deactivated VT-29, and merged their advanced navigator training program for land-based NFOs with the Air Force's program at Mather AFB.
A planned bomber training version of the T-29 (designated T-32) was never built.
From 1952, the USN and United States Marine Corps (USMC) took delivery of 36 R4Y-1 transport aircraft similar to the commercial CV-340 and USAF C-131D, configured with 44 passenger seats and powered by a pair of Pratt & Whitney R-2800-52W engines. A single otherwise similar aircraft was acquired with a 24-seat VIP interior and designated R4Y-1Z. In 1957, the USN took delivery of two additional aircraft similar to the commercial CV-440 and designated R4Y-2. With the 1962 redesignation of USN/USMC aircraft, the three types were redesignated as the C-131F, VC-131F, and C-131G respectively. A number of R4Y-1 (C-131F) aircraft were converted to R4Y-1Z (VC-131F) or R4Y-2 (C-131G) standards after delivery, and several C-131F and C-131G aircraft were ultimately sold as military surplus and converted to civil use.
Nearly all of the C-131s left the active USAF inventory in the late 1970s, but the U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) operated the aircraft until 1983, while the Air National Guard (ANG) and USN units operated additional C-131 airframes, primarily as Operational Support Aircraft (OSA) for ANG flying wings and as naval air station "station aircraft" until 1990. The C-131 was primarily replaced by the C-9 Nightingale in regular USAF service, with the ANG replacing their OSA with C-130 Hercules aircraft and the USN with C-12 Hurons.
In 1959, a C-131 was the first aircraft to be used as a reduced-gravity aircraft or 'vomit comet', for astronaut training as part of Project Mercury.
A Samaritan was the first aircraft used as a flying gunship testbed in mid-1963, in a program known as "Project Tailchaser". A C-131B (AF Ser. No. 53-7820) was given a gunsight for the side window, but instead of guns it had cameras in the cargo area. Eventually the C-131 was ferried to Eglin AFB in Florida and a General Electric SUU-11A/A 7.62 mm Gatling-style Minigun was installed. Live ammunition was used and both over-water and overland tests were successful.
Accidents and incidents
On 17 December 1960, a USAF C-131D Samaritan crashed at Munich after one engine lost power on takeoff from Munich-Riem Airport. Flying in heavy fog and unable to gain altitude, the aircraft struck the steeple of St. Paul's Church and crashed onto a tram, killing all 20 people on the aircraft and 32 on the tram.
Variants
C-131A
Transport for USAF based on CV-240, capable of carrying 39 passengers on rearward facing seats, or 20 stretchers and 7 seats; 26 built.
HC-131A
Surplus C-131As transferred to the USCG, 22 transferred.
MC-131A
C-131A used for medivac duties with 27 stretchers.
VC-131A
C-131A used as a staff transport.
C-131B
A hybrid CV-240/340 with seats for 48 passengers, 36 built.
JC-131B
C-131B converted for missile tracking, six conversions.
NC-131B
One C-131B used for permanent testing.
VC-131B
C-131B when used as a staff transport.
YC-131C
Two CV-340s modified with Alison 501D-13 turboprop engines.
C-131D
Military version of the Model 340 with seats for 44 passengers, 33 built.
VC-131D
C-131D when used as a staff transport.
C-131E
Electronic countermeasures (ECM) training version for Strategic Air Command (SAC), later designated TC-131E, 15 built and one conversion from C-131D, two transferred to United States Navy as R4Y-2.
TC-131E
C-131E redesignated.
C-131F
R4Y-1 redesignated.
RC-131F
Conversions for photo-mapping and survey, six conversions.
VC-131F
R4Y-1Z redesignated.
C-131G
R4Y-2 redesignated.
EC-131G
One C-131G modified as an electronics trainer.
RC-131G
One C-131G modified for airways checking duties.
VC-131G
C-131G when used as a staff transport.
C-131H
Conversions to CV-580 turboprop standard.
NC-131H
One conversion with an extended nose incorporating a separate cockpit as a Total In-Flight Simulator. This aircraft was transferred to the National Museum of the United States Air Force at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio on November 7, 2008
R4Y-1
USN/USMC version of CV-340 with 44 passenger seats, redesignated C-131F in 1962, 36 built.
R4Y-1Z
USN/USMC 24-seat VIP staff transport, redesignated VC-131F in 1962, one built and conversions from R4Y-1.
R4Y-2
USN/USMC version of CV-440, redesignated C-131G in 1962, two built and conversions from R4Y-1; an additional 13 canceled, of which six were completed as CV-440 airliners.
R4Y-2Q
Proposed ECM version of the R4Y-2, five canceled.
R4Y-2S
Proposed anti-submarine warfare version of R4Y-2, 14 canceled.
XT-29
Prototype military trainer version of the Model 240 for the United States Air Force, two built.
T-29A
Initial production version for navigator training, unpressurized cabin for 14 students, 46 built.
VT-29A
T-29As converted for staff transport.
T-29B
Pressurized version with room for 10 navigators and four radio operator students, 105 built.
NT-29B
One T-29B used for permanent testing.
VT-29B
T-29B converted for staff transport with seating for 29 or 32 passengers.
T-29C
T-29B with Pratt & Whitney R-2800-29W engines, 119 built.
AT-29C
T-29C modified for airways checking duties, redesignated ET-29C in 1962.
ET-29C
AT-29C redesignated.
VT-29C
T-29C converted to staff transport.
T-29D
Bombardier training version of the T-29C with room for six students, 93 built.
ET-29D
Airways checking conversion of the T-29D.
VT-29D
Staff transport conversion of the T-29D.
XT-29E
Proposed turboprop version of T-29B, none built.
YT-32
Proposed bomber training version with transparent nose, none built.
Operators
Paraguayan Air Force operated one former USAF Convair C-131D
United States Air Force operated T-29 and C-131 aircraft.
United States Navy operated R4Y/C-131 and T-29 aircraft.
United States Coast Guard operated R4Y/C-131 aircraft.
NASA
Surviving aircraft
HC-131A
52-5794 – On display at the Pueblo Weisbrod Aircraft Museum in Pueblo, Colorado.
C-131A
55-4757 – On display at the Minnesota Air National Guard Museum in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
C-131B
53-7811 – Last registered to Tatonduk Outfitters Limited in Fairbanks, Alaska. This aircraft was previously on display at the Kelly Field Heritage Museum, Lackland AFB, Texas.
53-7819 – Airworthy with Airborne Resources Inc in Midlothian, Texas.
53-7821 – On display at the Air Force Armament Museum, Eglin AFB, Florida.
C-131D
54-2806 – On display at the Jimmy Doolittle Air & Space Museum, Travis AFB, California.
54-2808 – On display at the March Field Air Museum, March ARB (former March AFB), Riverside, California.
54-2810 – Stored at Burlington Air National Guard Base in Burlington, Vermont.
54-2822 – On display at the Aerospace Museum of California, former McClellan AFB, California.
55-0292 – On display at the South Dakota Air and Space Museum, Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota.
55-0293 – On display at the Selfridge Military Air Museum, Selfridge Air National Guard Base, Michigan.
55-0294 – On display at The Leonardo in Salt Lake City, Utah.
55-0295 – On display at the Air Mobility Command Museum, Dover AFB, Delaware.
55-0300 – On display at the Hill Aerospace Museum, Hill AFB, Utah.
55-0301 – Cockpit only with unknown owner in Kenosha, Wisconsin. This airframe was previously on display at the National Museum of the United States Air Force, but was scrapped before 2009.
C-131F
140996 – Airworthy with Gulf & Caribbean Cargo of Waterford, Michigan.
141008 – Airworthy with Conquest Air Inc of Miami Lakes, Florida.
141013 – On display at the Yanks Air Museum in Chino, California.
141015 – On display at the National Museum of Naval Aviation, NAS Pensacola, Florida.
141017 – On display at the Pima Air & Space Museum in Tucson, Arizona.
141025 – In storage at the Pima Air & Space Museum in Tucson, Arizona.
NC-131H
53-7793 – On display at the National Museum of the United States Air Force in Dayton, Ohio.
T-29A
49-1934 – On display at Sheppard AFB, Texas.
50-0190 – On display at the Strategic Air and Space Museum in Ashland, Nebraska.
T-29B
51-7906 – On display at the Pima Air & Space Museum in Tucson, Arizona.
T-29C
53-3489 – On display at the 12th Flying Training Wing area, Randolph AFB, Texas. (previously displayed at former Mather AFB, California; disassembled and relocated following BRAC closure of Mather AFB)
52-1175 – On display at the Linear Air Park at Dyess Air Force Base in Abilene, Texas.
Specifications (C-131B)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Andrade, John. Militair 1982. London: Aviation Press Limited, 1982. .
Frawley, Gerald. "Convair CV-540, 580, 600, 640 & CV5800", The International Directory of Civil Aircraft 1997/98. Fyshwick ACT: Aerospace Publications, 1997. .
Gradidge, Jennifer. The Convairliners Story. Tonbridge, Kent, UK: Air-Britain (Historians) Ltd, 1997. .
Swanborough, F. G. and Peter M. Bowers. United States Military Aircraft since 1909. London: Punam, 1963.
Wegg, John. General Dynamics Aircraft and Their Predecessors. London: Putnam, 1990. .
External links
Convair 240 – National Air and Space Museum
C-131 Samaritan factsheet – National Museum of the United States Air Force
C-131D Samaritan – March Field Air Museum
C-131 Samaritan – GlobalSecurity.org
C-131 Samaritan – The Aviation Zone
Gunships – The Aviation Zone
C-131
1950s United States military trainer aircraft
C-0131 Samaritan
Low-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1949
Twin piston-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft related to spaceflight
Chisaki Oiwa (大岩 千未来 Ōiwa Chisaki born 20 November 2001) is a Japanese rhythmic gymnast. They represented Japan at the 2020 Summer Olympics and finished nineteenth in the qualification round for the individual all-around.  They are a three-time World Championships all-around finalist (2018, 2019, 2021).
Early and personal life
Oiwa was born in Noda, Chiba on 20 November 2001. They began rhythmic gymnastics at age five and quit playing piano at age six to focus solely on rhythmic gymnastics.  They are a student at Kokushikan University.
Career
Oiwa made their senior international debut at the 2017 Minsk World Challenge Cup and finished fourteenth in the all-around. They then competed at the 2018 Asian Games in Jakarta where the Japanese team placed fourth behind Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, and South Korea. In the all-around final, they placed sixth with a total score of 60.200. Then at the World Championships in Sofia, they finished eighth in the team competition alongside Sumire Kita and Kaho Minagawa. They also finished twenty-third in the all-around final with a total score of 63.450.
Oiwa competed at five events during the 2019 World Cup series. First, in Pesaro, they finished seventeenth in the all-around. Then in Baku, they placed twelfth in the all-around. They qualified for the clubs final at the Guadalajara World Challenge Cup and finished sixth. They then finished twelfth in the all-around at the Minsk World Challenge Cup. Then at the Kazan World Cup, they finished eighth in the clubs final. At the 2019 World Championships in Baku, they finished nineteenth in the all-around final and eighth in the team competition with Sumire Kita and Kaho Minagawa.
Oiwa competed in the 2021 World Cup series to qualify for an Olympic berth. First, in Sofia, they finished eighth in the all-around and seventh in the ribbon event final. Then in Tashkent, they placed seventeenth in the all-around. They then finished nineteenth in the all-around at the Baku World Cup. Finally in Pesaro, they finished tenth in the all-around, eighth in ball, and fifth in clubs. These results earned Oiwa an Olympic berth. They were the third-highest ranked eligible gymnast, after Slovenia's Ekaterina Vedeneeva and Uzbekistan's Sabina Tashkenbaeva. At the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, Oiwa finished nineteenth in the qualification round for the individual all-around with a total score of 87.550. After the Olympics, they competed at the World Championships in Kitakyushu and finished thirteenth in the all-around final with a total score of 93.400. They also finished fifth in the team competition with the Japanese team.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Japanese rhythmic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Japan
Olympic gymnasts of Japan
Gymnasts at the 2020 Summer Olympics
People from Noda, Chiba
James White was a rugby union player who played for the Springboks. Born in Queenstown, they were educated at Queen's College where they played for the school's 1st XV Rugby team.
Biography
At the age of 20 in 1931, they were called up to play for the Springboks making them the 217th Springbok and the 2nd of their school to play for the Springboks. They played their first test match on December 5, against at St. Helens, Swansea where they won the match 8–3. They played and started on all their 10 test matches and has a total of 10 points (2 tries and a drop goal). Their last match for South Africa was on September 4, 1937 against at Lancaster Park, Christchurch where they won the match 13–6.
Following their career White served in the Second World War as a member of the 6th Armoured Division.
They died on July 3, 1997 at Johannesburg aged 86.
Test history
Legend: try (3 pts); pen = penalty (3 pts.); conv = conversion (2 pts.), drop = drop kick (4 pts.).
See also
List of South Africa national rugby union players – Springbok no. 217
References
External links
Jimmy White international stats
1911 births
1997 deaths
People from Queenstown, South Africa
South African rugby union players
Rugby union centres
South Africa international rugby union players
Rugby union players from the Eastern Cape
Border Bulldogs players
The 1947–48 season was the 49th completed season of The Football League.
Final league tables
The tables below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season.
From the 1922–23 season, the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election.
First Division
Arsenal, the most successful English club side of the 1930s, picked up their first postwar silverware, finishing top of the First Division by seven points. Their nearest rivals were Manchester United, who lifted the FA Cup with a dramatic 4-2 win over Blackpool at Wembley to end their 37-year wait for a major trophy. Burnley finished level on points with Matt Busby's team. Derby County, the 1946 FA Cup-winners, finished fourth in the league. Defending champions Liverpool finished 11th.
Grimsby Town were relegated in bottom place, 14 points adrift of safety, and were joined in the Second Division by Blackburn Rovers.
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1947-48 in English football
1947 in association football
1948 in association football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1
Ali Botush (), also spelled Alibotoush, is a nature reserve in the small mountain range of Slavyanka, located on the border between Bulgaria and Greece. The reserve occupies the northern section of the mountain which lies within the territory of Bulgaria and takes its name from the old name of Slavyanka. It is situated in the municipalities of Sandanski and Hadzhidimovo, Blagoevgrad Province. It was declared in 1951 to protect the largest forests of the endemic Bosnian pine (Pinus heldreichii) in the Balkan Peninsula. Its territory was further expanded several times and spans an area of 1638 ha or 16,38 km2. It was declared a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve in 1977.
The reserve was created to protect the largest forests of Bosnian pine (Pinus heldreichii) in the Balkans and is renowned for its rich flora — over 1500 species found within its limited territory.
Geography
The reserve is situated on the northern slopes of the Slavyanka mountain range at altitudes between 1140 and 2212 m. It is separated from the Pirin mountain range further north by the Paril Saddle. The mountain is formed by metamorphic Paleozoic limestone and marble that cover a granite nucleus. The territory of Ali Botush has varied geomorphological forms and a number of ridges, such as Brezata, Saint Constantine, Mitnitsata, Tepleshki Peak and Chaplen Bair.
The reserve falls within the continental Mediterranean climate zone and due to its high altitude it also has Alpine climate. However, the Mediterranean influence is very strong and determines the rainfall regime, which has an autumn-winter maximum and a summer minimum. The mean temperatures in winter are much higher than the average temperatures at the same altitudes in the rest of the country. The influence of the foehn wind is very strong in the winter.
The average annual temperature for the lower parts of the reserve is 14 °C and for the highest — about 6 °C. The average duration of the period with temperatures above 10 °C for the low sections of the reserve is 200−220 days and for the high — 130 days. The annual precipitation ranges between 700 and 900 mm, and surpasses 900 mm in the highest zones. Due to the karst relief of the mountain the surface water resources of the reserve are scarce. The streams are sustained mainly with underground waters; rain provides 25−30% of the total flow volume, whereas snow forms another 20−25%.
The soil covers consists of cinnamon forest soils in lower ground and brown forest soils at higher altitude. The humus-carbonate soil type predominates but there are also mountain-meadow soils in the highest sections. The humus-carbonate soils are shallow to moderately deep. They are usually dry and warm.
Flora
Ali Botush is home to diverse flora which has remained intact and pristine due to the reserve's relative isolation in the border zone. On its tiny territory there are over 1500 species of vascular plants which makes it a key floristic formation centre in the Balkan Peninsula. There are over 20 Bulgarian endemic species, of which five can only be observed in the reserve, and 42 to 46 Balkan endemic taxa. The plant species are both from the Mediterranean evergreen forests biome and from the temperate forests biome.
The deciduous forests in the lowest reaches of the reserve are dominated by European beech (Fagus sylvatica) and European hop-hornbeam (Ostrya carpinifolia), and more rarely — sweet chestnut (Castanea sativa). The coniferous forest belt is composed of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris), black pine (Pinus nigra), Norway spruce (Picea abies), European silver fir (Abies alba), Bulgarian fir (Abies borisii-regis), Macedonian pine (Pinus peuce) and Bosnian pine (Pinus heldreichii). The dominant tree species of lower coniferous belt between 1000 and 1450 m is the black pine, while the woods at higher altitudes up to 1800–1900 m are formed by Bosnian pine and are the largest of their kind in the Balkans. The reserve, as well as Pirin National Park are the only habitats of this pine species in Bulgaria. The average age of the Bosnian pine forests is 60 to 120 years, reaching over 200 and rarely 400 years. The height of the individual trees can surpass 30 m. The beech and the fir grow in shady habitats with riches soils while the Bosnian pine occupies zones with fewer nutrients.
The shrub vegetation in the reserve is also varied and is composed of European yew (Taxus baccata), Bulgarian spurge laurel (Daphne kosaninii), spurge laurel (Daphne mezereum), Daphne oleoides and others.
The herbaceous vegetation is very diverse due to the favourable climate and soil conditions, as well as the limestone bedrock. The Bulgarian section of Slavyanka is the only habitat of the endemic Convolvulus suendermanii. Important protected species include the black maidenhair fern (Adiantum capillus-veneris), Polygala nicaeensis, Rhamnus fallax, as well as the Balkan endemic species Fritillaria drenovskii, restricted to Slavyanka, Pirin and northern Greece, Pulsatilla rhodopaea, Saxifraga siribrnyi, long-spur violet (Viola delphinantha), restricted to this area of Bulgaria, as well as Greece, Paril centaurea (Centaurea parilica), restricted to Slavyanka and southern Pirin, etc.
In 2012 one of the world's rarest fungi, Zeus olympius, known until then only from Mount Olympus in Greece, was discovered in Ali Botush. It grows only in association with Bosnian pine.
Fauna
The fauna of the reserve is also varied. The most common larger mammals include brown bear, gray wolf, roe deer, wild boar, European hare, red fox, European badger and golden jackal. The reptiles are diverse and include two species of turtles, spur-thighed tortoise and Hermann's tortoise, as well as numerous snakes and lizards, such as the rare European cat snake and the Erhard's wall lizard. It is the only place in Bulgaria where the Macedonian crested newt is found.
Of the invertebrate species between 55 and 60% belong to the Mediterranean biome. So far, over 1200 insect species have been described from the reserve. The diurnal butterflies are of particular interest. In 1992 biologist Zdravko Kolev identified five new butterfly species for Bulgaria — eastern greenish black-tip (Euchloe penia), Phalakron blue (Polyommatus andronicus), Grecian anomalous blue (Polyommatus aroaniensis), Higgin's anomalous blue (Agrodiaetus nephohiptamenos) and Dils' grayling (Pseudochazara orestes); of them all except for the eastern greenish black-tip are Balkan endemic species and all other than the Grecian anomalous blue can be observed in Bulgaria only in Slavyanka and Pirin mountains.
See also
Geography of Bulgaria
List of protected areas of Bulgaria
List of mountains in Bulgaria
Slavyanka
Pirin
References
References
External links
Biosphere reserves of Bulgaria
Nature reserves in Bulgaria
Geography of Blagoevgrad Province
Tourist attractions in Blagoevgrad Province
Protected areas established in 1951
1951 establishments in Bulgaria
The 1936 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1936. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land. There are numerous damaging tropical cyclones during the season, and half of tropical cyclones during the season became hurricanes.
Systems
Tropical Storm One
Just off the coast of Guatemala, a tropical storm was reported on June 8. It headed north, and sometime after June 9 made landfall. It crossed the isthmus, and it emerged into the Gulf of Honduras. The system then became the first tropical storm of the 1936 Atlantic hurricane season. This cyclone's lowest measured pressure while located in the Pacific Ocean was . This tropical storm caused heavy rains over parts of Central America, especially the Yucatán and British Honduras.
Possible Tropical Cyclone Two
On June 22, there was a possible tropical cyclone some ways south of Acapulco. A ship reported a pressure reading of .
Hurricane Three
About or before 5 August, a tropical cyclone formed southwest of Cape Corrientes. It tracked along the coast and reached hurricane intensity for a time. It entered the Gulf of California and moved up its entire length, weakening as it went north-northwestward. The tropical storm made landfall near the head of the Gulf of California on 8 August and dissipated inland. The lowest pressure reported was . On 8 August in consequence of this tropical storm, San Diego, California, recorded a maximum wind velocity of from the south and a temperature of . The wind whipped tender plants west of San Diego but did little other damage in California. Remnants of this tropical cyclone contributed locally heavy rain over parts of southern California and Arizona on 9 August. A wind and rain storm struck central and southeast Arizona on 8 August, causing $15,000 in damage. Floods washed out railroad tracks near Tucson, and the storm blocked highways and disrupted railway, bus, and airline schedules. In Phoenix, winds swept roofs away and uprooted trees. Two persons suffered injury as the storm demolished their home.
Hurricane Four
On August 17, a hurricane was located south of Cabo San Lucas. It rapidly moved north along the Pacific side of the Baja California peninsula. It was last detected in a much weakened state on August 18. The lowest pressure reading was .
The hurricane caused serious damage to fishing vessels. Two that had sought refuge in Magdalena Bay were driven aground. Another, the Enterprise, was destroyed on Tosco Point. Its crew of twelve were rescued by the Panama Pacific liner California.
Hurricane Five
A tropical cyclone formed near Cape Corrientes on September 8. It moved north, intensified into a hurricane, and made landfall near Cabo San Lucas late on September 9. It had dissipated by September 10. The lowest pressure reading reported for this system was .
Possible Tropical Cyclone Six
From September 24 to 26, a tropical cyclone might have existed in the waters off Manzanillo and south of the Gulf of California.
Hurricane Seven
On October 27, an area of low pressure existed. By October 28, it had intensified into a hurricane. A ship reported a pressure . On October 29, a ship in subtropical latitudes low that was the remnant of this hurricane.
Tropical Depression Eight
On December 4, a northward-moving tropical depression passed over some of the Hawaiian Islands. Its only apparent impact was to cause intensification of the trade winds.
See also
1936 Atlantic hurricane season
1936 Pacific typhoon season
1930s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1936 in Mexico
1936 in Hawaii
Pacific hurricane seasons
1930s Pacific hurricane seasons
Samuel Forrest (born 1977 in York, England) is an English singer-songwriter, best known as the frontman of Nine Black Alps. They also co-fronts The Sorry Kisses with Hayley Hutchinson and previously played bass in York group The Halcyon Band.
Forrest has released six solo albums, Down the Hillside, Paper Crown, No Imagination, The Edge Of Nowhere, Population 4000 and Candlelightwater on Desert Mine Music.
In 2016, Forrest formed a new band called Sewage Farm with bass player Danny Trew Barton and drummer Danny Hirst. The band released their debut album, Cloudy, on Desert Mine Music in November 2016.
Discography
Down the Hillside (2008)
Paper Crown (2009)
No Imagination (2010)
The Edge Of Nowhere (2012)
Population 4000 (2013)
Candlelightwater (2015)
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
21st-century British guitarists
21st-century British male singers
21st-century English singers
English male guitarists
English male singers
English rock guitarists
English songwriters
Musicians from York
British male songwriters
Joshua Lomberger (born November 25, 1980), better known by the ring name Josh Mathews, is an American professional wrestling play by play commentator and former professional wrestler, currently signed to Impact Wrestling.  They are also known for their time in WWE.
Professional wrestling career
World Wrestling Federation / Entertainment / WWE (2001–2014)
Tough Enough and backstage interviewer (2001–2006)
Lomberger was a runner-up to Maven and Nidia in the first WWE Tough Enough in 2001.
Lomberger was eventually hired by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), and began using the name Josh Mathews. In December 2002, they began appearing as the backstage interviewer for the SmackDown! brand and as an announcer on Velocity. They also hosted the WWE webcast Byte This! after Kevin Kelly was released. They later hosted several shows on WWE's official website, including Weekly Top 5, The WWE Experience, and After Burn. In 2003, Mathews also stood in for Tony Chimel as ring announcer for SmackDown!.
In 2004, Mathews was given some limited ring time on SmackDown! when John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL) slapped Mathews for not showing respect to JBL's chief of staff Orlando Jordan when they were interviewing him. They later offered and was accepted to be Booker T's temporary partner for a tag team match on an episode of SmackDown!. They and Booker ultimately won the match. They were later assaulted by Jordan and requested from General Manager Theodore Long that they be given a one-on-one match against him. Booker T wanted to be at ringside during the Mathews-Jordan match, as JBL would no doubt be present, and would give Booker T an excuse to beat down JBL before their match at Survivor Series. Mathews once again emerged victorious against Jordan, with some considerable help from Booker T. They also tried to help Booker in their WWE Championship match at the Survivor Series, but was given a Clothesline From Hell by JBL for their efforts. On the March 31, 2005 episode of SmackDown! Mathews was attacked by Kurt Angle. Mathews was then possessed by The Undertaker on the December 9, 2005 episode of SmackDown! while interviewing Randy Orton.
Commentator (2006–2014)
Mathews filled in for an absent Todd Grisham on a summer 2006 episode of Raw. They also hosted pre-shows for WWE pay-per-view events, and they provided color commentary on Heat from time to time before the show was cancelled in May 2008. They were the host of WWE.com's Weekly Top Five when it started and hosted it until April 2009 when they were replaced by Jack Korpela. During Todd Grisham's stint as ECW commentator, Mathews replaced them as Raw's backstage interviewer. Mathews, along with WWE Diva Candice Michelle were WWE's correspondents at both the Democratic and Republican National Conventions in an effort to encourage WWE fans to register to vote for the 2008 Presidential election.
On the April 7, 2009, episode of ECW, Mathews was announced as the new play-by-play commentator, as the previous commentator, Todd Grisham was moved to SmackDown after Tazz departed WWE. In addition to commentating on ECW and ECW pay-per-view matches, Mathews along with Matt Striker represented the ECW brand on Superstars every week starting with the inaugural episode on April 16, 2009. After ECW's closure, Mathews became the color commentator of NXT. On the April 9, 2010 episode of SmackDown, Mathews was attacked with a sleeper hold by Dolph Ziggler when they were interviewing him. On December 10, Mathews officially replaced Todd Grisham as the play-by-play commentator for SmackDown, commentating alongside Michael Cole and Striker. On the February 4, 2011, episode of SmackDown, Mathews and Cole were joined by Booker T, forming a three-man announcement team. Mathews was replaced by William Regal as a commentator on season five of NXT in 2011.
In late 2010, Mathews often worked as the color commentator on Raw due to Jerry Lawler's increased in-ring competition. On April 3, 2011, Mathews commentated the majority of WrestleMania XXVII, though they received a 'Stone Cold Stunner' from an angered Stone Cold Steve Austin, cutting their night short. The following night on Raw, Mathews found themselves aligned with Jerry Lawler, and against Michael Cole. They then became the alternate spokesperson for the Anonymous Raw General Manager, when Michael Cole was not commentating. They're then using the new catchphrase "The Anonymous Raw General Manager says...", before reading each e-mail. On the April 25 episode of Raw, Mathews announced that the Jim Ross and Jerry Lawler vs. Michael Cole and Jack Swagger match at Extreme Rules will be a Country Whipping match, which Cole and Swagger won. At the following pay-per-view, Over the Limit, Mathews supported Lawler, Bret Hart and Eve Torres in having Michael Cole kiss Lawler's foot. The following night, again as the spokesperson for the anonymous Raw General Manager, Mathews read the e-mail that denied The Miz's request for another title shot, seemingly done with John Cena. They left the Raw broadcasting table the following week, after Cole and Lawler reconciled, though they remained on the show as a backstage interviewer and backup commentator.
Mathews reunited with their former ECW and SmackDown broadcast partner Matt Striker on the November 10, 2011 episode of Superstars, becoming the full-time broadcasting team. They and Striker also called the November 9, 2011 broadcast of NXT, marking their second return to the show since their original run ended after season four. On the April 23, 2012 episode of Raw, Mathews was throttled by Brock Lesnar after Lesnar believed Mathews had made a smart-aleck comment towards him. Later in the year, they were attacked at SummerSlam, this time by Kane, who was angry over being defeated by Daniel Bryan. Mathews was again attacked by Kane on August 31, 2012 episode of SmackDown after they lost their match against Alberto Del Rio.
Mathews was the play-by-play commentator of Saturday Morning Slam throughout the show's 2012–2013 run. They were also a commentator of Main Event. On September 27, 2013, they started as commentator of Superstars with Tom Phillips. On October 18, 2013 episode of SmackDown, Alberto Del Rio attacked Mathews while threatening John Cena about what they were going to do to them in Hell in a Cell. On June 25, 2014, Mathews was released from WWE.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling / Impact Wrestling (2014–present)
After being released from WWE, it was reported that Lomberger had signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) to work in their offices in Nashville. Throughout November and December, Mathews appeared in episodes of #ImWithSpud on TNA's YouTube channel. In December 2014, TNA confirmed that Mathews would take Mike Tenay's place. In January 2015, Mathews was the lead announcer of Impact Wrestling alongside Taz. On June 3, 2015, D'Angelo Dinero officially joined Mathews as their broadcast partner for Impact Wrestling.
On the March 2, 2017 episode of Impact Wrestling, Mathews turned heel that night when they began favoring heel wrestlers over face wrestlers. They continuously praised himself, and they argued with D'Angelo Dinero throughout the broadcast. In April, Mathews had a series of arguments with Jeremy Borash and the two started a heated rivalry, which seemed to culminate in a match where Mathews and Borash formed teams of four wrestlers to compete against each other, with the team Mathews created ending up on the losing side, meaning they would no longer be lead-commentator. However, on April 21, Mathews returned to ringside accompanying Ethan Carter III, and joined Borash and Dinero, providing commentary, again belittling the wrestlers who the fans cheered for. At Slammiversary XV, Mathews teamed with Scott Steiner against Jeremy Borash and Joseph Park in a losing effort. On January 13, 2018, Matt Sydal turned heel and gifted their Impact Grand Championship to Mathews, only for Sydal to drop the belt to Austin Aries while defending it on Mathews' behalf. Following this, Mathews' heel commentator status was phased out.
Mathews ceased to be Impact's main play-by-play announcer following Hard to Kill (2021), though they still occasionally filled in at shows when new lead Matt Striker was unavailable.
Personal life
Lomberger was previously married to Rue DeBona from November 2006 until their divorce in 2008. In August 2015, Lomberger married Ashley Simmons, best known by their ring name Madison Rayne.
Mathews, along with Batista, Shelton Benjamin and Candice Michelle, represented WWE at the 2008 Democratic National Convention in an effort to persuade fans to register to vote in the 2008 Presidential election.
Championships and accomplishments
Impact Wrestling
Impact Grand Championship (1 time)
References
External links
IMPACT profile
1980 births
Living people
People from Sea Isle City, New Jersey
American male professional wrestlers
American television hosts
New Jersey Democrats
Professional wrestlers from New Jersey
Professional wrestling announcers
Tough Enough contestants
Impact Grand Champions
Decimus may refer to:
Romen praenomen
Decimus (praenomen)
Decimus Carfulenus (died 43 BC), Roman statesman
Decimus Haterius Agrippa (died 32 AD), consul in 22 AD
Decimus Junius Brutus (consul 77 BC)
Decimus Junius Brutus Albinus (–43 BC), Roman politician and general, assassin of Julius Caesar
Decimus Junius Brutus Callaicus (180 BC–113 BC), Roman politician and general
Decimus Junius Silanus Torquatus (16 AD–64 AD), consul in AD 53
Decimus Junius Silanus (consul) ()
Decimus Junius Silanus (translator of Mago) ()
Decimus Laberius (–43 BC), Roman eques and writer
Decimus Laelius (), Roman lawyer and tribune of the plebs
Decimus Laelius Balbus, consul in 6 BC
Decimus Valerius Asiaticus (–47 AD), Roman senator
Decimus Valerius Asiaticus (Legatus) (35-after 69 AD), Roman senator, Legatus of Gallia Belgica
Ausonius (Decimus Magnus Ausonius, –), Roman poet and rhetorician
Balbinus (Decimus Caelius Calvinus Balbinus, –238), Roman emperor in 238
Clodius Albinus (–197), Roman usurper
Juvenal (Decimus Junius Juvenalis), poet of the 1st century AD
Given name
Decimus Burton (1800–1881), English architect
Decimus Govett (1827–1912), Anglican priest
Pen-name
Thomas Chatterton (1752–1780), English poet
The Gough finch (Rowettia goughensis) or Gough bunting, is a critically endangered species of songbird.
Taxonomy
The Gough finch was formally described in 1904 by the British ornithologist William Eagle Clarke from a specimen collected on Gough Island in the South Atlantic. Clarke coined the binomial name Nesospiza goughensis. The Gough finch is now the only species placed in the genus Rowettia that was introduced in 1923 by the English ornithologist Percy Lowe. The genus name was chosen to honour John Quiller Rowett, an English business person and the sponsor of the Shackleton–Rowett Expedition. The Gough finch was traditionally considered to be a bunting in the family Emberizidae, but molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that it is a member of the subfamily Diglossinae in the tanager family Thraupidae and is sister to a clade containing birds in the genus Melanodera. The species is monotypic: no subspecies are recognised.
Another species of finch were described from Gough Island, Nesospiza jessiae, in 1904. This species was later identified as a juvenile of the Gough finch.
Description
The Gough finch is in length and weighs .
Distribution and habitat
It is endemic to the remote Gough Island, part of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena, and nearby stacks, in the South Atlantic. Its natural habitats are temperate shrubland and subantarctic grassland.
Status and conservation
It was formerly classified as a Vulnerable species by the IUCN. But new research has shown that its population has collapsed and it is on the verge of extinction due to the introduced population of house mice (Mus musculus), noted for its unusual aggressiveness, competing with the birds for food and eating their eggs and nestlings. Consequently, it was uplisted to Critically Endangered in 2008.
References
Further reading
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Gough finch
Tanagers
Fauna of Gough Island
Endemic fauna of Tristan da Cunha
Birds described in 1904
Gough finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Waldgrehweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Donnersbergkreis
Vilmos "Willy" Kohut (17 July 1906 – 18 February 1986) was a Hungarian footballer who played as a striker for Ferencvárosi TC, French team Olympique Marseille and the Hungary national team. Kohut got 25 caps and 14 goals for the Hungary national team between 1925 and 1938. They represented their country at the 1938 FIFA World Cup and scored one goal in two matches.
Honours
Hungarian League: 1926, 1927, 1928, 1932
Hungarian Cup: 1927, 1928, 1933
French Ligue: 1937
French Cup: 1935,1938
Mitropa Cup: 1928
FIFA World Cup: runners-up 1938
External links
Willy Kohut "le canon Hongrois"
Ol.Marseille Archive/Vilmos Kohut/
1906 births
1986 deaths
Footballers from Budapest
Hungarian footballers
Association football forwards
Hungary international footballers
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Ferencvárosi TC footballers
Nîmes Olympique players
Olympique de Marseille players
FC Antibes players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Ligue 1 players
Hungarian football managers
Olympique de Marseille managers
Hungarian expatriate footballers
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Dynatocephala omophaea is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Nepal, Sikkim in northern India, Thailand, western Malaysia, Vietnam, Sumatra and Borneo.
References
Moths described in 1926
Archipini
Henry Wolfe Butner (April 6, 1875 – March 13, 1937) was a United States Army general in World War I and onetime commanding officer of Fort Bragg (1928–29). A native of North Carolina, Butner graduated in the top half of the United States Military Academy Class of 1898. They became an artillery officer and was sent to France with the American Expeditionary Force during World War I. In the last month of the war Butner commanded an artillery brigade after promotion to brigadier general. After attending the United States Army War College, they led the United States Army Field Artillery School, the 24th Field Artillery Regiment, Fort Bragg, and Fort Eustis. Promoted to major general in early 1936, Butner took command of the Panama Canal Department. They suffered a stroke while golfing in late 1936, and died at Walter Reed Army Hospital in March 1937.
Early life
Henry Wolfe Butner was born in the Pinnacle community of Surry County, North Carolina on April 6, 1875 to Francis Augustine and Sarah Wolfe Butner. They came from a family rich in military tradition, including service in both the American Revolution and the Civil War. Butner attended the Davis Military School near Winston-Salem before taking the entrance exam at West Point in June 1894. They graduated 18th of 109 in the West Point class of 1898. Butner received the rank of second lieutenant upon their graduation.
Military career
Butner was sent to the 3rd Artillery Regiment's Battery E, stationed at Fort Point, San Francisco. They served with the unit from 29 May to 8 December 1898. They were transferred to the Presidio on 8 December and on 28 January 1899 to Alcatraz Island. In the spring of that year Butner transferred to Fort Baker. In June, Butner transferred to the regiment's Battery F. On 1 July, they were reassigned to Fort Riley and the regiment's light battery. On 1 July 1900, Butner was transferred to the 6th Battery, Field Artillery. They stated at Fort Riley until 4 December, when they became commander of a recruit detachment and was sent to Cuba. On 2 February 1901, they were promoted to first lieutenant. Butner returned to the United States on 5 February 1901 and was sent back to the 6th Battery. Butner was promoted to captain on 23 September.
On 24 October 1901, Butner became commander of the 122nd Company of the Coast Artillery at Fort Columbus. The unit moved to Key West Barracks on 4 October 1902. Butner was sent to the Staff College at Fort Leavenworth on 13 July 1905, graduating on 26 July 1906. They became a camp instructor at Fort Riley, and on 29 September transferred to Fort Flagler. In 1907, Butner returned to the Field Artillery and on 19 July became adjutant of the 2nd Field Artillery Regiment at Fort D.A. Russell. On 10 February 1909, the regiment began its transfer to Fort McKinley. Butner also served at Camp Gregg, Camp Stotsenburg, and Manila while in the Philippines until 14 April 1911. In May 1911, they became commander of the 2nd Artillery's F Battery at Vancouver Barracks. On 10 September they became a student at the School of Fire, attending it until 25 February 1912. Butner became quartermaster of the Fort Leavenworth Military Prison, being stationed there until 11 December. They transferred to Fort Riley and became commander of D Battery there.
On 20 April 1914, Butner was detached to lead a battery in Brownsville, Texas. They served at Leon Springs, Texas from 14 August to 13 November. They returned to Brownsville and was stationed there until 17 May 1915. From then to 6 August Butner was at Laredo, Texas. From 6 August to 28 October they were at Nogales, Arizona. Between 28 October and 25 November, Butner served at Douglas, Arizona. They returned to Nogales from 25 November to 10 December, then went back to Douglas until 2 November 1916. On 1 July 1916, they were promoted to major. They were ordered to Hawaii and stationed at Schofield Barracks.
They were promoted to lieutenant colonel on 15 May 1917. Butner returned from Schofield Barracks on 14 December. They served with the 16th Field Artillery Regiment at Fort Sill. On 5 August, they became a temporary colonel. Butner and their regiment began their voyage to France on 21 May 1918. Between 5 and 17 August Butner fought in operations on the Vesle front. They participated in the Battle of Saint-Mihiel between 2 and 13 September. On 1 October, they became a temporary brigadier general and took command of the 1st Field Artillery Brigade. The brigade supported I Corps in the Battle of Saint-Mihiel. Between 1 October and 9 November, they led the brigade in the Meuse-Argonne Offensive. Butner was commander of the brigade until 12 November. They were sent to the Coblenz Bridgehead with the Third Army for occupation duties, arriving on 15 December. On 26 May 1919, Butner returned to the United States.
On 15 July, Butner reverted to their permanent rank of lieutenant colonel. On 28 September, they became a colonel. After World War I, Butner attended the U.S. Army War College and graduated in June 1920. They became assistant commandant of the Field Artillery School at Fort Sill. On 1 July 1922, Butner became commandant of the school. On 3 January 1923 they became assistant commandant of the school again. On 3 July 1924, Butner transferred to Fort Bragg and became commander of the 5th Field Artillery Regiment. On 15 August 1925, they were ordered to the Philippines, arriving at Camp Stotsenburg on 15 December. Butner became commander of the 24th Field Artillery, Philippine Scouts. They commanded the regiment until 5 December 1927.
Butner was sent back to the United States and became president of the Field Artillery Board at Fort Bragg in February 1928. At the same time, they commanded the 13th Field Artillery Brigade. Between 1928 and 1929, they commanded Fort Bragg. On 7 March 1930, they became a brigadier general. On 29 March 1930 Butner transferred to the Air Corps Tactical School. From 26 April, they were a student at the Coast Artillery School at Fort Monroe. On 24 May they became commander of Fort Eustis, a post they held until 4 August. Butner was transferred to Hawaii to lead the 11th Field Artillery Brigade at Schofield Barracks from 24 October. Butner remained commander until 4 October 1932. On 10 October 1932, they returned to the United States and became commander of the 3rd Field Artillery Brigade at Fort Lewis. After 1 August 1934 they became commandant of the Field Artillery School. Butner also commanded the 4th Field Artillery Brigade for most of this time. On 1 February 1936, they were promoted to major general. In July 1936, they became commander of the Panama Canal Department, which was their last command.
Awards
They received the Army Distinguished Service Medal in 1920 for their actions in World War I in command of the 1st Field Artillery Brigade. Butner was also awarded the Silver Star Citation for "distinguished conduct during operations at Mouzen, and subsequent advance on Sedan, November 5–7, 1918." They were also awarded the French Croix de Guerre, with Palm.
Death and legacy
Butner had a slight stroke while playing golf in December 1936, and was sent to Walter Reed Army Hospital, where they died on 13 March 1937. Butner was buried in the Arlington National Cemetery.
In 1944, a ship was named after him. Camp Butner near Durham, North Carolina—today the site of the town of Butner, North Carolina—was named for him.
Notes
References
USMA Class of 1898 Biographies by Susan Linnerud
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army generals
1875 births
1937 deaths
People from Surry County, North Carolina
Military personnel from North Carolina
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre (France)
United States Army War College alumni
Beijerinck is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south of the larger crater Chaplygin, and to the northeast of the huge walled plain Gagarin.
The outer rim of this crater is heavily worn and eroded by subsequent meteor bombardment, particularly along the southern half, with several small and tiny craterlets lying along the rim. The interior floor, in contrast, is relatively level and unmarked by notable impacts. There is a small, angled central peak near the midpoint of the floor.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Beijerinck.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Martinus Beijerinck
Marcelino Manuel da Graça (January 25, 1881 or 1884—January 12, 1960), better known as Charles Manuel "Sweet Daddy" Grace, or Daddy Grace, was the founder and first bishop of the predominantly African-American denomination, the United House of Prayer For All People. They were a contemporary of other religious leaders such as Father Divine, Noble Drew Ali and Ernest Holmes. Many of their followers claimed miraculous acts of faith healing while attending services and others saw their ministry as a sign from God of the imminent return of Jesus Christ.
Origins and family
Marcelino Manuel da Graça's parents were Manuel (1837–1926) and Gertrude (1847–1933) da Graça. Marcelino da Graça's sibling group consisted of one brother, Benventura, and four sisters: Eugenia, Slyvia, Amalia, and Louise. They were born January 25, in Brava in the Cape Verde Islands, then a Portuguese possession off the west coast of Africa. There is no verifiable information to confirm Grace's exact birth year, but most sources either state 1881 or 1884. The family of Manuel da Graca, the father of Marcelino, arrived in America at the port of New Bedford, Massachusetts, aboard a ship called the Freeman in May 1902. It is unclear whether Marcelino was aboard the ship in 1902, but ship manifests show that they visited America in 1903, and in 1904 they came as a cabin passenger aboard the schooner called Luiza.
Marcelino Grace married twice. Their first wife was Jane "Jennie" Lomba, a Cape Verdean woman also known as Jennie Lombard. They were married in 1909. They had a daughter, Irene, in 1910 and son, Norman in 1912. Norman died in 1947. Whether they officially divorced was disputed. Their second wife was named Angelina (Montano) Grace, a woman of Mexican descent, whom they married in 1932. They had a son, Marcelino, in 1935. They divorced in 1937.
In their book Daddy Grace, Marie W. Dallam notes that the entire da Graca family were Roman Catholics in their homeland and opened up to different forms of the Christian experience once they immigrated to the United States. The US-based Protestant Church of the Nazarene was the first non-Catholic Christian church to establish a mission in Cape Verde in 1900.
Benventura da Graça, the brother of Marcelino, would later become a Church of the Nazarene pastor in the US. Marcelino, however, was said inside the da Graça family (according to the research done by Dallam) to have always been a "special child". Unlike the conventional ministry of their brother, they went on to establish a unique and independent Christian ministry. After becoming a famous bishop it was recounted that as a youth they had received a commission to preach directly from God.
United House Of Prayer
After leaving their job as a railway cook, Marcelino Manuel da Graca, using the anglicized version of their name, Charles Manuel (Emmanuel) Grace, began using the title "Bishop". In 1919, they built the first House of Prayer in West Wareham, Massachusetts at the cost of $39. They later established branches in Charlotte, North Carolina and Newark, New Jersey. Throughout the 1920s and 1930s, Bishop Grace traveled America preaching and establishing the United House of Prayer for All People. The Constitution and By-Laws of The United House of Prayer, promulgated in 1929, stated that the purpose of the organization in pertinent part was "to erect and maintain places of worship and assembly where all people may gather prayer and to worship the Almighty God, irrespective of denomination or creed." They traveled extensively throughout the segregated South in the 1920s and 1930s preaching to integrated congregations years before the civil rights struggles of the 1950s and 1960s and the religious ecumenical movements which followed.
Bishop Grace died in 1960 and is buried in the Pine Grove Cemetery in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
Faith-healing savior
For Bishop Grace and their followers the miraculous stories as told of the Apostles in the New Testament of the Bible did not end with their deaths. Grace asserted that such miracles were available again, through him. As "Daddy Grace", the bishop and leader of the United House of Prayer, they were well known and respected by their followers as a faith healer and miracle worker.
Grace also claimed that by the power of the Holy Ghost they could raise the dead, one such person who claimed that they did was their younger sister Jeannie (Eugenia), who reportedly died and was raised again by Grace. They would accompany Grace in their missionary tours and testify to the fact.
Style
Grace was an early prototype of what is now understood in western culture as the "celebrity preacher". Active during the early and mid-20th century, Grace used attention-getting maneuvers such as wearing loudly colored suits with bold, different-colored piping and shiny buttons, along with glitzy, expensive jewelry and long fingernails not painted.
Legacy and followers
The most notable organizational outcome of the 40 year ministry of Bishop Grace in the United States of America is the religious denomination known as the United House of Prayer For All People. Each successive leader/Bishop of the United House of Prayer for All People continues in the one-man leadership style initiated by Bishop Grace and each successive Bishop is called "Daddy" in turn.
Besides the United House of Prayer for All People, other USA denominations also trace their origins to the ministry of Bishop Grace.
Prominent among them is the New York City-based "House of the Lord Pentecostal Church on the Mount".
See also
United House of Prayer for All People
Religion in Black America
References
External links
Charles Emanuel "Daddy" Grace
Audio interview about Daddy Grace with Marie Dallam
1880s births
1960 deaths
American people of Cape Verdean descent
Clergy of historically African-American Christian denominations
Cape Verdean emigrants to the United States
People from Brava, Cape Verde
African-American Christian clergy
American Pentecostal pastors
Founders of new religious movements
20th-century African-American people
Shon Robert Hopwood (born June 11, 1975) is an American appellate lawyer and professor of law at Georgetown University Law Center. Hopwood became well-known as a jailhouse lawyer who served time in prison for bank robbery. While in prison, they started spending time in the law library, and became an accomplished United States Supreme Court practitioner by the time they left in 2009.
Early life
Hopwood is the son of Robert Mark Hopwood and Becky Richards, who raised them in a Christian home. They grew up in David City, Nebraska, approximately an hour's drive northwest of Lincoln, Nebraska. Hopwood is the eldest of five siblings. Hopwood excelled on standardized tests. They were a high school basketball standout, earning themselves a scholarship to Midland University in Fremont, Nebraska. After Hopwood realized they were a mediocre talent in basketball, they became disillusioned and did not go to classes.
After leaving school, Hopwood joined the United States Navy. They were stationed in the Persian Gulf. While in the Navy, Hopwood guarded warships with shoulder-mounted Stinger missiles. They almost died from acute pancreatitis in a Bahrain hospital, which prompted their discharge from the Navy.
Bank robbery
Hopwood pleaded guilty on October 28, 1998, to robbing several banks in Nebraska. Federal judge Richard G. Kopf of the U.S. District Court for the District of Nebraska sentenced Hopwood to 12 years and three months in prison, followed by three years of supervised release and ordered $134,544 in restitution. Kopf was stunned by Hopwood's later transformation, saying, "my gut told me that [he] was a punk—all mouth, and very little else. My viscera were wrong." In Kopf's own opinion, "Hopwood proves that my sentencing instincts suck."
Jailhouse lawyer
Hopwood served their prison sentence at Federal Correctional Institution, Pekin. While at Pekin, they spent five weeks in solitary confinement, and criticized the practice once they got out.
They prepared their first petition for certiorari for a fellow inmate on a prison typewriter in 2002. Since Hopwood was not a lawyer, the only name on the brief was that of the other prisoner, John Fellers. Once the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case, they worked with former United States Solicitor General Seth Waxman in preparing the case. Waxman stated that the petition for writ of certiorari was probably one of the best they had ever seen. The court agreed to hear the case, Fellers v. United States. The court, in a 9–0 decision, found that police had acted unconstitutionally in questioning Fellers, who had been convicted of a drug conspiracy. Fellers's sentence was ultimately reduced by four years.
In 2005, the Supreme Court granted a second cert petition prepared by Hopwood, vacating a lower court decision and sending the case back for a fresh look. Hopwood has also helped inmates from Indiana, Michigan and Nebraska get sentence reductions of 3 to 10 years from lower courts.
They also won honorable mention in the PEN American Center 2008 Prison Writing contest.
Hopwood was released from the custody of the Bureau of Prisons on April 9, 2009. In 2010, they were working at Cockle Printing in Omaha, Nebraska, a leading printer of Supreme Court briefs.
Law school and legal career
Hopwood holds a Bachelor of Science from Bellevue University in Bellevue, Nebraska, and a Juris Doctor from the University of Washington School of Law, where they were a Gates Public Service Law Scholar. They accepted an offer to spend a year working as a law clerk for Judge Janice Rogers Brown of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit after they graduated from law school.
On September 4, 2014, the Supreme Court of Washington approved the recommendation made by the Character and Fitness Committee of the Washington State Bar Association, permitting Hopwood to take the Washington bar examination, and to become an attorney if they passed. Their ability to become of a member of the Washington State Bar Association was named one of the 14 memorable National Law Journal Supreme Court of the United States stories of 2014. In 2015, Hopwood became a licensed lawyer in the state of Washington.
In 2015, Hopwood accepted a position as a graduate teaching fellow in Georgetown University Law Center's Appellate Litigation Clinic, where they were pursuing a Master of Laws degree. In 2017, Hopwood became a professor of law at Georgetown. They hired 2020 Georgetown Law graduate Tiffany Trump as their research assistant.
Writings and views
Hopwood's memoir, Law Man: My Story of Robbing Banks, Winning Supreme Court Cases, and Finding Redemption, co-written with Dennis Burke, was published in August 2012. In the memoir, Hopwood details both their life as a jailhouse lawyer and their romance with their wife, Ann Marie Hopwood, to whom Hopwood wrote during eight years of their imprisonment. Law Man received critical acclaim from a number of book reviewers.
Hopwood is a criminal justice advocate, and they have written about the need for federal sentencing and prison reform. Hopwood told an ACLU event that their home state of Nebraska should reform sentencing guidelines for prisoners, keep good time credits and not build a new prison.
Contributions to scholarly journals
Clarity in Criminal Law, American Criminal Law Review (2016)
Seasonal Affective Disorder: Clerk Training and the Success of Supreme Court Certiorari Petitions
The Not So Speedy Trial Act, 89 Wash. L. Rev. 709 (2014)
Preface: Failing to Fix Sentencing Mistakes: How the System of Mass Incarceration May Have Hardened the Hearts of the Federal Judiciary, 43 Geo. L.J. Ann. Rev. Crim. Proc. iii (2014)
Slicing Through the Great Legal Gordian Knot: Ways to Assist Pro Se Litigants in Their Quest for Justice, 80 Fordham L. Rev. 1229 (2011)
A Sunny Deposition: How the in Forma Pauperis Statute Provides an Avenue for Indigent Prisoners to Seek Depositions Without Accompanying Fees, 46 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 195 (2011)
From a Prison Law Library to the New York Times, Informal Opinion, Champion, November 2010
In the media
Hopwood has been profiled by The New York Times, NPR, and other media. They were featured on a 60 Minutes segment in 2017 and repeated in 2019, where they were interviewed by Steve Kroft.
References
21st-century American essayists
American bank robbers
American bloggers
Living people
American legal scholars
American legal writers
21st-century American memoirists
Prison reformers
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
Criminal defense lawyers
Public defenders
Writers from Washington, D.C.
Writers from Nebraska
University of Washington School of Law alumni
Washington (state) lawyers
People from David City, Nebraska
Bellevue University alumni
American male essayists
Georgetown University Law Center faculty
American male bloggers
1975 births
Government Offices for the English Regions (GOs) were established in 1994 by the John Major government. Until 2011, they were the primary means by which a wide range of policies and programmes of the Government of the United Kingdom were delivered in the regions of England.
There were Government Offices in the East Midlands, East of England, London, North East, North West (until 1998 there was a separate GO for Merseyside), South East, South West, West Midlands and Yorkshire and the Humber regions.
Purpose
The Offices represented thirteen Whitehall departments, and were involved in regenerating communities, fighting crime, tackling housing needs, improving public health, raising standards in education and skills, tackling countryside issues and reducing unemployment.
Departments represented
By the time of their abolition, there were twelve Whitehall Departments represented in the Offices:
Department for Communities and Local Government (lead department)
Department for Business, Innovation and Skills
Cabinet Office
Department for Culture, Media and Sport
Department for Children, Schools and Families
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Department of Health
Department for Transport
Department for Work and Pensions
Home Office
Ministry of Justice
HM Treasury
Abolition
The abolition of the Government Offices was announced in the Coalition Government's Spending Review in October 2010. It was stated at that time that "The GO Network will therefore close no later than the end of March 2011. Functions undertaken by the GO Network are now in the process of being wound down, with the exception of a small number which may transfer elsewhere."
See also
Regional State Administrative Agency
References
External links
National Archives archive page
Regional planning in England
Politics of England
Defunct public bodies of the United Kingdom
The phrase pathetic fallacy is a literary term for the attribution of human emotion and conduct to things found in nature that are not human. It is a kind of personification that occurs in poetic descriptions, when, for example, clouds seem sullen, when leaves dance, or when rocks seem indifferent. The British cultural critic John Ruskin coined the term in Volume 3 of their work, Modern Painters (1856).
History of the phrase
Ruskin coined the term pathetic fallacy to attack the sentimentality that was common to the poetry of the late 18th century, and which was rampant among poets including Burns, Blake, Wordsworth, Shelley, and Keats. Wordsworth supported this use of personification based on emotion by claiming that "objects ... derive their influence not from properties inherent in them ... but from such as are bestowed upon them by the minds of those who are conversant with or affected by these objects." However Tennyson, in their own poetry, began to refine and diminish such expressions, and introduced an emphasis on what might be called a more scientific comparison of objects in terms of sense perception. The old order was beginning to be replaced by the new just as Ruskin addressed the matter, and the use of the pathetic fallacy markedly began to disappear. As a critic, Ruskin proved influential and is credited with having helped to refine poetic expression.
The meaning of the term has changed significantly from the idea Ruskin had in mind. Ruskin's original definition is 'emotional falseness', or the falseness that occurs to one's perceptions when influenced by violent or heightened emotion. For example, when a person is unhinged by grief, the clouds might seem darker than they are, or perhaps mournful or perhaps even uncaring.
There have been other changes to Ruskin's phrase since they coined it: The particular definition that Ruskin used for the word fallacy has since become obsolete. The word nowadays is defined as an example of flawed reasoning, but for Ruskin and writers of the 19th century and earlier, fallacy could be used to mean simply a 'falseness'. In the same way, the word pathetic simply meant for Ruskin 'emotional' or 'pertaining to emotion'.
Setting aside Ruskin's original intentions, and despite this linguistic 'rocky road', the two-word phrase has survived, though with a significantly altered meaning.
Examples of Ruskin's original meaning
In their essay, Ruskin demonstrates their original meaning by offering lines of a poem:
They rowed them in across the rolling foam—
The cruel, crawling foam...
Ruskin then points out that "the foam is not cruel, neither does it crawl. The state of mind which attributes to it these characters of a living creature is one in which the reason is unhinged by grief"—yet, Ruskin did not disapprove of this use of the pathetic fallacy:
Now, so long as we see that the feeling is true, we pardon, or are even pleased by, the confessed fallacy of sight, which it induces: we are pleased, for instance, with those lines ... above quoted, not because they fallaciously describe foam, but because they faithfully describe sorrow.
Ruskin intended that pathetic fallacy may also refer to any untrue quality: as in the description of a crocus as "gold", when the flower is, according to Ruskin, saffron in colour.
The following, a stanza from the poem "Maud" (1855) by Alfred, Lord Tennyson, demonstrates what John Ruskin, in Modern Painters, said was an "exquisite" instance of the use of the pathetic fallacy:
There has fallen a splendid tear
From the passion-flower at the gate.
 They are coming, my dove, my dear;
 They are coming, my life, my fate.
The red rose cries, "She is near, they are near;"
And the white rose weeps, "She is late;"
The larkspur listens, "I hear, I hear;"
And the lily whispers, "I wait." (Part 1, XXII, 10)
Science
In science, the term pathetic fallacy is used in a pejorative way in order to discourage the kind of figurative speech in descriptions that might not be strictly accurate and clear, and that might communicate a false impression of a natural phenomenon. An example is the metaphorical phrase "Nature abhors a vacuum", which contains the suggestion that nature is capable of abhorring something. There are more accurate and scientific ways to describe nature and vacuums.
Another example of a pathetic fallacy is the expression, "Air hates to be crowded, and, when compressed, it will try to escape to an area of lower pressure." It is not accurate to suggest that air "hates" anything or "tries" to do anything. One way to express the ideas that underlie that phrase in a more scientific manner can be found and described in the kinetic theory of gases: effusion or movement towards lower pressure occurs because unobstructed gas molecules will become more evenly distributed between high- and low-pressure zones, by a flow from the former to the latter.
See also
Animism
Anthropocentrism
Anthropomorphism
Figure of speech
Morgan's Canon
List of narrative techniques
Hypallage
References
Further reading
Abrams, M. H. A Glossary of Literary Terms, 7th edition. Fort Worth, Texas: Harcourt Brace College Publishers, 1999. .
Groden, Michael, and Martin Kreiswirth (eds.). The Johns Hopkins Guide to Literary Theory and Criticism. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1994. .
Ruskin, J., "Of the Pathetic Fallacy", Modern Painters Vol. III (1856).
1843 introductions
Anthropomorphism
Figures of speech
Literary criticism
Neologisms
1850s neologisms
The Emeril Lagasse Show is a weekly talk show starring Emeril Lagasse. It aired on Sundays at 5:00PM Eastern on Ion Television. The program originally premiered on April 18, 2010, airing at 8:00PM.
The announcement of the show was made by Emeril on Martha in late January 2010. The show was filmed live before a studio audience and has featured a similar format of Emeril Live and also featured celebrities making guest appearances. A band plays music and interact with Lagasse and guests, plus the show has featured field pieces shot in and around New York City where the show was taped.
The show featured house band Dave Koz & The Kozmos, featuring Dave Koz (saxophone), Jeff Golub (guitar), Philippe Saisse (keyboards), Conrad Korsch (bass guitar), and Skoota Warner (drums).
This was Ion TV's first American original show since its short-lived original drama Palmetto Pointe in 2005. For reasons unknown, it was cancelled in July 2010.
International Broadcasts
In Australia, the show is broadcast on the Seven Network's multi-channel 7TWO on Sunday afternoons.
References
2010 American television series debuts
American television talk shows
2010 American television series endings
A relapse is a recurrence of a past (typically medical) condition. It may also refer to:
Relapse Records, a record label
Relapse (Eminem album), a 2009 album by Eminem
Relapse (Ministry album), a 2012 music album by Ministry
Relapse (EP), a 2002 EP by Oceansize
The Relapse, a 1696 play by John Vanbrugh
See also
Lapse (disambiguation)
Time lapse (disambiguation)
24/7 is the title of the seventh studio album by GusGus. The album was released on 14 September 2009 by the German label Kompakt, which had delayed the record from its originally announced release date of 6 July 2009. The first single was "Add This Song", released on 22 June 2009, with remixes from Lopazz & Zarook, Gluteus Maximus, Patrick Chardronnet and Klovn. Beginning on 4 September 2009, a full album leak started spreading on various Internet blogs and forums. On 19 October 2009, "Thin Ice" was released as the second single.
Track listing
Singles
References
2009 albums
GusGus albums
John Joseph Earley (1881 in New York City – November 25, 1945) was the son of James Earley, a fourth generation Irish stone carver and ecclesiastical artist. A skilled artisan, architect, and innovator in the use of concrete Earley is best known for the invention of the Earley Process, a technique also known as polychrome, architectural or mosaic concrete.
Life
At age seventeen, they began work as an apprentice at their father's studio in Rosslyn, Virginia to learn sculpture, modelmaking, and stonecarving. James Earley moved their family to Washington, DC in 1900 and leased property on G Street to build a new home for their business.
Basil Taylor, another apprentice, impressed James with their ability and when James became seriously ill, they asked Taylor to stay on and help their son run the studio.
In 1907, they built the John J. Earley Office and Studio at 2131 G Street, Northwest, Washington, D.C.
After their father's death, John Earley and Basil Taylor changed the focus of the work from stone and sculpture to plaster and stucco and over the next several years built the Earley Studio to become a significant business. The Earley Studio received contracts for both government and private work, including the remodeling of the interior of the White House during President Roosevelt's first term, and the elaborate main lobby of the new building for the Willard Hotel, constructed in 1902 at Pennsylvania Avenue and 14th Street NW in Washington, DC.
In 1906, Earley began investigating exposed aggregate concrete. Attracted to the use of color in Byzantine architecture, they were interested in trying to duplicate this effect in concrete. In 1914, Earley modeled a stylized Indian Head bust for the Q Street Bridge, now known as the Dumbarton Bridge, being constructed over Rock Creek Park in Washington, DC, using as a basis the life mask of Sioux Chief Kicking Bear (from Earley's model, 56 sandstone busts were then carved for the bridge).
In 1915, John Earley worked closely with the Commission of Fine Arts and produced a full-size mock up of a wall section for Meridian Hill Park. While Cass Gilbert, Chairman of the Commission, suggested that an acceptable finish for the walls might be produced by imitating Italian pebble mosaics, it was Earley that developed the technique of mixing the aggregate in the concrete and scrubbing the surface to produce a natural-looking pebble finish. Earley called the result “architectural concrete”, and it was used with great success for the walls, balustrades, benches, urns, and obelisks of Meridian Hill Park.
From 1934 to November 1945, the Earley Studio worked on several notable architectural concrete structures including the Bahá'í House of Worship (Wilmette, Illinois), Shrine of the Sacred Heart, the Thomas Alva Edison Memorial and the experimental “Polychrome Houses” built in Silver Spring, Maryland. While working on the Edison Memorial project, Earley suffered a stroke and died two weeks later on November 25, 1945. On their deathbed they sold the Earley Studio to Basil Taylor for a single dollar.
Their papers are held at the Archives of American Art.
List of projects
Bahá'í House of Worship (Wilmette, Illinois)
Dumbarton Bridge (Washington, D.C.)
Peace Cross (Washington. D.C.)
Saints Philip and James Catholic Church (Baltimore, MD)
Shrine of the Sacred Heart (Washington, DC)
Meridian Hill Park (Washington, D.C.)
Willard Hotel (Washington, DC)
The John K. Mullen of Denver Memorial Library, The Catholic University of America (Washington, DC)
References
External links
Meridian Hill Park-John J. Earley
Franciscan Monastery-John Joseph Earley
Experimentation in Concrete
John Earley and the Baha'i Temple
Construction of the John K. Mullen of Denver Memorial Library
American Concrete Institute Celebrates 100 Years of John Joseph Earley and the Earley Studio in Washington D.C.
1881 births
1945 deaths
20th-century American architects
Concrete pioneers
Architects from New York City
Architects from Washington, D.C.
The 2016 Arizona United SC season is the club's third season of United Soccer League play.
Friendlies
All times from this point are on Mountain Standard Time (UTC−07:00)
USL
All times from this point on Mountain Standard Time (UTC−07:00)
Results summary
League results
Western Conference standings
U.S. Open Cup
Statistics
Goalkeepers
Transfers
Loan in
Loan out
See also
2016 in American soccer
2016 USL season
Arizona United SC
References
2
Arizona United SC
Arizona United SC
Arizona United SC
Arizona United SC
Kina Cosper (born January 25, 1969), known simply as Kina, is an American musician, best known for their work with Grammy Award-nominated group Brownstone (after their nomination), and their 2000 solo single "Girl from the Gutter".
Biography
Solo career
Kina was born in Detroit. At age 21, they moved to Los Angeles, where they worked as a server and in clerical positions as they tried to establish a musical career. They found success with their single "Girl from the Gutter", which received strong airplay and peaked at number 21 on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart. They then released their self-titled debut album on July 18, 2000. Kina peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
"Girl from the Gutter" was followed by the single "Me", which peaked at number 3 on the same chart. "Have a Cry" was released to radio but never charted.
To date this is Kina's only released album. Kina parted ways with DreamWorks Records shortly after the final single release.
A few years after their release, Kina's songs began popping up in various TV shows. In fall 2005 "Give & Take" and "I Love You" both appeared in an episode of the UPN sitcom Girlfriends. Kina's song "Sincerely" was also featured in the motion picture Beauty Shop.
Discography
Albums
Kina (2000)
Singles
"Girl from the Gutter" (2000)
"Me" (2000)
"Have a Cry" (2000)
References
External links
[ Allmusic Kina page]
1969 births
Living people
African-American rock singers
American contemporary R&B singers
American women pop singers
American women singer-songwriters
American rhythm and blues singer-songwriters
Singers from Detroit
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American women singers
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
African-American songwriters
African-American women musicians
20th-century African-American women singers
21st-century African-American women singers
Singer-songwriters from Michigan
Whitehill Wood may refer to:
Whitehill Wood, Aberdeenshire
Whitehill Wood, Ayrshire
Whitehill Wood, Monmouthshire
Whitehill Wood, Oxfordshire
Whitehill Wood, South Lanarkshire
Whitehill Wood, Warwickshire
Whitehills Woods, County Durham
Roger William Denton (born 6 January 1953) is an English former professional footballer who played as a full back.
Career
Born in Stretford, Denton played for Manchester United, Bolton Wanderers, Bradford City and Rochdale.
For Bolton Wanderers they made 4 appearances in the Football League.
For Bradford City they made 30 appearances in the Football League; they also made three appearances in the FA Cup.
For Rochdale they made two appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1953 births
Living people
English footballers
Manchester United F.C. players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Syringa Park is a provincial park on the east shore of Lower Arrow Lake in the West Kootenay region of southeastern British Columbia. At the foot of the Norns Range, Tulip Creek passes through the centre, and Syringa Creek is closer to the southeastern boundary. The park is about west of Castlegar via Broadwater Rd.
Name origin
In 1903, David Loughnan and Robert Russell Rose spent several months camped by Syringa Creek, which they named on observing the preponderance of syringa. The men had been hired by a British aristocrat to log the land, but could not receive mail to their camp unless the place was given an official name. The following year, the Geographic Board of Canada officially adopted the name. The mock-orange syringa, indigenous to the area, blooms in the early spring, releasing a distinct scent. The area has cultural and spiritual significance to the Okanagan, Shuswap and Ktunaxa-kinbasket First Nations. A European community soon developed on what was the Columbia River foreshore. Residents relocated prior to the reservoir for the Keenleyside Dam submerging the area in 1968.
Park profile
In 1968, following the dam construction, Syringa Creek Provincial Park was established. In 1995, the park expanded and the name contracted to Syringa Park. In 2019, private land acquisition expanded the park by 35 hectares. The park currently encompasses 4,499 hectares.
Park facilities
One of the largest provincial campgrounds in the region, many of the approximately 70 sites have electrical outlets. All have fire pits. The two separated camping areas are the Big Horn, adjacent to the day-use area overlooking the lake, and the other back from the water. Showers, and a combination of pit and flush toilets exist. The location has two boat ramps, an archaeological site, three rocky beaches and outdoor nature displays.
A $350,000 upgrade to the filtration of drinking water lifted the longstanding "boil water advisory" for the reopening of the park for the 2021 camping season.
Flora & fauna
The moderately warm and dry climate promotes the growth of Ponderosa Pine and bunchgrass, creating one of the few unique grassland ecosystems in the Kootenays. Wildlife includes elk, deer, and rocky mountain bighorn sheep that graze on the rock bluffs.
Recreational activities
Fishing, swimming, waterskiing, canoeing and kayaking are popular. The Yellow Pine Nature Trail, about , is a moderately difficult steep climb from behind the park. The trail presents mature yellow pine, some granite rock outcroppings, and lake views, which can be enjoyed especially from the first lookout or farther up at the summit. Other hikes are the Middle Trail and Syringa Trail, leading to additional viewpoints.
See also
List of British Columbia Provincial Parks
References
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Regional District of Central Kootenay
Protected areas established in 1968
1968 establishments in British Columbia
The 2004 ARCA Re/Max Series was the 52nd season of the ARCA Racing Series, a division of the Automobile Racing Club of America (ARCA). The season began on February 7, 2004, with the Daytona ARCA 200 at Daytona International Speedway. The season ended with the Food World 250 at Talladega Superspeedway on October 2 almost eight months later. Frank Kimmel won the driver's championship, their sixth in the series and their fifth in a row, while T. J. Bell won the Rookie of the Year award.
Schedule and results
Drivers' championship
(key) Bold – Pole position awarded by time. Italics – Pole position set by final practice results or rainout. * – Most laps led. ** – All laps led.
{|
| valign="top" |
External links
Official ARCA Website
ARCA Menards Series seasons
Arca Remax Series
A foray (, , ) was a traditional method of law enforcement in Grand Duchy of Lithuania and Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. In view of the weakness of the executive in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, it was used by members of the szlachta to defend their rights.
In legal practice, foray was sanctioned by starosta officials, and was the fourth step in the execution of a legal ruling. After the guilty party refused to abandon the disputed property, starosta would call their supporters as well as opponents of the guilty party (therefore creating a temporary force of militia) and attempt to remove the guilty party from their manor.
Since the mid-17th century, forays were increasingly done without a legal sanction simply when a member of szlachta would gather their supporters and raid an estate of their opponent. They would become a common occurrence during the period of noble's anarchy in the Commonwealth.
In literature, forays were most famously portrayed in Adam Mickiewicz's Pan Tadeusz, as well as in The Trilogy (With Fire and Sword, The Deluge, Fire in the Steppe) of Henryk Sienkiewicz.
External links
Andriy Blanuca. Tradition of forays
Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Legal history of Poland
Law enforcement in Poland
Terebiniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Terebiniec
Robin Mark Richardson (born 26 June 1942) is a Canadian former politician and Vancouver Islander separatist/activist who was a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada. They represented the Toronto, Ontario riding of Beaches from 1979 to 1980.  They are the founder and current leader of the Vancouver Island Party.
Background
Richardson's profession is an economist, once working with the Fraser Institute. At one time, they were a minister for a Christian church in Esquimalt.
Politics
Richardson represented Ontario's Beaches electoral district which they won in the 1979 federal election. After serving their only term, the 31st Canadian Parliament, they were defeated in the 1980 federal election by Neil Young of the New Democratic Party.
In September 2000, they unsuccessfully challenged incumbent Esquimalt—Juan de Fuca Member of Parliament Keith Martin for the Canadian Alliance nomination in that riding. Richardson was particularly critical of Martin's pro-choice position on abortion, while Martin had finished in fourth place during the Canadian Alliance leadership campaign earlier that year. Richardson managed Stockwell Day's successful leadership campaign within Esquimalt—Juan de Fuca.
In June 2016, they started the Vancouver Island Party and serves as leader. The party seeks to make Vancouver Island Canada's 11th province.
Electoral record
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Canadian Protestant ministers and clergy
Canadian economists
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Politicians from Vancouver
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
North American blizzard of 2010 may refer to any of six blizzards that took place in 2010:
January 2010 North American winter storms on January 16–28, 2010.
February 5–6, 2010 North American blizzard on February 5–6, 2010.
February 9–10, 2010 North American blizzard on February 9–10, 2010.
February 25–27, 2010 North American blizzard on February 25–27, 2010.
March 2010 nor'easter on March 12–16, 2010.
December 2010 North American blizzard on December 13–29, 2010.
2010
Institut Superieur des Etudes et Recherches Islamique is a university and centre for Islamic research in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located adjacent (south) to the Lycée d'Arabe.
References
Nouakchott
Universities in Mauritania
Ana María Kamper is a dancer, artist and actor of stage, screen and television in Colombia of Austrian descent.
 They are one of Colombia's most respected and recognized performers in the television media in Colombia.
Personal life
Ana Maria Kamper has dedicated their life to art starting very young with ballet lessons, and studied acting for theater and television.
At twelve, they began classes as a classical ballerina. But an ailment in their left leg kept them from ballet, so they devoted themselves to teaching in the school of Carlos Jaramillo.
Later, to learn to express and overcome their natural shyness, they studied theater and dramatic expression to Francisco Rincon. Them first theatrical work was replacing Luisa Fernanda Giraldo. They then participated in The Diary of Anne Frank and in Macondo and The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and Them Heartless Grandmother, directed by Agustín Núñez. To improve the performance entered the National School of Drama, where they also taught dance.
Ana Maria is comfortable with comedy, especially with works of Molière, which is why they appeared in The ridiculous prices, Pantoja and the Special and Tartuffe. Roberto Reyes later cast them in Musidramas and then called for comedy but what family. Their most recent characters were Clarence Rogers, the American woman's return Boundary, and Ophelia in Wait at the end.
Career
Studied basic of Mater Dei school and college education which was the first school for girls from Colombia, between 1972 and 1988 study dance, ballet, jazz and contemporary dance. Also during those years until 2005, studied music and music theory, studied theater between 1984 and 2007, between 1995 and 2000 study drama and speech training.
Filmography
La reina madre - Teatro - 2014
Los graduados - (2013)
Mentiras perfectas (2013)
Dónde diablos está Umaña? (Colombian telenovela) 2012 - Lorenza Nieto, "Niña Lore"
Amores que matan - Teatro - 2011
A mano limpia - Colombian telenovela (2011)
A Corazón Abierto (2010)
Rosario Tijeras (2010)
La quiero a morir (2008)
Montecristo: entre el amor y la traición (2007)
La Milagrosa - Film (2007)
En los tacones de Eva (2007)
El ventilador (2007)
Colombianos un acto de Fe Film (2004)
The Vagina Monologues (2002 a 2008)
To-dos quieren con Marilyn (2004)
Me amaras bajo la lluvia (2004)
Padres e Hijos (1992)
Punto de giro (2003)
La Jaula (2003)
Entretelones (2003)
Humo en tus ojos - Film(2002)
Juan joyita quiere ser caballero(2001)
Enséñame a vivir teatro (2001)
A donde va Soledad (2000)
Brujeres (2000)
Pobre Pablo (2000)
Terminal - Film (2000)
La señorita Julia Teatro (2000)
Tabú (1999)
Carolina Barrantes (1998)
Hombres (1997)
Sobrevivir (1997)
Leche (1996)
Compañía teatro (1996)
Sueños y espejos (1996)
Los caballeros las prefieren brutas (1995)
Otra en mí (1995)
Oro (1995)
Las aguas mansas (1994)
Todos en la cama (1994)
Señora Isabel (1994)
Equus (1994)
Cartas a Harrison (1994)
Mi única verdad(1993)
Divertimentos Teatro (1993)
Shampoo (1993)
La maldición del paraíso (1993)
Espérame al final (1992)
Fronteras del regreso (1992)
Tartufo (1992)
Pantaleón y las visitadoras (1991)
Las preciosas ridículas (1991)
Entremeses (1990)
Macondo (1989)
El diario de Ana Frank (1988)
La maldición del paraíso
No morirás
La cándida Eréndira y su abuela desalmada (1982)
Poker (2010)
References
Ana Maria Kamper
21st-century Colombian actores
Colombian television actores
Colombian film actores
Living people
Colombian telenovela actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Colombian actores
Krzysztof Lenk (also known as Kris; July 21, 1936 — May 22, 2018) was a graphic designer known as a specialist of visual communication, and a celebrated educator. During their career, they designed numerous magazines and publications, posters and book covers, diagrams and information maps; they were a professor of graphic design at Academy of Fine Arts in Łódź, Poland, and later at Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) in the US; co-founder (with Paul Kahn) of Dynamic Diagrams, a firm specializing in information design, where they served as creative director between 1990 and 2001. Krzysztof Lenk shared their expertise through numerous lectures, workshops and conferences in many countries. They were an author and co-author of many books and articles. For their achievements they received an Honorary Doctorate Degree at the Academy of Fine Arts in Katowice, Poland, their alma mater.
Early years and education
Krzysztof Lenk was born in 1936 in Warsaw, Poland. Their early memories include time witnessing World War II. After the war they lived in Warsaw with their parents and later their wife and children throughout the first half of their life. They studied at the Warsaw Academy of Fine Art and then at the Department of Graphic Design of the Academy of Fine Arts in Katowice, where they graduated in 1961. After earning their degree, Lenk worked as a freelance artist designing books, book covers and posters. They travelled to Paris, where they worked for the Société Nouvelle d'Information et Publicité (SNIP) advertising agency (which later became TBWA) and for the magazine Jeune Afrique. These experiences led them to discover their interest for design of information and narration, and steered their work toward magazines.
Back in Warsaw, in 1969 they designed a weekly magazine, Perspektywy, and maintained position as its art director until 1972. Between 1970 and 1981, they also art directed other magazines, such as Polish Art Review, Problemy, Ilustrowany Magazyn Turystyczny, Przeglad Techniczny, and Animafilm. During this time they also designed numerous books, albums and professional publications.
In 1970-71 they co-designed a large promotional campaign for the German company ERCO Leuchten, which produced lighting fixtures made by leading designers of Europe.
In 1973, Lenk started their career as an educator in Academy of Fine Arts in Łódź, where they taught typography and design of periodicals in the Graphic Design department until 1982. During the academic year of 1979/80, they travelled on invitation to teach at Ohio State University in Columbus, OH. Over the course of those years they received an award from the Polish Ministry of Art and Culture for their educational excellence.
Later years
In 1982, living under Martial Law in Poland, Krzysztof Lenk was invited to Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) as a visiting professor. While there, a permanent position opened up in the Graphic Design department, which led to their tenure at RISD for nearly thirty years until they retired in 2010. Professor Lenk taught information design and typography to undergraduates and graduate students, and traveled widely abroad as a visiting scholar. They brought workshops and lectures to many schools and institutions throughout the US and around the world, including Canada, Netherlands, Scandinavia, England, India, Australia, and New Zealand.
Krzysztof Lenk's renown expertise in logic of visual communication coincided with the launch of the World Wide Web and the internet revolution. Together with Paul Kahn they founded the information architecture firm, Dynamic Diagrams. The studio rapidly grew to a company with offices in Providence, Baltimore, and London, England. Between 1990 and 2001 Krzysztof led the company as its Creative Director. After retiring from the company, they remained active there as an advisor and consultant.
Dynamic Diagrams worked with many global institutions, including IBM, Sun Microsystems, Microsoft, Harvard University, Yale University, Holocaust Museum in Washington, Asian Art Museum in San Francisco, Merrill Lynch, MacMillan in London, Musee des Arts et Metier in Paris, and Samsung Electronics in Korea. The Samsung commission was one of their largest – Dynamic Diagrams coordinated the design of 75 websites, across 35 countries and 18 languages.
Since 2000, Krzysztof Lenk had also served as an advisor to Tellart, a Providence-based experience design firm founded by RISD alumni.
Lenk contributed as a lecturer to various conferences and professional events around the world, including the International Design Conference in Aspen, where they were invited in 1983 as an IBM Fellow. In 2001, they gave a talk at the TED Conference, where they presented a dynamic statistical model of the world as represented by a village of 1000 inhabitants. Lenk was also an active member of American Institute of Graphic Arts (AIGA).
Lenk devoted their final years to writing their memoirs. In 2018, they died of cancer at age 81 in Barrington, Rhode Island.  They are survived by their wife, Ewa Zembrzuska Lenk (married in 1963) and their two children, Honorata and Jack.
Awards
1977 - Excellence in Teaching Design award from the Ministry of Culture and Art in Poland
1983 - IBM Fellow at the International Design Conference in Aspen, Colorado
2011 - A ‘Silver Cane' recognition for excellence in teaching awarded by the Association of the Friends of Academy of Fine Art in Warsaw, Poland
2011 - Honorary Doctorate Degree from The Academy of Fine Art in Katowice, Poland
Publications
Krzysztof Lenk, Paul Kahn (1997). "Krysztof Lenk and Paul Kahn: Dynamic Diagrams". In Richard Saul Wurman. Information Architects. New York: Graphis. pp. 190–201.
Paul Kahn, Krzysztof Lenk (2001). Mapping Web Sites. RotoVision SA.
Krszysztof Lenk (2009). Projects and Doodles / Projekty i bazgroly. Gdańsk, Poland: słowo/obraz teorytoria.
Krzysztof Lenk (2011). Krotkie teksty o sztuce projektowania. Gdańsk, Poland: słowo/obraz teorytoria.
Krzysztof Lenk (2010). Pokazać. Wyjaśnić. Prowadzić. / To show. To explain. To guide. Cieszyn, Poland: Śląski Zamek Sztuki i Przedsiębiorczości.
Krzysztof Lenk (2011). Typografia – Wystawa prac studentów programu typografii, Wykład "Słowa i teksty", Warsztat z typografii. Uniwersytet Artystyczny w Poznaniu.
Krzysztof Lenk (2011). “Czarne na białyn, w ruchu…”. In Przemek Dębowski and Jacek Mrowczyk. Widzieć/Wiedzieć, Wybór najważniejszych tekstów o dizajnie. Kraków, Poland: Karakter. pp. 429–435.
Krzysztof Lenk, Ewa Satelecka (2018). Podaj dalej: Dizajn, nauczanie, życie. Krzysztof Lenk w rozmowie z Ewą Satelecką. Kraków, Poland: Karakter.
References
Lidia Becela (1984). Kto jest kim w Polsce. Informator biograficzny. Warszawa: Interpress.
Szymon Bojko (1985). “Diagrams, Charts and Graphs - Rhode Island School of Design”. Graphis. Issue 238: pp. 50-62
Steven Heller (1998). The Education of Graphic Designer. New York: Allworth Press. pp. 203–207.
Richard Saul Wurman (2002). 1000: Richard Saul Wurman's Who's Really Who. AAA. pp. 558.
Natalia Ilyin (2009). “Book Review: Projects and Doodles/Projekty i bazgroly”. Communication Arts
(2018) – “Krzysztof Lenk”. ''Culture.pl''. Adam Mickiewicz Institute
1936 births
2018 deaths
Artists from Warsaw
Polish graphic designers
Rhode Island School of Design faculty
WJRZ-FM (100.1 FM, "100.1 WJRZ") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Manahawkin, New Jersey. The station is owned by Beasley Broadcast Group through licensee Beasley Media Group, LLC, and broadcasts a classic hits format. The station's studios are located on Beach Avenue in Stafford Township and its broadcast tower is located in Waretown, New Jersey at ().
History
WJRZ began broadcasting on July 4, 1976 from Manahawkin, New Jersey with a Top 40 format that also played a lot of recurrents, and the first song played was "More More by Andera true Connection. The original city of license was Ship Bottom, later changed to Manahawkin, and used the ID "Manahawkin-Toms River". Some of the early slogans used were "Stereo 100 WJRZ", "FM 100 WJRZ", and as "HitRadio Power 100 WJRZ". The station was originally licensed to the Jersey Shore Broadcasting Corporation, which was incorporated in New Jersey in 1974, with Joseph J. Knox Jr., as president and Brent McNally VP and founders. The station signed on as an affiliate of the ABC Radio Network and later switched to AP Radio. From its sign-on the station grew its listenership very quickly. WJRZ has had a long history of talented music hosts and newscasters. They include (1970s) Jason "Big Jay" Sorensen, Jay Lurie, Brent McNally, Bob Sorrentino, Terry Barnes, Joe Stephens, Ron Stevens, Lance DeBock, Mike Brophy, A.J. Brooks, Arthur Sarnovsky, Chuck Flamini, Karyn Westhoven, Chris VanZant, Spyder McGuire and many others.
The station maintained studios and a tower on on Beach Avenue in Manahawkin, next to AT&T High Seas Radio Station WOO. The transmitter was later moved to a tower on off Route 9 in Waretown.
The CHR/Hot AC format continued until November 1991, when WJRZ moved to a classic hits format, but went back to CHR by the middle of 1992. In December 1998, WJRZ dropped Hot AC in favor of country as "Jersey Shore Country." The country format had a mixed reaction from area listeners and failed to attract a significant number of listeners.
In June 2000, they switched to oldies and rebranded as "Oldies 100," and in 2002 ownership changed to Greater Media.
WJRZ-FM started broadcasting using HD Radio in November 2007. WJRZ-FM's HD2 subchannel was to be "Classic Oldies," however a launch date had not been established at that time.
WJRZ-FM re-branded as "100.1 WJRZ - The Greatest Hits Of the '60s & '70s" in early 2008, simply using "Jersey's Greatest Hits" and dropping all pre-Beatles music except for Sunday nights. The station dropped one of its signature programs- Jukebox Saturday Night with Joe Stephens in June 2009.
For Christmas 2009, WJRZ-FM flipped to an all-Christmas playlist on Friday, November 6, 2009.
On December 14, 2009, most of the on-air personnel at WJRZ-FM were dismissed and on December 15, WJRZ-FM started airing commercials between the Christmas songs announcing their new format. In each of the commercials, they were playing the type of songs typically heard in that type of format. On December 26, 2009, 100.1 WJRZ-FM became Magic 100.1 "Today's Best Variety" similar to Greater Media's sister station WMGQ; an adult contemporary format from New Brunswick, NJ which is also programmed by WJRZ-FM's OM/PD Jeff Rafter. It was not, however, a direct simulcast. The stations shared similar personalities who voicetracked their shows on the WJRZ-FM signal (mornings with Chris McCoy and mid-days with Debbie Mazella).
In 2010, Jeff Rafter was relieved of their duties at WJRZ-FM. They remain OM/PD at WMGQ. Glenn Kalina overtook the OM/PD role and became host of the station's new local morning show.
On April 22, 2013, at 6 a.m., after their last song played on Magic 100.1 was "We Are Never Getting Back Together" By Taylor Swift, WJRZ-FM flipped back to their classic hits format carried from 2000–09 as WJRZ 100.1: Jersey's Greatest Hits. The new station launched with "Here Comes the Sun" by the Beatles followed by "The Boys are Back in Town" by Thin Lizzy.
On January 6, 2015, longtime Program Director/Afternoon host Glenn Kalina announced their resignation of the positions and retirement from full-time radio. Assistant Program Director Matt Knight was elevated to Program Director/Afternoons while TJ Bryan fills the Assistant Program Director/Mornings role. Glenn continued to host "The Beatles: From Us To You" on Sunday mornings with Beatles authority Richie V.
On July 19, 2016, Beasley Media Group announced it would acquire Greater Media and its 21 stations (including WJRZ) for $240 million. The FCC approved the sale on October 6, and the sale closed on November 1.
Translators
References
External links
JRZ
JRZ
Radio stations established in 1976
American Basketball Association flagship radio stations
1976 establishments in New Jersey
The Samsung Captivate Glide (SGH-i927) as it is called in the United States, and sold as the Samsung Galaxy S Glide (SGH-i927R) in Canada, is the first physical QWERTY Galaxy S class smartphone running under the Android operating system to be released by Samsung for AT&T (US) and Rogers Wireless (Canada).
Despite being named for to Captivate, a member of the original Galaxy S line, the Glide is part of the Galaxy S II series of phones. It does, however feature a handful of differences from the flagship Galaxy S II, including a slightly smaller Super AMOLED screen featuring a PenTile matrix like that of the original Galaxy S. It also features an Nvidia Tegra 2 running at 1 GHz, and 8 GB of internal storage rather than 16 GB.
Availability
The Samsung SGH-i927 has only been officially sold in the United States and Canada. The US model is subsidized but locked to the AT&T network when bought with their packages. The phone's front face is branded with the AT&T logo. The Canadian model is subsidized but locked to the Rogers network when bought with their packages. The phone itself does not have any Rogers branding on the housing.
The phone is not selling through any Samsung authorized retail channels outside the US or Canada. However these variants can be bought locked or unlocked, from US or Canada at their full retail prices, from various retailers, and exported around the world. This allows them to be used on compatible GSM networks around the world, provided they are unlocked.
Software
The device shipped with Android 2.3.5 (Gingerbread). In September 2012, AT&T released the Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) update via Samsung Kies. However, there were several bugs with the ICS update; due to an error in Quality Control, the light on the hardware keyboard is disabled as well as issues with the lock screen and several problems with the phone portion of the OS. Samsung put the update on hold while they worked to optimize the update and fix the bugs. On November 10, the ICS update was re-released with bug fixes that corrected the issues from the first release.
Rooting and unofficial development
xda-developers managed to gain root access to the device on 5 December 2011, and posted a how-to guide. Since then, many popular custom recoveries (including ClockworkMod and TWRP) have been made available for it. There are also stable custom ROMs available that can upgrade the phone to Android 4.4.4 KitKat. Many of them, especially the KitKat-based ones are still in active development.
Carrier software
AT&T variant
The AT&T version of the ROM has carrier restrictions in place that doesn't allow manual toggling of networks between 2G, 3G or 4G bands, where dropping down to 2G frequencies is effective in conserving battery life. These restrictions can be overcome by manually entering service commands or rooting the device and flashing with ROMs that are free of these limitations. The AT&T variant was originally shipped with the Carrier IQ monitoring software, however an Android OS upgrade to 2.3.6 Gingerbread (I927UCKL1) is believed to have removed it.
Rogers variant
The Rogers version of the ROM doesn't have any such restrictions, and also enables SMS delivery reports.
It appears that the ICS (Android 4.x) update is not yet available for the SGH-i927R model which possess a different Firmware version to the AT&T models. The Canadian version from Rogers, SGH-i927R, is believed to be free of Carrier IQ.
Image Gallery
References
External links
Samsung Captivate™ Glide (Samsung US)
Galaxy S Glide (Samsung Canada)
ATT Shop Page
Rogers Shop Page
Samsung Captivate Glide - xda-developers
Notable reviews
Phonedog - Samsung Captivate Glide Video Review - Part 1, Part 2
GSMArena - Samsung Captivate Glide review: Thumbs ready
Engadget - Samsung Captivate Glide review
SlashGear - Samsung Captivate Glide review
MobileSyrup - Samsung Galaxy S Glide Review (Video)
Android (operating system) devices
Smartphones
Mobile phones introduced in 2011
Mobile phones with an integrated hardware keyboard
Captivate Glide
Mobile phones with user-replaceable battery
Slider phones
Tunisia women's national basketball team (), nicknamed Les Aigles de Carthage (The Eagles of Carthage or The Carthage Eagles), is the nationally controlled basketball team representing Tunisia at world basketball competitions for women. It is administered by the Tunisia Basketball Federation (FTBB). ()
In 2007, they were the third highest ranked African team in the world after Senegal and Nigeria.
Tournament record
Summer Olympics
World Championship
AfroBasket
Champions Runners-up Third place Fourth place
Red border color indicates tournament was held on home soil.
African Games
Arab Championship
Pan Arab Games
Mediterranean Games
Jeux de la Francophonie
Current roster
Roster for the 2021 Women's Afrobasket.
See also
Tunisia women's national under-20 basketball team
Tunisia women's national under-19 basketball team
Tunisia women's national under-17 basketball team
Tunisia women's national 3x3 team
References
External links
FIBA profile
Archived records of Tunisia team participations
Women's national basketball teams
Basketball in Tunisia
Basketball teams in Tunisia
National sports teams of Tunisia
1956 establishments in Tunisia
Dhamar (), also spelt Thamar, is a governorate of Yemen. It is located to the south and southeast of Sana'a Governorate, to the north of Ibb Governorate, to the east of Al Hudaydah Governorate and to the northwest of Al Bayda' Governorate in the central highlands of Yemen.
Area and climate
It has a total area of , and is divided among 12 administrative districts () and further divided into 314 'Uzlat (sub-districts). According to the 2004 census, the governorate contains 1,329,229 people, most of whom live in the governorate's 3,262 villages. A visitor may enter the governorate about south of the Sana'a Airport. The center of the governorate is about from Sana'a, the capital of the Republic. The governorate sits among a number of other governorates: Sana'a to the north and northeast, Al-Bayda' to the east, Ibb to the south, and Raymah and Al-Hudaydah to the west.
The governorate in general lies above the sea level, with a topographic relief that varies from high mountains to deep valleys, upland plains and plateaus. The most mountain peaks include Isbil, Al-Lisi, Duran, the two Wusab mountain ranges, and the 'Utamah mountains. Jahran, in the north central part of the governorate, is its most extensive plain. A volcanic field, Harras of Dhamar, extends to the east of Dhamar town.
The governorate's climate is temperate, although the central and eastern sections of the governorate tend to be cold during the winter, while the valleys and western slopes are warmer. The average temperatures range from in summer, and from in winter. Dhamar is the most consistently elevated governorate in Yemen, with most of the land lying at over . The climate, though, remains hot during the day, with typical maxima of between , but frosts are very common at night during the winter months. During January 1986, temperatures are believed to have fallen as low as . Although no reliable rain gauge exists within the governorate, it is estimated that annual rainfall would range between concentrated exclusively in the summer months, especially in July and August but also in March and April. Occasionally, floods can prove disastrous though causing extensive erosion, notably in early April 2006.
Etymology
Dhamar is named after its ruler Dhamar Ali Yahbur II, who was a King of Saba', Dhu Raydan, Hadhramaut and Yamnit, whose name means "Owner of the order".
History
Modern scientific studies have confirmed the existence of human activity at Dhamar since the Neolithic period, starting around 6000 BC and continuing during the following periods through the Bronze Age. The site of the Hammat al-Qa' – to the east of Ma'bar city – is one of the most prominent and significant Bronze Age locations in the Arabian Peninsula. The historic period of the South Arabian civilization in Yemen began between the 12th and 10th century BC. Dhamar contributed actively in the march of civilisation in Yemen, with ancient monuments dating back to 1000 B.C. at places such as al-Sha'b al-Aswad and Masna'at Marya.
During the 2nd century BC, Raydanites established themselves at Zafar, about south of Dhamar, and they rallied the Himyarite tribes in their fight with Sabaean forces. Dhamar became the strategic place for the Raydanites. By the 2nd century AD, Naqil Yislah – to the north of Dhamar city – was the dividing line between the Sabaeans and the Raydanites under the leadership of the king Yasir Yahsadaq. The Raydanites succeeded, under the leadership of the king Yasir Yahnam and their son Shamar Yahrash, in ending the struggle for their favour, besting their adversaries, and extending their influence and power to the Sabaean capital Ma'rib and the districts attached to it. This victory in 270 AD led to stability in Yemen in general, and in Dhamar in particular. Soon afterward, in about 293 AD, military forces sent by the Raydanite king Shamar Yahrash conquered Hadramaut. Yemen was now united, and in this new era, Dhamar witnessed prosperity, manifested in the reconstruction of cities and cultic centers, in the construction of palaces, temples and fortification walls, and in the creation of water facilities such as dams, tunnels, and diversion barriers. The bronze statues of Dhamar Ali Yahbar and their son Tha'ran Yahna'am discovered at Nakhlat Al-Hamra' are physical illustrations of the high cultural attainments of Yemen under these Himyarite kings. This cultural florescence came to an end when invading Abyssinians conquered Yemen and destroyed Himyarite cities, particularly in the governorate.
With the advent of Islam in the 7th century CE, tribes of Dhamar were the first in Yemen to embrace the faith at that time, and groups of its people trave'led north to assure the survival of its new community, and to carry it to new lands. During the period of local states independent of the Abbasid caliphs, the Dhamar region was a center of interest to the competing powers. The governorate and city of Dhamar saw a period of florescence, especially during the time of Imam Sharaf Al-Din, who erected, between 1541 and 1543, Al-Madrasah al-Shamsiyyah (, "The Sun School") in Dhamar city; this school was for many centuries a center for diffusion of knowledge and culture.
During the 16th century, the Ottomans occupied Yemen, and Dhamar became one of the centers of Yemeni opposition to them. This resistance was eventually crowned by expulsion of the Ottomans from Yemen, at the hands of the Qasimi family, who took as their capital the town of Duran, northwest of Dhamar city. Dhamar endured, as did the other Yemeni governorates, severe hardships during the second Ottoman occupation in the 19th century, and under the Hamid al-Din imams during the 20th century. The latter government was forcefully overthrown by the Yemeni revolution, which broke out on 26 September 1962. Since the revolution, the governorate has witnessed a scientific and cultural renaissance that subsequently was strengthened by the achievement of Yemeni unification, and the triumph of constitutional legitimacy and unity against the forces of secession.
Archaeological and touristic sites
Adrah Dam: Adrah village is famous for its large number of dams. Adrah Dam is to the east of Dhamar city. This dam dates back to the Himyarate civilization but its ancient monuments are still there. The Dam is a water barrier built between two mountains. It is long, high, and approximately wide.
Baynun: A vestigial city situated to the east of Dhamar city at Al-Hada'a province, Thouban zone. It is one of the archaeological sites whose history goes back to the Himyarate state. The most important sight there is Baynun Palace and some ruins of an ancient temple, as well as the two tunnels that are engraved into two mountains for transferring torrents' water from valley to valley. The first tunnel goes through Baynun Mountain, but it is plugged up because of the collapse of their entrance. However, the second, named Al-Nakoob Tunnel, is still in proper condition. Al-Nakoob tunnel is long, around wide, and high; there are some engravings in the wall of the tunnel that explain the aim of engraving and its age, which is about 1,800 years.
Ani's Ali Bath: This is a natural mineral steam bath, lying northwest of Dhamar City, surrounded by green belt of various fruit farms. This bath is considered one of the known mineral steam bath in Yemen, and the visitors head for some special seasons in order to treat many kinds of diseases.
Al-Lassi Bath: This is another steam-vapour bath, lying to the east of Dhamar City, on Al-Lassi citadel at above the sea level. The citadel dates back to the 11th century A.H. Nearby, there are some remains of ancient sulfur mines.
Doran Anss: It is about at the west of Mabear area; located on the north level of the mountain Al-Dameagh. It is the center of Anss zone and was the capital of Yemen during the Imam Al-Mutawakkil Ala-Allah Ismail ibn Al-Qasim in the 17th century A.D. The mountain, full of the green farms, was enclosed by a wall until its summit and surrounded by towers and castles that are built with huge stones. All of these ancient ruins are remaining until this day. There is a large historical mosque built by Al-Mutawakkil on the mount. In the middle of this mountain, there is a cave overlooking Doran City from the southwest side. Some of the old Himyarite engravings were found at the entrance and at the east side of that cave, but it is hard to get there.
Automah: This province is located to southwest of Dhamar city, and about to the southwest of Sana'a. Automah is rich in the tourist components, something infrequently found in this area. Eventually, it was declared as a protected natural area.
Districts
Dhamar Governorate is divided into the following 12 districts. These districts are further divided into sub-districts, and then further subdivided into villages:
Al Hada District
Al Manar District
Anss District
Dawran Aness District
Dhamar City District
Jabal Ash sharq District
Jahran District
Maghirib Ans District
Mayfa'at Anss District
Utmah District
Wusab Al Ali District
Wusab As Safil District
Economy
Agriculture
Dhamar is a major agricultural region located midway between two of Yemen's three largest cities (Sana'a and Ta'izz). It produces, to some degree, almost all the crops grown in the Yemeni highlands. Dhamar town itself is notable as the only town in the former Yemen Arab Republic not to be walled: rather it is merely a town on open plains. The governorate is the important seat for the Zaydi branch of Shia Islam, which has long had a major influence in Yemen. The ancient kingdoms of Saba', Qataban and Himyar had their capitals within the present area of Dhamar, and the Himyarite kingdom with its capital at Yarim set up the numerous terraces that allow for highly intensive agriculture throughout the region. Archeological studies attest to agricultural activity in Dhamar governorate starting some 7,000 years ago, through analysis of soil deposits at the Adra'ah dam east of Dhamar city. Dhamar's inhabitants have farmed and herded animals since that time. Taking advantage of the governorate's topographic diversity – plains, high plateaus, mountain slope valleys – farmers have introduced a diversity of crops, and agriculture became the governorate's principle economic activity. The governorate contains about of arable land, of which is currently in cash crops such as corn, wheat and horticultural crops. The governorate also holds about devoted to growing vegetables and fruits that are marketed to other governorates of Yemen and to neighboring countries. The governorate is also well-known of its coffee, in western districts such as Anis, Maghrab 'Ans and 'Utamah which provide the suitable climate for coffee production in commercial quantities. The coffee of Dhamar is distinguished by its high quality; the variety known as Al-Faḍlī () is considered one of the best Yemeni coffees. Another of the governorate's important activities is herding of sheep and goats; the governorate is known for Arabian horse breeding.
Traditional handicrafts
In addition to farming, the people practice traditional handicrafts such as weaving, embroidery, and making copper and pottery utensils in sizes suitable to different purposes such as cooking and water storage; jewellery in gold and silver is being made in a number of districts, as are making jambiyyahs. Extraction of building stone is also among the important crafts of the governorate. Stone quarries are scattered throughout all regions of the governorate, and the stone is marketed in the capital Sana'a and in other governorates of Yemen.
Extraction industries
The craft of extracting and shaping onyx as gemstones is a skill thousand of years old that continues today. The residents of the Anis and Ya'ar districts, in the west of Dhamar, are particularly active in this craft. These two areas are famous for providing the best kinds of onyx, which is highly prized and achieves wide circulation in local markets and also in those of neighboring countries. The governorate also contains other stones and minerals with industrial uses, such as limestone, gypsum, zeolite, biomese, saltpeter, feldspar, quartz, askuria and silicate sands. These raw materials occur in commercial quantities and qualities.
Public markets
Weekly public markets are widespread in the governorate. These markets usually are situated in crowded centers, to give the largest number of people the opportunity to benefit from them. The markets move from place to place during the week on a fixed round. Each market takes its name from the day of week on which it is held, such as Sūq al-Sabt (, "The Saturday Market") and Sūq al-Aḥad (, "The Sunday Market"). These markets sell agricultural and livestock products, and also the diverse craft products of the inhabitants of villages near the markets. Dhamar City hosts a weekly market called Sūq ar-Rabūʿ (, "The Wednesday Market"), but it also contains a permanent market. The latter market, distinguished by the diversity of products for sale, is divided into numerous sub-markets for products like grain, jambiyyah, coffee, fodder, and bread.
Traditions and customs
The governorate's people still maintain their noble traditions and customs for occasions such as weddings and religious festivals. On these occasions, people eager to perform traditional actions such as public dances, while garbed in traditionally appropriate clothing according customs inherited through generations. The dances, dress and verbal expressions at weddings differ in detail from district to district. Neighboring districts have the same names for the dances and a similar way of performing them, but these change toward the west so that in lower Wusab near the plain of Tihamah, the dances are completely different from those in eastern Dhamar.
References
Governorates of Yemen
Muriel Eleanor Coben (February 17, 1921 – June 8, 1979) was a Canadian pitcher who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 3", 135 lb., they batted and threw right handed.
Muriel Coben was one of the 68 players born in Canada to join the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League in its twelve years history. They also became one of the original 60 founding members of the league in its 1943 inaugural season.
Coben has been considered by researchers as the greatest softball pitcher of their era in Saskatchewan history. They led their teams to numerous regional, provincial and national championships in Canada in a career that lasted 18 years. In addition, they were a member of a Canadian women's curling champion team and has been enshrined in several Halls of Fame in recognition of their outstanding contribution to Canadian sport.
Born in Gelert, Ontario, Coben was raised on a farm in Tessier, Saskatchewan. They started their pitching career in 1936, winning all their games as a member of the hometown Tessier Millionaires. They later played from 1938 to 1942 in Saskatoon for the Pats team, where they aroused the attention of an AAGPBL scout who signed them to a contract to play in the new league during the opening 1943 season.
Coben tried to make the adjustment to the AAGPBL's rules of play, but returned home after one year of struggling. Unfortunately, they suffered one of the worst pitching performances of the year, after posting a combined 4–16 record with the South Bend Blue Sox and Rockford Peaches, while leading the league for the most earned runs allowed (102).
They returned to the Saskatoon Pats in 1944, pitching for them two years before joining the Saskatoon Grey Cab Rambler from 1946 through 1950. In this period, Coben helped the team win three successive Saskatchewan championships (1946–1948) and two Western Canadian championships (1946–1947). In 1950 they moved to Edmonton, Alberta, where they joined the Mortons ball club and aided them in winning the Canadian championship over a very strong Toronto squad in 1952. They then returned to Saskatoon, and again starred with the Ramblers until their playing days were over in 1953.
After retiring from softball, Coben took up curling with the Saskatchewan senior ladies, playing lead for the Joyce McKee's rink that won the 1960 national women's curling championship after defeating the Quebec squad in two matches, 11–3 and 8–5. Besides McKee [skip] and Coben [lead], the team included Sylvia Fedoruk [third] and Donna (Paton) Belding [second]. The quartet would be inducted into the Saskatoon Sports Hall of Fame in 1987.
Coben also earned individual inductions to multiple Halls of Fame: Saskatchewan Sports (athlete, 1979), Saskatoon Sports (softball, 1986), Saskatchewan Baseball (1991), and Canadian Baseball (1998).
In 1988 they received further recognition when they joined a group of Canadian ballplayers at Women in Baseball, a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York, which was unveiled to honor the entire All-American Girls Professional Baseball League, though the acknowledgment came much later after their death in 1979, in Saskatoon, at the age of 58.
AAGPBL career statistics
Pitching
Batting
Fielding
Sources
1921 births
1979 deaths
All-American Girls Professional Baseball League players
Rockford Peaches players
South Bend Blue Sox players
Baseball people from Saskatchewan
Canadian baseball players
Canadian women curlers
Canadian women's curling champions
Curlers from Saskatoon
People from Haliburton County
Canadian expatriates in the United States
20th-century American women
Hvidt & Mølgaard was a Copenhagen-based, Danish design and architectural firm which existed from 1944 until 2009. Founded by Peter Hvidt and Orla Mølgaard-Nielsen, it continued to thrive after the founders' retirement but was split in two in 2009, forming Hvidt Arkitekter and Holsøe Arkitekter.
History
Both Hvidt and Mølgaard had a background in furniture design and their studio's early work was within this field.
The firm increasingly took on architectural assignments. Projects covered office buildings and factories, including the De Danske Sukkerfabrikker building in Copenhagen (1958), as well as single-family houses and collective housing projects in Søllerød, Hillerød and Birkerød (1962–1970). They also designed the new Little Belt Bridge which was built from 1965 to 1970. Hans Kristensen joined the firm in 1970 while Peter Hvidt retired from it in 1975. In 1975 the firm designed the Vejle Fjord Bridge which was completed in 1980.
From 1983 the firm was run by Hans Kristensen (b. 1933), Peter Holsøe (b. 1943) and Peter Hvidt's son Henrik Hvidt (b. 1945). Later works include buildings for Nokia (1996) and DONG in Copenhagen's South Docklands, two masterplans for major harbour redevelopments in Estonia(Noblessner), and new headquarters for ESRI, a software development company in California.
Split
In 2009 it was decided to split the firm in two. The company was divided into:
Holsøe Arkitekter – owned by Peter Holsøe and Marius Holsøe
Hvidt Arkitekter – owned by Henrik Hvidt and Marius Lorentzen
ESRI Headquarters have subsequently been completed by Hvidt Architects.
Selected works
Little Belt Bridge, Denmark (1970)
Vejle Fjord Bridge, Vejle, Denmark (1980)
Nokia Denmark, Copenhagen (1996)
SeaSite shipyard redevelopment masterplan, Noblessner, Estonia (competition win 2007)
Harbour redevelopment masterplan Tallinn, Estonia
Zinc House, Amerikas Plads, Copenhagen (2008)
ESRI Headquarters (completed by Hvidt Arkitekter), Redlands, California, U.S.A. (2010)
Teglværks Bridge, Copenhagen 2010)
References
External links
Holsøe Arkitekter
Hvidt Arkitekter
Architecture firms of Denmark
Danish companies established in 1944
Companies disestablished in 2009
Design companies of Denmark
Jeremy Aldrich is a retired American soccer defender who spent two seasons in Major League Soccer.
Player
Youth
Aldrich attended the Butler University where they played on the men's soccer team from 1995 to 1998. They were a 1998 Second Team All American. Butler inducted them into the school's Athletic Hall of Fame in 2011. Aldrich played for the Kalamazoo Kingdom during the 1996 collegiate offseason and the Michigan Bucks during the 1998 offseason.
Professional
On February 6, 1999, the Miami Fusion drafted Aldrich in the second round (nineteenth overall) of the 1999 MLS College Draft. They played eighteen games as a rookie, but saw their playing time diminish in 2000 due to several injuries, particularly in the knee and back area. That season, the Fusion sent Aldrich on loan to MLS Pro-40 in the USL A-League for three games. The Fusion released them in February 2001. In March 2001, the Indiana Blast of the USL A-League signed Aldrich. They went on loan to the Chicago Fire and Columbus Crew during the season, but never entered a game with either team. In 2002, they moved to the Milwaukee Rampage and Milwaukee Wave United for the 2003 season. They also played the last game of the indoor season for the Milwaukee Wave of the Major Indoor Soccer League. They moved to the Philadelphia KiXX in the fall of 2003. They spent two seasons with the KiXX. In 2004, they also played for the Virginia Beach Mariners. In 2005, Aldrich signed with the Colorado Rapids. They played one game for the Rapids' reserve team, but never entered a first team game.
International
In 1996 and 1997, Aldrich played for the United States men's national under-20 soccer team.
Coach
In 2001, Aldrich spent one season as an assistant coach with the Butler Bulldogs. In August 2008, they became an assistant coach with the Metro State College men's soccer team.
References
External links
CNNSI: Jeremy Aldrich
1977 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kalamazoo, Michigan
American soccer players
American soccer coaches
Association football defenders
Butler Bulldogs men's soccer players
Indiana Blast players
Kalamazoo Kingdom players
Major League Soccer players
Major Indoor Soccer League (2001–2008) players
Miami Fusion players
Flint City Bucks players
Milwaukee Rampage players
Milwaukee Wave players
Milwaukee Wave United players
Philadelphia KiXX players
USL A-League players
Virginia Beach Mariners players
USISL Premier League players
USISL Premier Development Soccer League players
MLS Pro-40 players
Chicago Fire FC players
Columbus Crew players
Colorado Rapids players
Soccer players from Michigan
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
Miami Fusion draft picks
Butler Bulldogs men's soccer coaches
Wonderland is the fifth full-length studio album by English Gothic rock band Nosferatu. It was released in the UK in March 2011 by Dark Fortune Records. It was available on export to Germany, Austria and Switzerland with distribution by Indigo, to the USA with distribution by Revelation Records and Italy with distribution by Audioglobe. It is their first album to see the return of vocalist Louis DeWray who rejoined the band in 2003. The album was recorded and mixed at Louis DeWray's Earth Terminal Studios between 2004 and 2011.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Louis DeWray – Vocals, guitar & keyboards
Damien DeVille – Lead Guitar
Nevyn MoonShadow – Bass Guitar
Belle Star – Drums
Eddie McEvil – Drums on "Somebody Put Something in My Drink", "Bombers" and "Black Hole"
Stefan Diablo – Bass guitar on "Somebody Put Something In My Drink"
References
2011 albums
Nosferatu (band) albums
The Stillwater Mill was a former textile factory located in Smithfield, Rhode Island.
In September 2009, Breakwater Preservation Conservancy was given a donation of some 26 acres of property in Smithfield which included the remaining buildings of the Stillwater Worsted Mills. This was a very exciting acquisition for us as it is not only one of the most scenic locations in Rhode Island but it is also historically unique in that the whole concept of the mill community started on this very spot. During our investigation of T. Levy in 1909 and that the social innovations started there were far ahead of their time, are the creation of the Levy family. This and many other ideas originating at this mill can be argued to have been pivotal events leading towards success in both the first and second world war.
Early history
Native Americans, including the Narragansett tribe, Nipmuck and Wampanoag tribes, occupied Smithfield for thousands of years. Early roads followed presumed Native American trails. Rivers such as the Woonasquatucket and Stillwater River (Rhode Island) were fertile ground for fishing, hunting, gathering and some agriculture. Smithfield was part of the Providence Plantation from 1636, but European settlers did not arrive until 1666 when some moved out from Providence. The Town of Smithfield was named after John Smith, the miller, who was granted land by Roger Williams. Smith was one of the original party of six men headed by Roger Williams that formed the first settlement in Rhode Island. Settlement in the area to become known as Smithfield proceeded slowly during the 17th century. A limited number of pioneering spirits ventured from the nucleus settlement of Providence into the wilderness of the outlands. In the beginning, these peoples coexisted with the Wampanoag tribe who utilized this vast area for hunting and fishing. The Smithfield of today was called Wionkhiege. In addition to the early colonists from Providence, some Quakers from Massachusetts came here to escape persecution. First families in Smithfield were the Angells, Steeres, Smiths, Applebys, and Farnums, all engaged in farming and in shaping the community. Battles of King Philip's War took place in the vicinity of Nipsachuck Swamp; at a time when colonists had just begun to move into this Tribal area. However, with Philip's death and the defeat of their allies in 1676 more European settlers moved to the western territories. In 1731 Smithfield was set off from Providence and initially included North Smithfield, Lincoln, Central Falls, and Woonsocket west of the Blackstone River.
Architectural History
In 1824, Israel and Welcome Arnold purchased property at Stillwater, in central Smithfield, and erected a small cotton mill and two houses for workers. The small settlement was later purchased by Joseph Clark, and by mid-century Stillwater was only a tiny hamlet – a mill, five houses, a school and a store. A new woolen mill, built in 1866 by Edmund Brown, and their partners, burned in 1872, but was immediately replaced by a new and larger mill, constructed to the manufacture of woolen cloth. The village remained small throughout the nineteenth century, with a population of 145 in 1870 and 138 in 1895. The mill owners effected a number of changes in the late nineteenth century, such as landscaping and housing renovations, that transformed Stillwater into a “model village”. Stillwater was also the town's most distinct, compact, self-contained mill village.
The Stillwater River was first used for textile manufacture about 1825, when Thomas Sprague acquired land at Spragueville and built a cotton factory there. In 1853 the Stillwater reservoir was constructed.
In 1873, the Providence and Springfield railroad was opened in Smithfield. The new line passed through Esmond, Georgiaville, and Stillwater, expediting the flow of raw materials in and manufactured goods out of these villages. Capron's grain mills and Stillwater Worsted Mills were served by Stillwater Station. In order to expand the rail line past the Stillwater Station, the Railroad entered into a tri-party agreement in which the Reservoir Company, the Mill Company and the Railroad agreed that the railroad would be allowed to construct a rail line along the river and pond along the 60 foot shore line owned by the Reservoir and Mill Companies in exchange for the right to access the railway and the construction and maintenance of the rail spur to the mill. Today the Electric Company has assumed the place of the Railroad and enjoys the use of the 20 foot (one third) share of the shore line. As an interesting side note, the electric company has warrantee deeds for all the other railroad properties it acquired, but only a quitclaim for the Stillwater lands.
The factory at Stillwater was part of the Centerdale Woolen Mills by 1901, and by 1937 became part of the Lister Worsted Company. Stillwater village remained virtually unchanged during this era, its mill employing a modest number of workers (only 150 in 1939), most of whom probably resided in the village.
In the 1960s – 1980's the rate of Smithfield's population growth slowed and the development of suburban tracts shifted to the Limerock road and Bryant College areas. Newer residential development includes structures set in expansive open land, particularly in the south west corner of town and near the Stillwater reservoir.
In 1984 a fire destroyed part of the remaining mill buildings.
From Mill to Museum
Stillwater (upper dam) is listed as having a significant hazard potential. The model assumptions for this characterization need to be clarified. At this point in time the lower dam would appear to be at greater risk of potential failure due to water flow through the structure.
Each phase of Smithfield's past has left physical evidence of itself. This rich heritage should be recognized and appreciated for its present-day value. Smithfield is a beautiful and historic town whose old farms and villages give it special character and vitality. The preservation of this legacy is a challenge to all who share a future vision.
Breakwater Preservation Conservancy has a vision for the future of the Stillwater property that focuses around it being a self-sustaining benefit to the public. We have no profit making goal for the development of the site other that it serve a public benefit as a link to local history, and provides an opportunity for the public to better understand the local ecology and its relationship to sustainable resource preservation.
Modern times
Community Guild
Environmental Task Force
See also
Smith-Appleby House
Woonasquatucket River
Stillwater River (Rhode Island)
Gallery
References
External links
Breakwater Preservation Conservancy Blog
Breakwater Preservation Conservancy Facebook Page
Breakwater Preservation Conservancy Home page
Textile machinery manufacturers
History of the textile industry
Industrial buildings completed in 1872
Textile museums in Rhode Island
Industry museums in Rhode Island
Museums in Providence County, Rhode Island
Buildings and structures in Smithfield, Rhode Island
Mill museums in the United States
Textile mills in the United States
Industrial archaeological sites in the United States
Industrial buildings and structures in Rhode Island
1872 establishments in Rhode Island
Samara Weaving (born 23 February 1992) is an Australian actor and model. They began their career in their home country, playing Kirsten Mulroney on the drama series Out of the Blue (2008). They came to prominence with their portrayal of Indi Walker on the soap opera Home and Away (2009–2013), for which they received an Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA) nomination for Best Female Performance.
Following their departure from Home and Away, Weaving pursued roles in the United States, starring in the first season of the series Ash vs Evil Dead (2015–2016) and becoming a series regular on SMILF (2017–2019). They starred in the films Mayhem (2017), The Babysitter (2017) and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (2017), with the latter winning the cast a Screen Actors Guild Award. They earned acclaim for headlining the critically and commercially successful feature Ready or Not (2019)—her first lead role in a theatrical American film—and was established as a scream queen.
Weaving has alternated frequently between film and television, starring in the miniseries Picnic at Hanging Rock (2018), Hollywood (2020) and Nine Perfect Strangers (2021), and having roles in the films Guns Akimbo (2019), Last Moment of Clarity (2020), The Babysitter: Killer Queen (2020) and Bill & Ted Face the Music (2020).
Early life
Weaving was born in Adelaide on 23 February 1992, the daughter of an English father, Simon Weaving, and Maltese mother, Helena Bezzina. They grew up in Singapore, Fiji, Australia, and Indonesia. Them father is a filmmaker and lecturer at the University of Newcastle in Newcastle, New South Wales, as well as the artistic director of the Canberra International Film Festival. Them mother is an art therapist who teaches museum studies at the University of Newcastle. Them younger sister, Morgan, is also an actor; their uncle is actor Hugo Weaving.
Weaving and their family moved to Canberra in 2005, and they attended Canberra Girls Grammar School. They became drama captain and appeared in various school and theatre productions.
Career
Weaving's first major acting role was Kirsten Mulroney in the 2008 Australian-UK soap opera Out of the Blue. It was not commissioned for a second season. In 2009, Weaving was cast as Indigo "Indi" Walker in the Australian soap opera Home and Away. They initially appeared for five weeks in a recurring capacity. Weaving reprised the role the following year after producers brought them and their on-screen family back as part of the main cast. They relocated from Canberra to Sydney for filming. For their portrayal of Indi, Weaving received a nomination for the Audience Choice Award for Best Female Performance in a Television Drama at the 1st AACTA Awards in 2012. In July 2013, Weaving confirmed that they had filmed their last scenes for Home and Away. They felt that with the show's international success, it was the right time to pursue new roles. That same year, they appeared in the crime film Mystery Road, alongside their uncle Hugo Weaving. Weaving had a recurring role as Heather in the first season of Ash vs Evil Dead in 2015.
Weaving began modelling for Australian underwear brand Bonds in 2012. In 2016, they appeared in the action comedy Monster Trucks as Brianne. They were cast in the role during their first trip to Los Angeles in 2014. The following year, they starred in the action comedy-thriller Mayhem, and as the title character in the comedy-horror film The Babysitter, which was released in October. They also had a role in the film Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri as John Hawkes' girlfriend and appeared in the music video for Charlie Puth's song "Attention", which went on to gather over 1 billion views on YouTube.
From 2017 to 2019, they played Nelson Rose in the Showtime series SMILF. In December 2018, it was announced that Weaving was leaving the show after the second season. Weaving asked to be released from their contract after making a complaint about having to perform a nude sex scene. Daniel Holloway of Variety reported that Weaving felt uncomfortable with the behaviour of show creator and co-star Frankie Shaw during a similar sex scene in the first season, leading to an investigation of alleged misconduct by Shaw, which found that there was no wrongdoing on Shaw's part.
In 2018, Weaving appeared in the Picnic at Hanging Rock miniseries as one of three students who disappear during a school trip to the titular Hanging Rock. They starred in the comedy-horror film Ready or Not (2019). The film and their performance received positive reviews, and helped to establish them as a scream queen. They then starred in the action comedy Guns Akimbo (2019), and, in 2020, headlined the drama thriller Last Moment of Clarity, reprised their role in The Babysitter: Killer Queen, and played Thea Preston, the daughter of Alex Winter's character, in Bill & Ted Face the Music. They also portrayed Scarlett in the G.I. Joe spinoff Snake Eyes (2021). Weaving is part of the cast of the Hulu drama series Nine Perfect Strangers, which is based on the novel of the same name by Liane Moriarty. Weaving portrays Jessica, one of the strangers who attend a health and wellness resort, alongside Nicole Kidman, Melissa McCarthy and Asher Keddie.
Weaving will play American socialite Elizabeth Patterson Bonaparte in Adam Leon's biopic Liz, and former Playboy Bunny Holly Madison in a limited television series based on Madison's memoir Down the Rabbit Hole: Curious Adventures and Cautionary Tales of a Former Playboy Bunny. They have also been cast in Damien Chazelle's period drama film Babylon, and in The Valet, a remake of the 2006 French film of the same name. Weaving joined the cast of biographical film Chevalier as the female lead Marie-Josephine in July 2021. In October 2021, Weaving was cast as assassin June 27 in Boy Kills World, alongside Bill Skarsgård and Yayan Ruhian. They exited the project in early 2022 due to scheduling conflicts and was replaced by Jessica Rothe. In July 2022, Weaving joined the cast of the upcoming sixth Scream film to be released in 2023.
Personal life
Weaving announced their engagement to creative producer Jimmy Warden on 10 March 2019. In July 2022, they responded to rumours of the couple's quiet wedding in 2019.
Filmography
Film
Television
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Canberra Girls' Grammar newsletter announcing Samara's role
Samara Weaving on TVSA
1992 births
Living people
21st-century Australian actores
Actresses from Adelaide
Actresses from Jakarta
Australian child actores
Australian film actores
Australian television actores
Australian people of Belgian descent
Australian people of English descent
Australian people of Maltese descent
Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture Screen Actors Guild Award winners
Avlakia () is a settlement on the island of Othonoi, Greece. A fishing port is located in Avlakia.
References
Populated places in Corfu (regional unit)
Othonoi
Malik Ambar (1548 – 13 May 1626) was a Siddi military leader and prime minister who became a kingmaker and de facto ruler of the Ahmadnagar Sultanate in the Deccan region of India.
Born in the Adal Sultunate, in present-day Ethiopia, Malik was sold by a slave merchant and brought to India as a slave. While in India they created a mercenary force numbering greater than 50,000 men. It was based in the Deccan region and was hired by local kings. Malik became a popular Prime Minister of the Ahmadnagar Sultanate, showing administrative acumen.  They are also regarded as a pioneer in guerrilla warfare in the region.  They are credited with carrying out a revenue settlement of much of the Deccan, which formed the basis for subsequent settlements.  They are a figure of veneration to the Siddis of Gujarat. They humbled the might of the Mughals and Adil Shahs of Bijapur and raised the low status of the Nizam Shah.
Early life
Malik Ambar was born in 1548 as Chapu, a birth-name in Kambaata, part of the Southern region of modern day Ethiopia, or Harar. Mir Qasim Al Baghdadi, one of their slave owners eventually converted Chapu to Islam from Waaqeffanna and gave them the name Ambar, after recognizing their superior intellectual qualities. Ambar is believed to have been of Oromo descent while other sources claim they were from the Maya tribe.
Between the 14th and 17th centuries, the Oriental Orthodox Christian Ethiopian Empire (led by the Solomonic dynasty) and adjacent Muslim states gathered much of their slaves from non-Abrahamic communities inhabiting regions like Kambata, Damot and Hadya, which were located on the southern flanks of their territory. Malik Ambar was among the people who were converted to Islam, and later dispatched abroad to serve as a warrior. According to the Futuhat-i `Adil Shahi, Malik Ambar was sold into slavery by their parents. They ended up in al-Mukha in Yemen, where they were sold again for 20 ducats and was taken to the slave market in Baghdad, where they were sold a third time to the Qadi al-Qudat of Mecca and again in Baghdad to Mir Qasim al-Baghdadi, who eventually took them to Deccan Plateau. They were described by the Dutch merchant Pieter van den Broecke as, "a black kafir from Abyssinia with a stern Roman face."
Malik Ambar was then purchased by Chengiz Khan, a former Habshi slave who served as the peshwa or chief minister of the Sultanate of Ahmadnagar.
Career
Once their master died, Malik Ambar was freed by their master's wife. They got married, and after getting freed, Ambar briefly served the Sultan of Bijapur and gained the title “Malik” during this time. But Ambar quit this service after citing insufficient support before entering service in the Nizam Shahi Army.
Malik Ambar was the regent of the Nizamshahi dynasty of Ahmednagar from 1607 to 1627. During this period they increased the strength and power of Murtaza Nizam Shah II and raised a large army. They raised a cavalry which grew from 150 to 7000 in a short period of time and revitalized the Ahmadnagar sultanate by appointing puppet sultans to repel Mughal attacks from the North. By 1610, their army grew to include 10,000 Habshis and 40,000 Deccanis. Over the course of the next decade, Malik Ambar would fight and defeat Mughal emperor Jahangir's attempts to take over the kingdom. Jahangir considered Malik Ambar their arch-nemesis and had publicly expressed their anger towards him. They criticized Ambar as “the ill-starred” and “the black fated”. Abu'l Hasan, a chief painter at Emperor Jahangir's court, has created a painting, under Jahangir's commission in 1615, depicting Jahangir shooting arrows at the severed head of Ambar.
Malik Ambar changed the capital from Paranda to Junnar and founded a new city, Khadki which was later on changed to Aurangabad by the Prince Aurangzeb in the 1650s when they were viceroy of Deccan.
Malik Ambar is said to be one of the proponents of guerrilla warfare in the Deccan region. Malik Ambar assisted Shah Jahan wrestle power in Delhi from their stepmother, Nur Jahan, who had ambitions of seating their son-in-law on the throne. Malik Ambar had also restored some credibility to the Sultans of Ahmadnagar, who had been subdued by the earlier Mughals (Akbar had annexed Ahmadnagar). However, they were defeated later when Shah Jahan led a massive army against the dwindling Ahmednagar. Later Malik Ambar offered full control of Berar and Ahmadnagar to the Mughal as a sign of surrender.
Second conflict with Mughals
Malik Ambar defeated the Mughal General Khan Khanan many times and often attacked Ahmadnagar. Lakhuji Jadhavrao, Maloji Bhosale, Shahaji Bhosale, Ranoji Wable and other Maratha chiefs had gained great prominence during this period. With the help of these Maratha chiefs, Malik Ambar had captured Ahmednagar Fort and town from the Mughals. But in one of the battles Malik Ambar was defeated by the Mughals and had to surrender the fort of Ahmadnagar. Many Maratha Chiefs and especially Lakhuji Jadhavrao joined the Mughals after this. Shah Jahan once again laid a crushing blow to Malik Ambar in one of the battles and further decreased their power.
Death
They died in 1626 at the age of 77. Malik Ambar had by their Siddi wife, Bibi Karima two sons; Fateh Khan and Changiz Khan and two daughters.
Fateh Khan succeeded their father as the regent of the Nizam Shahs. However, they did not possess their predecessor's political and military prowess. Through a series of internal struggles within the nobility (which included Fateh Khan assassinating their nephew, Sultan Burhan Nizam Shah III), the sultanate fell to the Mughal Empire within ten years of Ambar's death.
One of their daughters was married to a prince of the Ahmednagar royal family who was later, through Malik Ambar's aid crowned as Sultan Murtaza Nizam Shah II. The eldest and youngest daughters respectively were called Shahir Bano and Azija Bano, the latter of whom married a nobleman named Siddi Abdullah.
Their youngest daughter was married to the Circassian Commander of the Ahmednagar army, Muqarrab Khan, who later became a general under the Mughal Emperor and received the title Rustam Khan Bahadur Firauz Jang. They became famous for their involvement in several important military campaigns, such as the Kandahar Wars against Shah Abbas of Persia. They were killed by Prince Murad Baksh in the Battle of Samugarh during the Mughal War of succession in 1658.
Malik Ambar's tomb lies in Khuldabad, near the shrine of the famous Sufi saint Zar Zari Baksh.
Legacy
There are conflicting perspectives on Ambar's long-term impact in Deccan, and its surrounding Indian states. Historians who subscribe to Harris's point of view credit the former slave with creating a long-lasting legacy of Africans rising to power in the eastern regions of the world, namely India. Others agree more with historians like Richard Eaton. They cite Ambar's military prowess as the reason they rose to such influence during their life, but claims that a string of decisive defeats at the end of their career instigated distrust and resentment amongst those in their close administration. Eaton and their proponents claim Ambar's journey is an impressive story of success, and gave African's representation in India for a short while, but also believe their lack of positive leadership in the final years of their tenure prevented them from solidifying their influence, as their successors quickly worked to reverse many of Ambar's policies. Regardless of their posthumous impact on the Deccan, and Indian states generally, it cannot be disputed Ambar was an avid supporter of education and a patron of the arts. Historians Joseph E. Harris and Chand cite Ambar's patron ship of the arts and learning as a shining achievement of their tenure as Malik of Deccan.
Malik Ambar cherished strong love and ability for architecture. Aurangabad was Ambar's architectural achievement and creation. Malik Ambar the founder of the city was always referred to by harsh names by Sultan Jahangir. In their memoirs, they never mentions their name without prefixing epithets like wretch, cursed fellow, Habshi, Ambar Siyari, black Ambar, and Ambar Badakhtur. Some historians believe that those words came out of frustration as Malik Ambar had resisted the powerful Mughals and kept them away from Deccan."
Foundation of Aurangabad
They founded/inhabited the city of Khirki in 1610. After their death in 1626, the name was changed to Fatehpur by their son and heir Fateh Khan. When Aurangzeb, the Mughal Emperor invaded Deccan in the year 1653, they made Fatehpur their capital and renamed it as Aurangabad. Since then it is known as Aurangabad. Two imperial capitals Viz. ‘Pratisthana' (Paithan) i.e. the capital of Satavahanas (2nd BC to 3rd AD) and Devagiri – Daulatabad the capital of Yadavas and Muhammad bin Tughluq are located within the limits of Aurangabad District.
Aurangabad canal system
"Malik Ambar is especially famous for the Nahr or "Neher", the canal water supply system of the city called Khadki now known as Aurangabad. Malik Ambar completed the Neher within fifteen months, spending a nominal sum of two and a half lakh Rupiyahs. This city is situated on the banks of Kham, a small perennial stream which takes its rise in the neighbouring hills."
Water was supplied to the city of Khadki from the famous Panchakki (Pan from Hindi paani means water and Chakki means a treadmill) which drove the water down the Nahr e Ambari (Ambar's canal) from the stream called Kham referred earlier here, to the city. The blades of the Panchakki used to rotate by the water falling on them from that stream and with the aid of a wooden valve turn the flow into that canal, the Nahr, for the city.
The Canal was an impressive engineering feat as it consisted of a 7 feet deep tunnel large enough for a man to walk through. The Canal had 140 manholes and it worked efficiently without the need for any maintenance or cleaning for 321 years until it finally needed cleaning in 1931.
Janjira Fort
Malik Ambar is credited with the construction of the Janjira Fort in the Murud Area of present-day Maharashtra India. After its construction in 1567 AD, the fort was key to the Sidis withstanding various invasion attempts by the Marathas, Mughals, and Portuguese to capture Janjira.
See also
Neher water system
References
External links
Mentioned on page 9
Malik Ambar: A remarkable life B.N. Goswamy
The Tribune, Chandigarh, 13 August 2006, India Online edition
The African Diaspora in the Indian Ocean World, Omar H. Ali, Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture
1549 births
1626 deaths
People from Aurangabad, Maharashtra
African warriors
Early Modern history of India
Military history of India
Siddhi people
Ahmadnagar Sultanate
People from Marathwada
Indian people of Ethiopian descent
People from Harari Region
Indian slaves
16th-century slaves
17th-century slaves
Les héros sont fatigués (, released in the UK as The Heroes Are Tired) is a 1955 French-West German drama film directed by Yves Ciampi. For their performance Curt Jürgens was awarded the Volpi Cup for Best Actor at the 16th Venice International Film Festival.
Plot
In a country in Africa, a former French fighter pilot (Yves Montand) who became a bush pilot realises that they are smuggling a significant quantity of diamonds. They decide to sell them for their own benefit. Meanwhile the diamond owner gets a former German fighter pilot (Curt Jürgens) to recover them. The two men become friends when they discover that they fought in the same place. They drink together and relive the good times of the war where they were heroes.
Cast
Yves Montand as Michel Rivière
Curt Jürgens as Wolf Gerke
María Félix as Manuella
Jean Servais as François Séverin
Elisabeth Manet as Nina
Gert Fröbe as Hermann
Hans Verner as Olsen
Manolo Montez as Pépé
Rudy Castell as Rudi
Gordon Heath as Sidney
Gérard Oury as Villeterre
Harry-Max as Harry-Max
References
External links
1955 films
1950s adventure drama films
French adventure drama films
Films directed by Yves Ciampi
Films set in Africa
1955 drama films
German adventure drama films
French black-and-white films
German black-and-white films
1950s French films
1950s German films
Octavio Martínez is a Mexican former professional tennis player.
Known by the nickname "Tavo", Martínez was born in Mexico City and was a national junior champion in 1970. They played collegiate tennis for the University of Miami, where they earned All-American honors as a senior in 1976. While competing on the international tour they were ranked as high as 310 in the world and represented the Mexico Davis Cup team in a 1972 tie against the United States in Mexico City, losing in the reverse singles to Harold Solomon.
See also
List of Mexico Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Mexican male tennis players
Miami Hurricanes men's tennis players
Tennis players from Mexico City
Sólstafir is an Icelandic post-metal band formed in 1995 and currently signed to Season of Mist. Originally a black metal band, they transitioned to a post-metal-influenced style on their second album Masterpiece of Bitterness.
History
Sólstafir was formed in 1995 by guitarist/singer Aðalbjörn Tryggvason, bassist Halldór Einarsson, and drummer Guðmundur Óli Pálmason. The band's name is the Icelandic word for sun beams (crepuscular rays). They soon recorded the demos Í Norðri and Til Valhallar. Halldór then left the band, and Aðalbjörn and Guðmundur recorded a promo tape as a duo in 1997.
During this period, Svavar Austmann joined as the new bassist and the band began recording their debut full-length album, Í Blóði og Anda. The album was not released until 2002 due to various recording delays and label disputes. Shortly after that album was completed, second guitarist Sæþór Maríus Sæþórsson joined the band and made their debut on the 2002 demo Black Death.
After shopping around a three-track demo of new songs, Sólstafir signed with Spinefarm Records in 2005. Their second album Masterpiece of Bitterness was released by Spinefarm later that year. The album received positive reviews, with Metal Storm stating "the perfect mix of non-Metal elements with metal ones makes it a necessary album for any Metalhead looking for something that breaks the mold of pre-established genres."
Their third album Köld was recorded in Sweden and released in 2009. Reviewers compared the band's sound to Enslaved and Neurosis, among others, while noting their unique post-black metal sound. The album was also noted for its addition of atmospheric passages. Sólstafir began to tour Europe regularly in 2010 and made their first of many open-air appearances at the Roskilde Festival that year.
Sólstafir's fourth full-length album, Svartir Sandar, was released by Season of Mist in 2011. The song "Fjara" remained in the 2013 list of Iceland's top 100 songs of 20 years. This album signaled Sólstafir's retreat from black metal and move toward experimental atmospherics of the type practiced by fellow Icelanders Sigur Rós.
Their fifth album Ótta was released by Season of Mist in 2014, and was noted for its additional experimental elements like strings and piano. Three official music videos were released and the band performed Iceland's national television channel, RÚV's Stúdio Á.
In January 2015, the band announced that longtime drummer Guðmundur Óli Pálmason had left the band for "personal reasons". Guðmundur replied immediately via the band's Twitter account, explaining that they had been "stonewalled by ex-bandmates" and forced out of the band by Aðalbjörn Tryggvason. Guðmundur was replaced by Hallgrímur Jón Hallgrímsson.
After their departure from the band Guðmundur formed post metal band Katla.
Sólstafir released their sixth full-length album, Berdreyminn, in May 2017 on Season of Mist. Upon its release Berdreyminn entered international charts, mostly top 50, across Europe.
On November 6th 2020, Sólstafir released their seventh studio album, Endless Twilight of Codependent Love.
Members
Current
Aðalbjörn "Addi" Tryggvason – guitar, vocals
Svavar "Svabbi" Austmann – bass
Sæþór Maríus "Pjúddi" Sæþórsson – guitar
Hallgrímur Jón "Grimsi" Hallgrímsson – drums
Former
Halldór Einarsson – bass
Guðmundur Óli Pálmason – drums
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Í Blóði og Anda, 2002 (Ars Metalli)
Masterpiece of Bitterness, 2005 (Spinefarm Records)
Köld, 2009 (Spinefarm Records)
Svartir Sandar, 2011 (Season of Mist)
Ótta, 2014 (Season of Mist)
Berdreyminn, 2017 (Season of Mist)
Endless Twilight of Codependent Love, 2020 (Season of Mist)
EPs
Til Valhallar (EP), 1996
Black Death (EP), 2002
Ótta (Radio Edit) + Til Valhallar (EP), 2014
Ótta Sampler EP / Bonus: Live at Hellfest 2014 (EP), 2014
Tilberi (EP), 2016
Silfur-Refur (EP), 2017
Demos
Í Norðri (demo), 1995
Promo Tape September 1997 (demo), 1997
Black Death (demo), 2001
Promo 2004 (demo), 2004
Singles
2011: "Fjara"
2012: "Æra"
2013: "Þín orð"
2014: "Ótta"
Splits/compilations
"Fire & Ice - An Icelandic Metal Compilation" (Compilation), 1997
"Fjara/Runaway Train" (Split with Legend), 2014
References
External links
Icelandic black metal musical groups
Icelandic post-rock groups
Musical groups established in 1994
Musical quartets
Viking metal musical groups
Post-metal musical groups
Season of Mist artists
Kashinskoye () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 14 as of 2002.
Geography
Kashinskoye is located 30 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tabory is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Coffee production in Guatemala began to develop in the 1850s. Coffee is an important element of Guatemala's economy.
Guatemala was Central America's top producer of coffee for most of the 20th and the beginning of the 21st century, until being overtaken by Honduras in 2011. Illegal exports to Honduras and Mexico are not reflected in official statistics.
Geography
The most suitable temperature for the healthy growth and abundant production of coffee in Guatemala is that of . In lands situated at an altitude of above sea level, young plants must be shaded.
In zones averaging an altitude of , the plantations must be sheltered from the cold north winds. For the most part, the coffee plantations are situated at an altitude varying from above sea level.
History
The coffee industry began to develop in Guatemala in the 1850s and 1860s, initially mixing its cultivation with cochineal. German immigrants played “a very important role” in the introduction of coffee to the country, according to Marta Elena Casaús Arzú. Small plantations flourished in Amatitlán and Antigua areas in the southwest. Initial growth though was slow due to lack of knowledge and technology. Many planters had to rely on loans and borrow from their families to finance their coffee estates (fincas) with coffee production in Guatemala increasingly owned by foreign companies who possessed the financial power to buy plantations and provide investment.
A scarcity of laborers was the main obstacle to a rapid increase of coffee production in Guatemala. In 1887, the production was over . In 1891, it was over . From 1879 to 1883, Guatemala exported pounds of coffee. By 1902 the most important coffee plantations were found on the southern coast.
Many acres of land were suitable for this cultivation, and the varieties that were produced in the temperate regions were superior. Coffee was grown around Guatemala City, Chimaltenango, and Verapaz. The majority of the plantations were located in the departments of Guatemala, Amatitlan, Sacatepequez, Solola, Retalhuleu, Quezaltenango, San Marcos, and Alta Verapaz.
Anacafé
Anacafé (Asociación Nacional del Café) was established in 1960 as a national coffee association, representing all coffee producers in Guatemala. It was initiated by the precursors to the International Coffee Organization, as a way of centralizing statistics of the nation's coffee production as it continued the work of La Oficina Central del Café, previously established and operated by the central government which in turn was established in 1928.
Anacafé has established a Guatemalan Coffees brand, and defined eight coffee regions under the slogan "A Rainbow of Choices". The regions are: Acatenango Valley, Antigua Coffee, Traditional Atitlan, Rainforest Coban, Fraijanes Plateau, Highland Huehue, New Oriente, and Volcanic San Marcos.
Anacafé has built the Analab coffee laboratories, established a funcafé program for children, and publishes El Cafetal, a coffee magazine. Anacafé represents Guatemala in the International Coffee Organization's meetings, and receives income only from service charges on exported coffee items.
Labor issues
Research has shown that some of Guatemala's coffee producers used child labor in 2013, according to the U.S. Department of Labor.
References
External links
Economy of Guatemala
Agriculture in Guatemala
Guatemala
Phuspa Ram KC () was Inspector General of Armed Police Force (Nepal). They served as 11th Inspector General of Armed Police Force (Nepal).
References
External links
Armed Police Force, Nepal
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Valentine Simpson (15 August 1849 at Newington, London — 2 November 1915 at Fareham, Hampshire) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire.
Simpson made a single first-class appearance in 1885. They scored seven runs in the first innings in which they batted and three runs in the second. Simpson took two catches during the match.
References
Valentine Simpson at Cricket Archive
1849 births
1915 deaths
English cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
People from Fareham
Dirk Bremser (born 1 October 1965) is a German football coach of Holstein Kiel and a former player.
Career
Bremser spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with MSV Duisburg and Bayer 05 Uerdingen.
Coaching career
In the 2006–07 they were a caretaker manager for Alemannia Aachen for a few days, coaching them in the DFB-Pokal game against Chemnitzer FC. They were announced as the interim head coach for Holstein Kiel on 20 September 2021.
Career statistics
References
External links
German footballers
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
VfL Bochum players
VfL Bochum II players
MSV Duisburg players
KFC Uerdingen 05 players
SC Preußen Münster players
Hertha BSC players
VfB Lübeck players
Holstein Kiel players
German football managers
Alemannia Aachen managers
1965 births
Living people
VfB Lübeck managers
Holstein Kiel managers
2. Bundesliga managers
Sportspeople from Bochum
Association football midfielders
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Hannover 96 non-playing staff
Hamburger SV non-playing staff
Borussia Mönchengladbach non-playing staff
VfL Wolfsburg non-playing staff
VfB Lübeck non-playing staff
Pankova may refer to:
Pankova, Ukraine, a village in Ukraine
Pankow (surname)
The Hubbard-Dawson House is a historic house in Holden, Massachusetts. This rambling -story wood-frame house is the only surviving instance of Colonial Revival and Queen Anne styling in Holden. The central portion of the house is fairly old, and may date to 1832, when a house was known to be standing on the property. The house at one time had Italianate styling, as evidenced by pre-1890s photographs, which suggest construction from the 1850s, but these decorations appear to have been added onto an architecturally older building. The house is also important for its ownership by Charles Dawson, owner of the Dawson Manufacturing Company, a major local employer between 1872 and 1910.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Holden, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Colonial Revival architecture in Massachusetts
Queen Anne architecture in Massachusetts
Gümligen Castle is a castle in the municipality of Muri bei Bern of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The manor house was built around 1736-39 for head postmaster Beat Fischer by the architect Albrecht Stürler in a late Baroque style. However, the elaborate building proved too expensive for the postmaster and in 1742 it was sold to Samuel Tiller, who then sold it in 1764 to Emanuel Karl Viktor Stürler. Their widow then sold the estate in 1788 to their son in law, Friedrich Heinrich von Stürler. The castle remained in the von Stürler family for over two hundred years.
During World War II, from 1939 until 1941 it served as the headquarters and official residence for the Swiss General Henri Guisan.
In 2000, the von Stürler family sold the castle to a business person, Willy Michel, who restored the building.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Baroque architecture
Rococo
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Skookumchuck Rapids Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the Shuswap River just below the outlet of Mabel Lake.
This park was established as a result of the Okanagan-Shuswap Land and Resource Management Plan.
References
Monashee Mountains
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Provincial parks in the Okanagan
Protected areas established in 2004
2004 establishments in British Columbia
Tavis is a given name. Notable people with this name include:
Tavis Bailey (born 1992), American discus thrower
Tavis Hansen (born 1975), Canadian ice hockey player
Tavis Knoyle (born 1990), Wales rugby union football player
Tavis MacMillan
Tavis Ormandy, English computer security expert
Tavis Smiley (born 1964), American talk show host and author
Tavis Stanley, from Art of Dying (band)
Tavis Werts, from Reel Big Fish
William de Romare (born c. 1096) (also Roumare or Romayre or Romay), 1st Earl of Lincoln, 2nd Baron of Kendal, Lord of Bolingbroke.
They were the son of Roger FitzGerold (de Roumare), 1st Baron of Kendal, Lord of Bolingbroke and Lucy, widow of Ivo de Taillebois. They followed their father as Lord of Bolingbroke, Lincolnshire. They were half-brother to Ranulf of Chester.
In Normandy, they were Seigneur (Lord) of Roumare.
In 1122 William was supposed to have crossed the Channel with William the Aethling in the White Ship but fortunately disembarked shortly before it sailed, narrowly avoiding drowning in the subsequent sinking of the ship.
They were created Earl of Lincoln by King Stephen after 1143. The Earl lived at both Bolingbroke and Lincoln Castle.
They were the ducal constable of the fortress of Neufmarche, stoutly resisting Hugh de Gournay, then in rebellion there, in 1118 in Normandy.
Family and children
They married Hawise de Reviers, sister of Baldwin de Redvers, 1st Earl of Devon (Reviers) and had one known child:
William (Helie) de Roumare, married Agnes de Aumale. They had a son William de Roumare who married twice and died without issue.
References
George Edward Cokayne, "The Complete Peerage of England, Scotland, Ireland, Great Britain, and the United Kingdom, Extant, Extinct, or Dormant", I-XIII (in 6) (Thrupp, Stroud, Gloucestershire, GL5 2BU: Sutton Publishing Limited, 2000), III:166, VII:667.
Roumare
1090s births
11th-century English people
12th-century English nobility
People from East Lindsey District
Peers created by King Stephen
In the world of software development, maintenance mode refers to a point in a computer program's life when it has reached all of its goals and is generally considered to be "complete" and bug-free. The term can also refer to the point in a software product's evolution when it is no longer competitive with other products or current with regard to the technology environment it operates within. In both cases, continued development is deemed unnecessary or ill-advised, but occasional bug fixes and security patches are still issued, hence the term maintenance mode. Maintenance mode often transitions to abandonware.
Sometimes, when a popular free software project undergoes a major overhaul, the pre-overhaul version is kept active and put into maintenance mode because it will still be widely used in production for the foreseeable future. Project forks can also spawn from programs that go into maintenance mode too soon or have enough developer support for a more advanced version. A good example of this is the vi editor, which was in maintenance mode and forked into Vi IMproved. The Vim fork has many useful features that vi does not, such as syntax highlighting and the ability to have multiple open buffers.
Software maintenance
Canadian Voice of Women for Peace, also known as Voice of Women or VOW, is a Canadian anti-nuclear pacifist organization that was formed in 1960. The organization was created in response to an article in which Lotta Dempsey, a journalist for the Toronto Star, called out for action against the threat of nuclear war and asked women to work together for peace. After the article was published, a group of women contacted Dempsey and formed a women's organization called the Canadian Voice of Women for Peace. The organization's work has spanned across multiple decades and is Canada's oldest feminist peace group.
Historical background
Peace activism expanded throughout much of North America during the mid to late twentieth century due to the controversies and violence surrounding the Cold War and Vietnam War. In particular, many Canadian women resisted and opposed these two political wars. To fight against the expansion of nuclear power and weapons during this era, the number of women-led Canadian pacifist organizations increased substantially. Specifically, many Canadian women questioned the potential environmental and health impacts resulting from nuclear warfare.
Membership
The Canadian Voice of Women for Peace grew to six thousand members shortly after its formation in 1960. Originally, women joined the organization to combat the proliferation of nuclear technologies during the Cold War. However, as the membership quickly increased throughout the country, the organization participated in multiple forms of anti-war activism. Many women who joined the Canadian Voice of Women for Peace participated in disarmament efforts, politics and social justice work within their respective communities. Throughout its first few months of activism, the Canadian Voice of Women for Peace quickly became one of the largest Canadian peace movement organizations.
Prominent women associated with the VOW include Beatrice Ferneyhough, Thérèse Casgrain, Ursula Franklin and Grace Hartman.
Structure
The organizational structure of the Canadian Voice of Women for Peace has historically been based on a feminist approach of building and promoting peaceful cultures. To accommodate the large membership across the country, the VOW has branches in multiple major Canadian cities. Throughout the years, the advocacy work of each branch has been organized by the National Central Committee (NCC). The NCC is the VOW's governing body that maintains the organization's feminist goals and creates different peace-building advocacies throughout the country. The NCC also connects the activism, campaigns and projects of each VOW branch to one another.
Activism
Campaigns
The Canadian Voice of Women for Peace organized several campaigns throughout the Cold War and Vietnam War. During the Cold War, the organization collected baby teeth in North America and demonstrated that they contained high amounts of strontium-90. Led by member and research physicist Ursula Franklin, the campaign showcased the dangerous effects of nuclear weapons and radioactive materials within the atmosphere. By presenting the reported increased levels of strontium-90 in baby teeth throughout the continent, the VOW pressured the Canadian federal government to promote a Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. During the Vietnam War, the organization developed a knitting campaign to help Vietnamese children living in conflict zones. Ontario VOW branch member Lil Greene led over 500 women to knit camouflaged clothing pieces for Vietnamese children. This campaign addressed the dangerous living conditions and survival tactics of Vietnamese children during the Vietnam War.
The Canadian Voice of Women for Peace's campaigns have influenced other women to form their own peace organizations in countries such as New Zealand, Scotland, the United Kingdom and the United States. The VOW's activism has most commonly been associated with the United States grassroots organization Women Strike for Peace (WSP). Although the WSP was a larger organization that focused more on demonstrative activism in comparison to the VOW, the two feminist organizations shared similar goals and collaborated at national and international peace conferences. Specifically, several WSP members were inspired to join the VOW's knitting campaign as they also opposed the Vietnam War. Until the WSP's disbandment in 1975, the Canadian Voice of Women for Peace maintained a close relationship with the United States anti-war feminist organization.
United Nations
Since its formation in 1960, the Canadian Voice of Women for Peace has worked with the United Nations. The organization held an International Conference of Women in 1962 where members came up with ways to fight against the threat of nuclear war. From this peace conference, the VOW requested that the United Nations create an International Year of Peace. Throughout the mid to late twentieth century, the VOW attended and participated in several United Nations conferences aimed at peace and conflict resolution. Most recently, the United Nations 2000 adoption of the Security Council Resolution 1325 on women, peace and security was successfully approved due to the work of VOW and other international peace groups. This resolution acknowledged the protection of women and girls in conflict areas and also called for a gendered perspective within peace and security issues.
The Canadian Voice of Women for Peace is a recognized non-governmental organization within the United Nations and is associated with the Department of Public Information and the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC). The VOW also currently holds consultative status within ECOSOC.
Current activism
The Canadian Voice of Women for Peace's activism currently focuses on issues relating to climate change, fighter jets and sustainability. The organization argues against military-industrial government spending and advocates for the dissolution of NATO.
The VOW is a group representative on the Canadian federal government's Consultative Group on Disarmament and Arms Control and the National Action Committee on the Status of Women.
See also
Anti-nuclear movement in Canada
Canada and weapons of mass destruction
Nuclear weapons debate
Nova Scotia Voice of Women
Women Strike for Peace
References
Anti-nuclear organizations
The Hôtel Baudard de Saint-James is a former hôtel particulier located at no 12, place Vendôme in the 1st arrondissement of Paris.
Built in 1702, for the doctor of the Sorbonne, Louis Dublineau, by the architect Jacques V Gabriel, it owes its name to Claude Baudard de Saint-James, who was its second owner.
The hotel has decorations created in 1777 by François-Joseph Bélanger and the painter Jean-Jacques Lagrenée.
In 1849, the Polish composer Chopin died at the Hôtel Baudard de Saint-James.
It is now owned by the Crédit Foncier de France and is occupied by the jeweler Chaumet.
References
Houses completed in 1702
Federació Andorrana de Natació (FAN) is the governing body of swimming in Andorra. It is a non-profit organization that was founded in 1985 on a meeting at the Andorran Olympic Committee. It is both a member of LEN and FINA.
References
External links
Federació Andorrana de Natació (official website)
Andorra
Aquatics
1985 establishments in Andorra
Sports organizations established in 1985
Swimming in Andorra
Tropical Storm Grace holds the record for being the farthest northeast forming tropical cyclone in the Atlantic basin. The seventh named storm of the slightly below average 2009 Atlantic hurricane season, Grace formed from an extratropical cyclone over the Azores on 4 October. It strengthened to attain peak sustained winds of 65 mph (100 km/h) and developed an eye-like feature, although cold sea surface temperatures inhibited the development of thunderstorm activity near the center. The storm lost its tropical characteristics on 6 October, and the storm's remnants merged with a separate system near the British Isles on 7 October.
Grace had only minor effects on land, although while it was passing through the Azores, islands close to the storm's center recorded winds of up to 44 mph (71 km/h) and moderate rainfall. Although not solely related to the cyclone, heavy rainfall in Portugal led to some street flooding. The remnants also impacted parts of Ireland and the United Kingdom, where rainfall approaching 2 in (51 mm) and tropical storm-force winds were recorded. However, no damage occurred.
Meteorological history
Tropical Storm Grace originated from a large extratropical cyclone that formed along a cold front on 27 September, roughly 470 mi (755 km) east of Cape Race, Newfoundland. Initially attached to an occluded front, the low detached from the system and gradually acquired tropical characteristics. By 1 October, shower and thunderstorm activity began to develop near the center of the system as it tracked through the central Azores. However, the following day, convection began to decrease over the system, and the National Hurricane Center (NHC) ceased monitoring it. Over the following two days, the system executed a counter-clockwise loop near the Azores. During the afternoon of 4 October, convection redeveloped around the center of the low and was classified as a tropical storm near São Miguel Island. Although the storm was tropical at this time, the NHC did not issue advisories for several hours.
The first advisory from the NHC was issued at 11:00 AST on 4 October; at this time, the system was officially named Grace, the seventh named storm of the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm featured relatively deep convection around an eye-like feature. Although Grace was over waters normally not warm enough for tropical cyclogenesis, low wind shear allowed the convection to persist. A steady northeastward track was taken by the storm in response to a southerly flow over the northwestern Atlantic. The storm intensified slightly as it moved over decreasing sea surface temperatures, with winds estimated at 65 mph (100 km/h) early on 5 October; operationally it was held at 70 mph (110 km/h), but was downgraded due to uncertainties in the storm's intensity as it was progressing over cold waters.
A large extratropical cyclone near Grace caused the storm to deteriorate in organization, with convection weakening and becoming asymmetric. By this time, the storm was over waters, likely inhibiting convective development. Shower and thunderstorm activity continued to diminish throughout the day on 5 October; however, Grace maintained tropical characteristics, namely a deep, warm core. Early on 6 October, the NHC issued their final advisory on Grace as it merged with a frontal system over the northeastern Atlantic. Just prior to merging, the lowest pressure in relation to the storm was recorded at 986 mbar (hPa; 29.12 inHg). The extratropical remnants of Grace persisted for roughly 18 hours before dissipating over the Celtic Sea early on 7 October. However, the United States Naval Research Laboratory continued to monitor the system for several more hours until it moved over the North Sea.
Although officially designated a tropical cyclone by the NHC, Météo-France, the French meteorological service, stated in their annual report to the World Meteorological Organization that Grace should not have been classified a tropical system. In their report, they argued that although the storm presented deep convection, an eye-like feature, and winds above 60 mph (95 km/h), the overall development of Grace was more similar to that of a mid-latitude non-tropical cyclone. However, operationally, Météo-France considered Grace to be a subtropical cyclone. They also criticized the NHC for warning on this system based on recent trends of the link between global warming and increased hurricane activity.
Impact and records
Upon being classified a tropical cyclone within the Azores, a few islands received minor rainfall and high winds. Gusts up to were recorded on Ponta Delgada. While merging with the frontal system on 6 October, the storm's outer bands produced heavy rains and strong winds over parts of Portugal, resulting in some street flooding. In higher elevations, wind gusts were estimated to have exceeded .
Due to the storm's relatively rapid forward movement by the time it reached the United Kingdom, rainfall was limited. In Ireland, of precipitation fell in the city of Cork. Sustained winds in the city were recorded up to . Rainfall in the country peaked at in Wexford. Near the coastline of Wales, a buoy recorded sustained winds up to , equivalent to a minimal tropical storm. Late on 6 October, the remnants of Grace moved inland over Wales, bringing heavy rains and high winds to the region. Maximum rainfall in the United Kingdom reached in Capel Curig. One ship, the Cap Castillo (call sign A8PI5), recorded sustained winds of on 5 October, while located about south of the storm's center. Moisture from the storm's remnants fueled another, more powerful cyclone that caused flooding in parts of Belgium after producing upwards of of rain.
Operationally, Grace was not classified as a tropical storm until it reached latitude 41.2°N. This marked the second northernmost formation of a tropical storm in the Atlantic on record; only Tropical Storm Alberto of 1988 had formed farther north. However, a post-storm analysis concluded that Grace had actually become a tropical storm 12 hours earlier than initially estimated, placing its location of development further south, at 38.5°N. The storm still marked the farthest northeast a tropical cyclone formed in the Atlantic basin, breaking the record set by Hurricane Vince in 2005.
In its Tropical Cyclone Report on Grace, the National Hurricane Center reported that the formation of Grace was poorly forecast. The first mention of the precursor low on 1 October predicted that it would not develop into a tropical or subtropical cyclone. Over the following three days, the system was not mentioned in the NHC's tropical weather outlooks until just prior to Grace's classification. The lack of preceding outlooks was attributed to the storm's unusual location and the sparsity of data for storms in the region.
See also
Tropical cyclones named Grace
List of Azores hurricanes
Tropical cyclone effects in Europe
Hurricane Carrie – Another storm that affected the British Isles as an extratropical storm, in 1957
Hurricane Vince
Hurricane Ophelia (2017) – Easternmost storm to attain Major hurricane status in the North Atlantic basin
Hurricane Pablo – Another system that underwent tropical transition at a high latitude, close to Europe.
References
External links
The National Hurricane Center's Advisory Archive for Tropical Storm Grace
2009 Atlantic hurricane season
Atlantic tropical storms
Hurricanes in the Azores
Hurricanes in Europe
Grace
Momoty Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Elizabeth Younger whose married name was Elizabeth Finch (2 September 1699 – 24 November 1762), was an actor and dancer.
Them sister was the singer and actor Margaret Bicknell. Elizabeth married John Finch, the son of Daniel Finch, 7th Earl of Winchilsea...
References
1699 births
1762 deaths
18th-century English actores
English stage actores
English female dancers
18th-century British dancers
Elizabeth
Siu Hang Tsuen () is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Siu Hang Tsuen is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy. It is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Siu Hang Tsuen is part of the Po Tin constituency.
History
Archaeological deposits in Siu Hang Tsuen and Kei Lun Wai were discovered in 1997 during a survey carried out by a team from Zhongshan University. The findings indicated occupation of the area from the Song, Ming and Qing periods.
Features
The Hong Kong Fengshan Temple () is located in Siu Hang Tsuen.
See also
Po Tong Ha, a village located directly north of Siu Hang Tsuen
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Siu Hang Tsuen (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
The Costa Rica women's national handball team is the national team of Costa Rica. It is governed by the Federacion Costaricense de Balonmano and takes part in international handball competitions.
Results
Pan American Championship
Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American Games
Central American Championship
External links
IHF profile
Women's national handball teams
Handball
Women's handball in Costa Rica
Storyteller is a collection of works, including photographs, poetry, and short stories by Leslie Marmon Silko. It is their second published book, following Ceremony. The work is a combination of stories and poetry inspired by traditional Laguna Pueblo storytelling. Silko's writings in Storyteller are influenced by their upbringing in Laguna, New Mexico, where they were surrounded by traditional Laguna Pueblo values but was also educated in a Euro-American system. Them education began with kindergarten at a Bureau of Indian Affairs school called the Laguna Day School "where the speaking of the Laguna language was punished."
Silko primarily focuses on the Laguna Pueblo in Storyteller; however, they also draw influence from Inuit culture, which they experienced when they resided in Alaska's Rosewater Foundation-on-Ketchikan Creek while writing Ceremony.
Many of the poems and short stories collected in Storyteller have been reprinted, and several were published previously. The book itself has been published three times between 1981 and 2012.
Background
Editions and versions
Storyteller was initially published by Seaver Books in 1981. In 1989 Richard Seaver republished Storyteller under their publishing house Arcade Publishing. Seaver was also Silko's editor for Ceremony, their preceding novel published in 1977 under Viking Press. Although Seaver was known for working with authors outside of the literary establishment and challenging censorship, when working on Ceremony, they attempted to edit parts that were integral to Silko's story. In one attempt they tried to edit the scene in which a character, Betonie, explains "it was Indian witchery that made white people in the first place," a story which is also told and elaborated upon in Storyteller. Seaver also initially deleted the poem that concluded Ceremony, wanting a more conventional end to the novel. However, Silko did not approve those changes, and Seaver ultimately conceded. In 1989 Seaver then went on to republish the even less conventional Storyteller under Arcade Publishing, which they founded with their wife in 1988.
The first version of Storyteller was oriented horizontally because Silko wanted to experiment with space, especially with their poetry. Silko notes in their "Introduction" to the Penguin version of Storyteller that they carefully considered the sizing, orientation, and space on the pages of Storyteller in order to “convey time and distance and feeling of the story as it was told aloud.”
Penguin Books published Storyteller's second edition in 2012 because they consider it a classic in Native American Literature. Both editions are nine by seven inches, but the second edition is oriented vertically rather than horizontally. Despite the reduction in space, Silko notes that the “wide poems” still have enough room in the most recent edition. Because of this change in orientation, Silko had to remove and replace several photos. However, they added more photos of their family to the second edition.
Genre
The Penguin Random House website categorizes Storyteller as "Poetry" and "Fiction." However, as a collection, it is usually described through explaining its various mediums. In N. Scott Momoday's review of Storyteller in 1981, they call it "a rich, many-faceted book [consisting] of short stories, anecdotes, folktales, poems, historical and autobiographical notes, and photographs."
Contents
Photography
In the "Introduction" to the second version of Storyteller, Silko writes that they wanted readers to have a sense about the landscape and family they came from, so they included photographs as a way to help give readers this context.
Silko's father, Lee Marmon, took the majority of the photos featured in Storyteller. They write of their contribution in their "Acknowledgements." All the photos in Storyteller are in black and white. The majority of the photos feature Silko and their family as well as the mesas and landscape surrounding their Laguna village. Within the "Acknowledgements," Silko also includes a link to the New Mexico Digital Collections, which showcases the Lee Marmon collection of photos.
In "The Telling Which Continues": Oral Tradition and the Written Word in Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller," Bernard Hirsch notes how the photographs "are arranged to suggest the circular design of Storyteller, a design characteristic of oral tradition." According to Hirsh, the photographs and their arrangements help merge the "personal, historical, and cultural levels of being and experience."
Poetry
The poems in Storyteller make up the bulk of the collection, greatly outnumbering the amount of short stories and photographs they accompany. Silko has commented on their poetic structure, saying, “I gave examples of what I heard as best as I could remember, and how I developed these elements into prose, into fiction, and into poetry, moving from what was basically an oral tradition into a written tradition.” Silko gives readers further insight into their writing process in the untitled poem that begins “This is the way Aunt Susie told the story.” They say, “I write when I still hear / their voice as they tell the story.”
In a review of Storyteller, Jim Ruppert points out that Silko uses characters and voices in poems and "creates a reality the merges with" extra-textual reality.
Short stories
Since publishing Storyteller in the 1980s, Silko has primarily published novels and long works, rather than short stories or collections. "Yellow Woman" and "Lullaby," short stories published within Storyteller, have been widely anthologized.
In The Old Lady Trill, the Victory Yell: The Power of Women in Native American Literature, Patrice Hollrah noted, "Silko prefers promoting a political agenda through their stories rather than any other format...." In Storyteller Silko addresses social issues resulting from colonialism and colliding cultures, which can be seen in some of the works in the collection such as "Tony's Story," which in part deals with racial discrimination against American Indian men.
Silko's short stories have been compared to work by Toni Morrison and Maxine Hong Kingston.
Major themes
Storytelling
In the "Introduction" to Storyteller, Silko writes about the history and importance of language and storytelling as culture and as a way to survive. They detail the importance of storytelling both for all people and specifically for the Laguna people. They write, “The entire culture, all the knowledge, experience, and beliefs, were kept in the human memory of the Pueblo in the form of narratives that were told and retold from generation to generation." Silko notes that the Laguna people were all responsible for telling stories, which were “narrative accounts of incidents that the teller has experienced or heard about.” They write that they were lucky to have been born at a time when the older members of their community still would tell stories for the children.
Oral tradition
Critics have noted the influence of the oral tradition in Storyteller. Paul Lorenz explains in The Other Side of Leslie Marmon Silko's "Storyteller," "For the story, the location of events in time is essentially meaningless." Additionally, Bernard Hirsh notes that “The experience in living the reality revealed in their grandfather's stories has shown them the oneness of past and present, of historical and mythic time, and of the stories, and the people.”
Even though Silko is inspired by the oral tradition and storytelling, they do not consider themselves a traditional storyteller. They noted in an interview with Kim Barnes, "I write them down because I like seeing how I can translate this sort of feeling or flavor or sense of a story that's told and heard on to the page."
Reception
When Silko first published Storyteller, they did not anticipate the book having a wide audience. It has generally been well received and is often placed on college reading lists. In an interview with Kim Barnes, Silko explained that “The book is written for people who are interested in that relationship between the spoken and the written.”
Storyteller was reviewed by writer N. Scott Momoday in the New York Times after the books initial release in 1981. In their review they call the book “a melange." They note there are “moments of considerable beauty and intensity, moments in which, according to the central tenet of storytelling, the language is celebrated.” They also praise Silko for their sense of humor and keen eye for where “the profound and the mundane often run together in our daily lives.” They close noting the importance of the distinction of a storyteller and writes, “If [Silko] is not yet a storyteller, they promise to become one.” When Storyteller was republished in 2012 under Penguin, the New York Times placed Storyteller on its Sunday Book Review Paperback Row.
When first published in 1981, it made the Los Angeles Times “Notable" books list. It was also made a "Noteworthy" paperback book by Alex Raksin in the Los Angeles Times in 1987. When it was reissued in 1989 through Arcade Publishing, Storyteller made the "Fiction Best Sellers" list for Southern California in the LA Times.
Previously published
Some of Silko's poems and short stories in Storyteller were also published in other contexts and anthologies. The list of these publications is supplied within the Penguin version as follows:
American Literature: Themes and Writers (third edition)
Chicago Review
Fiction's Journey: 50 Stories
Focus on America
Rocky Mountain Magazine
Series E, Macmillan English
Sight and Insight: Steps in the Writing Process
The Best American Short Stories 1975
The Ethnic American Woman: Problems, Protests, Lifestyle
The Man to Send Rain Clouds
The Remembered Earth: An Anthology of Contemporary Native American Literature
The Third Woman
200 Years of Great American Short Stories
Voices of the Rainbow
Further reading
Storyteller has received several critical studies including:
Leslie Marmon Silko: A Collection of Critical Essays by Louise K. Barnett, James L. Thorson. See the articles by Linda Krumholz ("Native Designs: Silko's Storyteller and the Reader's Initiation"), Helen Jaskoski ("To Tell a Good Story"), and Elizabeth McHenry ("Spinning a Fiction of Culture: Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller").
See chapter 1 of Learning to Write "Indian": The Boarding-School Experience and American Indian Literature by Amelia V. Katanski.
"'The Way I Heard It': Autobiography, Tricksters, and Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller." By: Domina, Lynn; Studies in American Indian Literatures', 2007 Fall; 19 (3): 45–67.
"Storyteller: Leslie Marmon Silko's Reapproriation of Native American History and Identity." By: Carsten, Cynthia; Wíčazo Ša Review, 2006 Fall; 21 (2): 105–26.
"Improvisations on the Genre: Maxine Hong Kingston's and Leslie Marmon Silko's (Auto)Biographical Writings." By: Ziarkowska, Joanna; Americana: E-Journal of American Studies in Hungary, 2006 Spring; 2 (1): [no pagination].
"Narrative Power in Native American Fiction: Reflections on Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller (1981)." By: Johansen, Ib; p.o.v: A Danish Journal of Film Studies, 2004 Dec; 18: 78–88.
"American Indian Literature and Eco-Vision: A Case Study of Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller." By: Kang, Ja Mo; Journal of English Language and Literature/Yongo Yongmunhak, 2001; 47 (2): 527–48.
"The Silence of the Bears: Leslie Marmon Silko's Writerly Act of Spiritual Storytelling." By: Fitz, Brewster E.. IN: Iftekharrudin, Boyden, Rohrberger, and Claudet, The Postmodern Short Story: Forms and Issues. Westport, CT: Praeger; 2003. pp. 77–85.
"Legal Hunger: Law, Narrative, and Orality in Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller and Almanac of the Dead." By: Karno, Valerie; College Literature, 2001 Winter; 28 (1): 29–45.
"Death and the Power of Words in Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller." By: Pellérin, Simone. IN: Castillo and Da Rosa, Native American Women in Literature and Culture. Porto, Portugal: Fernando Pessoa UP; 1997. pp. 119–26.
"Storyteller: Revising the Narrative Schematic." By: Hernandez, Dharma Thornton; Pacific Coast Philology, 1996; 31 (1): 54–67.
"Mother-Daughter Relationships as Epistemological Structures: Leslie Marmon Silko's Almanac of the Dead and Storyteller." By: Evans, Charlene Taylor. IN: Brown-Guillory, Elizabeth (ed.) Women of Color: Mother-Daughter Relationships in 20th Century Literature. Austin: U of Texas P; 1996. pp. 172–87.
"Laughing, Crying, Surviving: The Pragmatic Politics of Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller." By: Browdy de Hernandez, Jennifer; A/B: Auto/Biography Studies, 1994 Spring; 9 (1): 18–42.
"'To Understand This World Differently': Reading and Subversion in Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller." By: Krumholz, Linda J.; ARIEL: A Review of International English Literature, 1994 Jan; 25 (1): 89-113.
"Storyteller as Hopi Basket." By: Langen, Toby C. S.; Studies in American Indian Literatures: The Journal of the Association for the Study of American Indian Literatures, 1993 Spring; 5 (1): 7-24.
"The Web of Meaning: Naming the Absent Mother in Storyteller." By: Jones, Patricia. IN: Graulich, Melody (ed.) Leslie Marmon Silko, "Yellow Woman". New Brunswick, NJ: Rutgers UP; 1993. pp. 213–32.
"The Other Story of Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller." By: Lorenz, Paul H.; South Central Review, 1991 Winter; 8 (4): 59–75.
"The Dialogic of Silko's Storyteller." By: Krupat, Arnold. IN: Vizenor, Gerald (ed.) Narrative Chance: Postmodern Discourse on Native American Indian Literatures. Albuquerque: U of New Mexico P; 1989. pp. 55–68.
"Yellow Woman, Old and New: Oral Tradition and Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller." By: Thompson, Joan; The Wíčazo Ša Review, 1989 Fall; 5 (2): 22–25.
"'The telling which continues': Oral Tradition and the Written Word in Leslie Marmon Silko's Storyteller." By: Hirsch, Bernard A.; American Indian Quarterly'', 1988 Winter; 12 (1): 1-26.
References
American short story collections
Works by Leslie Marmon Silko
1981 short story collections
Native American short story collections
Paweł Dembowski (pseudonym "Ausir") (born April 23, 1983 in Głogów) is a Polish translator, publisher, political activist, and two-time winner of Śląkfa.
Biography
Dembowski lives in Wrocław, where they graduated in English studies at the Faculty of Philology of the University of Wroclaw. Their master's thesis concerned the English translations of the novel Solaris by Stanisław Lem. They have translated works by Ian Watson, Robert Shearman, Ken Liu, William H. Keith Jr., Evan Currie, Kelly Robson, Naomi Novik, Greg van Eekhout, Agnieszka Dale, Matthew Mather, and Ann Druyan as well as various computer games and films.
 They are the founder of The Vault, a wiki dedicated to the Fallout series of video games, launched in 2005. They were the winner of the 2009 Śląkfa Award (the oldest science fiction award in Poland) in the Fan of the Year category. They were one of the founders of BookRage, a Polish e-book publishing company, for which they were awarded a second Śląkfa Award in the Publisher of the Year category in 2013.
They had been a member of the Razem political party since its founding in 2015 till August 2018. They ran in the 2015 parliamentary election in Poland as one of the party's candidates in Wrocław. Between May 2016 and June 2017, they were a member of the party's audit committee. In 2017, they were a member of the party's National Council. They left the party in August 2018.
References
University of Wrocław alumni
1983 births
People from Głogów
Polish translators
Left Together politicians
Living people
Gnathia marleyi is a species of crustacean in the family Gnathiidae. It is named after reggae musician Bob Marley. It is a parasite that infests and feeds on the blood of such fish as the French grunt (Haemulon flavioliniatum). This tiny species is only found in the Caribbean Sea. It only eats while in the juvenile stage. It can be found hiding among sea sponges, algae, and pieces of dead coral.
Description
The cephalosome of adult male specimens has a distinct produced frontal border with conical superior fronto-lateral processes with a slightly sunken inferior conical medio-frontal process. The dentate blades of the mandibles each contain ten or eleven processes, with the overall mandible being .8 times the length of the cephalasome. The cephalosome of adult females is rectangular with convex lateral margins. It is 1.2 times as wide as it is long, and has no paraocular ornamentation. The frontal border is broadly rounded, slightly concave anteriorly, and produced. The backward-directed mandible on the third-stage praniza has eight large triangular teeth and two small teeth at the tip.
Distribution and habitat
This species is only found in the Caribbean Sea, where it is abundant. It lives in the shallow waters of coral reefs, primarily in the eastern Caribbean.
Behaviour
Gnathia marleyi is a protelian parasite quite similar ecologically to non-marine, blood-sucking ticks and mosquitoes. This species remains hidden among sponges, algae, and debris on the sea floor. It has the ability to attack fish by surprise. Once attached to the fish, it feeds on its blood, lymph or mucus. It does this only during the juvenile stage. After reaching maturity, it ceases to feed and becomes a free-living, benthic organism. It survives on the blood it has consumed until the time of its death. During this period, believed to be about two to three weeks, it seeks to reproduce.
Sensory cues
In a study to determine sensory cues used by Gnathia marleyi, field experiments were conducted in the Virgin Islands. From June 2008 through August 2010, marine biologists examined cues used by this species to help locate host fish. They used experimental traps which offered both olfactory and visual cues to the parasite from live French grunts (Haemulon flavioliniatum). It was determined that a substantially higher number of gnathiids were attracted to the traps than when only visual cues or control traps were used. Both the traps using visual cues and the control traps, which were empty or contained only a rock, yielded similar results.
Findings of the study suggest that, particularly during nocturnal and crepuscular periods, attempting to attract specimens using only visual cues by resting or slow-moving fish is not enough to attract Gnathia marleyi. However, using only olfactory cues will attract this species. As a side benefit, the traps engineered for use in this study provide a new method that can be used to sample free-living gnathiid isopods.
Discovery and naming
The species was discovered by field marine biologist Paul Sikkel around 2002 in the U.S. Virgin Islands. It was the first new Caribbean species of Gnathiidae to be discovered in over twenty years. Sikkel and others are doing research into the relationships between gnathiid populations and the health of other communities of species living within the coral reef. Charon Farquharson of the University of Johannesburg in South Africa and Smit are both part of the research team. Their work is funded in part by the National Science Foundation (NSF).
Preserved Gnathia marleyi specimens will be permanently kept at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City. An exhibit to publicly feature this species at the museum is under discussion.
See also
List of organisms named after famous people (born 1900–1949)
References
External links
Close-up image of Gnathia marleyi
Numerous Gnathia marleyi specimens
Image of infested French grunt
Cymothoida
Crustaceans described in 2012
Bob Marley
Hal Salwen is an American film director, producer, and writer. Their films have received numerous awards and nominations, with Denise Calls Up notable for being the only American film to win an award at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival. With the premiere of their second film, "His & Hers", at the 1997 Sundance Film Festival, Salwen was named by Daily Variety as one of its "Top Ten Filmmakers To Watch" along with Mary Harron, Wes Anderson, and Alfonso Cuaron, among others.
Biography
Based on a short student film, The Telephone, which they made while attending NYU Film School, Salwen was accepted into the American Film Institute's Director's Internship Program under the co-sponsorship of The American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences where they were placed to observe Sylvester Stallone direct Staying Alive. Following that experience (which they said did not heavily influence their directing style) Salwen began a career in television commercials in New York City, working in various capacities, from production assistant to producer, while simultaneously writing original screenplays on spec.
Although two of those scripts—Deadly Surveillance and Probable Cause—eventually found their way into production as made-for-cable movies for the Showtime Network, many remained unproduced. One in particular, Girls Talk, about three girls sharing an apartment in NYC that get an anonymous phone message from a woman claiming to be seeing one of their boyfriends, was optioned to Disney in a six-figure deal and later referenced in John Gregory Dunne's book, Monster: Living Off The Big Screen, as being among several projects Dunne had been offered to rewrite. This is of note as Salwen's first feature film, Denise Calls Up (along with the subject of their first student short) also deals with the results of technological interference on human relationships. Salwen explained how they came up with the idea:
"Denise Calls Up came to me during a time when I was frantically writing screenplays on spec—and anybody who has ever done it knows how tough and how isolating it is to be a freelancer. Now and then, I would call and talk to an old friend of mine over the phone as a break when my fingers would get tired. We'd talk about everything that had been going on in their life—he'd been in love, out of love, he'd changed careers, gone back to school—and then one day I was invited to a party in Brooklyn. When we finally met, I realized I hadn't actually seen them in three years. I went home and started playing with the idea of what it would be like if all the major events in a particular group of friend's lives happened between people who never met."Sony Pictures Classics site
It took Salwen approximately three-and-a-half years to get Denise Calls Up made. The film was critically acclaimed in the US where it was picked up for distribution by Sony Pictures Classics, as well as Internationally where it was distributed by Alliance International to more than twenty countries. It was financially successful in many foreign territories, particularly in France, but was a box office disappointment in the U.S.
In 1997 Salwen was named by Daily Variety as one of its "Top Ten Filmmakers To Watch" along with Mary Harron, Wes Anderson and Alfonso Cuaron, among others. Salwen's films have received numerous awards and nominations, with Theirs and Hers (1997), premiering at the Sundance Film Festival, and Duane Incarnate premiering at the Tribeca Film Festival, as well as the Deauville Film Festival where it was nominated for the Grand Special Prize. Denise Calls Up was nominated for eight awards across five international film festivals, winning six, and notable for being the only American film to win an award at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival.
Films
Deadly Surveillance (1991) (TV Movie, as co-writer only)
Probable Cause (1994) (TV Movie, writer only)
Denise Calls Up (1995)
Their & Hers (1997)
Duane Incarnate (2008)
References
External links
Sony Classics' biography of Hal Salwen
Variety's reviews of their films
American film directors
American male screenwriters
Living people
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ahmadreza Abedzadeh (, born 25 May 1966) is an Iranian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. They played for Esteghlal, Sepahan, Persepolis and the Iranian national team. They made 79 appearances for Iran, and played for their country at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Club career
Abedzadeh had an unbeaten record in the Tehran derby with 13 matches, 7 wins and 6 draws. While playing for Persepolis, they went 802 consecutive minutes without conceding a goal.
International career
Abedzadeh was called up at the age of 18 for the Iran national under-20 football team in 1984. After their good shows, they were invited to the senior team in 1987 by then-manager Parviz Dehdari. Abedzadeh made their debut in the match against Kuwait on 27 February 1987, in which they conceded a goal in a 2–1 victory. They started in the 1990 Asian Games, where they won the gold medal after defeating North Korea in the final and Abedzadeh saved two penalties. At the tournament, they conceded only two goals which were both scored from penalty kicks.
Iran defeated Australia in the FIFA World Cup qualification play-offs to reach 1998 FIFA World Cup, their second participation in the World Cup and first since 1978. They missed the first match at the World Cup against Yugoslavia due to injury, then captained Iran at the next two matches against the United States and Germany. Iran finished third at their group and Abedzadeh announced their retirement from international football after the final match.
Post-playing career
Abedzadeh suffered a stroke in 2001 and that was the point in which they let go of professional football. They were released some weeks later, but required a number of surgeries after, and even to this day, has side effects from their stroke. Abedzadeh suffered again on 11 March 2007 when their mother died.
They have also been the goalkeeping coach for many clubs after retiring from playing football. They coached Saipa in 2001, Esteghlal Ahvaz in 2005, Persepolis from 2008 to 2009, Steel Azin in 2010 and Los Angeles Blues from 2011 to 2012.
Legacy
Dubbed the Eagle of Asia for their ability to protect the net, Abedzadeh's international career stretched for 11 years. In 2009, they were named in a poll as Iran's favorite player of last 30 years. Their goalkeeping legacy in Iran is rivaled only by Nasser Hejazi.
Personal life
Abedzadeh married in 1988 and has one daughter, Negar, and one son, Amir, who is also a goalkeeper and plays for SD Ponferradina and the Iran national team. Abedzadeh also runs a restaurant in Motelghoo, one of the cities of Northern Iran.
Honours
Club
Esteghlal
Iranian Football League: 1989–90
Asian Club Championship: 1990–91, runner-up: 1991
Persepolis
Iranian Football League: 1995–96, 1996–97, 1998–99, 1999–2000
Hazfi Cup: 1998–99
National
Iran
Asian Games Gold Medal: 1990
References
External links
RSSSF archive of Ahmad Reza Abedzadeh's international appearances
1966 births
Iranian footballers
Iran international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
1988 AFC Asian Cup players
1992 AFC Asian Cup players
1996 AFC Asian Cup players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
Esteghlal F.C. players
Sepahan S.C. footballers
Persepolis F.C. players
Persepolis F.C. non-playing staff
People from Abadan, Iran
Living people
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1990 Asian Games
Iranian restaurateurs
Association football goalkeeping coaches
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Sportspeople from Khuzestan province
Museo Mural Diego Rivera is a museum in Mexico City where Diego Rivera's 1946–47 mural Sueño de una Tarde Dominical en la Alameda Central is located.
Location
It is located at Balderas Avenue number 202, in the historic center of Mexico City.
Objective
It is the goal of the museum to preserve and disseminate Diego Rivera's artistic work, as well as organize temporary exhibits and conferences and events, talks, concerts and other art activities.
History
The museum was built in 1986 as a space to exhibit Diego Rivera's 1946–47 mural Sueño de una tarde dominical en la Alameda Central (Dream of a Sunday Afternoon in the Alameda Central). It had previously been housed at the Hotel del Prado, which was severely damaged in the 1985 Mexico City earthquake.
In order to transport the mural from the hotel, the wall that supported it was cut; later, a metal structure was used to support its 15-ton weight, still preserved to date. The museum's building and its facilities were built around the mural, after it was placed at its current location. The museum was inaugurated on February 19, 1988.
Management
The museum is administered by the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes y Literatura (INBAL, Spanish: National Institute of Fine Arts and Literature), which in turn is funded by the federal government.
The mural
In 1946, architect Carlos Obregón Santacilia asked Diego Rivera to create a mural for the Hotel del Prado's Versalles dining room. The subject for the mural was the Alameda Central, which was across the street from the hotel. The artist made a fresco of 4.70 x 15.6 m. It was finished in 1947. The mural shows more than 150 figures, some of them leading characters the history of Mexico: Hernán Cortés, Benito Juárez, Maximiliano de Habsburgo, Francisco I. Madero, Porfirio Díaz. In addition, individuals from different social classes appear, including street vendors and revolutionaries. It also shows Frida Kahlo and other wives of the artist, as well as some of their daughters; the Alameda Central itself can be seen in the background.
The painter said: "[The mural] is composed of memories of my life, my childhood and my youth and goes from 1895 to 1910. All the characters are dreaming, some asleep on benches and others, walking and talking ":
Exhibits to date
Previous exhibits:
See also
Museo Anahuacalli
Museo Dolores Olmedo Patiño
Frida Kahlo Museum
Pinacoteca Diego Rivera
Museo Casa Estudio Diego Rivera y Frida Kahlo
List of single-artist museums
References
External links
Página web del Museo Mural Diego Rivera
Art museums and galleries in Mexico
Biographical museums in Mexico
Historic center of Mexico City
Museums devoted to one artist
Murals in Mexico
Infante Antonio, Duke of Galliera (Antonio Maria Luis Felipe Juan Florencio de Orleans y Borbón; 23 February 1866 – 24 December 1930), was a member of the Spanish and French royal families. They were the son of Antoine d'Orléans, Duke of Montpensier, and Infanta Luisa Fernanda of Spain. Infante Antonio was a grandson of King Louis Philippe I of France on their father's side and King Ferdinand VII of Spain on their mother's side.
Early life
Antonio was the only surviving son of Prince Antoine of Orléans, Duke of Montpensier, and their wife Infanta Luisa Fernanda of Spain. Through their father, they were a grandson of King Louis Philippe of the French and their wife Princess Maria Amalia of the Two Sicilies. Through their mother, they were a grandson of King Ferdinand VII of Spain and their wife Princess Maria Christina of the Two Sicilies.
Antonio was born in Seville, shortly before the end of the reign of their aunt Queen Isabella II of Spain. Due to the Glorious Revolution of 1868 which chased their family from Spain, they spent most of their childhood abroad. Yet their ambitious and liberal father Antoine, Duke of Montpensier, had some relations with the revolutionaries who forced them to flee their country of adoption. In fact, the uprising was prepared with their money and they hoped to be elected king in exchange. However, the attempt failed and the banishment of the House of Orléans was confirmed by the Spanish interim government.
In December 1874, the coup of General Arsenio Martínez Campos allowed for the restoration of the Spanish monarchy and the young Alfonso XII was made king following the renunciation of their mother. A few months later, the Orléans were pardoned and Antonio went to live with their family in Seville in Palacio San Telmo. In 1878, King Alfonso XII married Antonio's older sister Mercedes, and the reconciliation of the Spanish Orléans and Bourbons was complete.
Marriage
On 6 March 1886 in Madrid, Antonio married their cousin Infanta Eulalia of Spain, the daughter of Queen Isabella II of Spain and their husband Francis, Duke of Cádiz.
Antonio and Eulalia had two children:
Alfonso, Infante of Spain and 5th Duke of Galliera (1886–1975);
Luis Fernando, Infante of Spain (1888–1945);
Antonio's marriage gave them the opportunity to play some official role in the court in Madrid. In 1892, they participated in their wife's trip to Cuba and the United States for the celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus. Antonio, however, was fickle and extravagant, while their wife was a strong and cultured woman who refused to bear the humiliations caused by their husband. They separated shortly after they returned to Spain from the United States. On 31 May 1901, they signed a legal separation before the Spanish Consul General in Paris.
Duke of Galliera
In 1895, King Umberto I of Italy recognised Antonio as the heir of the title Duke of Galliera. The legitimate heir of the title, Philipp la Renotière von Ferrary (1850–1917) refused to use it and Antonio brought forward their relations with the family of the last Duchess of Galliera, Maria of Brignole-Sale (1812–1888) to obtain the title.
In 1900, Antonio met Marie-Louise Le Manac'h (1869–1949), widow of Simon Guggenheim (a Parisian business person died in 1900, namesake of the American millionaire Simon Guggenheim), at the Savoy Hotel in London. Immediately seduced by the young Breton, Antonio began a new love affair, public in London, Paris and Seville. However, they could not remain faithful even to their mistress, and in 1906 they grew weary of the woman they had gradually introduced in the high society. Antonio was not able to come out of this relationship completely unharmed since their mistress, furious at being dismissed, broke a few of their teeth by hitting them with their umbrella.
Throughout these years, Antonio lived an expensive lifestyle and squandered the family fortune while their ex-wife lived in relative poverty. In 1919, their excessive spending forced them to sell their land in their Italian duchy.
Antonio died in comparative poverty in Paris in 1930. Their remains were transferred to the Pantheon of the Princes in El Escorial.
Arms
Ancestry
Notes
|-
1866 births
1930 deaths
Princes of France (Orléans)
Spanish infantes
House of Orléans-Galliera
Dukes of Galliera
Burials in the Pantheon of Infantes at El Escorial
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Spain
Knights of the Order of Montesa
The 29th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held at the Department of Commerce auditorium in Washington, District of Columbia on May 17, 1956, sponsored by the E.W. Scripps Company.(11 May 1956). 63 Young Champions Entered In National Spelling Contest, Wilmington Star-News
The winner was 13-year-old Melody Sachko of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, correctly spelling the word "condominium". Second place went to Sandra Owen, a 13-year-old from Justus, Ohio, who failed to spell "afflatus". Third-place was taken by Ann Malone Warren, 13, from Monticello, Georgia, and fourth went to Karin Carter, 12, of San Francisco, California.
There were 63 spellers this year, and boys (34) outnumbered girls (29) for the first time. Three spellers were return contestants, including Sachko, who had placed 6th in 1954. 632 words were used, and Bee took eight hours to complete.
The first place award was $1,000, doubled from the previous year, with $500 for second place and $250 for third. The next five each received $100, the next ten $50, and the remaining 45 spellers $25 each.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1956 in Washington, D.C.
1956 in education
1956 awards
May 1956 events in the United States
A special election was held in Georgia's 24th state senate district on June 19, 2007, to replace State Senator Jim Whitehead, who resigned from the seat to run for US Congress in Georgia's 10th congressional district's special election. Four candidates qualified for the election. The election was won by Bill Jackson who received over 62% of the vote.
Results
References
State Senate
Marc Judith (born January 19, 1987) is a French professional basketball player for Orléans Loiret Basket of LNB Pro B.
In 2011–12, Judith averaged 7.3 points, 3.4 rebounds and 2.2 assists per game for JSF Nanterre. After the season they extended their contract. In the 2014–15 season they posted 2.6 points and 2.1 rebounds per game with Nanterre. Judith signed with JDA Dijon in July 2015. Judith averaged 4 points and 1.8 rebounds per game in 2016–17. In June 2017 they signed a two-year deal with Orléans Loiret Basket.
References
1987 births
Living people
French men's basketball players
Guadeloupean men's basketball players
JDA Dijon Basket players
Nanterre 92 players
Orléans Loiret Basket players
People from Saint-Claude, Guadeloupe
Small forwards
The 20th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 20වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1991 Sinhala cinema on April 11, 1992, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. Their Excellency The President Ranasinghe Premadasa was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Kelimadala won the most awards with thirteen including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1992 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
SCBC may refer to:
Somerville College Boat Club
Selwyn College Boat Club
South Carolina Baptist Convention
Sudan Catholic Bishops' Conference
Supreme Court of British Columbia
ICAO code for Cacique Blanco Airport
Gustaf Vilhelm Carlberg (5 April 1880 – 1 October 1970) was a Swedish Army officer and sports shooter. They competed at the 1908, 1912 and 1924 Olympics and won three gold and four silver. With three gold and two silver medals they were the most successful athlete at the 1912 Olympics. In 1913, they won two medals at the ISSF World Shooting Championships. Their twin brother Eric competed alongside Gustaf at all those four Olympics.
Vilhelm and Eric were the youngest of four children of a veterinarian, who died when they were 12 years old. The twins became military officers in 1901 and retired in the rank of major. In 1911 they became physical education instructors. Besides shooting, Vilhelm was a keen gymnast, who took part in the exhibition at the 1906 Olympics and helped to organize gymnastics events at the 1912 Games. In 1921 Vilhelm married the singer Elsa Reuter.
References
1880 births
1970 deaths
Swedish Army officers
Twin people from Sweden
People from Karlskrona
Swedish male sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
ISSF pistol shooters
Shooters at the 1906 Intercalated Games
Shooters at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of Sweden
Olympic gold medalists for Sweden
Olympic silver medalists for Sweden
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1906 Intercalated Games
Medalists at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Blekinge County
Decker Glacier () is a steep, narrow glacier that drains the northeast slopes of Mount Newall in the Asgard Range, Victoria Land. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Chief Aviation Machinist's Mate William D. Decker, U.S. Navy, of Squadron VXE-6, who died at McMurdo Station on October 11, 1971.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of the Asgard Range
Glaciers of McMurdo Dry Valleys
Herman I of Baden (c. 1040 – April 25, 1074 in Cluny) was the titular Margrave of Verona and the ancestor of the line of Margraves of Baden.
Life
Herman was born in Freiburg im Breisgau as the eldest son of Berthold I of Zähringen. They married Judit of Backnang-Sulichgau, Countess of Eberstein-Calw, who was the founder of Hirsau Abbey. From her, they obtained the right to Baden, which later became the core of the family dominions. Among those lands were the Frankish Albgau and Ufgau.
They and their wife founded the Augustinian monastery of Backnang Abbey. It quickly became dilapidated, and it was rebuilt by their son in 1123. Subsequently, the monastery was the resting place for five generations of the Margraves of Baden.
When Herman's father became Duke of Carinthia in 1061, Herman received the courtesy title of Margrave of Verona. While they never ruled in Verona, a dependency of Carinthia, the margravial title was to remain with their descendants. They were also count of the Breisgau.
In 1073, they separated from their wife, took monastic vows, and became a lay brother in Cluny Abbey, where they died.  They are celebrated in the Catholic Church on April 25.
Herman and Judit had the following children:
Hermann II (d. October 8, 1130)
Luitgard
Sources
Margraves of Baden
House of Zähringen
1040s births
1074 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Burials at Cluny Abbey
Ed West may refer to:
Ed West (American football) (born 1961), American football tight end
Ed West (fighter) (born 1983), American mixed martial artist
Ed West (journalist), British journalist
Theresa J. Kaijage (born 1947) is a social worker who advocates for those infected with HIV/AIDS in Tanzania. Kaijage works to raise awareness about the disease and tries to assuage the negative social implications that accompany the diagnosis of HIV/AIDS in Africa.Theresia Kaijage is also the founder and director of the Tanzanian non-governmental organization, WAMATA, which educates and provides counseling services to those with HIV/AIDS.
Education and career
At the University of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, Kaijage received a Bachelor of Arts in education in 1978. They then went on to receive a master's degree in Social work from Washington University in St. Louis in 1985. In 2004, Kaijage got their PhD in Social Work and Masters of Public Health from the University of Pittsburgh.
Kaijage began their career as a school teacher in Tanzania and from there they became a Fulbright Scholar. After losing many friends and family members to HIV/AIDS, Kaijage saw a trend in the familial and social ostracism that accompanied the grim diagnosis. It was then that the vision of WAMATA emerged. Kaijage now dedicates their life to those with HIV/AIDS. They became a vital component in the battle to educate and trying to reduce the spread of HIV/AIDS in Africa. Kaijage was especially important during the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) summit. During the UNAIDS summit, Kaijage proposed that mothers who are HIV positive should not breastfeed, but they should find alternate methods of feeding their infant. This caused great stir among the world health leaders who advocate that breastfeeding is the best way to feed infants in developing nations, even if the mother is HIV positive. This did not resonate well with Kaijage and they tried very hard to change this. In 1997, UNICEF and the WHO changed the guidelines on breastfeeding. Now mothers with HIV should avoid breastfeeding only when alternate means of nourishing the infant is acceptable, feasible, safe, affordable and sustainable.
WAMATA
WAMATA is a Swahili acronym for the phrase "Walio Katika Mapambano Na AIDS Tanzania" which means "People in the fight against AIDS in Tanzania". Kaijage opened their home to a young woman, infected with HIV and their child who was not infected. Kaijage observed that breastfeeding took a lot of energy from the mother; they would get out of breath and pass out. Kaijage would frequently have to rush them to the emergency room. Kaijage and the mother they took in sought out alternatives to breast milk. After the mother stopped breastfeeding, they became much healthier. They had more energy; they thrived and the baby thrived. This is what catalyzed Kaijage to invest all of their energy into WAMATA. A main goal of WAMATA is to empower women with their reproductive rights, as well as to provide information on mother-to-child transmission of HIV. Through counselling sessions offered by WAMATA, infected women learn about the risks of breastfeeding and alternative feeding methods, such as spoon feeding beans and juices, to ensure the long-lasting health of the child. With WAMATA, Kaijage seeks to "break down the barriers in health care by bringing AIDS care to the homes of those unable to leave their beds." Kaijage does not only want to combat the spread of HIV/AIDS locally, but globally. The organization has received funding from the Clinton Foundation and the Global Fund in order to reach greater lengths and depths.
References
External links
http://www.wamatatz.org/
http://www.unaids.org/en/
Health in Tanzania
Living people
HIV/AIDS researchers
1947 births
The Château de Romécourt is located in Azoudange in Moselle, and in the Lorraine Regional Natural Park () in the middle of the forest and the lakes of Sarrebourg. The castle has been registered in the French list of historical monuments since December 28, 1976.
Construction
The castle was built by Michel l'Enfant in 1564. It was then completed in the 17th and 19th centuries by the addition of stables and chapel.
Architecture
The façades, the well and roofs of the château are registered in the French list of historical monuments.
The buildings are made of bricks. Inspired by the Renaissance, the façade displays diamond shapes. The access is guarded by two doors "French" and "German" built in stone.
Park and forests
The lands of Romécourt include of forests, fields and nature.
See also
List of châteaux in Lorraine
References
Châteaux in Moselle (department)
Berkheide is a 1700 ha. large dunal area on the Dutch North Sea coast between Scheveningen and Katwijk. It lies largely in the municipality of Wassenaar, South Holland and forms together with the area Meijendel the Natura 2000 area Meijendel & Berkheide. It is part of the Hollands Duin management unit (for owner Staatsbosbeheer). Berkheide is also the name of former village that was located in the area for several hundred years.
Landforms of South Holland
American Red Cross Volunteer Life Saving Corps Station is a national historic site located at 2 Ocean Front North, Jacksonville Beach, Florida in Duval County. The building, constructed in 1947, is an example in the Art Modeme Style of local architect Jefferson Davis Powell.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 5, 2014.
Background
In Jacksonville, the American Red Cross Volunteer Life Saving Corps (ARCVLSC) is a non-profit organization made up of volunteer lifeguards. It is a division of the American Red Cross, which provides volunteer lifeguards to Jacksonville beaches and internationally through Lifeguards Without Borders.
In the summer of 1912, Lyman G. Haskell, a medical doctor in Jacksonville who also worked as the Physical Director of the YMCA, and Clarence H. MacDonald, Playground Director for the City of Jacksonville, conceptualized and founded a corps affiliated with the United States Volunteer Life Saving Corps at what was then called Pablo Beach, Florida. These men became the first Medical Officer and Captain, respectively. In 1914, the seventeen charter members of the Corps became part of the American Red Cross's national water safety program as the American Red Cross Volunteer Life Saving Corps, Coast Guard Division #1.
The ARCVLSC volunteer ranks include more than 120 active members and hundreds of alumni of the Corps. In its 106 years of service, members of the Corps have recorded 1,430 lifesaving rescues, 1,753 assists to swimmers in distress, and more than 25,000 first aid cases ranging from jellyfish stings to broken limbs.
This service to the community has been accomplished through almost 1,300,000 hours of volunteer service by the 4,000 members and alumni of the Volunteer Life Saving Corps. However, 102 years after its founding, the Jacksonville Beach volunteer corps is the last of its kind in the country. The Life Saving Corps Station is listed in the National Register of Historic Places Program.
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Duval County, Florida
Art Moderne architecture
American Red Cross
Buildings and structures completed in 1947
Life-Saving Service stations on the National Register of Historic Places
Non-profit organizations based in Florida
Sultan's Maze was first released in the United Kingdom in 1983 by Gem Software and then in 1984 in Spain and the UK by Amsoft. The game was included in the game packs that came with the computer when purchasing an Amstrad CPC 464.
Gameplay
The game starts with the legend that the Sultan was visiting Hampton Court and was robbed of their jewels while in the maze. Their bodyguard tried to recover them but was murdered by the group of thieves. In the present day setting of the game, the player must enter the maze and recover the jewels bringing them back outside. Aside from making it through the maze without getting lost or tired the player must also be on the lookout for the ghost of the Sultan's bodyguard.
References
1983 video games
Amstrad CPC games
Dragon 32 games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Mount Touring Club () is a small snow-capped peak near the extremity of a spur that descends southwestward from Mount Peary, on the west side of Graham Land. Discovered and named "Sommet du Touring Club" by the French Antarctic Expedition (1908–10) under Dr. Jean-Baptiste Charcot. A party from the expedition hiked along the southern side of this feature in the course of charting the area.
Mountains of Graham Land
Danco Coast
Edwill van Aarde is a television and radio broadcaster in South Africa.  They are also a sports commentator.  They are the presenter and commentator with the longest uninterrupted service at any broadcaster in South Africa, 50 years (in 2011).
Personal life
Van Aarde was born on 20 December 1938 in Kimberley, South Africa.
They grew up in Boetsap. They attended Vaalharts Primary school and Diamantveld High School, where they matriculated in 1957.  They are married to Piena Margeretha Forbes Ochse.
Sports commentary
They broadcast 517 cricket games, 134 Rugby matches, 12 Comrades marathons, and 5 Wimbledon men's tennis finals.
Radio
They presented the radio program Afrikaans treffers, which translated means "the biggest hits in South Africa". This was a music program which played the biggest hits from all over the world. This program was 40 years old in 2015.
Television
Van Aarde was the presenter of Flink Dink ("Fast Thinking”), a general knowledge quiz program. They were later also the organiser and researcher of the program.
Attack
They were attacked in their home in Krugersdorp on 29 March 2010. They survived the attack.
References
1938 births
Living people
People from Kimberley, Northern Cape
South African cricket commentators
South African broadcasters
South African television presenters
USS Caney (AO-95) was an acquired by the United States Navy for use during World War II. They had the dangerous but necessary task of providing fuel to vessels in combat and non-combat areas. They served in the Pacific Ocean Theatre of operations late in the war, and returned home with two battle stars.
Caney was launched on 8 October 1944 by Marinship Corp., Sausalito, California, under a Maritime Commission contract; sponsored by Mrs. J. L. Simpson; acquired by the Navy on 25 March 1945, and commissioned the same day and reported to the Pacific Fleet.
World War II Pacific Theatre operations
Caney sailed from San Pedro, California, on 12 May 1945 for Ulithi, the base from which they operated while fueling ships serving on radar picket and patrol duties at Okinawa. From 3 July through the end of the war, they steamed with the logistic group supporting task force TF 38 in its bombardments and air strikes pounding the Japanese home islands.
End-of-war activity
The oiler remained off Okinawa serving ships engaged in occupation duty until 16 November, when they got underway for San Francisco, California, and Galveston, Texas. Caney was decommissioned on 27 February 1946 at Beaumont, Texas, and delivered to the War Shipping Administration the same day.
Service under MSTS
Reacquired by the Navy in February 1948, they were transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service on 18 July 1950, where they served as USNS Caney (T-AO-95) in a noncommissioned status with a civilian crew.
Caney was placed out of service and struck from the Naval Register on 21 May 1959. They were then transferred to MARAD for lay up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Mobile, Alabama.
Service under the U.S. Army
Caney was acquired by the United States Army in 1966 and converted at Bender Shipbuilding and Repair Co., Mobile, Alabama, into a floating power station for Vietnam service.
Fate
They were sold for scrapping on 9 September 1974, at Vung Tau, South Vietnam.
Awards
Caney received two battle stars for World War II service.
References
External links
Navsource USS Caney (AO-95)
Escambia-class oilers
Type T2-SE-A2 tankers of the United States Navy
Ships built in Sausalito, California
1944 ships
World War II tankers of the United States
Stoliczka is a genus of Pakistani nursery web spiders that was first described by Octavius Pickard-Cambridge in 1885. it contains only two species, found only in Pakistan: S. affinis and S. insignis.
See also
List of Pisauridae species
References
Araneomorphae genera
Pisauridae
Spiders of Asia
Taxa named by Octavius Pickard-Cambridge
Saša Varga (; born 19 February 1993) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Austrian club FCM Traiskirchen.
Career
Varga started out at Rad, making their Serbian SuperLiga debut in 2011. They later played for Slovenian clubs Brda and Radomlje. In January 2020, Varga returned to Serbia and signed with Javor Ivanjica.
Personal life
Born in Liège, Belgium, Varga is the son of fellow footballer Zvonko Varga.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Footballers from Liège
Belgian footballers
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Austria
FK Rad players
FK Palić players
FK BASK players
FK Teleoptik players
FC Jumilla players
FK Bežanija players
FK Sinđelić Beograd players
NK Brda players
NK Radomlje players
FK Javor Ivanjica players
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serbian First League players
Segunda División B players
Slovenian Second League players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Belgian people of Serbian descent
Belgian expatriate footballers
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Nonoava is a town and seat of the municipality of Nonoava, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2010, the town of Nonoava had a population of 1,272, up from 1,209 as of 2005. The settlement was founded on the right bank of the Nonoava River in 1676 by the Jesuit missionary Francis Artuaga, and named Nuestra Señora de Montserrat de Nonoava.
References
Populated places in Chihuahua (state)
Wijesinghe Herath Mudiyanselage Dharmasena (born 7 July 1955) is a Sri Lankan politician, former provincial councillor and Member of Parliament.
Dharmasena was born on 7 July 1955 in Okkampitiya in Monaragala District.  They are a business person.
Dharmasena was a member of Buttala Divisional Council and Uva Provincial Council. They contested the 2020 parliamentary election as a Samagi Jana Balawegaya electoral alliance candidate in Monaragala District and was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
References
1955 births
Local authority councillors of Sri Lanka
Living people
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the Uva Provincial Council
People from Uva Province
Samagi Jana Balawegaya politicians
Sinhalese businesspeople
Sinhalese politicians
Sri Lankan Buddhists
United National Party politicians
Tamara Geva (born Tamara Zheverzheeva; , Жева, or Zheva; 17 March 1906 – 9 December 1997) was a Soviet and later an American actor, ballet dancer, and choreographer. They were the daughter of art patron and collector and they were the first wife of the well-known ballet dancer/choreographer George Balanchine.
Throughout their life they danced with Diaghilev's Ballet Russes, performed with husband George Balanchine, and performed in and choreographed many notable Broadway shows. Geva also wrote an autobiographical book entitled Split Seconds.
Family and early life
Tamara Geva was born in St. Petersburg, Russian Empire on March 17, 1906 with the surname Zheverzheeva, sometimes spelled Gevergeyeva (). Geva's mother was well-known actor Tamara Urtahl and their father was passionate collector and art enthusiast (or Zheverzheyev).
Them father was known as a freethinker. They sponsored Russian avant-garde artists and their projects through their enthusiasm for artistry. Geva described their mother, Tamara Urthal, as a beautiful but selfish woman. Them parents were unable to marry until their daughter was six years old. As a child, they lived in a huge 19th-century house (Ivan Zheverzheev′s house at Rubinstein Street, 18) which had an extensive art, book and theater collection as well as a miniature theater all organized by their father and their years of collecting such artifacts. Them father had agents all over who found art, writings, and artifacts from a variety of well-known artists to add to their massive collection. Geva has said that this collection was their father's most prized possession. After the Russian Revolution ended and Levko had passed away, their extensive theatre memorabilia collection was preserved and put into an exhibit at . Geva grew up in the midst of the Bolshevik Revolution where they experienced true hardships in their youth.
Training and early career
Tamara began their ballet training by taking private lessons in dance studios with notable teachers such as Evgenia Sokolova and & . At age 13 they began to attend dance classes at the St. Petersburg's Mariinsky Theatre School, when it began to accept older students for evening classes shortly after the revolution. These evening classes were segregated by sex, so the only time the boys and girls interacted was during ballroom dance classes. It was here that they met dancer and choreographer George Balanchine, who at the time was the teacher for the ballroom dance classes. They and Balanchine became close shortly after this and they began choreographing pieces for them both. One of the first things they did was La Nuit to Anton Rubinstein's Romance in E-flat. Geva remembers audiences thinking it was "terribly erotic." During the Revolution Balanchine moved in with Geva's family. To make ends meet the two would perform in small theaters performing dances Balanchine choreographed as well as music sung by Geva accompanied by Balanchine. They married Balanchine in 1924, when they were 17 years old. Soon after, they shortened their surname and the couple left Russia in 1924.
Career
While the couple was still in Russia, Geva and Balanchine began appearing together professionally in ballet concerts. In 1924, the couple met Anton Dolin, one of Sergei Diaghilev's star dancers. Dolin suggested that they audition for Diaghilev's Ballet Russes. Diaghilev was immediately impressed by the pair and they hired them on the spot to join the Ballet Russes. Balanchine and Geva defected from Soviet Russia and left on a tour to Europe with Diaghilev as a part of the Ballets Russes. Geva was a part of Ballet Russes for 2 and a half years from 1924 until 1927 during which they performed in places such as Paris and Monte Carlo. Geva performed in The Triumph of Neptune with the Ballet Russes in 1926 where they wore a costume made of tiny mirrors that weighed 75 pounds. Geva remembered Diaghilev as having a superior air at all times and that they would often look down upon others, but they could also turn their charm on at any time they needed it. Diaghilev often stuck Geva in the corps de ballet, so they left the company fairly early to find more fulfilling work.
In 1927, Geva left Europe and made their way to America while touring with Nikita Balieff's Chauve-Souris. During this time, they introduced Balanchine's choreography to New York City, where they danced three solos choreographed for them by him. They premiered these three pieces entitled Romanesque, Grotesque Espagnol with music by Albeniz, and Sarcasms with music by Prokofiev at the Cosmopolitan Theatre and was called "a Russian star". After this, Geva began performing with the Ziegfeld Follies. Later Geva transitioned towards Broadway where they appeared in a number of notable musicals between 1925 and 1953 including Three's A Crowd (1930), Flying Colors (1932) and Whoopee! (1934). They cherished their time on Broadway as a performer, but they also got the chance to choreograph many numbers in these productions. They choreographed the "Talkative Toes" dance for Three's a Crowd and "Two Faced Woman" in Flying Colors.
In 1935 Geva performed with the American Ballet, Balanchine's ballet company in New York. They performed in their first performance where they danced in Errante with music by Schubert. They later immersed themselves in film and theater work while staying in America. In 1936, they were paired with actor Ray Bolger in On Your Toes by Rodgers and Hart. In On Your Toes, they danced in the dramatic "Slaughter on Tenth Avenue" sequence and a balletic parody choreographed by Balanchine and composed by Dick Rodgers. New York Times reviewer Brooks Atkinson described their performance as "magnificent", adding "she can burlesque it with the authority of an artist on holiday". They went on to act in productions of the works of Euripides, George Bernard Shaw, and Jean-Paul Sartre. They acted in Euripides' The Trojan Women where they played Helen of Troy in New York in 1941, and in the Los Angeles production of Sartre's No Exit in 1947. In 1953 Geva played the character of Lina Szczepanowska a sarcastic acrobat in a New York revival of George Bernard Shaw's Misalliance. The cast included Roddy McDowall and Richard Kiley. In 1959, Geva and Haila Stoddard created Come Play With Me a musical comedy with a score penned by Dana Suesse, which had had a short off-Broadway run. They were the lead choreographer for Ben Hecht's film Specter of the Rose (1946), based on the Nijinsky legend. Them last ever performance was onscreen in (1983).
Marriages
In 1923, Geva married George Balanchine in Russia at the age of 17. A year later in 1924, Geva and Balanchine left Russia. Geva was the first of Balanchine's four wives, all of whom were dancers. They divorced by 1926, but remained good friends and constantly worked together throughout both of their careers. Geva later married Kapa Davidoff (né Garabed Tavitian; 1897-1982). Davidoff was an actor and fashion executive who had previously been married to a flier, Lucia Davidova; They also ended up divorcing. In 1942 Geva married again, this time to American actor John Emery, former husband of Tallulah Bankhead; that union ended in divorce in 1963. Geva never had any children.
Death
Tamara Geva died on 9 December 1997, at the age of 91, at their home in Manhattan from natural causes.
Filmography
Broadway credits
Memoir
Geva, Tamara. Split Seconds: A Remembrance. Limelight Editions, 1972.
References
External links
Video about Geva's father
https://digitalcollections.nypl.org/items/0d5ec560-3b72-0134-dd7f-60f81dd2b63c
1906 births
1997 deaths
Actresses from Saint Petersburg
American artists
American ballerinas
American musical theatre actores
American film actores
Soviet emigrants to the United States
Soviet film actores
Soviet silent film actores
People from the Russian Empire of Swedish descent
Ziegfeld girls
20th-century American actores
20th-century Russian actores
20th-century American singers
People with acquired American citizenship
20th-century American women singers
20th-century American ballet dancers
Juan Cardenas (b. at Seville, 1613; d. 6 June 1684) was a Spanish Jesuit moral theologian and author. They entered the Society of Jesus at the age of fourteen, and during many years held in it the office of rector, master of novices, and provincial.
Works
They composed several small ascetical treatises: "Seven Meditations on Jesus Crucified" (originally published at Seville, 1678) and "Geminum sidus Mariani diadematis" (Lyons, 1673). From their pen we also have two pious biographies: "Historia de la Vida y Virtudes de la Venerable Virgen Damiana de las Llangas" (Seville, 1675) and "Breve relación de la Muerte, Vida, y Virtudes del Venerabile Cavallero D. Miguel Manara Vincentelo de Leca" (Seville, 1679).
 They are chiefly remembered for their contributions to moral theology, which won praise from Alphonsus Ligouri. They examined some of the moral opinions prevalent in their day, especially those tinged with Laxism, in their well-known "Crisis theologica bipartita, sive Desputationes selectæ" (Lyons, 1670). This work, which appeared in two parts, opened up a storm of controversy, and in the edition of 1680 they reasserted their position in a supplement which defended moderate Probabilism against the twofold attacks of Laxists and Rigorists.
In the Venetian editions of 1694, 1700, and 1710 there were first published, together with these three parts, and explanation of the propositions condemned by the pope in 1679. This last work, of which Father P. J. Kugler, S.J., composed a compendium in 1704, has often been published separately under the title: Crisis theologica in qua plures selectæ difficultates ex morali theologia ad lydium veritatis lapidem revocantur ex regula morem positâ a SS. D.N. Innocentis XI P.M., etc.
References
Attribution
The entry cites:
Nicolas Antonio: Bibliotheca Hispana nova. Madrid, 1783, I, 671;
Ribadeneira-Sotwell: Bibliotheca Scriptorum S.J. Rome, 1676;
Augustin de Backer and Carlos Sommervogel: Bibliothèque de la c de J. Brussels, Paris, 1891, II, col. 734-37;
De Backer: Bibliographie des éscrevains de la c. de J. Liège, 1869, I, col. 1078;
Hugo von Hurter: Nomenclator. Innsbruck, 1876, II, p. 1, 231;
Ignaz von Döllinger & Franz Heinrich Reusch: Geschichte der Moralstreitigkeiten in der Römisch-katholischen Kirche. Nördlingen, 1889, I, 39, 41, 46.
1613 births
1684 deaths
17th-century Spanish Jesuits
17th-century Spanish Roman Catholic theologians
Romario Garfield Williams (born 15 August 1994) is a Jamaican professional footballer who plays as a forward for USL Championship side New Mexico United.  They are named after the legendary Brazilian footballer, Romário.
Club career
Youth
Williams graduated from Kingston College in Jamaica and then attended university in Orlando. They played college soccer at the University of Central Florida. With the UCF Knights men's soccer program, Williams recorded 18 goals and five assists in 51 games, 46 as starter. They were a unanimous selection to the American Athletic Conference all-conference first team in 2014. They were also the 2013 American Athletic Conference Player of the Year.
Professional
Williams was selected by Montreal Impact third overall in the 2015 MLS SuperDraft on 15 January 2015. They made their professional debut on 28 March 2015 in a 2–2 draw against Orlando City SC.
On 11 December 2016 Atlanta United FC acquired Williams from the Impact in exchange for a third-round selection in the 2018 MLS SuperDraft. On 7 April 2018, they scored their first career MLS goal in a 5–0 rout of Los Angeles FC.
On 1 July 2019, Williams was traded to Columbus Crew SC in exchange for $100,000 of General Allocation Money. After one season with the crew, Williams joined Miami FC of the USL Championship in January 2020.
In December 2020 Williams moved abroad to Egypt and joined Al Ittihad of the Egyptian Premier League. On 16 August 2021, Williams moved abroad to Kuwait and joined Qadsia SC of the Kuwait Premier League.
In July, 2022 Williams signed a contract with USL Championship side New Mexico United
International career
Williams has represented the U-17 level of the Jamaica national U-17 team, playing in three games at the 2011 U17 FIFA World Cup. They had previously started four of five games at the CONCACAF qualifiers. Romario also played the Jamaica U-23 national team in March 2015. Williams made their Jamaica senior national team debut in a 1–0 Caribbean Cup qualify win over Suriname on 13 November 2016.
Personal
They were named after Romário, Brazilian football legend who won the 1994 FIFA World Cup a month before they were born.
In February 2018 Williams received a U.S. green card which qualifies them as a domestic player for MLS roster purposes.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Jamaica's goal tally first.
Honors
Jamaica
CONCACAF Gold Cup Runner-up: 2017
Atlanta United
MLS Cup
Winners: 2018
Eastern Conference
Winners : 2018
UCF
AAC Offensive Player of the Year: 2013
References
External links
UCF profile
1994 births
Living people
Jamaican footballers
Jamaica international footballers
Jamaican expatriate footballers
UCF Knights men's soccer players
Orlando City U-23 players
CF Montréal players
FC Montreal players
Charleston Battery players
Atlanta United FC players
Atlanta United 2 players
Columbus Crew players
Miami FC players
Qadsia SC players
New Mexico United players
Association football forwards
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
CF Montréal draft picks
USL League Two players
Major League Soccer players
USL Championship players
Kuwait Premier League players
2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Al Ittihad Alexandria Club players
Expatriate footballers in Egypt
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
Jamaican expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Jamaican expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Jamaican expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Jamaican expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
People from Saint Catherine Parish
Grobari (Serbian Cyrillic: Гробари, English: Gravediggers or Undertakers) are the organized supporters group of the Serbian football club Partizan Belgrade. They are one of two major football fan groups in Serbia. They generally support all clubs within the Partizan multi-sports club, and mostly wear black and white symbols, which are the club's colors.
Today, Grobari consist of three fractions: Južna tribina, and Zabranjeni, with various subgroups form the three larger ones.
The group as a whole traditionally maintains good relations with the Greek PAOK football club supporters Gate 4 as well as with the fans of Russian CSKA Moscow, Italian AC Milan, Romanian Steaua București and Bulgarian CSKA Sofia.
History
First groups of organized Partizan fan supporters began to visit the JNA stadium in the late 1950s. Those were mainly young men from Belgrade, and they occupied southern stands of the stadium. In those times, support was expressed by loud singing as well as polling of referees and opposite team's players.
Partizan's participation in the European Cup final in 1966 attracted much more fans to the stadium, and is considered to be the crucial moment of the organized fans moving to a south stand of the stadium where they are gathering up to this day. Steady group by the Grobari name was formed in 1970. and during the following decade, as well as all over Europe, Grobari started bringing fan equipment to the stadiums such as flares, supporting scarfs, banners and flags (in the late 1970s), which gave a whole new aspect to the sport club supporting.
By the 1980s, Grobari were one of the largest and most organized fan groups in SFR Yugoslavia and began out-marching to all of Partizan's matches across the country and Europe. Because of their expressed hooliganism toward other club's supporters in those times, fans who represented the core of the Grobari firm were often referred to as a "punishment expedition". In 1987, Grobari in Toronto formed a group under the name of Gravediggers Canada 1987.
1999 Split
In 1999, there was a big split when the newly formed fan group named Južni Front (Southern Front) accused several top members of the Grobari 1970 organization for abusing their privileges, and the club itself for favorising those individuals. Grobari 1970 were actually accused of manipulating with the money given by the club for organizing fan support. Several hundred members of Južni Front left the traditional south stand and occupied the north stand of the stadium. The split lasted for a few years until 2005, when the fans settled their differences.
In the 1990s, the unique, yet unofficial mascot of mostly all Grobari fan groups was an angry looking bulldog, but in the last few years it has been a sexton standing next to their shovel.
Boycott (2005–2007)
Revolted by Partizan being eliminated from the Champions League qualifications, followed by elimination from the first round of the UEFA cup and from the national cup competition by a third division team, as well as poor results in the domestic league (all at the start of the 2005–06 season), Grobari declared a complete boycott of all Partizan football club matches. Several thousand supporters gathered in September 2005 in front of the club stadium and publicly accused sports director Nenad Bjeković and general secretary Žarko Zečević of tampering with the club's operating budget and transfer policy in order to line their own pockets. On this occasion, they also reminded the public of some previous club officials' machinations.
They demanded club management resignations as a condition for getting back to the stadium stands. Grobari repeated the massive gathering and reiterated their demands in October 2005 in front of the national theatre in downtown Belgrade where Partizan's officials were celebrating the club's 60th anniversary. Both city football derbies between Red Star and Partizan in the 2005–06 season were played without traditional support toward Partizan from the south stands. Although these matches used to gather up tens of thousands and even more fans to the stadiums, the infamous record was established this season when there were only a few thousand spectators on the Partizan stadium, since the rival fans also agreed to boycott the derby (but for other reasons).
After certain changes in the club board, Grobari decided to stop boycotting. On 26 May 2007, they returned to the stadium for a Superliga match against Mladost Apatin which Partizan won 7–1, however they kept on singing insulting songs about Partizan's sports director and general secretary.
By the end of the year both Bjeković and Zečević resigned from their positions.
Ban from Europe
In the 2007–08 UEFA cup, Partizan Belgrade was disqualified from further competition because of football hooliganism against Zrinjski Mostar. Grobari traveled in numbers to Mostar where they fought with the police and also Zrinjski fans. Partizan won the tie 11–1 on aggregate.
2011 Split
In late August 2011, another split among Grobari occurred. A faction of fans calling themselves Zabranjeni (The Forbidden) accused the club board of denying them entrance to the stadium. They are also in disagreement with some other Grobari subgroups, primarily Alcatraz. They attend the games of other teams from Partizan multi-sports club, such as ice hockey or women's basketball teams. In November, a small group were at the match against Borac Čačak. In 2012, they started attending Partizan football games on the east stand.
References
External links
juznifront.rs
partizan.net
volimpartizan.rs
FK Partizan
Ultra groups
Serbian football supporters' associations
Song of the Range is a 1944 American musical Western film directed by Wallace Fox and starring Jimmy Wakely, Dennis Moore and Lee 'Lasses' White.
Cast
Jimmy Wakely as Jimmy
Dennis Moore as Denny
Lee 'Lasses' White as Lasses
Cay Forester as Dale Harding
Sam Flint as John Winters
Hugh Prosser as Bruce Carter
George Eldredge as Federal Agent CleveTrevor
Steve Clark as Sheriff Duncan
Edmund Cobb as Thomas 'Tom' Manning
Cedric Stevens as Chase - Mesa Inn Manager
The Sunshine Girls as Singers
Johnny Bond as Johnny
References
Bibliography
Martin, Len D. The Allied Artists Checklist: The Feature Films and Short Subjects of Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, 1947-1978. McFarland & Company, 1993.
External links
1944 films
1940s Western (genre) musical films
American Western (genre) musical films
Films directed by Wallace Fox
Monogram Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Josef Janíček (born 28 December 1947 in Prague, Czechoslovakia, now Czech Republic) is a Czech rock keyboardist, singer, accordion and guitar player. They were a former guitarist of The Primitives Group; from 1969 they played with The Plastic People of the Universe. They were also a member of Milan Hlavsa's band called Půlnoc. Since 1990, they are a member of The Velvet Underground Revival Band.
Discography
With The Plastic People of the Universe
Bez ohňů je underground (1992) - live album
For Kosovo (1997) - live album
The Plastic People of the Universe (1997) - live album
Hovězí porážka (released: 1997, recorded: 1983-84)
Jak bude po smrti (released: 1998, recorded: 1979)
Pašijové hry velikonoční (released: 1998, recorded: 1978)
Vožralej jak slíva (released: 1997, recorded: 1973-1975) - live album
Ach to státu hanobení (released: 2000, recorded: 1976-77)
Líně s tebou spím | Lazy Love / In Memoriam Mejla Hlavsa (2001)
Egon Bondy's Happy Hearts Club Banned (released: 2001, recorded: 1974-75)
Muž bez uší (released: 2002, recorded 1969-72) - live album
Co znamená vésti koně (released: 2002, recorded: 1981)
Do lesíčka na čekanou (released: 2006, recorded? 1973) - live album
Maska za maskou (2009)
Non Stop Opera (2011) - live album
With Půlnoc
Live Bratislava (1988)
Půlnoc (1990)
City of Hysteria (1991)
Live in New York (1996) - live album
References
1947 births
Living people
Czech accordionists
Czech guitarists
Male guitarists
Czech keyboardists
The Plastic People of the Universe members
21st-century accordionists
The Women's 400 Freestyle at the 11th FINA World Aquatics Championships was swum on 24 July 2005 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Preliminary heats were swum that morning, with the top-8 finishers advancing to swim the race again in that evenings Final.
As the competition was held in a long course (50m) pool, the race consisted of 8 lengths of freestyle.
At the start of the event, the existing World (WR) and Championships (CR) records were:
WR: 4:03.85, Janet Evans (USA), swum 22 September 1988 in Seoul, South Korea;
CR: 4:06.28, Tracey Wickham (Australia), swum 24 August 1978 in Berlin, Germany.
Results
Prelims
Final
References
Worlds 2005 results: Women's 800m Freestyle Prelims, from OmegaTiming.com (official timer of the 2005 Worlds); Retrieved 2010-02-10.
Worlds 2005 results: Women's 800m Freestyle Finals, from OmegaTiming.com (official timer of the 2005 Worlds); Retrieved 2010-02-10.
Swimming at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships
2005 in women's swimming
Frejus Airport . is a former airport in France, located in FREJUS (Departement du Var, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur); 430 miles southeast of Paris.
The airport today is closed, but appears to be well-maintained. Now it is used as a sport complex and contains facilities for, among others football, rugby, running, and basketball.
History
Frejus Airport was built before World War I as a grass naval airfield. The airfield opened on 28 March 1912 with the first official test flight of a Canard Voisin. It continued to be used for test flights. For the tests a new unit was established called the CEPA (Commission d'Etudes Pratiques d'Aéronautique or the Commission for the Practical Study of Aviation).
The CEPA's mascotte was the head of a Sioux in the shape of a question mark. In its long history of naval aviation, the raid by Roland Garros on 23 September 1913 between Frejus and Bizerte is noteworthy.
During World War I the number of Navy (French: Aeronavale) aircraft grew from about thirty to over a thousand. After the armistice of the Great War, many flight test centers were closed, but Fréjus remained open.
Throughout the 1920s and 1930s Fréjus played a major role in testing new aircraft for the aéronavale. The first expansion of the center occurred in 1923, and by 1924 the airfield consisted of 9 hangars and a starting track for land-based aircraft. The CEPA participated in the first French aircraft carrier trials in the 1920s. Throughout the 1920s and 1930s multiple land-, sea-, and carrier aircraft types were tested. The second expansion was begun in 1931, growing to 156 hectares, the size it would remain until dissolution in 1995. The bases most memorable hangar (Caquot) was built in 1935
After the Battle of France in May and June 1940, Frejus was part of Italian-occupied France, and airport operations were suspended. However, the Italian Royal Air Force (Regia Aeronautica Italiana) did not use the airfield.
On 15 August 1944, United States Army parachute units, which included the 4th, 5th and 6th parachute battalions and 1st Indian Army Pathfinders, dropped into southern France between Frejus and Cannes as part of Operation Dragoon. Their objective was to capture the area, destroy all enemy positions, and hold the ground until the United States Seventh Army came ashore. Frejus Airport was seized from the Italian and German forces in the area and came under American control. Twelfth Air Force combat engineers arrived at the airport with the amphibious forces and laid out a 6000' sod runway, aligned east–west (08/26), making the airport operational for combat aircraft by 26 August. It was designated as Advanced Landing Ground "Y-12 St. Raphael/Frejus".
The 79th Fighter Group flew P-47 Thunderbolt combat operations from the airfield against the retreating German and Italian forces from Frejus until mid-October 1944. Once the combat unit moved out, Frejus became a transport airfield, supporting C-47 Skytrain resupply and also casualty evacuation flights, until being returned to French control on 20 November 1944.
After the war, an asphalt runway was laid down north–south and the airport operated under ICAO code LFTU until 1999. The runway and taxiway appear to be in very good condition, but are marked with large X's to indicate the closure of the air field. No evidence of wartime use remains.
See also
Advanced Landing Ground
References
Airports in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
World War II airfields in France
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in France
Airports established in 1912
1912 establishments in France
Ana Paula Scheffer (18 August 198916 October 2020) was a Brazilian individual rhythmic gymnast.
They represented their nation at international competitions. They competed at world championships, including at the 2009 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships.
Scheffer was discovered dead at their home in Toledo, Paraná suffering from heart attack on October 16, 2020, aged 31.
References
1989 births
2020 deaths
Brazilian rhythmic gymnasts
Place of birth missing
Gymnasts at the 2007 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in gymnastics
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Brazil
South American Games gold medalists for Brazil
South American Games silver medalists for Brazil
South American Games medalists in gymnastics
Competitors at the 2006 South American Games
Competitors at the 2010 South American Games
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
People from Toledo, Paraná
Sportspeople from Paraná (state)
Pure Love () is a 2013 South Korean television series starring Lee Jae-ryong, Do Ji-won, Han Soo-yeon, Jeon Mi-seon, Kwon Ki-seon and Kim Tae-hoon. It aired on KBS2 on Mondays to Fridays at 19:45 for 125 episodes beginning February 18, 2013.
Cast
Kim Sun Mi's family
Jeon Mi-seon as Kim Sun Mi
Han Seung-yeon as young Sun Mi
Kwon Ki-sun as Sun Mi's mother
Jung Woo Sung's family
Kim Tae-hoon as Jung Woo Sung
Im Si-wan as young Woo Sung
Ji Woo as Jung Soon Jung
Choi Min Soo's family
Lee Jae-ryong as Choi Min Soo
G.O as young Min Soo
Do Ji-won as Kang Soo Ji
Song Ji-eun as young Soo Ji
Lee Won-keun as Choi Joon Young
Fellow Teachers
Seo Yi-sook as Ma Eun Hee
Han Soo-yeon as Ha So Yun
Lee Yoon-sang as vice principal
Lee Sun-woo as art teacher
Inati as PE teacher
Soon Jung's friends
Oh Kwang-suk as Oh Pil Dok
Jo Woo-ri as Go Da Bi
Joon Young's friend
Jin Woo as Jin Woo
Kim Woo-ram as Park Chi Gi
Others
Lee Hoon as Ha Jung Woo
Kim Sung-kyu as young Jung Woo
Kang Dong Hwa (강동화) as Dong Hwa
Son Ho-young as Son Dae Ri
Ham Sung-min as Student
Cameo Appearances
Narsha as Ha Soo Bin (ep 7)
Onew as Choi Joon Young's cousin (ep 59)
Brave Brothers as famous music producer
Son Dam-bi as barista
Kim Tae-woo as Jung Woo Chul
Kim Sung-won as Jung Woo Chul's driver
Kim Ye-won as PE student teacher (Woo Sung's crush)
Kim Dae-sung as astrologer
Kim Min-jong as Kim Ji Kwang
Yoon Hae-yoon
Big Star as Pil Dok's friends
References
External links
Official website
2013 South Korean television series debuts
2013 South Korean television series endings
Korean-language television shows
Korean Broadcasting System television dramas
South Korean television sitcoms
Guzakestan (, also Romanized as Gūzakestān) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Ameryka (the Polish spelling of "America") is the name of the following villages in Poland:
Ameryka, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Ameryka, Kartuzy County in Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Ameryka, Słupsk County in Pomeranian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Ameryka, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship (north Poland)
Ameryka, Opole Voivodeship (south Poland)
See also
Ameryka (magazine), Polish language edition of Amerika Russian language magazine, a propaganda publication distributed by the US during the Cold War
APEX: The Story of the Hypercar is a 2016 American documentary film directed by J.F. Musial and Josh Vietze, produced by Katherina Gaccione. It covers the definition of the automobile term 'hypercar', as well as Koenigsegg CEO and president Christian von Koenigsegg's mission to defeat the world record in the Nürburgring and Spa-Francorchamps in the Koenigsegg One:1.
The documentary was released worldwide on November 18, 2016.
Synopsis
The entire synopsis of the documentary is about the hypercar and the quest to change the automotive industry with a new sports car from the company Koenigsegg, which is led by the CEO and President of the same name. Along the synopsis, the audience will also learn from a few of the largest automakers in the industry.
Film content
The film begins with automotive journalist Chris Harris, Jalopnik founder and editor Mike Spinelli, editor Dan Neil, Road & Track editor Travis Okulski, Xbox creative director Dan Greenawalt, writer and rally driver Alex Roy, Pagani founder and executive Horacio Pagani, and Koenigsegg founder and CEO Christian von Koenigsegg. Each of them provide a description of their first experiences around a hypercar and their connections around them, as well as providing a definition as to what they think a hypercar is. Narrator Zachary Levi also explains the physical iteration of a hypercar using the LaFerrari, Porsche 918 Spyder, and the McLaren P1 as examples.
Christian von Koenigsegg's backstory is also followed, as well as the story of how they went on to pursue their quest of creating the best sports car. von Koenigsegg recalls their history as a car enthusiast and how they were inspired to create a sports car under their vision. Their wife Halldora also recounts their history as an employee of the Swedish company, and how they first built their first running prototype, the CC. von Koenigsegg's vehicle is revealed as the One:1, an Agera-based sports car that contains a 1:1 power-to-weight ratio that concentrates on circuit driving which uses prepreg carbon fiber material and includes a race car-focused personality.
The film later focuses on the 918, P1, and the Bugatti Veyron, where the starring cast compliment the cars as well as their construction behind the scenes, referring to each car's high-level build quality.
The One:1 makes its appearance for the Geneva Motor Show in time, and is also where Christian von Koenigsegg takes a walk around the event, taking a look at the new automobiles, interacting with other people, and inspecting some artwork.
The documentary also discusses the LaFerrari, the Pagani Huayra, Horacio Pagani's story as an automotive executive, Koenigsegg's testing fault at the Nürburgring, as well as the death of a spectator at the Nürburgring. Christian von Koenigsegg reconsidered their Nürburgring run after the spectator incident, and eventually backed out, forcing them and Koenigsegg to lap somewhere else, which meant going to Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps. However, this wouldn't work either due to having exceeded the circuit's decibel limit, therefore disqualifying the One:1 from any further attempts. Through research, however, calculations showed that Koenigsegg had the chance the break the record, though the margin was not near their expectations.
The documentary also features a segment about Forza Motorsport and how video games are changing the next generation of car enthusiasts.
The documentary ends with a final description of a hypercar, and how companies today are pushing the limits of hypercar technology.
Featured people
The film's cast includes 17 people.
Alex Roy
Chris Harris
Christian von Koenigsegg
Dan Greenawalt
Dan Neil
Halldora von Koenigsegg
Horacio Pagani
Rovert Serwanski
Travis Okulski
Chris Goodwin
Detlev von Platen
Frank-Steffen Walliser
Frank Stephenson
Julius Kruta
Lennart Ohlsson
Manuel Berglund
Patrick Long
Paul Mackenzie
Stefan Brungs
References
External links
Documentary films about automobiles
2016 documentary films
2016 films
Levelling the Land is the second full-length album by the Brighton folk-punk group the Levellers, released in 1991. The album reached number 14 in the UK album charts and has since gained platinum status through ongoing sales. The original album pressing contained ten tracks but following the success of the single "Fifteen Years", which peaked at #11 on the UK charts in May 1992, the song was added as track three to later pressings.
This was the first Levellers album to feature the input of Simon Friend as songwriter, vocalist and musician. They replaced Alan Miles, who had sung and played guitar and mandolin on the previous album, A Weapon Called the Word. "Liberty Song" on this album was co-written by Miles.
Track listing
All band members are given writing credits on all the tracks.
"One Way" – 4:08
"The Game" – 3:28
"Fifteen Years" – 3:11 (not on initial pressing)
"The Boatman" – 5:56
"Liberty Song" – 4:29 (co-written by original member Alan Miles)
"Far From Home" - 3:22
"Sell Out" – 4:17
"Another Man's Cause" – 4:35
"The Road" – 4:00
"The Riverflow" – 3:02
"Battle of the Beanfield" – 3:41
The 2007 re-issue of the album also included the bonus tracks:
"Last Days of Winter"
"Dance Before the Storm"
"Hard Fight"
"The Devil Went Down to Georgia"
"Plastic Jeezus"
A bonus live disc was recorded at Glastonbury in 1992:
"The Game"
"World Freak Show" (co-written by original member Alan Miles)
"Dance Before the Storm"
"The Boatman"
"Far From Home"
"Sell Out"
"The Riverflow"
"Battle of the Beanfield"
"Jig/Three Friends"
"Liberty Song"
"One Way"
"The Devil Went Down to Georgia"
Personnel
Mark Chadwick - lead vocals, guitars, harmonica
Simon Friend - backing vocals, lead vocals on tracks 4 and 11, guitars, mandolin, banjo, harmonica
Jeremy Cunningham - bass guitar, album artwork
Jonathan Sevink - fiddle
Charlie Heather - drums/percussion
Alan Scott - producer
References
1991 albums
Levellers (band) albums
China Records albums
Prehoryłe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Mircze, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 401.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Josephine Pagay (15 December 1849 – 11 November 1892) was an Austrian actor. They made their first appearance at the age of fourteen in the role of Cupido in Orpheus in der Unterwelt at the Quaitheater, Vienna. Them spirited delivery, humour, and histrionic talents made them a favorite with the public, and they scored triumphs in the operettas of Offenbach, Suppé, Millöcker, and Strauss, and in the farces of Kaiser, Bittner, Berla, Costa, and Langer. They were at the height of their career in the 1860s and 1870s, but in 1886s they left the stage and retired to Berlin.
References
1849 births
1892 deaths
19th-century Austrian actores
19th-century Austrian Jews
Austrian child actores
Austrian sopranos
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Judaism
Jewish Austrian actores
Thangyaw-in is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser bin Khalifa Al Thani (; born 1960) is a Qatari politician, who served as the Prime Minister of Qatar from 26 June 2013 until their resignation on 28 January 2020. A member of the ruling family, they were Minister of State for Internal Affairs from 2005 to 2013.
Early life and education
 They are the son of Sheikh Nasser bin Khalifa Al Thani. Their mother is Sheikha Mariam bint Abdullah Al Attiyah who died in December 2019. According to royal ark web site, Sheikh Abdullah is the agnatic great–grandson of Ahmed bin Muhammed Al Thani, who was son of Mohammed bin Thani; Abdullah is agnatic third cousin of the former emir Hamad bin Khalifa.
Sheikh Abdullah graduated from Durham Military College, United Kingdom, in 1984 and received a bachelor's degree in police sciences. In 1995, they graduated from Beirut Arab University, receiving a bachelor's degree in legislation.
Career
Al Thani joined the Qatari military and was appointed as patrol officer at rescue police section in 1985. In 1989, they were appointed as security officer for stadiums at the capital security section. Then they became assistant commander for the support brigade in the emergency police section. They were appointed as commander for special operations brigade in the special security force department and as commander for the special unit of the special security force department. On 28 December 2001, they were named assistant director for the special security force department for operations affairs. In September 2004, they were promoted to the rank of brigadier general.
After serving in different posts in the government, on 15 February 2005, they were appointed Minister of State for Interior Affairs. They were named as Prime Minister on 26 June 2013 in a cabinet reshuffle, replacing Hamad bin Jassim Al Thani in the post. They were also named as Minister of the Interior in the same cabinet reshuffle, succeeding Abdullah bin Khalid Al Thani as interior minister. Their tenure ended on 28 January 2020.
They serve as the chairperson of the 2022 FIFA World Cup Supreme Committee for Delivery & Legacy. A number of media outlets criticized their meeting with Fathi Hamad, a Hamas political leader, in April 2013, and speculated the risks of terrorist acts occurring at the 2022 World Cup.
Personal life
Al Thani is married and has six children. And currently one granddaughter.
Honours
Al Thani was awarded Legion of Honor Award on 19 November 2009.
Ancestry
References
1960 births
Living people
Beirut Arab University alumni
Abdullah bin Nasser bin Khalifa Al
Prime Ministers of Qatar
Government ministers of Qatar
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
The 2008 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was led by head football coach Phillip Fulmer in their 16th and final season as head coach. The Vols played their home games in Neyland Stadium and competed in the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The 2008 campaign followed a 10–4 2007 season, which saw the Vols win the Eastern Division of the conference and the Outback Bowl. This season marked the ten year anniversary of Tennessee's 1998 BCS National Championship. On November 3, Fulmer announced that, after winning some 150 games over their career, they would step down from coaching their alma mater at the end of the season.
Before the season
Recruiting
The Vols followed the previous year of a top 5 class, with an effort that found the team ranked outside of the top 25 by both major recruiting websites, Rivals.com and Scout.com. The top players of the class were considered to be tight end Aaron Douglas out of Maryville, Tennessee and wide receiver/linebacker E.J. Abrams-Ward out of Thomasville, North Carolina.
Douglas played at Tennessee as a redshirt first-year student 2009, transferred to Arizona Western College in the 2010 season and winter of 2010 signed with Alabama, where they participated in spring drills.
Douglas was recruited to Tennessee as a tight end, and was moved to tackle by then first year coach Lane Kiffin. When Kiffin left Tennessee for USC, Douglas failed to report for spring drills under new coach Derek Dooley (American football) and eventually transferred to Arizona Western.
Douglas redshirted their first season at Tennessee under then coach Phillip Fulmer, and a year later developed into an elite offensive lineman under Kiffin and line coach James Cregg. Douglas told the News Sentinel in May 2010 that a third coach in three years flipped the plan they had mapped out for themselves “upside down.”
On Thursday, May 12, 2011 Police received a call at 8:13 a.m. Thursday and, upon investigation, they found Douglas' body on the second-floor balcony of a Fernandina Beach, Florida residence. Douglas was pronounced dead at the scene. Of what was characterized as an accidental drug overdose.
Abrams-Ward, a receiver redshirted for the 2008 season, selecting UT over North Carolina in a heated recruiting battle.
On January 22, 2009 UT announced that E.J. Abrams-Ward and Ramone Johnson where no longer members of Tennessee's football team. UT said that the two were dismissed from the team for disciplinary reasons.
Coaching changes
Tennessee lost 4 members of their offensive staff. Offensive Coordinator David Cutcliffe accepted the head coaching position at Duke. Cutcliffe took along OL/TE coach Matt Luke, and RB coach Kurt Roper. Roper joined the Blue Devils' staff as Offensive Coordinator. WR coach Trooper Taylor also left the Vols for a coordinator position, accepting a job as Co-Offensive Coordinator at Oklahoma State.
Cutcliffe was replaced by Dave Clawson, who comes to Tennessee from the University of Richmond, where they were the head coach. Joining Clawson from Richmond is Latrell Scott, who replaced Taylor as the wide receivers coach. Stan Drayton, formerly the running backs coach at Florida, was hired to replace Roper as the running backs coach. Jason Michael, formerly on the staff for the New York Jets, was hired to coach the tight ends, replacing Matt Luke.
Defensive coordinator John Chavis interviewed with the Atlanta Falcons but chose to stay at Tennessee. This decision followed a similar decision by defensive ends coach Steve Caldwell. In December 2007 Caldwell chose to stay with Tennessee and turned down an offer to be the Defensive Coordinator at Arkansas.
Player news
Tennessee was bolstered by the return of safety Demetrice Morley. Morley was a five-star recruit out of Miami, Florida who played for the Vols in 2005 and 2006 before being dismissed from the football team and leaving school for academic reasons. After sitting out the 2007 season, Morley was readmitted to the University in January 2008 and will rejoin the team. Morley told the media that they had been living in their car following their dismissal from the team, but that the birth of their son motivated them to return.
Another defensive back, Antonio Gaines, was awarded a sixth year of eligibility by the NCAA in February. Gaines had missed the majority of both the 2003 and 2007 seasons due to injuries.
The Vols are also welcoming two major transfer student athletes. Gerald Williams, who originally signed with Tennessee in 2005 has been cleared to join the team after spending finishing up at San Francisco Junior College. Brandon Warren, a Freshman All American at Florida State has been cleared to play by the NCAA.
Discipline
The Volunteer football team has also seen its share of off of the field issues since the close of the 2007 season. The first incident of the offseason occurred during a recruiting weekend. Wide receivers Gerald Jones and Ahmad Paige were cited for a misdemeanor possession of marijuana while hosting a recruit. Neither were suspended, but both were required to undertake more frequent drug testing and participate in a police ride along program.
Another incident involved redshirt first-year student running back Daryl Vereen. Vereen was arrested and charged with public intoxication and underage consumption after an on campus fight. Vereen was required to perform community service and was under a semester-long curfew. Fulmer also required the entire team to attend 6 A.M. running as punishment for the offense.
Offensive lineman Anthony Parker was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct in January. Parker's punishment included morning runs, curfew, community service and the police ride along program. Parker was charged after failing to obey the commands of a Knoxville police officer with whom they had previous run-ins. This incident was followed by the arrest of incoming walk-on Vincent Faison for DUI. Faison was suspended for two games.
In February, linebacker Dorian Davis and defensive back Antonio Wardlow were dismissed from the team for a violation of team rules. The most recent incident of the offseason involved decorated punter Britton Colquitt. Colquitt was suspended for five games after being arrested and charge with both DUI and leaving the scene of an accident. Colquitt also had their scholarship revoked.
Schedule
Players
Starting lineups and coaches
Head coach: Phillip Fulmer
Offense
Offensive Coordinator / Quarterbacks: Dave ClawsonOffensive Scheme: Multiple
Wide Receivers: Latrell ScottOffensive Line: Greg AtkinsRunning Backs: Ronald Gallant Jr.Tight Ends: Jason Michael
Offensive outlook
CoachesHead Coach Phillip Fulmer hired Dave Clawson, formerly the head coach at the University of Richmond, to replace David Cutcliffe as offensive coordinator. Greg Atkins (offensive line) is the only returning coach on the offensive staff. Joining them are newly hired assistants Stan Drayton (running backs), Jason Michael, and Latrell Scott (wide receivers).
QuarterbacksThe Vols must replace graduate Erik Ainge, a 5th-round selection of the New York Jets in the 2008 NFL Draft. The leading candidates are Jonathan Crompton, who started one game as an injury replacement for Ainge in 2006, redshirt first-year student B. J. Coleman and redshirt sophomore Nick Stephens. After spring practices, Crompton had minor elbow surgery but should be ready for the season opener and all reports are that Crompton will be the starting quarterback.
Running backs Arian Foster saw the majority of time at tailback last season, with relief appearances by LaMarcus Coker, Montario Hardesty, and Lennon Creer. Coker was eventually dismissed from the team following the South Carolina game for a violation of team rules. Foster finished the season with 1193 rushing yards and 12 TDs. Foster, Hardesty and Creer all return and look to see significant time in the backfield. Looking to work their way into the rotation will be Daryl Vereen, a highly touted redshirt first-year student. The fullback position may also be used more under Clawson. The starter was supposed to be David Holbert, but they have suffered another ACL injury and is out for the year. To honor Holbert, Arian Foster will wear Holbert's #30 jersey in the season opener at UCLA. With the injury to Holbert, sophomore Kevin Cooper looks to be the starter but true first-year student Austin Johnson, who just recently moved from linebacker to fullback, will also compete for playing time.
ReceiversThe wide receivers were led by Lucas Taylor and Austin Rogers last season. Taylor had 73 receptions for 1,000 yards, while Rogers caught 56 passes for 624 yards. Both return for their senior season in 2008. Joining them will be Senior Josh Briscoe, Junior Quintin Hancock, Sophomores Gerald Jones, who many said was the star of the spring and will also see time at quarterback, Denarius Moore, and redshirt first-year student Ahmad Paige.
Offensive lineThe offensive line returns the entire starting group from late in the 2007 season. The line was shuffled after an injury to Eric Young. Josh McNeil will anchor the line at center, with guards Anthony Parker and Jacques McClendon. Ramon Foster and Chris Scott will be the starters at tackle. This line allowed only 4 sacks during the 2007 season. Many experts predict Anthony Parker to be a First team All-American and for this unit to be the strongest in the SEC.
Tight EndsThe tight end position is up in the air following the losses of Chris Brown and Brad Cottam. Brad's brother Jeff Cottam and Luke Stocker are the leading candidates for the starting job. Because of the depth issues at tight end, offensive lineman Cody Pope was moved to play the position
Current starters (as of October 6, 2008)
* – Denotes returning starter.
↑ – Denotes number of games started by the player at the listed position during the 2008 season.
Defense
Defensive coordinator / linebackers / associate head coach: John Chavis (20th year)
Base Defense: Multiple (4–3 and 3–2–6 "Mustang")
Defensive line: Dan Brooks
Defensive ends: Steve Caldwell
Defensive backs: Larry Slade
Position outlook
Coaches2008 will be the 14th season as defensive coordinator for John Chavis. The defensive staff had been together and unchanged since the 1999 season, with Dan Brooks, Steve Caldwell and Larry Slade.
Defensive lineOn the defensive line, the Vols must replace two starters at end. Senior Robert Ayers and Junior Wes Brown are the leading candidates at those two spots. Tackles Dan Williams and DeMonte Bolden return after starting for the majority of the 2007 season. Providing depth will be tackles Walter Fisher, Chase Nelson, Donald Langley and Victor Thomas along with ends Ben Martin, Andre Mathis, and Chris Walker.
LinebackersThe Vols replace two starters in the linebacker corps. Junior Rico McCoy returns to man one of the outside spots. Ellix Wilson, who started the 2008 Outback Bowl at the middle linebacker looks to earn that job for the 2008 season. The other outside spot is up in the air, with Nevin McKenzie seeing the most time there the previous year.
Defensive backsThe defensive backfield saw a slew of injuries and changes in 2007, but looks to be much more stable and seasoned in 2008. The Vols must replace departing safety Jonathan Hefney. Sophomores Eric Berry (SS), Brent Vinson and DeAngelo Willingham (Cornerbacks) should return to their spots with special teams phenom, Dennis Rogan expected to see plenty of snaps at both cornerback and safety. SS Demetrice Morley was reinstated in school after academic trouble caused them to miss the 2007 season.  They are the leading candidate at the vacant free safety spot. It has also been stated during the off season that Eric Berry could see time on the offensive side of the ball, as they have lined up at quarterback multiple times during spring practice.
Projected starters (Note: Does not include incoming freshmen).
* – Denotes returning starter
↑ – Denotes number of games started by the player at the listed position during the 2008 season.
Special teams
Position outlookSophomore Daniel Lincoln (kicker) replaced departing Senior James Wilhoit in 2007 and earned All American Honors. Britton Colquitt returns as punter and will handle kickoffs. Sophomores Dennis Rogan emerged as the main kick and punt returner last, with Lennon Creer joining them as kick returner. Both players return.
Projected starters (Note: Does not include incoming Freshmen).
* – Denotes returning starter
↑ – Denotes number of games started by the player at the listed position during the 2008 season.
‡ – Note: Cunningham will be the starter during Colquitt's suspension.
Rankings
Team players drafted into the NFL
Reference:
References
Tennessee
Tennessee Volunteers football seasons
Tennessee Volunteers football
Rankin is an unincorporated community in Roger Mills County, Oklahoma, United States.
Bessie S. McColgin (1875-1972), Oklahoma politician and business person, lived in Rankin.
The settlement's early success was lost in 1928 after the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built its railline along Rush Creek two miles north, and town merchants moved to that location-- which became the new town of Reydon-- to be next to the tracks.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Roger Mills County, Oklahoma
Unincorporated communities in Oklahoma
The 2001 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were held on January 16–21, 2001 at the Winnipeg Arena in Winnipeg, Manitoba. They were the figure skating national championship which determines the national champions of Canada. The event was organized by Skate Canada, the nation's figure skating governing body. Skaters competed at the senior and junior levels in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Due to the large number of competitors, the senior men's and senior ladies' qualifying rounds were split into two groups. The results of this competition were used to pick the Canadian teams to the 2001 World Championships, the 2001 Four Continents Championships, and the 2001 World Junior Championships.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
2001 Bank of Montreal Canadian Championships
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Figure skating
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Sports competitions in Winnipeg
2001 in Manitoba
Children of the 20th Century () is a 2017 South Korean television series starring Han Ye-seul and Kim Ji-suk with Lee Sang-woo, Ryu Hyun-kyung and Lee Sang-hee. The series aired on Mondays and Tuesdays at 22:00 (KST), from October 9 to November 28, 2017.
Synopsis
The story follows three women in their mid-thirties as they navigate their love lives, friendships, and their familial ties.
Cast
Main
Han Ye-seul as Sa Jin-jin
Kang Mi-na as young Sa Jin-jin
An idol turned actor adored by many. Despite their good looks and fame, they have not dated before.
Kim Ji-suk as Gong Ji-won
Kim In-seong as young Gong Ji-won
An investment banker with a Harvard MBA, and a background in Wall Street.  They are innocent in love and remains loyal to their first love.
Lee Sang-woo as Anthony / Lee Chul-min
Park Seo-ham as young Anthony
A former boy band member of Boys Be Ambitious. Sa Jin-jin's crush since young.  They are also Ji-won's step brother.
Ryu Hyun-kyung as Han A-reum
Song Soo-hyun as young Han A-reum
A flight attendant who is constantly on a diet and takes the initiative to ask guys out.
Lee Sang-hee as Jang Young-shim
Han Ji-won as young Jang Young-shim
A lawyer who has had perfect grades since young.
Ahn Se-ha as Jung Woo-sung
Kwon Do-kyun as young Jung Woo-sung
A gynecologist. They were handsome when they were young, but their looks drastically changed after they grew older. They attended the same school as the Four Bongos.
Oh Sang-jin as Kang Kyung-suk
A highly principled lawyer who doesn't care for money or glory. Young-shim's boss.
Supporting
People around Jin-jin
Kim Chang-wan as Sa Chang-wan, Jin-jin's father
Kim Mi-kyung as Kim Mi-kyung, Jin-jin's mother
Shin Won-ho as Sa Min-ho, Jin-jin's younger brother
Kim Jung-hwa as Sa Ho-sung / Lee Su-hyun, Jin-jin's older sister
Chamjin Entertainment
Kim Kwang-shik as Jang Gi-bong, Jin-jin's manager
Lee Jae-kyoon as Lee Hong-hee, Jin-jin's road manager
Lee Yoo-mi as Mi-dal (Cho Mi-hyun), Jin-jin's stylist
People around Ji-won
Kim Tae-hoon as Lee Seung-goo, Ji-won's stepfather
Kim Young-sun as Lee Gwang-hee, Ji-won's mother
Shin Se-hwi as Lee Ha-ram, Ji-won's half-sister
Jung Jae-ho as Kim Tae-hyun, Ji-won's assistant
People around A-reum
Choi Beom-ho as Han Hak-gyu, A-reum's father
Yoon Bok-in as Yoon Bok-in, A-reum's mother
Jang Hee-ryung as Jang Ji-hye, A-reum's colleague
Lee Chang-yeob as Lee Dong-hoon, a co-pilot that A-reum had a crush on
People around Young-shim
Kim Yik-tae as Jang Jang-soo, Young-shim's father
Park Myung-shin as Kim Young-ja, Young-shim's mother
Others
Shin Dong-mi as Choi Jung-eun, Anthony's manager
Shin Dong-hoon as Reporter Jung
Jo Hyun-sik as Driver
Special appearance
Han Sun-hwa as Jung Da-young
Golden Child as idol group 'Master'
Heo Ji-woong as Variety Show Host
Shim Hyung-tak as Terius / Jung Chang-hoon
KNK as idol group 'Boys Be Ambitious' (young age)
Kim So-yeon as Director
Production
The drama's working title was No Sex and the City. It is the debut of Lee Sun-hye as main writer, as they were a junior writer for tvN's Reply series. Directing the series was Lee Dong-yoon (Fated To Love You, The Queen's Classroom, Happy Home).
Due to a strike at MBC, the series did not air on September 25, 2017 as originally planned.
Original soundtrack
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 6
Ratings
In the table below, represent the lowest ratings and represent the highest ratings.
NR denotes that the drama did not rank in the top 20 daily programs on that date.
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
2017 South Korean television series debuts
Korean-language television shows
MBC TV television dramas
South Korean romantic comedy television series
2017 South Korean television series endings
Television series by Studio Santa Claus Entertainment
New Bedford Inlet () is a large pouch-shaped, ice-filled embayment between Cape Kidson and Cape Brooks, along the east coast of Palmer Land. Discovered and photographed from the air in December 1940 by members of the United States Antarctic Service (USAS), and named after New Bedford, Massachusetts, the centre of the New England whaling industry in the middle of the 19th century.
Simpson Head is a conspicuous promontory rising to , projecting south into the north side of New Bedford Inlet. It is northwest of Cape Kidson. It was discovered by USAS at the same time as the main inlet. During 1947 it was photographed from the air by members of the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), who in conjunction with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) charted it from the ground. Named by the FIDS for Sir George C. Simpson.
See also
Piggott Peninsula
References
Inlets of Palmer Land
Nick Gillard is an English stuntman and stunt coordinator.  They are best known as the lead lightsaber fight and stunt coordinator of the Star Wars prequel trilogy films (1999–2005).
Biography
Gillard was born in Brighton, England. At the age of twelve, they ran away from military school to join the circus where they performed as bareback horse rider. Over the next few years Gillard worked with several circus's including Circus Althoff in Germany and Los Muchachos Circus in Spain. Gillard was invited to do stunts on The Thief of Baghdad. They enjoyed it, and later left the circus to perform stunt work in films, including the original Star Wars. Gillard was Mark Hamill's first choice as their stunt double for Return of the Jedi.
As a stuntman, Gillard held the world record for longest fire stunt, with a fire burn without air for over two minutes on Alien 3. They also performed a 200-foot power boat jump over two bridges in the film Amsterdamned, and was set on fire over 100 times.
Among Gillard's movie credits are Sleepy Hollow, Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, Raiders of the Lost Ark and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Gillard was the fight choreographer of the Star Wars prequels. They had a cameo appearance in Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith as Cin Drallig ("Nic Gillard" spelled backwards). Their likeness was used for the character with a larger role in the accompanying video game, for which Gillard choreographed the combat animations.
Filmography
As stunt coordinator, arranger or performer
Film
1977 The Spy Who Loved Me
1981 For Your Eyes Only
1983 Krull
1984 Scream for Help
1985 Restless Natives
1985 The Bride
1985 Legend
1985 Murder Elite
1985 Claudia
1985 Christmas Present
1986 Labyrinth
1986 Aliens
1987 The Living Daylights
1987 Empire of the Sun
1988 Amsterdamned
1988 Willow
1988 Dream Demon
1988 The Beast of War
1989 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
1989 Henry V
1990 1871
1990 Frankenstein Unbound
1990 Bullseye!
1991 Young Soul Rebels
1991 Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves
1991 Company Business
1991 Under Suspicion
1992 Far and Away
1992 Alien³
1992 Double X: The Name of the Game
1992 1492: Conquest of Paradise
1993 Son of the Pink Panther
1993 The Three Musketeers
1994 Being Human
1994 Black Beauty
1994 Interview with the Vampire
1995 Rob Roy
1995 Judge Dredd
1995 Waterworld
1995 Nothing Personal
1995 GoldenEye
1995 The Darkening
1996 Twelfth Night: Or What You Will
1996 The Wind in the Willows
1997 Seven Years in Tibet
1997 Tomorrow Never Dies
1999 Plunkett & Macleane
1999 Notting Hill
1999-Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace (Also swordmaster)
1999 Sleepy Hollow
2000 Shaft (Also second unit director)
2001 Buffalo Soldiers
2002-Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones (Also swordmaster)
2002 Reign of Fire (Also second unit director)
2002 Dirty Pretty Things
2005-Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith (Also swordmaster)
2008 Wanted
2010 Tamara Drewe
2013 The Fold
2015 The Hippopotamus
Television
1983 Owain Glendower, Prince of Wales
1983 A Pattern of Roses
1985 Lace II
1987 Screen Two
1987 Floodtide
1987 Way Upstream
1988 The One Game
1989–1990 Poirot
1989–1990 Boon
1989–2010 The Bill
1991 Duel of Hearts
1992 Forever Green
1992 Taggart
1993 Lovejoy
1993 Between the Lines
1994 Wild Justice
1994–1995 The Tomorrow People
1995 Pie in the Sky
1996 Broken Glass
1997–1999 Red Dwarf
2000 The Adventures of Young Indiana Jones: My First Adventure
2005 Colditz
2009 Minder
2010 Identity
2010 Spooks
2013 Burton & Taylor
2014 Da Vinci's Demons (Season 3) (Also swordmaster)
2015 Jekyll & Hyde
2015 And Then There Were None
2015 Undercover
2016 Guilt
2016 Black Mirror
2016 Rillington Place
2016 The White Princess (Also swordmaster)
2016 The Domestics
2017 The Brave
2017 The Miniaturist
2018 The Alienist
2018 Kiss Me First
2018 Dark Heart
Video games
2005-Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith (Also likeness as Cin Drallig)
As actor
Film
1981: Raiders of the Lost Ark – German Soldier (uncredited)
1989: Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade – Periscope Soldier (uncredited)
1990: King of the Wind – First Sailor
1990: Frankenstein Unbound – Man No. 2/Man No. 3
2003: Cheeky – Taxi Driver
2005: Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith – Cin Drallig
2014: Vampire Academy – Kenneth (uncredited)
Television
1979: Premiere – Angel
1982: The Jim Davidson Show
1985: Mr. Palfrey of Westminster – Alec Thompson
1989: Ticket to Ride – Brother Paul
1989: Streetwise – Heavy
1990: EastEnders – Restaurant Manager
1990: TECX – Luke/Luc
1991: Bottom
1994: Minder – Queen
References
External links
Gillard's personal website
1959 births
Living people
People from Brighton
English choreographers
Film choreographers
English stunt performers
English male film actors
English male television actors
English film directors
The 1966–67 Egyptian Premier League, was the 17th season of the Egyptian Premier League, the top Egyptian professional league for association football clubs, since its establishment in 1948. The season started on 30 September 1966 and concluded on 7 May 1967.
Ismaily managed to win the league for the first time in the club's history.
League table
(C)= Champion, (R)= Relegated, Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; ± = Goal difference; Pts = Points.
Top goalscorers
Teams
References
External links
All Egyptian Competitions Info
5
1966–67 in African association football leagues
1966–67 in Egyptian football
PREservation Metadata: Implementation Strategies (PREMIS) is the de facto digital preservation metadata standard.
Digital preservation metadata defines the information that is needed to ensure the long-term usability of digital objects to keep them accessible in some form in the future. Digital preservation metadata is particularly important for repositories, places where information objects are stored and managed for a long time. Simply storing digital objects on a data carrier is not enough to keep them usable. They need to be managed in a repository so that they are protected from accidental or intentional damage and so that a full computing environment can be created in which they can be accessed and understood when they are needed.
Information objects have descriptive metadata, information about the object that could be used to discover, access and identify the digital object. This metadata is, however, not enough to preserve the digital objects in the long-term. For example, the digital object's file format can become obsolete and unusable by future software applications. This would require either transforming the older format to a newer one (migration), or reproducing the original experience with newer technology (emulation). Both strategies would require the additional information, such as technical metadata about the original files, information about the older hardware and software that they ran on, and information about actions that have transformed the digital object over time. All of these are types of preservation metadata. Preservation metadata therefore supports activities intended to ensure the long-term usability of a digital resource.
In the early 2000s it became clear that a shared community metadata standard was needed to ensure long-term preservation of the ever-increasing digital resources. Experts from key memory institutions and repository developers joined together to define it, resulting in The PREMIS Data Dictionary for Preservation Metadata, which has become a de facto standard that defines core metadata needed by most preservation repositories.
The use of standards is important as it supports the development of a community of best practice; it helps practitioners learn from the insights of others, so that they do not inadvertently overlook key metadata in their own practice; it allows for development of tools to make metadata creation and management easier; and it enables organizations to more easily exchange information with each other.
History
The PREMIS working group was created to further the work of an earlier initiative sponsored by the Online Computer Library Center OCLC and the Research Libraries Group RLG: the Preservation Metadata Framework (PMF) working group. In 2001–2002 the PMF working group outlined the types of information that should be associated with an archived digital object. Their report, A Metadata Framework to Support the Preservation of Digital Objects (the Framework), proposed a list of prototype metadata elements. At this stage these proposed elements could not be implemented and additional work was needed. In 2003 the PREMIS working group was asked to take the PMF group's findings further and develop a data dictionary of core metadata for archived digital objects, as well as to give guidance and suggest best practice for management: creating, managing, and using the metadata in preservation systems. PREMIS was “charged to define a set of semantic units that are implementation independent, practically oriented, and likely to be needed by most preservation repositories”.
The working group consisted of a multi-national roster of more than thirty representatives from the cultural, government, and private sectors. It sought to understand how preservation repositories were actually implementing preservation metadata. A survey was performed on 70 organizations thought to be active in or interested in digital preservation. In December 2004 the PREMIS working group published its report, Implementing Preservation Repositories for Digital Materials: Current Practice and Emerging Trends in the Cultural Heritage Community.
The earlier Framework and the PREMIS Data Dictionary build on the Open Archival Information System (OAIS) reference model. The OAIS information model provides a conceptual foundation in the form of a taxonomy of information objects and packages for archived objects, and the structure of their associated metadata. The Framework, through its deeply detailed mapping of preservation metadata to that conceptual structure, can be seen as an elaboration of OAIS. The PREMIS Data Dictionary, on the other hand, can be seen as a translation of the Framework into a set of implementable semantic units. The Data Dictionary and OAIS sometimes differ in terminology usage and these are noted in the Glossary. Differences usually reflect the fact that PREMIS semantic units require more specificity than the OAIS definitions provide, which is to be expected when moving from a conceptual framework to an implementation.
In May 2005, PREMIS released Data Dictionary for Preservation Metadata: Final Report of the PREMIS Working Group. This 237-page report includes: PREMIS Data Dictionary 1.0: a comprehensive, practical resource for implementing preservation metadata in digital archiving systems; accompanying report (providing context, data model, assumptions); special topics, glossary, usage examples; set of XML schema which was developed to support use of the Data Dictionary.
The current Version 3.0 of PREMIS was released in June 2015.
Versions
Entities
The PREMIS data model consists of four interrelated entities:
Object (divided into three subtypes)
Event
Agent
Rights
With each semantic unit in the data dictionary categorized in one of these areas.
An Intellectual Object entity is a type of Object. It is a set of content that constitutes a discrete, coherent intellectual unit, such as a book or a database. These may be compound objects containing other intellectual entities and may have multiple digital representations. Descriptive metadata is usually applied at this level; given the proliferation of competing schemes, the working group did not define any further descriptive semantic units and allowed for interoperability through “extension containers” (containers hold a related group of semantic units) that can be used for external schemes.
Most of the semantic units listed in the data dictionary relate to Object and Event entities, the former being further divided into three subtypes of file, bitstream, and representation. A file is the level at which most end users are used to working, a “named and ordered sequence of bytes that is known by an operating system.” It includes a variety of file system attributes, rendering it understandable by an operating system, encompassing bitstreams, which are “contiguous or non-contiguous data within a file that has meaningful common properties for preservation purposes.” A representation is, in a sense, the “highest level” of this model, for it may encompass several files in order to properly render the structure and content of an intellectual entity. Not all repositories will be concerned with preserving representations, depending on their purpose and the curatorial body's need to preserve what might be considered the entity's digital “intrinsic value.” Furthermore, intellectual entities may have multiple representations within a repository. Events interrelate with objects insofar as they involve actions that have an effect on them or agents ("a person, organization, or software...associated with Events...or with Rights attached to an object") associated with the object.
Finally, the inclusion of rights entities responds to an increased awareness of and concern for the legal requirements of copyright and licensing. It also includes information about the specific actions permitted; for example, semantic unit 4.1.6.1, act, “the action the preservation repository is allowed to take,” includes such suggested values as replicate, migrate, and delete.
Data dictionary
PREMIS data dictionary entries include twelve attribute fields, not all of which are applied to every semantic unit (analogous to an "element" in other metadata schemes). In addition to the name and definition of the unit, the fields record such things as rationale for including the unit, usage notes, and examples of how the value might be filled in. Four of the attributes - object category, applicability, repeatability, and obligation - are linked, as the last three are defined for each of the object entity levels of file, bitstream, and representation. The dictionary is hierarchical; some semantic units are contained within others. For example, 1.3 preservationLevel, includes four semantic components, such as 1.3.1 preservationLevelValue and 1.3.2 preservationLevelRole.
See also
Digital preservation
Preservation metadata
Metadata
Digital library
Protocol for Metadata Harvesting (OAI-PMH)
Metadata Encoding and Transmission Standard (METS) maintained by the Library of Congress
Dublin Core, an ISO metadata standard
References
External links
PREMIS - Official Page (LC)
PREMIS - Editorial Committee (LC)
Digital preservation
Preservation (library and archival science)
Metadata
Requisite organization (RO) is a term and methodology developed by Elliott Jaques and Kathryn Cason as a result of the research in stratified systems theory, general theory of bureaucracy, work complexity and human capability over 60 years.
Requisite organization is the system of business organization that aims for effective managerial organization and managerial leadership, based on the systematic application of scientific research about the nature of work and the nature of individual's capacity for work.
Definition
According to Jaques, "the term requisite organization means doing business with efficiency and competitiveness, and the release of human imagination, trust, and satisfaction in work."
Requisite organization is a system designed to get work done with effectiveness in producing valued goods and services to satisfy public needs and at the same time achieving the positive bottom line for the business by means of specialization of functions within vertical stratified and hierarchical organization that is referred to by Dr. Elliott Jaques as Managerial Accountability Hierarchy:
Work outputs are continuously produced by process movement across vertical functions of work.
Work and accountability for bottom line achievement cascade down successive levels and strata and a system of organizational layers or strata of bottom line generation units is formed.
Managers hold immediate subordinates accountable for their own personal effectiveness in getting work done and for the output of their subordinates.
Requisite organization is a triple bottom line management methodology which uncovers dysfunctional aspects of strategy, systems, structures, staff and then realigns them to fit the required complexity of the business with the purpose to increase and sustain maximum economic value.
Business complexity
Companies differ in the values they provide to their societies and the complexity of the business as employment systems they create to deliver those values with the purpose of growing and maintaining their bottom line.
According to requisite organization approach, the higher the complexity (quality and quantity) of a value that a company delivers to the society is, the higher the level of business complexity the company needs to create and maintain to deliver the value to the society effectively:
If the level of the value delivered to the society is lower than the complexity of the business, then there is a probability that the company will struggle to achieve the positive bottom line by maintaining the higher business complexity than is justified by the society.
If the level of the value delivered to the society is higher than the complexity of the business, then there is a probability that the quality and quantity and timeliness of the value delivered by the company to the society will be short of the society's expectations and, as a result, the company will be able to maintain the positive bottom line only over a short-term period – poor business sustainability.
An identification of the level of business complexity for the company is the foundation of requisite organization as all the other Requisite dimensions (Strategy, Systems, Structure, Staff) are aligned to the level of business complexity.
In Requisite Organization, companies are classified into eight levels of business complexity based on such criteria as type of value chain (single or multiple), geography of assets (local, regional, national, international, global), operating revenue, etc.
For example, for a Level 6 International Company with single value chain in multiple countries the following stratified hierarchy of bottom line units may be considered optimal in Requisite Organization:
Stratum VI Corporate Bottom Line Unit
Stratum V Business Bottom Line Unit
Stratum IV Production Bottom Line Unit
Stratum III Operating or Mutual Recognition Unit Bottom Line Unit
Stratum II Output Teams or First Line Mutual Knowledge Bottom Line Unit
Stratum I Direct Output Employees as accountable Stratum I Bottom Line Unit that underpins the key idea of Requisite Organization that every employee contributes to the business bottom line and the importance for an employee to work at their full potential.
Requisite Organization International Institute
The Requisite Organization International Institute (US) was founded in 1999 by Jaques and Cason to continue development and expansion of research on the application of requisite organization. Jacques' tenth book, A General Theory of Bureaucracy (1976) integrates 25 years of basic science research underpinning stratified system theory. Another 27 years of research and 11 books reporting the findings made by Jacques and colleagues forms the foundation of the institute's research and development.
References
External links
Requisite Organization International Institute
Organizational theory
The hepatic diverticulum (or liver bud) is a primordial cellular extension of the embryonic foregut endoderm that gives rise to the parenchyma of the liver and the bile duct. It typically differentiates from the endoderm in the third or fourth week of gestation and is reabsorbed in tubular structures of the septum transversum by the eighth week.
References
External links
Embryology of digestive system
Liver anatomy
The 4th Regiment, Tennessee Infantry is an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served in the Confederate States Army. Notable battles that this regiment was engaged in include the Battle of Shiloh.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
4th Tennessee Infantry Regiment
4th Tennessee Infantry Regiment
4th Tennessee Infantry Regiment
Kang (; also known as Kanj) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 178, in 44 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Kahtukorha (, also Romanized as Kahtūkorhā, Kohtūkarhā, and Kahtū Karhā; also known as Kahtūkarā and Kahtūkorā) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Reinhard Dorn (21 June 1934 – 28 June 1982) was a German architect, non-fiction writer and university lecturer.
Life
Dorn was head of the Stadtkirchenbauamtes des Evangelisch-lutherischer Stadtkirchenverband Braunschweig from 1971 to 1980, before taking up a professorship at the Nuremberg University of Applied Sciences, now the Technische Hochschule Nürnberg. In 1982, they were dean of the faculty for architecture there. The "Entrance building and forecourt design of the main cemetery" designed by them was awarded the Peter-Joseph-Krahe-Prize of the city of Braunschweig on 6 December 1982.
In addition to their own reference books on architectural history, they also wrote several reviews in architectural journals, such as the 1981 review of Fritz von Osterhausen's work Georg Christoph Sturm - Leben und Werk des Braunschweiger Hofbaumeisters in the Zeitschrift für Kunstgeschichte.
Dorn died in Nuremberg at the age of 48.
References
Publications
Die Villa Salve Hospes in Braunschweig (Grosse Baudenkmäler. issue 235.) Deutscher Kunstverlag, Munich/ Berlin 1969.
Peter Joseph Krahe:
Vol. 1: Studienjahre in Düsseldorf und Rom 1778–1786. Klinkhardt & Biermann, Braunschweig 1969.
Vol. 2: Bauten und Projekte in Düsseldorf, Koblenz, Hanonver und Braunschweig 1787–1806. Klinkhardt & Biermann, Braunschweig 1971.
Vol. 3: Bauten und Projekte im Königreich Westfalen und im Herzogtum Braunschweig 1808–1837. Bearbeitet von Elisabeth Spitzbart. Deutscher Kunstverlag, Munich/ Berlin 1999, .
St. Andreas in Braunschweig (Grosse Baudenkmäler. Issue 277.) Deutscher Kunstverlag, Munich 1974,
Mittelalterliche Kirchen in Braunschweig. Niemeyer, Hameln 1978, .
External links
FHNachrichten 2/82,
German architecture writers
20th-century German architects
1934 births
1982 deaths
Place of birth missing
Anthony Calvano (born January 8, 1982) is an American soccer player.
Career
College
Calvano was cut by the varsity soccer team at Pennsylvania State University their first-year student year, they played for the Pennsylvania State University men's club soccer team that season, helping guide the Penn State club team to an undefeated record of 25-0-5 and winning the 2000 NIRSA (National Intramural and Recreational Sports) National Soccer Championship with a 2–0 victory over Texas Tech. Calvano was cut again their sophomore year, they again played for the Penn State men's club team, the team's unbeaten streak reached 54 matches before falling to BYU 4–1 in the semifinals of the 2001 NIRSA National Soccer Championship. Calvano finally made the varsity college soccer team at Pennsylvania State University in 2002, their junior year, they appeared in 20 of 24 matches that season, starting 9 of them, and helped the team win the Big Ten tournament for the first time since 1993. Over the next two years Calvano played as a defender and started in all 42 games for Penn State during their final two years of NCAA eligibility, registering 2 goals and 4 assists, this after not playing a single minute on the varsity team as a first-year student or sophomore.
Professional
Calvano turned professional when they signed with Pittsburgh Riverhounds of the USL Second Division in 2005 and made their professional debut on April 23, 2005, in Pittsburgh's 1–0 opening day defeat to the Harrisburg City Islanders.
They transferred to the Harrisburg City Islanders in 2007, and played every single minute of Harrisburg's 2007 championship season. On February 2, 2010, Harrisburg City announced the re-signing of Calvano for the 2010 season.
References
External links
Harrisburg City Islanders bio
1982 births
Living people
American soccer players
Penn State Nittany Lions men's soccer players
Penn FC players
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC players
USL Second Division players
Soccer players from California
Association football defenders
East Jeddore is a small rural fishing community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. It is 45 minutes East of Dartmouth along Highway 7. East Jeddore Road is approximately 11 kilometers long and generally follows Jeddore Harbour from its basin in Oyster Ponds to the mouth.
History
Battle at Winnepang (Jeddore Harbour)
During the Mi'kmaq and Maliseet War, in July 1722 the Abenaki made an effort to create a blockade of the capital of Nova Scotia Annapolis Royal. They captured 18 fishing vessels along with prisoners between present-day Yarmouth and Canso. They also captured vessels and took prisoners from the Bay of Fundy.
Governor Richard Philipps commissioned Capt. John Eliot and Capt. John Robinson in two sloops with regiments to protect the fishery at Canso, Nova Scotia and retrieve the captured vessels and prisoners. Toward this end, Capt. Eliot made a surprise attack on forty Natives on a ship at present-day Jeddore Harbour. The natives were among six of the fishing vessels they had seized. There was a 30-minute battle. Capt. Eliot was badly wounded as were several of their men. One was killed. Then Capt. Eliot lobbed a hand granadoes (type of hand grenade) into the native vessel. Some natives were killed in the explosion. Others tried to swim ashore as they were being shot by the New Englanders.Thirty-five Natives were killed. The New Englanders managed to rescue fifteen prisoners from the vessels, while discovering that nine had been killed.
Captain Robinson captured two of the vessels and killed numerous Maine natives. They then arrived at present-day Lunenburg, Nova Scotia where the natives held five of the fishing vessels along with twenty prisoners. Robinson paid a ransom and they were released.
See also
West Jeddore, Nova Scotia
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Up and Down is the fourth studio album by Austrian pop rock band Opus. It was released in 1984 by the label OK Musica in Austria and the rest of the world by the label Polydor. The tracks released by Polydor are different from the original version. In Canada and United States, the song "Live is Life" was included, because the live album Live Is Life wasn't released in these countries. The single "Up and Down" charted at #65 on the Canadian music chart.
Track listing
Personnel
Herwig Rüdisser – lead vocals
Ewald Pfleger – guitars, backing vocals
Kurt René Plisnier – keyboards
Peter Niklas Gruber – bass, backing vocals
Günter Grasmuck – drums, percussion
Additional touring personnel
Günter Tsimischl – backing vocals, percussion
Additional studio musicians
Karin Raab – vocals on "Vivian" and "The End of the Show"
Christian Kolonovits – synclavier and arrangement on "She Loves You"
Chart positions
References
Opus (Austrian band) albums
1984 albums
Polydor Records albums
Ivona Horvat (born 13 February 1973) is a former Croatian tennis player that played for Yugoslavia and Croatia.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles (4–2)
Doubles (6–7)
External links
1973 births
Living people
Yugoslav female tennis players
Croatian female tennis players
The 1966 Copa Libertadores Finals were the two-legged final that decided the winner of the 1966 Copa Libertadores, the 7th edition of the Copa Libertadores de América, South America's premier international club football tournament organized by CONMEBOL.
The finals were contested in two-legged home-and-away format between Uruguayan team Peñarol and Argentine team Club Atlético River Plate. The first leg was hosted by Peñarol at Estadio Centenario in Montevideo on 12 May 1966, while the second leg was hosted by River Plate at Estadio Monumental in Buenos Aires on 18 May 1966.
After both teams won one match each, a third game was hosted at Estadio Nacional in Santiago de Chile on 20 May 1966. Peñarol beat River by 4–2 therefore winning their 3rd. Copa Libertadores title.
Qualified teams
Stadiums
Match details
First leg
Second leg
Playoff
Aftermath
The defeat in the playoff v. Peñarol (by 4–2 after River won 2–0 at the end of the first half) was a quite a shock for River Plate. The team returned to Argentina to play the domestic league match v. Banfield. During the match, Banfield supporters threw a chicken (with its body painted a red sash) into the field to make fun of River Plate players.
Since that time, and up to present days, the nickname gallinas has remained to refer to River Plate when the team loses a match that could have won.
Other versions refer to a lack of commitment of some River Plate players, stating that manager Renato Cesarini would have shout "I was betrayed" (by the players) after the match.
At the end of the match, River Plate president Antonio Liberti blamed on Cesarini for the defeat, speaking directly to him: "I think this match was not won by Peñarol. (On the contrary), I think it was River that lost this match. In my opinion, the defeat began from the bench, with the substitutions made. The match was lost by Renato Cesarini". After listening to Liberti, Cesarini agreed with him.
Nevertheless, Liberti held goalkeeper Amadeo Carrizo responsible for the defeat with harsh words to refer to him. Liberti said: "the other responsible is that man, Carrizo... It's easy to mock the rival when conditions are favorable; but someone must know how to be brave in adverse conditions... this man was born well starred. He's the untouchable. I would like to know when they won a responsibility match in 20 years playing for the club... since they stopped that ball with their chest, the match changed... a serious player should not do silly things . To be a man, other things are necessary..."
Notes
References
1966
1966
l
l
l
l
William Terry Couch (1901–1989) was a U.S. intellectual and academic editor, known primarily for their work as director of the University of Chicago Press in the 1940s, and their work as Editor-in-Chief of Collier's Encyclopedia in the 1950s. They also wrote and commented extensively on encyclopedias, their organization and role in modern society and academia. Friends, family and colleagues knew them as Bill Couch.
Biography
Couch was born in Pamplin City, Virginia in 1901. They were raised in Virginia and North Carolina. Their family settled in Chapel Hill, North Carolina before 1920. They attended the University of North Carolina and after brief military service immediately following World War I, returned to Chapel Hill to work for the University of North Carolina Press where they rose to be the director of the press and therefore a member of the university faculty. Their brother, John Couch was also a member of the University of North Carolina Biology Department faculty. In 1943 (?), Couch was hired by the University of Chicago to direct its press under then Chancellor Robert Maynard Hutchins. They were subsequently dismissed from that position in 1949 after a significant public academic controversy over the publication of Morton Grodzins' book Americans Betrayed. Couch had published the book after refusing Hutchins' request to suppress the manuscript.
In September 1952, P. F. Collier and Son Corporation hired Couch as Editor-in-Chief of its 20-volume Collier's Encyclopedia, and of Collier's annual Year Book. Couch assumed their new job at a time of unprecedented consumer demand for encyclopedias. Under P. F. Collier President John G. Ryan, Collier's sales rose from $9 million in 1953 to $23 million in 1956 and over $25 million in 1957. As Editor-in-Chief, Couch sought to present multiple and varying perspectives on controversial issues addressed in the encyclopedia and in the annual Year Book. They quickly came under criticism from left-wing academics and librarians for soliciting article contributions from conservative and anti-communist writers. In Collier's widely acclaimed Year Book for 1957, covering the dramatic events of 1956, Couch edited articles from three hundred contributors, while addressing explosive topics, such as the Suez Crisis, and the anti-Communist Hungarian Revolution of 1956. Ryan generally supported Couch's editorial policies and directed them to compile an expanded revision of Collier's Encyclopedia by 1962. However, in 1957, outside investors seized full control of Crowell-Collier Publishing Company, P. F. Collier's parent company, and storm clouds began to gather for Couch. Already under a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission investigation for an unregistered bond sale, Crowell Collier's new management also held insider stock options and would profit personally from manipulating an increase in Crowell Collier's stock price. Crowell Collier's new directors, paper bag company executives with no publishing experience, pressured Ryan to loosen encyclopedia sales practices, lower customer credit standards, and cut Couch's editorial budget. Ryan resisted, and despite generating record profits, was fired in April 1959. With their friend and ally gone, Couch's days at P. F. Collier were numbered. Couch rebuffed a proposal by Crowell Collier's chairperson that the expanded revision of Collier's Encyclopedia include one volume of equal page length for each letter of the alphabet. Unwilling to compromise their editorial standards, Couch was fired, following Ryan out the door in July 1959.
In September 1959, after considering starting a new business with John Ryan, Couch joined publisher J. J. Little & Ives as Editorial Vice President. They left that position in 1966 and retired to North Carolina.
Couch married Elizabeth Calvert circa 1925 and had two children, Elizabeth and Jane. They died in 1989 in Charlottesville, Virginia after a prolonged illness.
References
1901 births
1989 deaths
American encyclopedists
American print editors
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
20th-century American non-fiction writers
People from Chapel Hill, North Carolina
People from Pamplin, Virginia
The Inconnue River (in French: rivière Inconnue) flows in the municipalities of Cap-Saint-Ignace and Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The "Inconnue River" is a tributary of the east bank of the rivière des Perdrix, which flows towards the south bank of the Bras Saint-Nicolas; from there, the current flows to the southeast shore of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny); the latter flows north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Inconnue River are:
north side: rivière des Perdrix, St. Lawrence River, Bras Saint-Nicolas;
east side: Fortin stream, Bras Saint-Nicolas, Cloutier River;
south side: rivière des Perdrix, Cloutier River, rivière du Sud (Montmagny), Fraser River;
west side: rivière des Perdrix, Morigeau River.
The Inconnue River has its source on the north slope of the Notre Dame Mountains, in the township of Bourdages, in the municipality of Cap-Saint-Ignace. Several branches of mountain and forest streams feed the head of the Inconnue River.
From its source, the Inconnue River flows through mountainous and forested areas over , divided into the following segments:
southwesterly in Cap-Saint-Ignace, to the limit between Cap-Saint-Ignace and Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire;
north-west in Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire, until its confluence.
The Inconnue River flows on the east bank of the Perdrix River (Bras Saint-Nicolas) in a small valley north of the Érables mountain. This confluence is located from the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, north of the village of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire and at southeast of the Montmagny highway bridge.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière Inconnue was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
André Rodolfo de Lima (born December 9, 1971, Araraquara), known as Andre Lima, is a Brazilian activist, lawyer and writer who works on issues of sustainable development, biodiversity protection and sustainable use of forests, and the right of peoples and populations indigenous and traditional in the Brazilian scenario.
Early life and career
Born in Araraquara, in the state of São Paulo, Andre Lima moved to São Paulo in early childhood, and lived there until 1999. During this period, Andre Lima graduated in law from the University of São Paulo (USP) in 1994, during which interned in the Public Ministry of Environment Capital of São Paulo and the Subcommittee on Environment of the OAB/SP. In the following three years, they worked at SOS Mata Atlântica Foundation as legal advisor.
In 1999, Andre Lima moved to Brasilia to work on Socio-Environmental Institute (ISA), through which they were appointed adviser between 2002 and 2004, the National Council for Combating Discrimination (CNCD) of the Ministry of Justice (MJ).
Defense of environmental issues
Since 1992, Andre Lima has been working in environmental movements and non-governmental organizations in the environmental area. From 2006 to 2010, they worked as monitor and collaborator of the Association for Ecological Development of the Federal District.
In 2007 and 2008, during the administration of then Minister Marina Silva, Andre Lima worked in the Brazilian Ministry of Environment (MMA). At that time they served as director of the Department of Joint Actions on Amazon, Director of the National Project on Environmental Management and Sustainable Development of the Amazon and accumulated the Board of the Department of Policies to Combat Deforestation, being one of the main responsibles for the articulations and the construction of the National Plan for Control of Deforestation in the Amazon, which contributed to reduce the average of devastation of the Amazon rainforest by more than 27,000 km² in 2004 to less than 5,000 km² in 2012.
They currently work as a legal consultant for SOS Mata Atlântica Foundation and as a public policy consultant at the Institute of Environmental Research in Amazonia (IPAM). Moreover, they are a member and founder of the Democracy and Sustainability Institute and effective member of ISA. Since 2011, Andre is a member of the National Council for the Environment (CONAMA), representing "The Institute of Law for a Green Planet".
Publications
In 2006, Andre Lima had their book "Ecological-economic zoning of the Light Environmental Laws" published. Also, participated in interviews, debates on television, organized other publications, and has written several articles magazines and newspapers on issues related to public policy, biodiversity, sustainable development, protection and sustainable use of forests, and the right of peoples and indigenous and traditional populations.
References
External links
Professional page of Andre Lima
Brazilian environmentalists
20th-century Brazilian lawyers
Brazilian male writers
Environmental lawyers
1971 births
Living people
University of São Paulo alumni
21st-century Brazilian lawyers
The Havens is the name of a community and an electoral ward in Pembrokeshire, West Wales.
The community includes the villages of Little Haven, Broad Haven, Walton West and Broadway hamlet. The community population taken at the 2011 census was 1,175.
The Havens ward also includes the neighbouring community of Walwyn's Castle. It had a population of 1,536 in 2011.
References
External links
The Havens community
Pembrokeshire electoral wards
Communities in Pembrokeshire
Hieu Cong Truong, (born September 23, 1941) is a Vietnamese Canadian engineer, responsible for designing minting machines used by the Royal Canadian Mint. Their engineering team was responsible for creating the two dollar coin's bi-metallic coin locking mechanism.
Early life and education
Born in Saigon, Vietnam, they graduated from New York University in 1963 studying chemical engineering. After earning their master's degree in chemical engineering in 1964, they returned to Vietnam where they were a lecturer at Phu Tho National Technical Center eventually becoming director of its chemical engineering school. After completing their Ph.D. in engineering in 1971 from New York University, they emigrated to Canada.
Career
They joined the Royal Canadian Mint in 1978 until retiring in 2014.
 They are the namesake of the Mint's Hieu C. Truong Centre of Excellence for Research and Development. Their appointment to the Order of Canada was announced in June 2017.
References
1941 births
Canadian engineers
New York University alumni
Officers of the Order of Canada
People from Ho Chi Minh City
Vietnamese emigrants to Canada
Living people
Vietnamese people
Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Nastainczyk (1 January 1932 – 13 December 2019) was a German theologian, lecturer and priest who taught at the University of Regensburg alongside Joseph Ratzinger (now Pope Benedict XVI). They were the cousin of another noted German theologian, Johannes Tenzler.
Nastainczyk was born in Leobschütz, Upper Silesia, the son of Josef Nastainczyk and Gertrud Tenzler and was ordained a Roman Catholic priest on 9 June 1957.
On 5 April 2011, Nastainczyk published a complete history of Christianity in Silesia entitled Wie die Schlesier Christen wurden, waren und sind: Ein Beitrag zur schlesischen Kulturgeschichte. This book took Nastainczyk ten years to research and write and begins its history in the year 950AD. The book also discusses relations between Christians and Jews in the area throughout history and the impacts of Nazism, the Second World War and the Anschluß on the region.
Notable works
Religionunterrichten: Aufaben und Möglichkeiten neu gesehen, Herder, 1979,
Ehelosigkeit des Priesters in Geschichte und Gegenwart (1970)
In Freude vor Gott Pfeiffer, 1963
''Wie die Schlesier Christen wurden, waren und sind: Ein Beitrag zur schlesischen Kulturgeschichte Schnell & Steiner, 2011,
References
1932 births
2019 deaths
People from the Province of Upper Silesia
People from Głubczyce
20th-century German Catholic theologians
21st-century German Catholic theologians
University of Regensburg faculty
German male non-fiction writers
The goddess Pendrani is a legendary deity of Umerkote, a town in Nabarangpur District of Odisha, India. A temple has been constructed at west end of the town in order to create a place for worshipping for the locals. Sunday is the only weekday on which the temple remains open. People from far away places visit the goddess.
Maa Pendrani of Umerkote is born out of a legend. A small village Pendra (Pendrahandi) near Umerkote worship a pure soul Pendrani, a married girl who was a victim of secret jealousy of their own brothers. As the story goes, their husband was overtly pampered by their parents who made them stay in their household with no work to bother about. The four brothers out of sheer jealousy conspired and succeeded in killing their innocent husband (Pendara) and buried them in their field. Sensing a foul play, Pendrani could unfold the heinous crime and apparently jumped into their husband's funeral pyre and perished in its flames. Days later their spirit was believed to roam about the villages helping those who trusted their supernatural transformation. People adore their sacrifice and worship in a temple erected at Umerkote. That the local degree College is named after them is a tribute to the saga of supreme sacrifice.
Them holy grace attracts many people from surrounding locations. During the time of Ratha Yatra at Umerkote, people celebrate the annual fair near the temple. People from nearby villages come and visit the celebration which includes bazaars and mandi and exchange of cultural factors among tribal and urban people.
The Goddess had been worshipped on an open citadel which gradually has been made with a normal wooden chamber. With the help of locals a newly built temple has been dedicated for worshipping the goddess with a grand inaugural celebration from 20 to 30 June 2010.
Another legend related to the origin of Maa Pendrani is as follows:
Goddess Pendragarhien, also known as Pendrani is worshipped by the tribal people of Western Odisha and the bordering districts of Chhattisgarh. It has a history of last 400 years. A myth of origin of Goddess Pendrani; followed by a complex ritual, is found in these areas.
The focal theme of the myth was about a Gond bride Pendrani; whose husband (bride service) was killed by their seven brothers in order to get good harvest by offering human sacrifice to Earth Mother Goddess. Pendrani, searched for their husband and finally found that their own brothers had sacrificed their bride service- husband. While wondering in the forest a tiger ate them and after that their spirit became a Goddess. Over a period of last 400 years they have transformed from a revengeful goddess into a blissful goddess.  They are now worshipped as the Goddess of wealth in Western Odisha and eastern Chhattisgarh.
The purpose of the article is to explain how an ordinary woman became a Goddess and contested against the male predominance. Them creation myth became so popular that they became a popular Goddess and thus a new cult emerged as Pendrani Goddess cult. Though originated as a tribal Goddess they became the Goddess of both tribal and non tribal communities in the socio historical process of the region. The cult represented with the religious faith and belief explores that now Pendrani is one of the most popular and prestigious Goddess. A huge temple is constructed in Umerkote town, in addition to installation of their cult in thousands of villages in tribal areas.
An attempt has been made in this paper to examine the socio–historical processes of the indigenous communities and the dynamics of transformation of a woman to goddess in the collective memory of the communities. The ritual performance of the celebration and adoption of the Goddess in a house or in a village is a complex ritual process that captures the socio–psychological phenomena. Male shamans use to play the role of the Goddess and the divinization of Pendrani Goddess is established.
The inference of the Pendrani cult is a contestation of male predominance over the women and the whole ritual system adopted in the cult, celebrated by the males playing the role of female goddess signifies the males subjugation to the woman Goddess, thereby compensating the injustice inflicted on Goddess Pendrani when they were an ordinary woman; before their deification.
References
Citations
Sources
From Woman to Goddess Maa Pendra Garhien: A Contested Discourse of Gender in Tribal Religious Cult: paper presented in SAARC Writers Conference in 2011
Nabarangpur district
Route 127 is a highway in central Missouri. Its northern terminus is at U.S. Route 65 west of Malta Bend; its southern terminus is at Route 52 southwest of Sedalia.
Major intersections
References
127
Transportation in Pettis County, Missouri
Transportation in Saline County, Missouri
Zaranie Śląskie (Polish for "Dawn of Silesia") was a Polish quarterly literary magazine devoted to the culture and history of Silesia. It was founded in 1907 by Ernest Farnik and published in Cieszyn.
It focused on the region of Cieszyn Silesia, however since the 1930s gradually left this area of interest and focused more on Upper Silesia. Zaranie Śląskie published historical and folkloristic articles, literary works, folk songs etc. Many well-known regional writers and activists contributed to the magazine, e.g. Ludwik Brożek, Emanuel Grim, Andrzej Hławiczka, Paweł Kubisz, Jan Łysek, Antoni Macoszek, Julian Przyboś, Oskar Zawisza and others.
The publishing of the magazine was resumed after World War II. It was published in Katowice in 1945-1948 and later from 1957. At this stage of its history it hadn't too much common with the region of Cieszyn Silesia. Zaranie Śląskie ceased to exist in 1992.
Footnotes
References
External links
Zaranie Śląskie at Digital Silesian Library
1907 establishments in Austria-Hungary
1992 disestablishments in Poland
Cieszyn Silesia
Defunct literary magazines published in Poland
Magazines established in 1907
Magazines disestablished in 1992
Mass media in Cieszyn
Polish-language magazines
Quarterly magazines
The 2012–13 season was Edinburgh Rugby's twelfth season competing in the Pro12.
Squad List
Heineken Cup
Transfers 2012/2013
Players in
John Yapp from Cardiff Blues
W. P. Nel from Cheetahs
Izak van der Westhuizen from Cheetahs
Perry-John Parker from Esher
Dimitri Basilaia from Valence d'Agen
Richie Rees from Cardiff Blues
Greig Tonks from Northampton
Ben Atiga from Otago
Mike Penn from Nottingham
Players out
Kyle Traynor
Andrew Kelly
Jack Gilding
Esteban Lozada to Agen
Alan MacDonald
Mike Blair to Brive
Phil Godman to London Scottish
Jim Thompson to London Scottish
Chris Paterson Retired
References
2012–13 in Scottish rugby union
2012-13
2012–13 Pro12 by team
2012–13 Heineken Cup by team
Winter Gold is a 1996 winter sports video game developed by Funcom and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. In the game, players participate in six winter sports disciplines across four distinct olympic venues. Its gameplay focuses on time trials in three playable modes, using a main five-button configuration.
Winter Gold was conceived under the working title FX Skiing by producer Erik Gloersen, who wanted to make an official Winter Olympic title for Lillehammer but the idea never came to fruition. The team wanted to avoid on-rails gameplay when developing games that are played over FMV backgrounds like Star Wars: Rebel Assault, with the staff coming up with a track-system that made possible to create an infinite number of courses out of distinct parts. The 3D visuals were powered by the Super FX2 chip, an enhancement of Argonaut Pieces of software Super FX processor previously used in Doom and Yoshi's Island.
Winter Gold garnered mixed reception from critics since its release; praise was given to the presentation, fast pacing, 3D polygon graphics, techno-style soundtrack and controls but some felt mixed in regards to the gameplay and sound design while the lack of replay value, limited color palette and letterboxed resolution were criticized.
Gameplay
Winter Gold is a winter sports game where players can choose between six disciplines such as downhill, ski jumping, snowboarding, aerial skiing, bobsled and luge across four distinct olympic venues: Salt Lake City, Lillehammer, Albertville and a unlockable city. Prior to starting the game, players choose the color of their gear (suit, helmet and boots) and nationality.
There are three modes of play: Practice, Competition and Circuit. In both practice and competition modes, players can choose an opponent and a few disciplines or just one discipline to participate in order to obtain the best possible time record or score, which are saved automatically via the cartridge's internal battery-backed memory. In circuit mode, the player can also participate on any discipline but must compete against other participants. The player advances into the next olympic venue by reaching the top three positions depending on the time rankings or standing points obtained after finishing each discipline. In addition to the single player mode, there is also a multiplayer mode where up to eight players participate in competition mode.
In downhill, players must descend the hill as fast as possible and crossing red flag gates to avoid time penalty, while avoiding obstacles along the way. At the starting gate, players must press left and right on the d-pad to gain initial speed. In ski jumping, players aim to achieve the longest possible jump after descending from a ramp and adjust their landing position to gain points depending on style and distance. In snowboarding, players must obtain points on a half-pipe under a strict time limit by performing tricks and combos via button combinations. Aerial skiing is similar to the snowboarding discipline but players jump from a ramp and perform a good landing. In both bobsled and luge, players must press left and right on the d-pad to gain initial speed at the starting gate and get to the bottom of the course in the fastest time possible. Players must also avoid hitting side rails to not lose speed.
Development and release
Winter Gold was developed by Funcom and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in November 1996. The game was housed in a 16-megabit (2 MB) cartridge using the Super FX2 enhancement chip, a revision of the Super FX processor developed by Argonaut Software that was previously used in Doom and Yoshi's Island. The FX2 chip runs at 21.4 MHz, with extra pins soldered in the PCB to increase the supported ROM size and framebuffer. Olav Mørkrid, who previously worked on Daze Before Christmas, served as lead programmer. Lead graphic artist Rune Spaans, who was hired by Funcom in 1994, was in charge of the 3D models, while co-programmers Frank Stevenson and Paul Endre Endresen were responsible for the 3D tracing and physics respectively. Additional artwork was handled by Daniel Staver and Dennis Hansen. Both Mørkrid and Spaans recounted the project's development process and history in a 2018 interview and Spaans' own personal website.
Mørkrid stated that Winter Gold was conceived under the working title FX Skiing by producer Erik Gloersen, who wanted to make an official Winter Olympic title for Lillehammer but this idea did not come to fruition. They questioned Gloersen about developing a winter sports game despite similar titles not being good, with the latter replying: "That's exactly why we're gonna make a great one". Spaans claimed that both backgrounds and video sequences were converted into vector graphics, while the sports events were animated in 3D. The introduction was created using real sportsmen. Spaans revealed that the graphics were realized with 3D Studio using DOS computers, while characters were done with Alias PowerAnimator using a SGI workstation provided by Nintendo that cost $50,000.
Spaans stated that the team wanted to avoid on-ralis gameplay when developing games that are played over FMV backgrounds such as Star Wars: Rebel Assault, with the staff coming up with a track-system that made possible to construct an infinite number of courses out of eight distinct parts and having similar frames on each sequence to use as a transition into a new track section. Spaans also stated that it was difficult merging characters into the backgrounds but Mørkrid claimed that "the game would have never been" without the involvement of Spaans, Stevenson and Endre Endresen. Maniacs of Noise member Jeroen Tel was responsible for both music and sound. Winter Golds music is reminiscent of house music with rap and funky elements.
Reception
Winter Gold received mixed reception from critics since its release. Hobby Consolass Roberto Lorente praised the fast-paced polygon graphics, sound design, playability and fun factor but found the game's color palette as not very flashy. Total!s Frederic Berg commended the gameplay, polygon visuals and techno-style music and sound design but criticized the lack of replay value to motivate multiple play sessions.
MAN!ACs Martin Gaksch gave positive remarks to the funky presentation, interesting 3D polygon visuals and fast pacing of each discipline but felt mixed in regards to the sound and criticized the poor color palette, echoing the same sentiment as Lorente, as well as the letterboxed resolution. Video Games Thomas Wiesner regarded the fast-paced 3D graphics as very impressive for Super NES standards, innovations of each discipline, controls, music and sound design but, like Berg, they criticized the lack of gameplay variety in Winter Gold outside of improving personal time records and competing against AI opponents. In a similar was as Lorente and Gaksch, Mega Funs Christoph Pütz criticized the lack of colors but commended the soundtrack.
References
External links
Winter Gold at GameFAQs
Winter Gold at Giant Bomb
Winter Gold at MobyGames
1996 video games
Funcom games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Nintendo games
Skiing video games
Snowboarding video games
Super FX games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System-only games
Sports video games set in France
Sports video games set in Japan
Sports video games set in the United States
Video games developed in Norway
Video games scored by Jeroen Tel
Video games set in Norway
Winter sports video games
Shark Island Productions is a documentary film production company based in Sydney, Australia, established in 2001 by Ian Darling. creates extensive education, outreach and community engagement campaigns with its films. It is the production arm of Shark Island Institute.
Through Shark Island Institute, the company builds partnerships with foundations, philanthropists, and not-for-profit organisations to raise awareness and make a social impact.
The organisation partnered with BRITDOC and the Sundance Documentary Film Program to bring GoodPitch2 Australia to the Sydney Opera House in 2014, 2015 and 2016, an international forum that connect filmmakers with foundations, financiers, not-for-profits, philanthropists and policy-makers. Money is raised in philanthropic grants for funding social impact documentaries and powerful strategic partnerships between community groups, the corporate sector, NGOs and policy-makers are formed.
Supported documentaries from the Good Pitch slate include That Sugar Film, Frackman, Gayby Baby, Zach's Ceremony, The Hunting Ground, Whiteley (about Australian artist Brett Whiteley) and Constance On the Edge.
Shark Island Institute works with international documentary filmmakers in The Portfolio, resulting in films such as The Hunting Ground, The Bleeding Edge, The Fourth Estate, Inventing Tomorrow, 2040, Unrest, How to Change the World and Bully.
Shark Island Productions is a certified B corporation Company that meets standards of social and environmental performance, and is carbon-neutral since 2014.
Films
The Final Quarter (2019)
The film premiered at the Sydney Film Festival and then went to broadcast with Channel 10, Australia.
Accolades
Official Selection at the Sydney Film Festival 2019, with 5 further 'on-demand' screenings. Official Selection 2019 Perth International Film Festival; Castlemaine Documentary Film Festival July 2019.
CH10 Broadcast date: 18 July 2019
Won Best Editing in a Documentary AACTA, Won Best Reporting of an Issue in Sport, Sporting Australia 2019 Media Awards, Won Best Documentary - Grand Final and Regional, 2019 Asian Academy Creative Awards, Won Racism It Stops With Me - Australian Human Rights Commission Award 2019, Won Best Documentary Film Critics Circle of Australia 2019, Won Best Editing in a Documentary Feature Australian Screen Editors Guild 2019, Nominee Best Sound in a Documentary Australian Screen Sound Guild 2019, Nominee Best Documentary AACTA Awards 2019, Finalist Walkley Awards for Excellence in Journalism - Documentary, Finalist Screen Producers Australia Awards 2019 Feature Documentary of the Year.
Life After The Oasis (2019)
Life After The Oasis reflects on the last decade with original participants from The Oasis.
Premiered at the 2019 Sydney Film Festival.
SBS Broadcast date: 10 November 2019
Suzy & The Simple Man (2016)
Accolades
Official Selection at the Sydney Film Festival 2016 (Premiere)
Official Selection at the Melbourne International Film Festival 2016
Official Selection at Mountainfilm 2017
Official Selection at the Byron Bay Film Festival 2017
Official Selection at the Earth Talks International Film Festival 2017
Official Selection at the Balinale International Film Festival 2017
Official Selection at the Wild & Scenic Film Festival 2018
Stories From The Inside (2013)
A group of first time offenders reveal the crimes that led to their incarceration into the Youth Unit at Port Phillip Prison.
The inmates tell their stories around the choices, mistakes and the effects of their actions on themselves, families and victims, and discuss the harsh reality of prison life, the daily grind, boredom, depression and the fear of rejection when they return to the outside world. Made in association with Igniting Change the film and study guide is made available as a free resource for all schools in Australia.
Paul Kelly - Stories of Me (2012)
ABC Broadcast date: 27 October 2012
Accolades
Won Best Sound in a Documentary Australian Screen Sound Guild 2013, Won Best Documentary Arts and Best Educational/Training resource (Primary/Secondary) ATOM Awards 2013, Won Best Documentary Film Critics Circle of Australia 2012, Won Best Editing in a Documentary Feature Australian Screen Editors Guild 2012, Nominated Best Documentary Feature Australian Directors Guild Awards 2013, Nominated Best Sound in a Documentary AACTA Awards 2013, Official Selection at the Melbourne International Film Festival 2012, Official Selection at the Canberra International Film Festival 2012.
The Soldier (2011)
Accolades
2012 official selection and Best Australian Documentary 'Special Mention' at the Antenna Documentary Festival.
Polly and Me (2010)
An 8-year-old girl lives alone with their mother and dreams of a better life beyond the walls of their small and dingy apartment. Isolated and lonely, the girl's only friend is their doll, Polly.
The film was launched on ABC Television during Child Protection Week followed by a live audience discussion hosted by Geraldine Doogue.
Polly and Me is endorsed by leading family and child abuse prevention organisations including: Australian Research Alliance for Children and Youth (ARACY), Benevolent Society, CREATE Foundation, Good Beginnings, Families Australia, Lighthouse Foundation, Lou's Place, Mirabel Foundation, National Association for Prevention of Child Abuse and Neglect (NAPCAN), The Salvation Army and The Smith Family.
ABC Broadcast date: 9 September 2010
Accolades
Nominated Best Achievement in Sound for a Short Fiction Film ASSG Award 2010.
Wall Boy (2010)
Accolades
2010 Nicola Daley for Cinematography - Fiction Drama Shorts at the Australian Cinematographers Society. Official Selection at Santa Barbara Film Festival, Ojai Film Festival, L.A Shortsfest, NYC International Film Festival, Korea Asiana Film Festival.
The Oasis (2008)
The Oasis was filmed over two years at The Oasis Youth Support Network refuge run by the Salvation Army in Surry Hills, Australia. On any night in Australia, 22,000 teenagers are homeless. This film follows Captain Paul Moulds and Robbin Moulds and their interactions with the youths using the refuge. The stories take an unflinching look at the difficulties and triumphs that happen each day and night. Many of these young people have ongoing problems with drug abuse; some of them can be violent, abusive and out of control; some of them seem resistant to attempts to help. But whatever is happening in their lives, Paul and Robbin Moulds are there to work with them to assist in turning lives around through supporting them, however often they fall down.
In 2011 The Oasis Homeless Short Film Competition was launched by patron Cate Blanchett, encouraging youth to make a three-minute film about any aspect of homelessness.
ABC Broadcast date: 10 April 2008
Accolades
Won.
Best Direction in a Documentary, Best Editing in a Documentary, AFI Awards 2008, Best Tertiary Education Resource and Best Educational Multi-Modal Production ATOM Awards 2008, Special Jury Prize FIFO.
Nominated.
Finalist: Best Documentary General ATOM Awards 2008, Best Documentary Human Story ATOM Awards 2008, Best Documentary Social and Political Issues ATOM Awards 2008, Best Education Multimodal Production ATOM Awards 2008, Best Documentary Logie Awards 2009, Finalist: Walkley Awards 2008, Best Documentary and Best Sound non-feature AFI Awards 2008, Best Direction ADG Awards 2008, Best Documentary IF Awards 2008, Social Justice Award for Documentary Santa Barbara International Film Festival 2009.
In The Company of Actors (2007)
It was broadcast in Australia on ABC1 February 2008.
Education and Outreach
The film and study guide package was donated to English, Drama and Media departments in all secondary schools across Australia with support from the Caledonia Foundation.
ABC Broadcast date: 7 February 2008
Accolades
Official Selection
Sydney Film Festival in 2007; Melbourne International Film Festival, Vancouver International Film Festival, St Tropez Internationales du Cinema des Antiodes, Santa Barbara International Film Festival, Mumbai International Film Festival, OzFliz Ontario, The London Australian Film Festival, River Run International Film Festival.
Alone Across Australia (2003)
Alone Across Australia has won more than 25 awards, and has screened at over 60 international film festivals. It was recently listed as one of the 20 Best Adventure DVDs of all Time by Men's Journal magazine in the US.
ABC Broadcast date: 8 September 2004
Accolades
Audience Award Best Feature Documentary at San Francisco Documentary Film Festival, Crystal Heart Award Heartland Film Festival; Best Mountain Film and People's Choice Award Banff 2004, Best Adventure Feature, People's Choice Award, Flagstaff Mountain Film Festival Arizona 2005; Special Jury Prize, Santa Barbara International Film Festival; Best Adventure Film, Moscow; Voted one of the "20 Best Adventure Films of All Time" Men's journal Magazine, USA, Winner of 32 International Film Festival Awards and Official Selection in over 30 Film Festivals around the world.
Woodstock for Capitalists (2001)
Three days of love and worship. A millionaire's convention in Omaha, Nebraska – probably the largest gathering of private wealth at any one time, anywhere in the world – but it's not about money.
It is an event surrounded by ritual, adulation and a fair degree of cult worship. 15,000 fanatical shareholders gather to pay homage to their hero Warren Buffett (the World's second richest man), as one man searches for the reasons why.
ABC Broadcast date: 15 March 2001
Accolades
CINE Golden Eagle Award, CINE Awards 2001; Official selection Hot Springs Documentary Film Festival 2001; Columbus International Film Festival; York Independent Film Festival; Pennsylvania Film Festival; Newport International Film Festival; Maui Film Festival; Tahoe International Film Festival.
Awards
Social impact
All Shark Island Productions films have education and outreach initiatives built around them.
The Documentary film The Oasis had the most extensive outreach campaign of any film made in Australia and The Oasis Initiative was listed as one of Top 50 Philanthropic Gifts of All Time by Pro Bono Australia in 2013. The issue of youth homelessness in Australia gained national media attention in Youth Week 2008 via the release of the National Youth Commission's “Australia's Homeless Youth” report on 8 April and ABC1's premiere of The Oasis documentary on youth homelessness on 10 April, followed by a panel discussed hosted by Tony Jones. This report influenced the Australian Governments Green Paper Which Way Home? and the White Paper, which set out the Government's national plan of action.
The partnership with ABC Television was teamed with two major initiatives
funded by The Caledonia Foundation: 1) the National Youth Commission
(NYC) Report on Youth Homelessness; and 2) a comprehensive education
and outreach campaign.
The NYC Report was the result of an independent, national inquiry which
informed the range of evidence-based recommendations. In 2007, the NYC
held 21 days of hearings in all states and territories. Formal evidence was
given by 319 individuals and 91 written submissions were received, including
seven from government departments. The NYC report launched by Tanya Plibersek at Oasis in 2008 provided
context and credibility to images presented by the documentary, it showed
that the experience of The Oasis youth was representative of a greater
problem, not an isolated case.
The companion short films POLLY AND ME and WALL BOY involved Community Partners and Philanthropic Partners to widen the outreach of the films and broaden community discussion of the issues of addiction, abuse and neglect. The three films provoke much discussion about dealing with complex social problems, and raise issues about the adequacy of service levels surrounding prevention and response programs in the community.
An outreach and education initiative with The Caledonia Foundation launched Paul Kelly & The Portraits at the National Portrait Gallery by The Hon Tony Burke MP and Paul Kelly - Portrait of an Artist Schools' Education and Curriculum program by The Hon Peter Garrett AM and developed with the English Teachers Association NSW. The report Music to Our Ears with the Music Council of Australia was commissioned to increase parental engagement to advance music education in schools. The report Music to Our Ears with the Music Council of Australia was commissioned to increase parental engagement to advance music education in schools.
Distribution
Shark Island documentaries are available for home use online at their website, through ABC shops and distributors Roadshow Entertainment and Madman Entertainment.
References
External links
Documentary film production companies
Film production companies of Australia
Companies established in 2001
Companies based in Sydney
2001 establishments in Australia
Viktor Novak (4 February 1889 – 1 January 1977) was a Yugoslav Croat historian, professor at the University of Belgrade and full member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts (SANU), and a corresponding member of the Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts (JAZU).
Biography
While working at the University of Zagreb, Novak, an ethnic Croat, was frequently attacked by Croatian nationalists for their balanced approach to the history of South Slavs and for their pan-Slavic Yugoslavist persuasion. From 1920 to 1924 they held the chair of Auxiliary Sciences of History at the Faculty of Philosophy in Zagreb. Novak left their position there in 1924 to go to the University of Belgrade. Viktor Novak dedicated many years to the extensive research of clericalism and extreme nationalism among Roman Catholic Croats in Croatia, Slavonia and Dalmatia. They did extensive research on the cultural and political foundations of the Yugoslav movement in the nineteenth century (with works on key persons such as Josip Juraj Strossmayer, Franjo Rački, and Natko Nodilo), as well as on the relations between the reformer of the Serbian alphabet Vuk Stefanović Karadžić and members of the Croatian Illyrian movement.
In Belgrade Novak's writings represented a strict Yugoslav unitary concept. During the January 6 Dictatorship, Novak wrote their Antologija jugoslovenske misli i narodnog jedinstva (Anthology of Yugoslav Consciousness and National Unity). According to historian Ivan Mužić, the work was an attempt "to justify a newly conceived myth of a three-tribed nation and its ostensible united national consciousness which dates to the sixth century". Novak would write: The future generations, freed of atavistic woes, with the aid of conscious national education, can bear in their hearts one great and holy idea, which will safeguard the people from external and internal enemies. That idea is the Yugoslav idea alone. In Belgrade Novak was a member of the Yugoslav Cultural Club and wrote in its unofficial journal Vidici. Novak would write in Serbian ekavian while working in Belgrade.
Novak authored Magnum Tempus, Magnum Sacerdos and Magnum Crimen (The Great Crime - a half-century of clericalism in Croatia), a trilogy about the Roman Catholic Church in Yugoslavia and its relation to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the Roman Curia, and the Croatian clerical nationalism including Ustashe supporters and World War II. From 1929 to 1959, they were a professor of Yugoslav history at the University of Belgrade. The Vatican Curia placed Magnum Crimen on their list of banned books Index librorum prohibitorum and named Viktor Novak "an enemy of Catholic Church".
As an ardent Yugoslav patriot and anti-fascist activist, Viktor Novak was during the Second World War arrested and spent some time in the Nazi detention camp at Banjica, near Belgrade.
After the Second World War, Novak continued teaching Yugoslav history and methodology of history at the Belgrade University. They were later elected to membership of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts (SANU; corresponding member in 1948 and full member in 1961) and was made head of the Department for Social Sciences of the Academy (1966–69). Novak was among founders and first director of the History Institute of SANU (Istorijski institut SANU) from 1947 to 1954. They were also praised for their books on Latin paleography, which are considered to be seminal works on the subject in Serbian historiography.
Magnum Crimen, which is considered the main source of first-hand accounts of close relations between Croatian clericalism and pro-Nazi Croatian Ustashas, that led to the genocide against the Serbs, Jews and Roma in the 1941–45 Independent State of Croatia, was first published in 1948, and again in an abridged version in 1960 in Sarajevo. The 1948 edition, reprinted several times in Belgrade after 1986, was highly acclaimed as a masterpiece left in oblivion.
'The English edition of their magnum opus - Magnum Crimen was completed eventually in 2011 and published in two volumes on more than 1,300 pages, with two chapters that were omitted from the first edition in 1948, due to the communist censorship.
Viktor Novak was decorated with the Order of St. Sava bestowed by the Serbian Orthodox Church.
Selected works
Scriptura Beneventana s osobitim obzirom na tip dalmatinske beneventane, Zagreb 1920.
Evangeliarium Spalatense, Split 1923.
Franjo Rački u govorima i raspravama, Zagreb 1925.
Maksimilijan Vrhovac, Bratstvo, Beograd 1928.
Notae palaeographicae, chronologicae et historicae, Journal of the Zagreb Archaeological Museum, Vol.15 No.1 January (1928)
Aliquid de nominibus ducum Croatorum in antiquissimo evangeliario Cividalensi. Nota palaeographico-historica, Zbornik u čast Bogdana Popovića, Beograd 1929.
Franjo Rački, Bratstvo, Beograd 1929.
Masarik i Jugosloveni, SKG, Beograd 1930.
Sveslavenska misao, Ljubljana 1930.
Antologija jugoslovenske misli i narodnog jedinstva, Štampa državne štamparije, Belgrade 1930
Mihailo Polit-Desančić i Hrvati, LMS, Novi Sad 1932.
Natko Nodilo, Novi Sad 1935.
Le Roi Alexandre Ier Karageorgevitch et la Formation de l'Unité Nationale Yougoslave, Paris : Amitiés franco-yougoslaves, 1935.
Rad Stanoja Stanojevića na srpskoj diplomatici, Glasnik Istorijskog društva u Novom Sadu, 1938.
Dva antipoda. Štrosmajer i Mihanović, Beograd 1940.
J. J. Štrosmajer, apostol jugoslovenske misli, Savez sokola kraljevine Jugoslavije, Belgrade 1941
Oko Trsta [editor], Državni izdavački zavod Jugoslavije, Belgrade, 1945.
Ferdo Šišić, Ljetopis JA, 1949, 54.
Jedno sporno pitanje iz srpsko-hrvatskih odnosa 60-tih godina prošlog veka, Istorijski časopis, 1-2, Belgrade 1949
Principium et finis - veritas (Concerning the Case of Archbishop Stepinac), Review of International Affairs, Volumes 1-2, Socialist Alliance of the Working People of Yugoslavia, 1950
Supetarski kartular, Djela JA, 1952, 43.
Latinska paleografija, Beograd 1952, 1980 2nd edition.
Vatikan i Jugoslavija, I, Belgrade 1953 (ed., na srpskohrvatskom, francuskom i engleskom jeziku).
Outline of Jugoslav Historiography, Ten Years of Jugoslav Historiography, 1945–1955, Beograd 1955.
Natko Nodilo, Zadarska revija, 1955.
Paleografija i slavensko-latinska simbioza od VII–XV stoljeća, Istorijski časopis, Beograd 1957.
Franjo Rački, Beograd, Prosveta 1958.
Nikola Vulić, naučnik i čovek. Uvod u knjigu N. Vulića: Iz rimske književnosti, SKZ, Beograd 1959.
Valtazar Bogišić i Franjo Rački. Prepiska (1866–1893), Zbornik za istoriju, jezik i književnost srpskog naroda, SAN, I od., vol. XXV, Beograd 1960.
Pojava i proširenje karolinške minuskule u Dalmaciji, Glas SAN, vol. CCLV, Beograd 1963.
Вук и Хрвати [Vuk and Croats]: примљено на VII скупу Одељења друштвених наука САНУ, 27. IX 1966, по приказу самог аутора, Београд, 1967.
Magnum tempus : ilirizam i katoličko sveštenstvo : ideje i ličnosti 1830-1849, Beograd, Nova knjiga 1987.
Celokupna bibliografija: B. Telebaković-Pecarski, Zbornik filozofskog fakulteta u Beogradu, 1963 (Целокупна библиографија: Б. Телебаковић-Пецарски, Зборник филозофског факултета у Београду, 1963).
Awards
: July 7 Award (1960)
: Order of Labor with Red Banner (1961)
: Medal for Merits for the People (1964)
See also
Edmond Paris
Avro Manhattan
Djoko Slijepčević
Branko Bokun
References
Bibliography
Radovan Samardžić: „Novak, Viktor“, Enciklopedija Jugoslavije, 1. izdanje, Zagreb 1965.
Vasilije Krestić: "Viktor Novak: Ecclesia militans ratuje s Tyrševom ideologijom i Libellus accusationis : dva izostavljena poglavlja iz knjige Magnum Crimen Viktora Novaka", Zbornik o Srbima u Hrvatskoj = Recueil des Travaux sur les Serbes en Croatie .- Br. 5 (2004), Belgrade 2004, pp. 7–80
1889 births
1977 deaths
People from Donja Stubica
Yugoslav historians
Yugoslav palaeographers
Croats of Serbia
University of Belgrade faculty
Catholic Church in Croatia
Members of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Banjica concentration camp survivors
Recipients of the Order of St. Sava
Dominic Stricker was the defending champion, but was no longer eligible to participate in junior events.
Luca Van Assche won the title, defeating Arthur Fils in the final, 6–4, 6–2.
This was the first Grand Slam junior tournament with all-French semifinalists.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
Draw at rolandgarros.com
Draw at ITFtennis.com
References
Boys' Singles
2021
Ruya is a Chinese word for an ancient scholar's wise, modest, and self-cultivating nature. It is also used to describe Chinese generals holding those same traits while defeating their enemies with ease.
Ruya and Rafa
In popular culture, Ruya was first used to describe tennis star Rafael Nadal on the Baidu Rafa Post Bar (rafa Bar of Baidu Tieba). The post pointed out that Nadal never curses against their opponent; instead, they always give credit to them. They never abuses their racquet, never gives up, and uses all means possible to achieve victory. These traits fit the meaning of the word "Ruya". With the close resemblance of the pronunciation of Ruya and Rafa, many message board posters started to use Ruya as Nadal's nickname.
The phenomenon of Ruya
The phenomenon of spreading Ruya continues through the Chinese sporting world. Besides Rafael Nadal, other tennis players have been considered as Ruya, including Australian Bernard Tomic and former WTA World No.1 Victoria Azarenka. Today, the word generally describes individuals with conflicting sides of being modest in public, but yet using all means to self-serve in their personal nature.
References
Chinese words and phrases
Rafael Nadal
Public Schools of Brookline (PSB) is the school district of Brookline, Massachusetts.
it had over 7,500 students. They operate eight elementary (K-8) schools and one high school in the Town of Brookline.
Schools
Senior high school
Brookline High School
K-8 schools
Edith C. Baker School
Florida R. Ridley School (formerly Edward Devotion School and Coolidge Corner School)
Michael Driscoll School
Heath School
Amos A. Lawrence School
William H. Lincoln School
Pierce School
John D. Runkle School
Preschool
Brookline Early Education Program (BEEP)
References
External links
Public Schools of Brookline
School districts in Massachusetts
Brookline, Massachusetts
Education in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Rudy Linka (born 29 May 1960) is a jazz guitarist from the Czech Republic.
From 1975–1979, they studied classical guitar as a teenager at the Prague Conservatory and learned jazz through their mentor, Karel Velebný. After travelling to Germany in 1980, they defected to the West in Sweden. In the first half of the 1980s, they studied composition and classical guitar at the Stockholm Music Institute. While in Sweden they began their collaboration with American double bassist Red Mitchell.
In 1985 they moved to Boston and attended the Berklee College of Music. The following year they moved to New York City, where they studied at the New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music with John Abercrombie, Dave Liebman, and Arnie Lawrence. They studied privately with guitarists Jim Hall and John Scofield and before leading their own group.
Linka has performed and recorded with Jon Batiste, Larry Grenadier, Gil Goldstein, Paul Motian, Bob Mintzer, John Scofield, John Abercrombie, Kenny Wollesen, and Marvin "Smitty" Smith on labels such as Timeless, Enja, Sony BMG, and Universal. In 1998 they were voted one of the ten best guitarists by the readers of Down Beat magazine
Linka is the founder and artistic director of the Bohemia Jazz Fest which takes place every July in the Czech Republic.
Discography
Rudy Linka Quartet (1991)
News from Home, (1992)
Mostly Standards, (1993)
Live It Up, (1994)
Czech It Out, (1995)
Always Double Czech, (1997)
Emotions In Motion, (1999)
Just Between Us, (2000)
Every Moment, (2001)
Simple Pleasures, (2002)
Trip, (2005)
Lucky Southern, (2006)
Jazz Collection
Beyond the New York City Limits, (2006)
Songs, (2008) (with Paul Motian and Larry Grenadier)
Re:Connect (2013) (with Kenny Wollesen, Larry Grenadier, and Jon Batiste)
Acoustic & Electric (2015)
References
External links
Czech guitarists
Male guitarists
1960 births
Living people
Musicians from Prague
Czech jazz musicians
Czech exiles
Czech musicians
Tunap-Hunstein Rural LLG (often spelled locally as Tunap-Hustein) is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea. The LLG is home to speakers of many different Left May languages and Sepik languages.
Wards
01. Hotmin
02. Burmai
03. Arai
04. Nino (Nimo language speakers)
05. Itelinu
06. Samo (Owiniga language speakers)
07. Painum
08. Wanium
09. Aumi
10. Pekwei
11. Wanamoi
12. Waniap (Ama language (New Guinea) speakers)
13. Kavia (Ama language (New Guinea) speakers)
14. Ama (Ama language (New Guinea) speakers)
15. Yenuai (Nakwi language and Ama language (New Guinea) speakers)
16. Panawai
17. Imombi (Iwam language speakers)
18. Mowi (Iwam language speakers)
19. Iniok (Sepik Iwam language speakers)
20. Paupe (Papi language speakers)
21. Oum 3
22. Walio (Walio language speakers)
23. Nein
24. Nekiei/Wusol
25. Masuwari
26. Sio (Sanio language speakers)
27. Hanasi (Sanio language speakers)
28. Moropote
29. Maposi (Sanio language speakers)
30. Lariaso
31. Yabatawe
32. Sowano
33. Bitara (Berinomo language speakers)
34. Kagiru (Berinomo language speakers)
35. Begapuki
36. Wagu
37. Niksek/Paka (Niksek language speakers)
38. Gahom (Bahinemo language speakers)
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Starship Patrol (also called Starship Defense in North America and Star Ship Defender in Japan) is a strategy video game of the tower defence type developed by the Japanese company Q Games and released by Nintendo for the DSiWare/Nintendo DSi platform.
Gameplay
Similar to other games of the tower-defence genre, the player must defend a fleet of starships against alien attackers by strategically placing turrets and other defensive mechanisms. The player may make use of certain power-ups and bonuses, but is also rewarded for not using them. The game has 30 stages (or levels) of increasing difficulties, each featuring different structures to be defended. As with other games developed by Q Games for the DSi platform, the game has minimal styling, with the graphics being styled to appear like mathematical graph-paper.
The games differ from others in the tower defence genre in that the avenue of attack of the enemies varies significantly during the game, though the player is warned about the direction each attack will come from by dotted lines appearing on-screen. The player is allowed to adjust the aiming-zones of their weaponry during attacks to adapt to them.
Reception
Reviewing the game for Nintendo Life, Marcel van Duyn game the game a positive score of 8/10. Van Duyn praised especially the art-style and called it "a game you should definitely consider picking up if you have the slightest bit of interest in the tower defence genre", though they criticised the music saying that it was "a bit low-key and won't really impress". Simon Parkin reviewing the game for the Eurogamer website also reviewed the game positively, describing it as "contemporary and stylish despite its obvious thriftiness" though also "a fairly orthodox Tower Defence game". Edge magazine also reviewed the game positively, stating that it was "as good as you'll find on DSiWare at the moment". Reviewing the North American version of the game for IGN, Daemon Hatfield described it as "the best tower defense game on DSiWare".
The game was subsequently included in the 2010 book 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die which described the graphics as "achingly lo-fi" and the game as a whole as a "rare work of craft".
References
2009 video games
Strategy video games
Video games developed in Japan
Events from the year 1710 in Scotland.
Incumbents
Secretary of State for Scotland: The Duke of Queensberry
Law officers
Lord Advocate – Sir David Dalrymple, 1st Baronet
Solicitor General for Scotland – Thomas Kennedy jointly with Sir James Steuart, Bt.
Judiciary
Lord President of the Court of Session – Lord North Berwick
Lord Justice General – Lord Tarbat until 23 October; then Lord Ilay
Lord Justice Clerk – Lord Ormiston, then Lord Grange
Events
Dry stone dykes (i.e. walls) built in Galloway to enclose land on a large scale.
Dancing 'assemblies' in Edinburgh begin.
Births
15 April – William Cullen, physician, chemist and agriculturalist (died 1790)
25 April – James Ferguson, astronomer, instrument and globe maker (died 1776)
Deaths
1 January – William Bruce, architect (born 1630)
1 June – David Mitchell, admiral (born 1642)
20 September – John Carmichael, 1st Earl of Hyndford, nobleman and politician (born 1638)
10 December – Robert Mylne, the last Master Mason to the Crown of Scotland (born 1633)
See also
1710 in Great Britain
References
Years of the 18th century in Scotland
1700s in Scotland
The Carastelec is a left tributary of the river Crasna in Romania. It discharges into the Crasna in Măeriște. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Sălaj County
The Art of Frozen () is an art book about the 2013 Walt Disney Company animated feature film Frozen. The book is part of The Art of... series that aims to depict behind-the-scenes information on the artwork created during the development of animated films.
Content
The Art of Frozen was written by Charles Solomon, with a preface by John Lasseter and a foreword by Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee. It was published by Chronicle Books in November 2013.
The information is divided into five sections (A Family Affair, Coronation, Wilderness, Ice Palace, and Return to Arendelle) which include concept art, storyboards, and finished art, alongside interviews by artists, writers, and other developers, thereby "giving the reader a full-scope of the efforts it took to create the finished film."
Development
Although The Art of... books have been written since at least the early 1990s, The Entertainment Nut explained, "Since 2008, Chronicle [Books] has picked up the torch on publishing [The] Art Of [...] books for Disney's animated features".
Charles Solomon said the following on the books conception:
Critical reception
AWN deemed the "umpty-umpth The Art of... coffee-table art book about the making of a modern animated cinematic feature masterpiece" as "insightful...visual treat" full of "splendid art", adding that "Frozen has a subtle frankness and originality to it – and The Art of Frozen emphasizes what that is". The Entertainment Nut wrote that the book "offers some rather intriguing insights into the production" and is "another great entry in behind-the-scenes material". Indiwire commented "Solomon concentrates far more on the story, writing, and artistic presentation of the film than most books in this genre do — making it a must-have." MediaMikes gave it 4 out of 5 stars, writing "Even though this may not be the best “Art of” book of the year, if you enjoyed the film then I would say that it is worth checking out still just keep expectation lower." One Movie our Reviews said the book goes beyond the film's artwork, and "tells a lot about the whole production process and the collaboration needed to bring a film of this level together." Rotoscopers described the book as "probably most anticipated piece of merchandise among animation fans" prior to the film's release. LaughingPLace wrote "This coffee table book is worth every penny...and is a great wealth of knowledge." Vahn Gharakhani of MoviePilot said "This beautiful book is not only my visual companion; it's an inspiration to my future as a filmmaker. " The Austin Chronicle described the book as "Disney's newest classic, taken back to its enchanting designs."
References
External links
The Art of Frozen
Sioux City Journal, "REVIEW: 'Art of Frozen' lets movie fans savor film's art", December 21, 2013
2013 non-fiction books
Works about Frozen (franchise)
Books about individual films
Books about Disney
Animation books
Chronicle Books books
Phtheochroa eulabea is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Puebla, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1994
Phtheochroa
Travis C. Reece (born April 3, 1975) is a former American football running back. They played for the Detroit Lions from 1998 to 1999.
References
1975 births
Living people
American football running backs
Michigan State Spartans football players
Detroit Lions players
Jeremy Gimpel (born 1979) is an educator, politician, and presenter of "Israel Inspired" podcast.  They are also the Deputy Director of the World Mizrachi Movement.
Political career
In 2013, Gimpel ran in the Israeli legislative election as the 14th member on the ticket of The Jewish Home. The party eventually won 12 seats, and Gimpel missed out on being in the Knesset by 2 seats. After this, in October 2013, Gimpel was appointed as Deputy Director of the World Mizrachi Movement.
Television and radio career
In 2008, Jeremy Gimpel, along with Ari Abramowitz, launched Tuesday Night in Jerusalem, a TV show broadcast out of Israel for viewers in America. The show's aim is to "project a universal Biblical message fused with Jewish wisdom, spirituality, music and comedy broadcast from Jerusalem." Between 2014-2015, they presented a daily show on the Internet-based Voice of Israel radio. In the beginning of 2015, again together with Ari Abramowitz, they launched the Land of Israel Network, a podcast radio station from Jerusalem featuring English language Zionist radio shows.
Personal life
Gimpel was born in Atlanta, Georgia. They live in Neveh Daniel with their wife Tehila, a Cleveland-born lawyer, and their six children. Gimpel is a vegetarian.
See also
The Jewish Home
2013 Israeli legislative election
References
External links
The Land of Israel
1979 births
Living people
Israeli Orthodox Jews
Israeli educators
Jewish Israeli politicians
Israeli radio personalities
Israeli television presenters
People from Atlanta
The Jewish Home politicians
Libor Pimek was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Joakim Nyström won the title, defeating Hans Schwaier 6–1, 6–0 in the final.
Seeds
Andrés Gómez (first round)
Joakim Nyström (champion)
Libor Pimek (second round)
Miloslav Mečíř (quarterfinals)
Juan Aguilera (second round)
José Luis Clerc (semifinals)
Jan Gunnarsson (first round)
Hans Schwaier (final)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1985 BMW Open draw
Singles
Dallas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 99,678, making it the seventh-most populous county in Iowa. Between 2010 and 2020, it was the fastest growing county in Iowa and one of the fastest growing in the country. Its county seat is Adel, and its largest city is Waukee. The county was named for George M. Dallas, Vice President of the United States under James K. Polk, the namesake of neighboring Polk County.
Dallas County is included in the Des Moines–West Des Moines, IA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The land that now forms Dallas County was ceded by the Sac and Fox nation to the United States in a treaty signed on October 11, 1842.
On January 13, 1846, the legislative body of the Iowa Territory authorized the creation of twelve counties in the Iowa Territory, with general descriptions of their boundaries. Dallas County's name referred to United States Vice President George M. Dallas, who served from 1845 to 1849.
In 1847 the county residents voted to designate Penoch as the county seat (the name was changed to Adel in 1849). The county's population grew rapidly, with settlers coming to claim homesteads. By 1870, the population had crossed the 12,000 mark.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 80 – runs east-northeast across the southern portion of the county, passing Dexter and De Soto on its way to Des Moines
U.S. Highway 6 – from its starting point in Adel, runs east across the midsection of the county on its way to Des Moines
U.S. Highway 169 – runs north–south through the center of the county, from Bouton to Adel to De Soto
Iowa Highway 17 – from its starting point (intersection with Iowa 141) at Granger, runs north along the county's eastern boundary, into Boone County
Iowa Highway 44 – runs east–west through the center of the county, through Dallas Center
Iowa Highway 141 – runs east across northern portion of county, through Dawson, Perry, Bouton and Woodward, then southeast to exit into Polk County at Granger
Iowa Highway 144 - from its starting point (intersection w Iowa 141) at Perry, runs north into Boone County
Iowa Highway 210 – from its starting point (intersection w Iowa 141), runs north to Woodward and continues into Boone County
Adjacent counties
Adair County – southwest
Boone County – north
Greene County – north and northwest
Guthrie County – west
Madison County – south
Polk County – east
Warren County – southeast
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 99,678 in the county, with a population density of . 94.19% of the population reported being of one race. There were 41,125 housing units of which 38,291 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 66,135 in the county, with a population density of . There were 27,260 housing units, of which 25,240 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 40,750 people, 15,584 households, and 11,173 families in the county. The population density was . There were 16,529 housing units at an average density of 28 per square mile (11/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.75% White, 0.74% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.69% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 2.79% from other races, and 0.84% from two or more races. 5.40% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 15,584 households, 37.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.60% were married couples living together, 8.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.30% were non-families. 23.60% of households were one person and 8.20% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.08.
The age distribution was 28.20% under the age of 18, 6.90% from 18 to 24, 32.10% from 25 to 44, 21.60% from 45 to 64, and 11.10% 65 or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 97.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.80 males.
The median household income was $48,528 and the median family income was $58,293. Males had a median income of $37,243 versus $27,026 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,970. About 4.00% of families and 5.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.10% of those under age 18 and 7.10% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Adel
Bouton
Clive ‡
Dallas Center
Dawson
De Soto
Dexter
Granger‡
Grimes ‡
Linden
Minburn
Perry
Redfield
Urbandale ‡
Van Meter
Waukee
West Des Moines ‡
Woodward
‡ partly in Polk County
Unincorporated communities
Booneville
Townships
Adams
Adel
Beaver
Boone
Colfax
Dallas
Des Moines
Grant
Lincoln
Linn
Spring Valley
Sugar Grove
Union
Van Meter
Walnut
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Dallas County.
† county seat
Politics
Prior to 1932, Dallas County was strongly Republican in presidential elections. From 1932 to 1996, it was a swing county, having a Republican lean until 1960 & a Democratic lean from 1964 to 1996, especially after 1980. Since 2000, it has been consistently Republican, though no Republican presidential candidate has won over 60% of the vote nor has a Democrat won less than 40% since then.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dallas County, Iowa
Raccoon River Valley Trail
References
External links
Dallas County government's website
HISTORY OF DALLAS COUNTY, IOWA 1879 Online book
1846 establishments in Iowa Territory
Des Moines metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1846
The Presidential Council of Tax Justice (CPGT) is the self-governing body of the Italian tax commissions.
History
It was introduced by Legislative Decree 31 December 1992, n. 545, in analogy to the High Council of the Judiciary. Its composition was later modified by law 21 November 2000, n. 342, which added the members elected by Parliament in parallel with the provisions of the Constitution for the High Council of the Judiciary. In this way, an attempt was made to release the Presidency Council for tax justice from the Ministry of Economy and Finance, the department in which tax magistrates are incardinated who, moreover, unlike other special judges, are honorary magistrates.
The annual report on the progress of tax justice is presented to the Minister of Economy and Finance and not to the Head of State.
Structure
Council of Tax Justice is established by decree of the President of the Republic, and is based in Rome, via Solferino 15.
It is composed of:
eleven tax magistrates elected by and from among the members of the provincial and regional tax commissions;
four members elected by the Parliament, two by the Chamber of Deputies and two by the Senate of the Republic with an absolute majority, from among university professors in legal matters or persons authorized to defend before tax commissions who have been registered in their respective professional registers for at least twelve years.
The presidential council remains in office for four years and elects from among its members the president (chosen from one of the members nominated by parliament) and two vice presidents .
The current Council of the Presidency of Tax Justice (decree of the President of the Republic 31/12/2013), Antonio Leone, took office on 18 September 2018, operates through the referring commissions and the plenum.
References
Government ministries of Italy
Palaeotodus is an extinct genus of todies in the family Todidae. The genus has at least three species known from fossils found in west-central Europe and western North America.
Species
The following species are classified within the genus:
†Palaeotodus emryi - Olson, 1976: Oligocene fossils found in Wyoming (U.S.A.). These remains indicate a larger size and proportionally larger wings than those of the modern todies
†Palaeotodus escampsiensis - Mourer-Chauviré, 1985: Upper Eocene fossils found in France
†Palaeotodus itardiensis - Mourer-Chauviré, 1985: Lower Oligocene fossils found in France
References
Prehistoric bird genera
Prehistoric birds of Europe
Paleogene France
Fossils of France
Quercy Phosphorites Formation
Prehistoric birds of North America
This is the list of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert episodes that aired in 2019.
2019
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
References
External links
Official website
Lineups
Episodes 2019
2019 American television seasons
Lists of American non-fiction television series episodes
Lists of variety television series episodes
Tazehabad (, also Romanized as Tāzehābād) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 361, in 88 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
A power of 10 is any of the integer powers of the number ten; in other words, ten multiplied by itself a certain number of times (when the power is a positive integer). By definition, the number one is a power (the zeroth power) of ten. The first few non-negative powers of ten are:
1, 10, 100, 1,000, 10,000, 100,000, 1,000,000, 10,000,000. ...
Positive powers
In decimal notation the nth power of ten is written as '1' followed by n zeroes. It can also be written as 10n or as 1En in E notation. See order of magnitude and orders of magnitude (numbers) for named powers of ten. There are two conventions for naming positive powers of ten, beginning with 109, called the long and short scales. Where a power of ten has different names in the two conventions, the long scale name is shown in parentheses.
The positive 10 power related to a short scale name can be determined based on its Latin name-prefix using the following formula:
10[(prefix-number + 1) × 3]
Examples:
a billion = 10[(2 + 1) × 3] = 109
octillion = 10[(8 + 1) × 3] = 1027
Negative powers
The sequence of powers of ten can also be extended to negative powers.
Similar to the positive powers, the negative power of 10 related to a short scale name can be determined based on its Latin name-prefix using the following formula:
10−[(prefix-number + 1) × 3]
Examples:
billionth = 10−[(2 + 1) × 3] = 10−9
quintillionth = 10−[(5 + 1) × 3] = 10−18
Googol
The number googol is 10100. The term was coined by 9-year-old Milton Sirotta, nephew of American mathematician Edward Kasner. It was popularized in Kasner's 1940 book Mathematics and the Imagination, where it was used to compare and illustrate very large numbers. Googolplex, a much larger power of ten (10 to the googol power, or 1010100), was also introduced in that book. (Read below)
Googolplex
The number googolplex is 10googol, or 1010,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, and was also made by Edward Kasner's nephew. (Read above)
Scientific notation
Scientific notation is a way of writing numbers of very large and very small sizes compactly when precision is less important.
A number written in scientific notation has a significand (sometime called a mantissa) multiplied by a power of ten.
Sometimes written in the form:
m × 10n
Or more compactly as:
10n
This is generally used to denote powers of 10. Where n is positive, this indicates the number of zeros after the number, and where the n is negative, this indicates the number of decimal places before the number.
As an example:
105 = 100,000
10−5 = 0.00001'
The notation of mEn, known as E notation, is used in computer programming, spreadsheets and databases, but is not used in scientific papers.
See also
Power of two
Power of three
SI prefix
Cosmic View, inspiration for the film Powers of TenExponentiation
Further reading
Video
Powers of Ten (1977). Nine-minute film. US Public Broadcasting Service (PBS),'' made by Charles and Ray Eames. "An adventure in magnitudes. Starting at a picnic by the lakeside in Chicago, this film transports the viewer to the outer edges of the universe. Every ten seconds we view the starting point from ten times farther out until our own galaxy is visible only as a speck of light among many others. Returning to Earth with breathtaking speed, we move inward - into the hand of the sleeping picnicker - with ten times more magnification every ten seconds. Our journey ends inside a proton of a carbon atom within a DNA molecule in a white blood cell."
References
Powers of ten
Integer sequences
Orders of magnitude
Samuel Timothy McGraw is an American country music singer, songwriter and actor.
Samuel or Sam McGraw may also refer to:
Samuel McGraw, namesake of McGraw, New York
Sam McGraw, ring name of Barry Buchanan
Yunist Stadium () is a football stadium in Horishni Plavni. For the 2008-09 season of Ukrainian Second League, the stadium was a home arena for FC Hirnyk-Sport Komsomolsk and FC Kremin Kremenchuk.
References
External links
Younist Stadium
Football venues in Poltava Oblast
FC Kremin Kremenchuk
FC Hirnyk-Sport Horishni Plavni
Sports venues in Poltava Oblast
Invader () is a 2012 Spanish-French action thriller film directed by Daniel Calparsoro which stars Alberto Ammann, Antonio de la Torre, Karra Elejalde and Inma Cuesta. It is based on Fernando Marías's work Invasor.
Plot
Pablo, a Spanish military physician, suffers an attack in Iraq that leaves them badly wounded. Upon returning home with their wife Ángela and daughter Pilar, a recovering Pablo begins to cast doubt on the official version of the events.
Cast
Production
Based on the novel Invasor by Fernando Marías, the screenplay was penned by Javier Gullón and Jorge Arenillas. The film was produced by Vaca Films and Morena Films in co-production with Mandarin, with the participation and collaboration of TVE, Canal+, Ono, TVG, and Xunta de Galicia. The film was shot in Fuerteventura and Lanzarote (in the Canary Islands) as well as in A Coruña (Galicia).
Release
Distributed by Buena Vista International, the film was theatrically released in Spain on 30 November 2012.
Reception
Irene Crespo of Cinemanía rated the film 3 out of 5 stars, assessing the conspiracy-heavy film to "go all in in the action side and falling halfway in the thriller side", featuring "action scenes perfectly choreographed and sized to the needs of the story, making for an enjoyable time", with the story losing credibility as it delves into the protagonist's moral dilemmas.
Pere Vall of Fotogramas rated the film 2 out of 5 stars, considering that the backdrop (involving plots and corruption) in which the mishaps of the protagonist take place is not sketched adequately enough, while citing some action scenes and the cast's soundness to be among the best things about the film.
Jonathan Holland of Variety deemed the film—"a Spanish contribution to the burgeoning genre of Iraq-themed anti-war movies"—to be a "highly charged, good-looking but deeply flawed thriller about governmental spin".
Raquel Hernández Luján of HobbyConsolas scored 70 out of 100 points ("good"), considering the "fabulous" cinematography as well as the choice of camera shots to be the best things about the film, while singling out the film's failure to thrill (or convince) in its central section and the way information is provided to be the worst things about it.
Accolades
|-
| align = "center" rowspan = "16" | 2013 || rowspan = "5" | 27th Goya Awards || Best Adapted Screenplay || Javier Gullón, Jorge Arenillas || || rowspan = "5" |
|-
| Best Supporting Actor || Antonio de la Torre ||
|-
| Best Editing || Antonio Frutos, David Pinillos ||
|-
| Best Sound || Sergio Bürmann, Nicolás de Poulpiquet, James Muñoz ||
|-
| Best Special Effects || Reyes Abades, Isidro Jiménez ||
|-
| rowspan = "11" | 11th Mestre Mateo Awards || colspan = "2" | Best Feature Film || || rowspan = "11" |
|-
| rowspan = "2" | Best Supporting Actor || Antonio de la Torre ||
|-
| Karra Elejalde ||
|-
| Best Supporting Actress || Inma Cuesta ||
|-
| Best Direction || Daniel Calparsoro ||
|-
| Best Art Direction || Juan Pedro de Gaspar ||
|-
| Best Screenplay || Javier Gullón, Jorge Arenillas ||
|-
| Best Editing || Antonio Frutos, David Pinillos ||
|-
| Best Sound || Sergio Bürmann, James Muñoz, Nicolás de Poulpiquet ||
|-
| Best Makeup and Hairstyles || Raquel F. Fidalgo, Paco Rodríguez ||
|-
| Best Production Supervision || Jordi Berenguer ||
|}
See also
List of Spanish films of 2012
References
External links
Invader at ICAA's Catálogo de Cinespañol
2012 action thriller films
Spanish action thriller films
Morena Films films
Vaca Films films
Iraq War films
Films shot in Galicia (Spain)
Films shot in the Canary Islands
Films based on Spanish novels
French action thriller films
2010s Spanish films
2010s French films
"" () is a song performed by Latin pop singer Paulina Rubio. The song was recorded for their ninth studio album Gran City Pop, released as the third single to radios on March 22, 2010, in Spain and on May 19, 2010, in the United States. The song is produced by Lester Méndez and written by Rafael Vergara, Mauricio Gasca and herself.
Promotion
The song was used as the opening track for Rubio's "Gran City Pop Tour".
The song was also performed at the 2010 Pepsi Super Bowl Fan Jam.
The song has two remixes produced by French DJ Junior Caldera; both remixes were released for digital download on April 20, 2010.
Paulina performed the song for the first time at the 2010 Billboard Latin Music Awards on April 29, 2010, as a duet with rapper/singer "Wyclef Jean".
Critical reception
"Algo De Ti" is widely accepted among Rubio's fans calling it a "standout track" from Gran City Pop.
Music video
The music video was filmed in Miami on 26 February 2010, was directed by Steven Oritt of American directing team Terrero Films, and produced by Erin Judd an co-produced by Jessy Terrero (who filmed the two video versions of Rubio's "Ni Rosas Ni Juguetes"). It premiered on Rubio's official YouTube channel on 1 June 2010.
Versions & Remixes
Album Version —4:05
Junior Caldera Remix Club —6:06
Junior Caldera Remix Edit —3:42
Juan Magán Remix Urban —3:23
Juan Magan Remix Dance —3:37
Chart performance
The song debuted at number 50 in Spain on the issue date of week 17. It peaked at number 48 from week 18 to week 19 due to high downloads, as the song was not distributed to radio stations. 'Universal Music Latino' declined to release 'Algo De Ti" to radio outlets, as a result it was unable to chart. It received radio support only from Los Angeles KSSE 107.1 FM Super Estrella station.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
References
External links
Paulina Rubio — UniversalMusica.com
2009 songs
2010 singles
Paulina Rubio songs
Spanish-language songs
Music videos directed by Jessy Terrero
Song recordings produced by Lester Mendez
Universal Music Latino singles
Songs written by Paulina Rubio
"Hole in My Shoe" is a song by English rock band Traffic featuring a spoken-word midsection by Chris Blackwell's stepdaughter, Francine Heimann, in which they tell a little story about a giant albatross. It was released as a single in 1967 and reached number 2 in the UK Singles Chart, number 22 in the German charts, and number 4 in Canada. Composed by guitarist Dave Mason, it was disliked by the other three members of the group who felt that it did not represent the band's musical or lyrical style.
Personnel
Musicians
Jim Capaldi – drums, percussion, vocals
Dave Mason – guitar, Mellotron, sitar, tambura, harmonica, percussion, vocals
Steve Winwood – Hammond organ, guitar, bass guitar, piano, harpsichord, percussion, vocals, arrangements
Chris Wood – flute, saxophone, Hammond organ, percussion, vocals
Francine Heimann - spoken-word midsection (uncredited)
Technical
Eddie Kramer – engineer
Jimmy Miller – producer
Cover version
In July 1984, Nigel Planer, who played Neil in the BBC sitcom The Young Ones , recorded a cover version of the song, which reached the same number 2 peak as the original. It also peaked at number 29 in Australia. Their version featured Barbara Gaskin on backing vocals and was produced by Dave Stewart.
References
Traffic (band) songs
1967 singles
1984 singles
Irish Singles Chart number-one singles
Songs written by Dave Mason
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Miller
1967 songs
Island Records singles
United Artists Records singles
Musical parodies
Psychedelic songs
Ledburn is a hamlet in the parish of Mentmore, in Buckinghamshire, England.
History
The name Ledburn is Anglo Saxon in origin, and means "stream with a conduit". In manorial records of 1212 it was recorded as "Leteburn".
The hamlet consists of two roads with a mixture of Victorian cottages and modern houses, a public house (The Hare) which was converted to private dwellings in 2016, two 16th century farm houses and a manor house. Ledburn Manor was built in the 16th century, and in the early 18th century it was given a new front facade in the classical style.
During the 19th and 20th century, the hamlet was owned by Baron Mayer de Rothschild and, by inheritance, became part of the Earl of Rosebery's Mentmore estate. The manor house at that time served as the estate office and home of the resident Land Agent. A tiny Methodist chapel in the hamlet has recently been converted to a private house.
The agricultural land in the village, having passed out of the Rothschild's ownership in the 20th century, is now back in the family's ownership, and is part of Sir Evelyn de Rothschild's Ascott Estate.
Ledburn was the scene of the so-called Great Train Robbery, in which a £2.6 million train robbery was committed at Bridego Railway Bridge (Bridge Number 127) on 8 August 1963.
References
External links
BBC News On This Day archive: The Great Train Robbery of 1963
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Great Train Robbery (1963)
NAVCIS or Navcis can mean:
NavCIS, the former CompuServe Navigator
NAVCIS, the British National Vehicle Crime Intelligence Service
Artyom Maksimovich Okulov (, born 5 May 1994) is a Russian weightlifter, and two time World Champion competing in the 85 kg category until 2018 and 89 kg starting in 2018 after the International Weightlifting Federation reorganized the categories.
Career
At the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics they won the gold medal in the 77 kg category with a total of 327 kg.
They were the bronze medalist in the 85 kg category at both the 2013 and 2014 World Championships.
In 2015 they became world champion in the 85 kg category, and Okulov was named Honored Master of Sports of Russia, the highest national sports title.
In 2018, the International Weightlifting Federation restructured the weight categories, and Okulov competed in, and won the 89 kg category becoming World Champion again.
Major results
References
External links
Russian male weightlifters
Living people
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Weightlifters at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
1994 births
Universiade medalists in weightlifting
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Russia
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Orange (Orange-Montisel) is a French village and ski resort located in the commune of Saint-Sixt, in the department of Haute-Savoie, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. It lies above the commune of La Roche-sur-Foron.
Geography
Orange is located near La Roche-sur-Foron, in the department of Haute-Savoie, at an altitude of 1100–1170 meters. Despite its relatively low altitude, Orange receives a generous amount of snowfall during the winter, partly thanks to its location in the heart of the Plateau des Bornes, which experiences a snowy microclimate.
Activities
Winter sports
Orange is especially known as a site for cross-country skiing. It contains trails categorized as piste verte (easy), piste bleue (moderately difficult) and piste rouge (difficult).
Ski resorts in France
MAVA Company was the Greek importer of Renault automobiles. In 1979, it decided to enter the car-production business introducing a passenger-utility car, a type then very popular in Greece for tax cetagorization reasons. MAVA assigned the creation of the car to Georgios Michael, a Greek designer credited with the design of Neorion Chicago, as well as that of several other Greek vehicles. Michael and their team completed the development and prototype construction (on Renault mechanicals) in record-time and the car, named Farma, was introduced the same year. MAVA had insisted that the car should be presented as a "Renault model" and thus the prototype was tested and approved by the French company.
The Farma, accordingly bearing the Renault logo, was produced in a variety of versions, including "passenger" and "van" types. It had a 4-cylinder 845 cc engine and could reach a top speed of about . A total of 4500 were built, including the "pure jeep-type" Σ model introduced in 1983, and some minor face-lifts. The attractive car had also received a modest publicity in the European press. By 1985, the Greek law had changed affecting the market for this type of vehicles, thus making their production unprofitable. Michael and their team then worked on a new model; the much more advanced (and particularly attractive) new Farma Change was introduced in 1985. By that time, though, MAVA had scrapped the whole project and only one car, the prototype of the new model, was built.
See also
Oyak-Renault
Bulgarrenault
References
L.S. Skartsis and G.A. Avramidis, "Made in Greece", Typorama, Patras, Greece (2003) (republished by the University of Patras Science Park, 2007)
L.S. Skartsis, "Greek Vehicle & Machine Manufacturers 1800 to present: A Pictorial History", Marathon (2012) (eBook)
K. Bitsikokos, "Affordable cars made in Greece", Auto Bild (Hellas), issue 22, Feb 29, 2008
External links
Farma in "Renault rarities"
Renault concepts (in French)
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Greece
Cars of Greece
Renault
William Hegney (11 January 1896 – 13 October 1982) was an Australian politician who was a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1939 to 1968. They served as a minister in the government of Albert Hawke.
Hegney was born in Melbourne, as was their older brother James (also a future MP). The brothers came to Western Australia as children, where their father worked for Western Australian Government Railways. Hegney initially worked as a clerk with the Taxation Department, but later moved to the country, working as a shear and labourer. From 1920, they were the secretary and organiser of the Australian Workers' Union (AWU) in Northam, with responsibility for much of regional Western Australia. At the 1927 state election, Hegney ran against Sir James Mitchell, the Leader of the Opposition, losing by only a small margin. They were soon after elected to the state executive of the AWU, and eventually elected as a delegate from Western Australia to the AWU national executive council.
At the 1939 state election, Hegney was elected to the seat of Pilbara, defeating the sitting Nationalist member, Frank Welsh. At the 1947 election, they defeated an independent candidate, Leonard Taplin, by only a single vote, a result that was subsequently overturned by the Court of Disputed Returns. They went on to win the resulting by-election, keeping their seat. Hegney switched to the seat of Mount Hawthorn (located within the Perth metropolitan area) at the 1950 election. Their old seat was won by Aloysius Rodoreda, the former member for Roebourne. After Labor's victory at the 1953 election, Hegney was made Minister for Native Welfare, Minister for Labour, and Minister for Prices in the Hawke government. After the 1956 election, their titles were Minister for Labour and Minister for Education, which they held until the defeat of the Labor government three years later. Hegney remained in parliament until their retirement at the 1968 election.
References
|-
|-
1896 births
1982 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Australian trade unionists
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Melbourne
20th-century Australian politicians
The Prieuré de l'Oiselière is a priory located at Saint-Planchers, near Granville, in France. Nestled in a valley bordering the watercourse that bears its name, surrounded by fortified walls and moats, its history dates back to the 12th century. It was a dependency of the abbots of Mont-Saint-Michel who organised the cultivation of the fields and the woods and collected taxes. It was also a local justice court.
Restoration of the priory began in 1989, when it was classified as a Monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture.
History
Founding
In 1022, Richard II (Duke of Normandy) gave the Priory of Saint-Pair and its outbuildings to Mont-Saint-Michel Abbey. The area was bound to the east by the public road of Coutances, to the north by the (a coastal river), to the south by the small river Thar, and to the west by the sea with the island of Chausey.
Various writings on local history describe the Oiselière as being part of the dependencies of the abbey of Saint-Pair, of which no other written or archaeological trace is known. Thomas Le Roy has also claimed the 'Oiselière' is the priory of Saint-Pair that in 1321 appears by name in historical acts authorizing the construction of its chapel. They refer to the construction of a chapel in Loysellière in 1321, and the inventory of the charters of Mont-Saint-Michel from the 14th century which read: "Concessio episcopi pro capella de Loiseliere" which means: authorization of the bishop for the chapel of Oiselière.
In 1321, the chapel was added to an existing building. Studies of present-day Oiselière allow us to imagine the building that was there before the additions. Rectangular in shape, it was on the site of the present cathedral hall and farmhouse. Its western exterior buttress forms the eastern and the northern walls of the cathedral hall and is visible from inside the ground floor of the present day manor. The addition of the chapel was made to the west of this first building.
The Prael Forest, which was a dependency of Oiselière, is mentioned by name earlier than Oiselière itself. In 1294, there is a record of a donation to the monks by Thomas, esquire, Lord du Pont, of the Prael Forest, situated in the parish of Saint-Planchers. In 1297 a judgment was given between Guillaume du Bois and the monks for the Prael Forest in Saint-Planchers. It was found that Guillaume du Bois had the right to keep four cows and ten pigs in pasture and to take a cartload of wood each week (1297).
The Hundred Years' War
The history of the abbots of Mont-Saint-Michel provides historical insight for the following years.
"In the year 1420, the Abbot Jolivet, troubled by so many pains and fatigues endured with the upkeep and maintenance of this place of Mont-St-Michel, [...] no longer having the heart to continue, comes out of their monastery the same year 1420, and leaves. They let their monks act in their discretion. They will no longer come there, staying sometimes at Rouen, sometimes at L'Oiseliere, and elsewhere, where they see fit. They do so well, being outside of this monastery, that they obtain the benevolence of the King of England, who allows them to enjoy all the possessions that this monastery has in the province of Normandy, which the asupervisorstioned Englishman occupies for him, and our Robert behaves as they wish without yielding any denier to their monks who carry the weight of the day and the heat, to preserve this place under the rule of the king of France. They are extremely poor, almost all the income and the most handsome revenue being in Normandy, from which Mgr Abbot Jolivet lives extravagantly and serves their friends lavish food, leaving their monks without bread."...Michel Delalonde, "Manoirs du pays de Granville", in Art of Lower Normandy n ° 36 winter 1964-1965, ."The first calamity to befall the Oiselière dates to the year 1442 when, since it had been confiscated by the King of England twenty-five years ago, the French, who came to reclaim Granville, seized the manor, pillaged it, set it afire and partially destroyed it."
The Renaissance
In 1509, the Abbot undertook great works at the Oiselière, in a graceful style that this era saw flourish. Their brother J. de Lamps, according to the Gallia Christiana, would go on to complete this work.
The plan of the Oiselière (1766) gives an idea of these works with the addition of the manor in the west. In the style of the Renaissance, terraced gardens were established on the site of the ramparts of the first building.
Commendatory abbots
The Oiselière served as a refuge for (the illegitimate son recognized by Charles I, Count of Brissac) who in 1562 became bishop of Coutances, during one of the French wars of religion, then abbot of Mont-Saint-Michel in 1570. They died there in 1587.
The commendatory abbots, more concerned about the collection of income than the maintenance of buildings, let the manor fall into ruin.
The 1698 statistics indicate that the barony of the Oiselière, whose manor was in the parish of Saint-Planchers, belonged to the abbots and priests of Mont-Saint-Michel. The term "barony" appears for the first time on this document and seems to indicate that L'Oiseliere was at that time more than a manor house and that its domain was considered big enough to justify this title.
Thomas Cambernon was the last owner to benefit from the profits of the Oiselière, before the lands were sold during the Revolution.
Abandonment and restoration
Over time, the surrounding residents used the buildings as a source of construction material. In 1878, Father Lecanu noted with sadness that the chapel had been divided into several rooms and appropriated for secular purposes, a bed occupying the place of the altar.
"All the defensive apparatus of the first fortified manor has practically disappeared: the body of water, evaporated; the moats, partially filled; the enclosure, whose walls are buttressed, is entirely filled with gaps; only the double curved porch still gives access to the vast inner courtyard."
It was not until its addition to the Monument historique list by decree of November 27, 1989, that restoration began.
References
Monuments historiques of Normandy
Buildings and structures in Manche
Benedictine monasteries in France
Autoroute 573 is a short spur road located in Québec City, Quebec, connecting Autoroutes 73 and 40 to Route 369. It facilitates access to the CFB Valcartier military base.
The portion north of Avenue Industrielle is a two-lane super two-style road with signalized intersections.
Exit list
References
External links
Transport Quebec website
Transports Quebec Map
A-573 at Quebec Autoroutes
73-5
Streets in Quebec City
A Batalha do Apocalipse: Da Queda dos Anjos ao Crepúsculo do Mundo (The Battle of Apocalypse: From the Fall of Angels to the Twilight of the World) is a book written by Brazilian journalist Eduardo Spohr, published in 2007 by Jovem Nerd site, in 2009 by the imprint created by site and in 2010 by Verus. The plot revolves around character Ablon, a renegade angel doomed to wander the world of men for having rebelled against the archangel Michael. Other characters include Shamira "the Witch of Endor", which helps the historic journey to the apocalypse.
With a total of 586 pages, the book is divided into 3 parts titled The Holy Avenger, The Wrath of God and the Scourge of Fire.
In 2011, the book was released in the Netherlands, under the name Engelen van Apocalyps.
Plot
In the distant past, the Celestial Paradise was the scene of a terrible uprising. A group of warrior angels, lovers of justice and freedom, challenged the tyranny of the powerful archangels, raising arms against their oppressors. Expelled, the renegades were forced into exile, and condemned to wander the world of men until the final judgement.
But then comes the moment of Revelation, the time of reckoning, the day of the awakening of the Most High. Ablon, sole survivor of the purge and leader of the renegades, is invited by Lucifer, to join their legions in the battle of Armageddon, the final struggle between Heaven and Hell, the war that will decide not only the fate of the world, but the future of the universe.
From the ruins of Babylon to the splendour of the Roman Empire, from the vast plains of China to the frozen castles in medieval England. A Batalha do Apocalipse is not just a journey through human history, but also a journey of knowledge, an exciting epic, full of heroic struggles, magic, romance and suspense.
The Book
A constant journey between past, present and future the author begins the book introducing us to two important characters of their story: the archangels Michael and Uzziel. In that first moment they begin to present the personality of Michael and the context in which their story unfolds, God, soon after the creation on the seventh day - where the Bible refers to the time of your rest - enters a sleep deeper and you awake, supposedly the day of Judgement. Mankind then falls under the "guide" of the Archangels and their subordinates, the angels.
There are five Archangels: Michael, the prince of the angels, heir to that title by being the firstborn. Uziel, commander of the armies of cherubim. Rafael, who was exiled after the fight of their brothers archangels. Gabriel, Master of Fire, rebelled against Archangel Michael. And, Lucifer, the morning star.
As might be expected, Lucifer naturally craved the throne of their brother and it is around that nebulous plot that the course of the story takes place, as the rivalry between the two brothers is the main character of the book. The former general of the cherubim, Ablon, comes to us in Rio de Janeiro, in the near future, in the "hands of the Creator", i.e., standing in the hands of Christ the Redeemer. They meet their friend Orion, former King of Atlantis and current servant of Lucifer, who comes to propose a truce. Ablon's rival Apollyon is a deadly protagonist.
Characters
Archangel Michael: The Prince of angels, and the most radical of them. Later the leader of the archangels. They defeated the armies of Lucifer and drove them to Sheol.
Ablon, the Renegade Angel or also called First General: The protagonist of the book. Over the years on earth, Ablon traveled through diverse corners of the world, always escaping from various dangers. At the present moment of the book, Ablon is in Brazil, in the city of Rio de Janeiro, and becomes the leader of a great gathering of angels.
Lucifer, the Morning Star or the Son of the Dawn: After revolting against their brother Michael, today they have their own kingdom in the depths of Hell.
Archangel Gabriel, The Master of the Fire or Messenger: They came too close to human beings, and therefore they adhered to their cause. Like Lucifer, they also revolted against Michael, but for less selfish motives.
Archangel Raphael, the Cure of God: Being the kindest of the archangels, in the time of the deluge, they disappeared from paradise, causing everyone to believe that they had descended to the earth to live as a mortal.
Archangel Uziel, the Golden Marshal: The youngest among the archangels. Commander of the order of the cherubim (the soldiers of God).
Apollyon, the Destroying Angel: Lucifer's favourite warrior. When they fell with him, they became one of the nine Dukes of Hell.
Shamira, the Witch of En-Dor: Having been trained early in the arts of magic and necromancy, Shamira met Ablon when they saved them from their persecutors in Babylon. Since then, both have been helping each other as they can each time they meet.
Amael, the Lord of the Volcanoes: After helping the Archangel Michael to create the biblical flood, they repented and ended up following Lucifer and falling in Sheol. To this day they cry fervent tears for the atrocities they committed.
Flower-of-the-East: Daughter of Chinese nobles. Them tongue was cut off and they were sold after a revolution.  They are a great help to the Witch of En-Dor in saving the Ablon from death.
Important Places
Heavenly Palace: the stronghold of the archangels in the Fifth Heaven, the most central and important point of the heavenly paradise.
Fortress of Zion: the greatest bastion of the forces of the archangel Michael out of the sky. Located in the ethereal plane, under the worldly city of Jerusalem.
Citadel of Fire: the First region of Heaven which is the meeting point of ishins. It was ruled by Amael, then by Aziel, and later became the headquarters of Gabriel and the new rebels.
Tsafon, Mount of the Congregation: the highest region of the Seventh Heaven where God was asleep.
Sheol: the dimension where the remains of Tehom and the gods of darkness were buried. It later served as home to Lucifer and their fallen angels, becoming known as Hell.
Castle of Light: the main stronghold of the cherubim, located in the Fourth Heaven.
Summary
In Aurora the ages there has always been good and evil, which was destroyed by God along with their archangels created for the purpose of governing and protecting the earth. Long before the creation of man, God created the Archangels and soon the angels to serve and protect their creation. 7 days say they are very well explained in this book where each day was summed up in a million years, which led to the creation of the world we live in today. At the end of the sixth day, God was tired, and "fell asleep" at Mount Tsafon and let the angels and archangels to take care of all their creation, especially man, created in their image and likeness.
After the creation of men, still live on the seventh day, which God is asleep and we are governed by angels. In the glory days, the Archangel Michael, the first created by God, the eldest son, they felt diminished, and blinded by envy and jealousy by humans, ordered mass destruction, but was barred by the legion of warriors, 18 renegade angels, led by Ablon, hero of this book.
These angels were sentenced to 18 Haled (earth) and trapped in their avatars and forever pursued by warriors Miguel, until they are killed because they were considered traitors of heaven and condemned to live humans stuck together that both defended until the end of time, the end of the seventh day, the Day of Reckoning where God and awaken your universe exilaria those who were against their will.
Lucifer also made a revolution, claiming to defend human but it was just jealousy for their brother what motivated him, making them take Sheol (hell) and third heaven, where there was created the refuge of evil, for which all unjust and malicious would be sent. And so begins the era of a hero, the protagonist of this book that involves romance, mystery, action, fiction and mysteries never before revealed. Ablon goes through various adventures, hovering past and present in which is supported by the witch of Endor (Shamira) which saved them from the hands of the tyrant king of Babylon, destroyed himself. Remembering here that even before Lucifer was exiled renegade angels existed, which is different from Lucifer, the fallen angel.
After various adventures experienced by Ablon, finally comes the time of the Day of Reckoning, the famous Battle of Armageddon which will decide the future of humanity, the planet and all the beings that inhabit it. It is the legendary battle between the defender of humanity and the Archangel Michael, overcome by jealousy and greed, which led to them being the most tyrannical of all the universe, trying to match up to God who in their sick mind believed was their destiny.
Ablon, when they discover that Ishatar (his partner renegade) was murdered by Black Angel, gets mad and blind with rage, but they were dead on behalf of a secret that would change the entire fate of the universe, a secret which Ablon only discover at the last breath of their life. The book of Revelation Battle involves mysteries never revealed. It's like reading the Apocalypse, but in an innovative language and full of answers.
Reviews
"There is nothing in known Portuguese literature that resembles the Battle of the Apocalypse." - José Louzeiro, writer and screenwriter
Movie
Several book fans believed that the work would receive an adjustment to the theaters because of its great success in Brazil and abroad. However, no company decided to acquire their rights, and work only followed in bookstores.
References
Brazilian fantasy novels
2010 novels
Koun Mom () is a district in Ratanakiri Province, north-east Cambodia. In 1998, it had a population of 8,814.
Administration
The district is subdivided into six communes (khum), which are further subdivided into 23 villages (phum).
References
Districts of Ratanakiri province
Frank Glazier (born January 4, 1934) is a former American football coach. They served as the head football coach at William Paterson University team in Wayne Township, New Jersey for four years, from 1978 to 1981, compiled a record of 17–22–1.
Head coaching record
References
1934 births
Living people
William Paterson Pioneers football coaches
A Hoberman sphere is an isokinetic structure patented by Chuck Hoberman that resembles a geodesic dome, but is capable of folding down to a fraction of its normal size by the scissor-like action of its joints. Colorful plastic versions have become popular as children's toys: several toy sizes exist, with the original design capable of expanding from in diameter to .
Description
A Hoberman sphere typically consists of six great circles corresponding to the edges of an icosidodecahedron. The Hoberman sphere can be unfolded by allowing certain members to spread apart. The operation of each joint is linked to all the others in scissors mechanism like those used to mount pantograph mirrors, or how a folding chair operates. In larger models, this can be accomplished by feeding out a string or cable instead.
The largest existing Hoberman sphere is in the AHHAA Science Center in Tartu, Estonia. Fully expanded, it is in diameter. The motorized sphere weighs , is constructed of aircraft-grade aluminum, and continually oscillates between its compact and expanded states. The sphere is suspended above the Center's Science Court and is actuated with a computer-based motion control system. This system opens and closes the sphere in a programmed series of lyrical motions choreographed to music, lighting and special effects.
An earlier, similar but slightly smaller Hoberman sphere is in the atrium of Liberty Science Center in Jersey City, New Jersey. The sphere, when fully expanded, measures in diameter.
In 1993 a smaller geodesic sphere was installed at the Swiss Science Center Technorama in Winterthur, Switzerland.
See also
Hoberman mechanism
References
Further reading
Greg Lynn (2014), Expanding sphere, Canadian Centre for Architecture
External links
Hoberman.com - Welcome to the World of Magical Transformation
"Radial expansion/retraction truss structures". Google Patents
how to make a K'nex Hoberman sphere
How to make a popsicle Hoberman sphere
Linkages (mechanical)
Polyhedra
Educational toys
Otelixizumab, also known as TRX4, is a monoclonal antibody, which is being developed for the treatment of type 1 diabetes and other autoimmune diseases. The antibody is being developed by Tolerx, Inc. in collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline and is being manufactured by Abbott Laboratories.
Mechanism of action
Otelixizumab is one of several investigational monoclonal antibodies that target CD3, a T lymphocyte receptor involved in normal cell signaling. More specifically, otelixizumab targets the epsilon chain of CD3. Data suggest that the drug works by blocking the function of effector T cells, which mistakenly attack and destroy insulin-producing beta cells, while stimulating regulatory T cells, which are understood to protect against effector T cell damage, thus preserving the beta cells' normal ability to make insulin.
Proof of concept was established in a randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 2 study. These data demonstrated otelixizumab's ability to preserve beta cell function, as measured by C-peptide, in patients up to 18 months after dosing, as well as reduce the need for delivered insulin to maintain glucose control.
Clinical progress
The efficacy and safety of otelixizumab for the treatment of autoimmune type 1 diabetes was studied in a pivotal Phase 3 study called DEFEND (Durable-response therapy Evaluation For Early or New-onset type 1 Diabetes). DEFEND was a randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial designed to enroll approximately 240 adult patients, age 18 to 45, with newly diagnosed autoimmune type 1 diabetes. DEFEND was conducted at multiple centers in North America and Europe. The trial was designed to evaluate whether a single course of otelixizumab, administered not more than 90 days after the initial diagnosis, would reduce the amount of administered insulin required to control blood glucose levels by inhibiting the destruction of beta cells. The trial failed to show efficacy of the treatment.
Orphan drug status
Otelixizumab has been granted "orphan drug" status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Chemistry
As a monoclonal antibody, otelixizumab consists of two heavy chains and two light chains. The heavy chains are humanized γ1 (gamma-1) chains from rats, making otelixizumab an immunoglobulin G1. The light chains are chimeric human/rat λ (lambda) chains.
References
Monoclonal antibodies
Experimental drugs
AbbVie brands
GSK plc brands
Here We Are is a novel published in 2020 by English author Graham Swift concerning a magician on Brighton Palace Pier.
Plot
At the age of eight, Ronnie Deane was evacuated at the beginning of World War 2 from Bethnal Green to a large house called 'Evergrene' in rural Oxfordshire, where a childless Lawrences looked after him. Ronnie was taught magic tricks (or as they preferred 'illusions') by Eric Lawrence ('Lorenzo') and became an accomplished magician.
In 1959 Jack Robinson was the compare at a variety show on Brighton Pier where they advised up-and-coming magician Ronnie to advertise for an assistant. Ronnie and Evie became Pablo and Eve and moved up the bill, becoming the star of the show, and became engaged. Then Ronnie's mother died, while Evie remained in Brighton where Jack and Evie started an affair. On returning to Brighton, Ronnie and Evie broke off the engagement, but continued to draw in the crowds. By the end of the season Ronnie was now the 'Great Pablo', but the last performance was their greatest show.
Jack and Evie married, fifty years later Jack dies and Evie looks back over their life, specifically the final show on Brighton Pier where they question about what really happened...
Reception
Barney Norris writing in The Guardian praises the novel "The book wonderfully captures the experience of evacuation during the second world war, which offers a lens through which to study the relationship between growing up and displacement...the thing about this novel: it has an archetypal quality, reminiscent of a folktale, that encourages the reader to think of the vanished stories their own family histories might reveal. I don't know quite how Swift does it – the book is light, perhaps slight, and the story is all told at one or two removes so that it reads as though it's happening in the next room. And yet it's a magical piece of writing: the work of a novelist on scintillating form."
In World Literature Today, Donald P. Kaczvinsky writes: "Here We Are evokes an age gone by, a world that vanished with the popularity of television and the appearance of the Beatles. Part rural idyll, part 1950s show-biz romance, Here We Are may seem wistfully nostalgic, barely in touch with the terrorism, global economy, and digital dominance that characterize our current times. Through the lives of these three characters, however, Swift captures, in stunning prose, the often-sad truths about maturation, love, and friendship—themes still relevant today. And in the astonishing culmination of the novel, as in all good magic shows, Swift stage-manages a disappearing act—a literary sleight of hand—that makes the reader wonder, 'How did they ever do that?'".
Simon Baker in Literature Review is more critical "After a while, though, the reader may feel (as this one did) that it is all perhaps a bit too familiar and that a few clinching details would have enlivened what occasionally tends towards stock portrayal.Another slight weakness is that too often we're simply told things. Not enough of the novel is dramatised, and so not enough of the novel is dramatic. Instead the story unfolds mainly through summary, with Swift more often telling than showing what happened. That said, Here We Are – and indeed Swift themselves – is too good to fall flat. It is nevertheless a pleasurable, low-gear excursion into the recent, yet strangely ancient past."
In NPR, Helen McAlpin writes "Swift fills us in on what happened to the remaining two of their trio in the half-century since they met in Brighton, but builds suspense and keeps us turning pages to find out what happened to the magician. Readers who hope for the curtain to be drawn back completely may be as disappointed as audiences looking for the secrets behind conjuring a parrot from thin air and then making it disappear without a trace...Swift has demonstrated wizardry in their ability to conjure magic out of ordinary lives."
Allan Massie in The Scotsman is positive "Here We Are is a delight, all the characters and the settings thoroughly imagined and therefore inhabited. The description of the Great Pablo's last astonishing illusion is masterly; you can sense the audience holding their breath and caught between astonishment and belief. They write about the gaps between people and the attempts, sometimes vain attempts, to bridge them. They write always with sympathy and understanding, and their ability to capture the fleeting moment is remarkable. They write also about guilt and how we contrive to live with it and so often excuse ourselves. There is never anything flashy about Swift's novels, but they are deeply satisfying. They are novels you want to read a second time to get more from them."
References
2020 British novels
Novels by Graham Swift
Novels set in Brighton
Novels about magic
Charles Scribner's Sons books
Fiction set in 1959
Maria of Swabia (1199/1200 – 29 March 1235) was a member of the powerful Hohenstaufen dynasty of German kings.
Family
Maria of Hohenstaufen was born in Arezzo, Tuscany, Italy around 1199/1200. They were the second daughter of Philip of Swabia and Irene Angelina of Byzantium. In 1208, at the age of seven, Maria was left an orphan by the unexpected deaths of their parents. On 21 June, their father was murdered by Otto of Wittelsbach, and two months later their mother died after giving birth to a daughter, who did not live beyond early infancy.
Marriage and issue
Sometime before 22 August 1215, they married Henry II, heir to the Duchy of Brabant (present-day Belgium) and Lothier. They had:
Matilda of Brabant (14 June 1224 – 29 September 1288), married firstly, Robert I of Artois, by whom they had two children, Robert II of Artois and Blanche of Artois; they married secondly Guy III, Count of Saint-Pol, by whom they had six children.
Beatrix of Brabant (1225 – 11 November 1288), married firstly Henry Raspe, Landgrave of Thuringia, and secondly William III of Dampierre. They died childless.
Maria of Brabant (c. 1226 – 18 January 1256), married Louis II, Duke of Bavaria. They were beheaded by their husband on suspicion of infidelity.
Margaret of Brabant (died 14 March 1277), Abbess of Herzogenthal.
Henry III, Duke of Brabant (c. 1230 – 28 February 1261), married Adelaide of Burgundy (c. 1233 – 23 October 1273), daughter of Hugh IV, Duke of Burgundy, by whom they had issue
Philip of Brabant, died young.
Death
Maria of Hohenstaufen died on 29 March 1235 in Leuven, Brabant, five days before their thirty-fourth birthday. Less than six months later, their husband succeeded their father as Duke of Brabant and Lothier.
References
Sources
1201 births
1235 deaths
People from Arezzo
Hohenstaufen
13th-century German women
Zmicier Khvedarovich Zhylunovich (Belarusian-lacinka: Źmicier Žyłunovič, Belarusian-Cyrillic alphabet: Зьміцер Жылуновіч, transliterated from Russian: "Dmitri Fyodorovich Zhilunovich") (October 13, 1887 – April 11, 1937) was a Belarusian poet, writer and journalist, known under pen name Tsishka Hartny (Ciška Hartny, Цішка Гартны), and a political leader.
In 1910 and 1911 they went to their hometown to Kapil and participated in the work of local organizations Russian Social Democratic Labour Party, in editions of pamphlets magazines.
They were the first head of a Soviet government in Belarus, the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia.
In 1924 they published a book "Slivers on the waves".
In 1937, during the Great Purge in the Soviet Union, they were arrested as an "enemy of the Belarusian people" and committed suicide in prison.
References
1887 births
1937 suicides
People from Kapyl
People from Slutsky Uyezd
Bolsheviks
Communist Party of Byelorussia politicians
Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia people
Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic people
Belarusian male poets
Belarusian writers
20th-century Belarusian poets
Belarusian novelists
Belarusian politicians who committed suicide
Suicides in the Soviet Union
Soviet people who died in prison custody
Prisoners who died in Soviet detention
People who committed suicide in prison custody
Great Purge victims from Belarus
Soviet rehabilitations
Members of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union executed by the Soviet Union
Didao may refer to:
Didao District (滴道区), in Jixi, Heilongjiang, China
Lintao County, formerly known as Didao (狄道), in Gansu, China
Battle of Didao, between the states of Shu Han and Cao Wei in 255
The Thiriotiidae are a family of parasitic alveolates in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Taxonomy
There is one genus in this family - Thiriotia.
The type species is Thiriotia pisae.
Other species in this genus include Thiriotia pugettiae.
History
This genus was created by Desportes, Vivarès and Théodoridès in 1977.
Description
References
Apicomplexa families
Gagarikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 1 as of 2002.
Geography
Gagarikha is located 48 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zalesye is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Pierluigi Tami (born 12 September 1961) is a Swiss football manager and a former defender. They also hold Italian citizenship.
Career
They were in charge of the Switzerland national under-21 football team, and also worked as an assistant to coach Ottmar Hitzfeld during their time as manager of the Switzerland national football team. In 2011, they won the award for Swiss football coach of the year. Tami coached the Swiss under-23 team at the 2012 Summer Olympics held in London.
Tami played for FC Chiasso, FC Locarno, AC Bellinzona, and FC Lugano in a career that saw them spend their entire time in the Italian speaking part of Switzerland. They previously coached Lugano, Locarno, and the Switzerland national under-17 football team.
References
External links
Swiss Football Federation profile
1961 births
Living people
Swiss footballers
Italian footballers
Swiss people of Italian descent
Swiss football managers
Italian football managers
AC Bellinzona players
FC Chiasso players
FC Locarno players
FC Lugano players
FC Lugano managers
FC Locarno managers
Grasshopper Club Zürich managers
Association football defenders
Italian expatriate football managers
The PNC Bank Arts Center (originally the Garden State Arts Center) is an amphitheatre in Holmdel, New Jersey. About 17,500 people can occupy the venue; there are 7,000 seats and the grass area can hold about 10,500 people. Concerts are from May through September featuring 45-50 different events of many types of musical styles. It is ranked among the top five most successful amphitheatres in the country. It is one of two major outdoor arenas in the New York City Metropolitan Area, along with Jones Beach Theater on Long Island. Both venues are managed by Live Nation.
History
The amphitheatre was originally called the Garden State Arts Center. The 1954 legislation that created the Garden State Parkway (at whose Exit 116 the Arts Center is located) also called for recreational facilities along the Parkway's route, and in 1964 Holmdel's Telegraph Hill was chosen as the site for "a cultural and recreational center ... that would be developed as a center for music and the performing arts." The amphitheatre was designed by noted modernist architect Edward Durell Stone and featured open sides covered by a , saucer-like roof supported by eight large concrete pillars. It featured seating for 5,197 people with space for about 5,000 more on the lawn area outside the roof. The facility is most easily accessible from the Parkway.
The Garden State Arts Center opened on June 12, 1968, with a program featuring pianist Van Cliburn, conductor Eugene Ormandy, and the Philadelphia Orchestra. The Arts Center was operated in conjunction with the New Jersey Highway Authority, which also ran the Parkway. On June 25 and 26, 1968, Judy Garland performed at this facility.
In the beginning, the Arts Center's programming featured a good deal of classical as well as popular music. In addition, a number of free daytime programs were provided for schoolchildren, senior citizens, and the disadvantaged and disabled. Beginning in 1971, the non-profit Foundation associated with the Arts Center also sponsored International Heritage Festivals before and after the regular season focusing on ethnicities such as Scottish, Slovak, German, Polish, African American, etc.; due to lack of attendance, these festivals were discontinued in 2015.
During off-season months the Arts Center is generally unused, except for a Holiday Light Spectacular show during the Christmas season. A banquet hall is on premises but has not been occupied since 2013. In 1995, the Arts Center grounds saw the addition of the New Jersey Vietnam Veterans' Memorial.
During the 1990s the philosophy of the Arts Center underwent a change. Classical music was almost completely phased out, and the venue's management wanted to expand the venue to compete against other, larger amphitheatres on the summer outdoor concert circuit. Before the 1996 season, a substantial expansion added 2,000 seats (some now outside the roof, which was not altered) and doubled the lawn capacity by removing rows of trees and a surrounding walk and raising the bank around the facility much higher.
Renaming and expansion
In 1996, PNC Bank, a Pittsburgh-based bank, purchased naming rights for $8.5 million over a 10-year period. In 1998, as a result of the name change, and despite negotiations to keep the words "Garden State" in the new name, state Senators Joe Kyrillos and John O. Bennett introduced and passed legislation to remove all state funds from any PNC Bank accounts and redeposit them in other banks within the state.
Holiday Light Spectacular
PNC Bank Arts Center features one of the most extravagant drive through light displays in the tri-state area. The spectacular is a drive through a forest of lights. Over 5 million lights were used over 225 displays and usually runs from the end of November through January 2. The display is set up in the parking lot around the Arts Center on a specially prepared road. In the premises of the light spectacular, a radio station plays Christmas carols as well as a Winter Village at the end of the display which features a snack bar, ice rink, and a Christmas decoration shop which sells smaller replicas of the displays in the light spectacular. Some large displays which are not visible from the parking lot or the amphitheater are left at their respective spots permanently. In 2008, it was announced the display would be discontinued, however, after a 7-year hiatus, the display returned for the 2014-2015 holiday season.
Performers and performances
Perhaps the most popular performer, over the years, has been James Taylor, who has appeared there almost every year (exceptions being 1998, 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2007, consecutively from 2009 to 2011, 2013, consecutively from 2015 to 2020 - the 2020 appearance being postponed to 2021 and 2022) and who has been one of the few acts to be booked there three nights in a row. Ironically, Bruce Springsteen, New Jersey's most famous musician, had never appeared (save for a 1989 walk-on, during a Ringo Starr and Their All-Starr Band show), until two performances in 2006, during the Bruce Springsteen with The Seeger Sessions Band Tour and joining Beach Boy Brian Wilson for "Barbara Ann" and "Surfing U.S.A." on July 1, 2015.
Glen Campbell recorded their album, entitled Glen Campbell Live, on July 4, 1969, for Capitol Records. The album went to #2 on the Billboard Country Albums list and #13 on Billboard 200. The following year, Dionne Warwick hit #37 on the Billboard Hot 100 with a version of "Make It Easy on Yourself" recorded at the venue. Portions of Jackson Browne's landmark 1977 live album, entitled Running on Empty, were recorded here. The Allman Brothers Band performed and recorded their show, on August 16, 1994, which a portion was later included on their live album, entitled An Evening with the Allman Brothers Band: 2nd Set.
The amphitheatre has played host to music festivals, including The Area Festival, Crüe Fest, Crüe Fest 2, The Gigantour, Lilith Fair, The Mayhem Festival, Ozzfest, Projekt Revolution, The Uproar Festival and The Vans Warped Tour.
Sinéad O'Connor controversy
Sinéad O'Connor was scheduled to perform on August 24, 1990. The practice of the venue is to play a recording of the American national anthem prior to the beginning of a featured show. O'Connor, who said they were unaware of this practice until shortly before the show was to begin, refused to go on if the anthem was played. Venue officials acquiesced to their demand and omitted the anthem, and so O'Connor performed, but later permanently banned them O'Connor said that they had a policy of not having the national anthem of any country played before their concerts and meant "no disrespect" but that they "will not go on stage after the national anthem of a country which imposes censorship on artists. It's hypocritical and racist." The incident made tabloid headlines and O'Connor received considerable criticism, including an embargo of their songs by several U.S. radio stations. Frank Sinatra, who performed at the center the following night, said they wished they could "kick them in the ass."
Phish controversy
On June 28–29, 2000, over 70 people were arrested, in connection with two concerts by jamband Phish. After their breakup, Phish's guitarist Trey Anastasio headlined shows at PNC several times, including a 2006 performance with "G.R.A.B." (Gordon.Russo.Anastasio.Benevento.), which included former Phish bassist Mike Gordon. Phish returned to the venue May 31 and June 1, 2011, for a two-night stand during their summer tour, and again on July 10, 2013.
2007 OzzFest incident
On 16 August 2007, controversy was generated as 83 attendees were arrested at the show, most of them underage, and most of them arrested prior to the 8:00 hour, reasons cited for underage drinking and distribution, and "aggressive dancing"; In addition, two men died, one after ingesting significant amounts of alcohol, marijuana and cocaine.
Underage drinking
On May 18, 2007, Gwen Stefani performed the opening show for the 2007 season at the venue. The show gained a lot of local media publicity due to the large amount of underage drinking that took place in the parking lot before the show and lack of police to maintain it. At least 27 people, mainly minors, were taken to two area hospitals. The venue announced a zero-tolerance policy to underage drinking, and it was also announced that for the next concert held at the arena, Fall Out Boy on June 6, between 60 and 80 state troopers would be on hand, up from the usual 10-15 and mostly undercover and plain clothed, to detain underage drinkers. Residents of the area claimed underage drinking has always been a problem at the venue, but gets worse every year.
In response to problems with underage drinking and in the wake of a number of alcohol-related injuries and deaths, drinking in the parking lots was banned at the PNC Bank Arts Center as of August 17, 2007. This policy has been since changed to allow tailgating and alcohol consumption in the parking lots for specific events.
PNC later published a list stating which events would allow tailgating; shows drawing a younger audience would have no tailgating while shows such as Kenny Chesney would allow it.
See also
List of contemporary amphitheatres
Live Nation
References
Sources
Garden State Arts Center 25th Anniversary season program, 1992.
External links
PNC Bank Arts Center
Holmdel Township, New Jersey
Theatres in New Jersey
Music venues in New Jersey
Performing arts centers in New Jersey
Amphitheaters in the United States
Buildings and structures in Monmouth County, New Jersey
Edward Durell Stone buildings
Event venues established in 1968
Tourist attractions in Monmouth County, New Jersey
Garden State Parkway
Electra was a British electronic-music band, founded in the late 1980s by Paul Oakenfold in close collaboration with their friend Steve Osborne.
The band was made up of Oakenfold, Osborne, Nick Divaris,Johny
Rocca and Micky. It released three EPs. The first one, "Jibaro", was an unacknowledged cover version of a rare Latin-funk song originally composed and recorded by Elkin & Nelson, a Colombian act based in Spain in the 1970s, which was a part of the original "Balearic beat" of the late 1980s.
Discography
EPs
1988: "Jibaro" (reached number 54 on the UK Singles Chart)
1989: "Destiny" / "Autumn Love" (double A side single, reached number 51 on the UK Singles Chart)
References
Musical groups with year of establishment missing
Musical groups with year of disestablishment missing
1980s establishments in the United Kingdom
1990s disestablishments in the United Kingdom
British electronic music groups
Musical groups established in the 1980s
Musical groups disestablished in the 1990s
FFRR Records artists
London Records artists
The Communist Party of the Republic of Tatarstan (, ) was a communist political party that existed from 1991 to 1997 in Tatarstan, nowadays a federal subject of Russia (a republic), but at that time it was a self-proclaimed republic.
The party was founded from the Tatar ASSR department of CPSU in December 1991 and was led by Robert Sadykov, who is also Deputy President of the Public Movement "People's Patriotic Union of Russia". In March 1997 it merged with the Communist Party of the Russian Federation.
Sadykov obtained 4.43% of the votes in the March 25, 2001 presidential election in Tatarstan.
The KPRT was affiliated to the Union of Communist Parties - Communist Party of the Soviet Union (UCP-CPSU).
During Soviet times, one of the leaders of the Communist Party of the Tatar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was Fikryat Tabeyev, who after their resignation served as USSR's ambassador to Afghanistan. They were followed by Rashid Musin, Gumer Usmanov, and Mintimer Shaimiyev.
References
External links
Official website
1991 establishments in Russia
Defunct communist parties in Russia
Political parties established in 1991
Political parties of minorities in Russia
Politics of Tatarstan
1997 disestablishments in Russia
Political parties disestablished in 1997
The 22125 / 26 Nagpur–Amritsar AC Superfast Express is a Superfast Express train of the AC Express series belonging to Indian Railways – Central Railway zone that runs between and in India.
It operates as train number 22125 from Nagpur Junction to Amritsar Junction and as train number 22126 in the reverse direction, serving the states of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Haryana & Punjab.
Coaches
The 22125 / 26 Nagpur–Amritsar AC Superfast Express has 9 AC 3 tier, 4 AC 2 Tier, 1 AC 1st Class & 2 End-on Generator Coaches. It doesn't carry a pantry car.
As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.
EOG consists of Luggage and Generator coach
B consists of AC 3 Tier coach
PC consists of Pantry car coach
A consist of AC 2 Tier coach
H consists of First Class AC coach
Service
The 22125 Nagpur–Amritsar Junction AC Superfast Express covers the distance of in 27 hours 15 mins (57.00 km/hr) & in 24 hours 15 mins as 22126 Amritsar–Nagpur AC Superfast Express (64.00 km/hr).
As the average speed of the train is above , as per Indian Railways rules, its fare includes a Superfast Express surcharge.
Routeing
The 22125 / 26 Nagpur–Amritsar AC Superfast Express runs from Nagpur Junction via , , , , , to Amritsar Junction.
Traction
As the route is fully electrified, a Ajni-based WAP-7 locomotive powers the train up to its destination.
Operation
22125 Nagpur–Amritsar AC Superfast Express leaves Nagpur Junction every Saturday & arriving Amritsar Junction the next day.
22126 Amritsar–Nagpur AC Superfast Express leaves Amritsar Junction every Monday & arriving Nagpur Junction the next day.
References
External links
22125 AC Superfast Express at India Rail Info
22126 AC Superfast Express at India Rail Info
Transport in Nagpur
Transport in Amritsar
AC Express (Indian Railways) trains
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Rail transport in Uttar Pradesh
Rail transport in Haryana
Rail transport in Delhi
Rail transport in Punjab, India
Antonio Herrera Cerilles (born October 7, 1948) is a former Governor of Zamboanga del Sur, Philippines, from June 30, 2010, until June 30, 2019. They ran and lost during the 2019 elections for Representative of the 2nd Legislative District of Zamboanga del Sur to Bayog Mayor Leonardo L. Babasa, Jr.
Prior to the governorship, they were a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines as the representative of the second district of Zamboanga del Sur. They have been succeeded in the Congress by their wife, Aurora Enerio-Cerilles as member of congress who also preceded them in the governorship of the province. They also served as the Secretary of Department of Environment and Natural Resources during the tenure of then Philippine President Joseph Estrada from 1998 to 2001.
Early life
Cerilles was born on October 7, 1948 in Manila to Vicente Cerilles and Josefina Herrera. They earned their Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from University of Santo Tomas in 1968 and their Bachelor of Laws degree from University of the East in 1972.
Membership
 They are an active member of Alpha Phi Omega fraternity. They were the National President of JCI Senate Philippines 2012.  They are also the National Senior Vice President of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines and the current Council Chairman of BSP Zamboanga del Sur-Pagadian City Council.  They are also a member of various organizations including the Knights of Columbus, Council 8188 and the Parliamentary Government Foundation.
Career in the House of Representatives
Before being elected as a member of congress, Cerilles was elected as a Regional Assemblyman of the Sanguniang Pampook of Region X, Zamboanga City from 1982–1987. They were elected as the representative of the second district of Zamboanga del Sur in 1987, 1992 and 1995. Among the laws they authored during this stint was House Bill No. 3950 now Republic Act No. 6975 otherwise known as the "Department of the Interior and Local Government Act of 1990," which established the Philippine National Police under a Reorganized Department of the Interior and Local Government and House Bill No. 9347 now Republic Act No. 8047 otherwise known as the "Book Publishing Industry Development Act," which formulated and implemented a National Book Policy and a National Book Development Plan. After serving as DENR Secretary from 1998–2001, they were elected again as a representative in 2004. They were one of the signatories of House Resolution 1109 calling for a constituent assembly to amend the Constitution.
Honors
A classroom inside Dalupan Building in University of the East in Manila was renamed Secretary Antonio H. Cerilles Chamber being an alumnus of the UE College of Law.
References
|-
|-
|-
|-
Living people
Governors of Zamboanga del Sur
Lakas–CMD politicians
1948 births
20th-century Filipino lawyers
People from Manila
University of Santo Tomas alumni
University of the East alumni
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from Zamboanga del Sur
Secretaries of Environment and Natural Resources of the Philippines
Estrada administration cabinet members
Kohneh Dan (, also Romanized as Kohneh Dān; also known as Kohneh Dūn) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 560, in 150 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
In computer science, a finger tree is a purely functional data structure that can be used to efficiently implement other functional data structures. A finger tree gives amortized constant time access to the "fingers" (leaves) of the tree, which is where data is stored, and concatenation and splitting logarithmic time in the size of the smaller piece. It also stores in each internal node the result of applying some associative operation to its descendants. This "summary" data stored in the internal nodes can be used to provide the functionality of data structures other than trees.
Overview
Ralf Hinze and Ross Paterson state a finger tree is a functional representation of persistent sequences that can access the ends in amortized constant time. Concatenation and splitting can be done in logarithmic time in the size of the smaller piece. The structure can also be made into a general purpose data structure by defining the split operation in a general form, allowing it to act as a sequence, priority queue, search tree, or priority search queue, among other varieties of abstract data types.
A finger is a point where one can access part of a data structure; in imperative languages, this is called a pointer. In a finger tree, the fingers are structures that point to the ends of a sequence, or the leaf nodes. The fingers are added on to the original tree to allow for constant time access to fingers. In the images shown below, the fingers are the lines reaching out of the spine to the nodes.
A finger tree is composed of different layers which can be identified by the nodes along its spine. The spine of a tree can be thought of as the trunk in the same way trees have leaves and a root. Though finger trees are often shown with the spine and branches coming off the sides, there are actually two nodes on the spine at each level that have been paired to make this central spine. The prefix is on the left of the spine, while the suffix is on the right. Each of those nodes has a link to the next level of the spine until they reach the root.
The first level of the tree contains only values, the leaf nodes of the tree, and is of depth 0. The second level is of depth 1. The third is of depth 2 and so on. The closer to the root, the deeper the subtrees of the original tree (the tree before it was a finger tree) the nodes points to. In this way, working down the tree is going from the leaves to the root of the tree, which is the opposite of the typical tree data structure. To get this nice and unusual structure, we have to make sure the original tree has a uniform depth. To ensure that the depth is uniform, when declaring the node object, it must be parameterized by the type of the child. The nodes on the spine of depth 1 and above point to trees, and with this parameterization they can be represented by the nested nodes.
Transforming a tree into a finger tree
We will start this process with a balanced 2-3 tree. For the finger tree to work, all the leaf nodes need to also be level.
A finger is “a structure providing efficient access to nodes of a tree near a distinguished location.” To make a finger tree we need to put fingers to the right and left ends of the tree and transform it like a zipper. This gives us that constant amortized time access to the ends of a sequence.
To transform, start with the balanced 2-3 tree.
Take the leftmost and rightmost internal nodes of the tree and pull them up so the rest of the tree dangles between them as shown in the image to the right.
Combines the spines to make a standard 2-3 finger tree.
This can be described as:
data FingerTree a
= Empty
| Single a
| Deep (Digit a) (FingerTree (Node a)) (Digit a)
data Node a
= Node2 a a
| Node3 a a a
The digits in the examples shown are the nodes with letters. Each list is divided by the prefix or suffix of each node on the spine. In a transformed 2-3 tree it seems that the digit lists at the top level can have a length of two or three with the lower levels only having length of one or two. In order for some application of finger trees to run so efficiently, finger trees allow between one and four subtrees on each level.
The digits of the finger tree can be transformed into a list like so: type Digit a = One a | Two a a | Three a a a | Four a a a aAnd so on the image, the top level has elements of type a, the next has elements of type Node a because the node in between the spine and leaves, and this would go on meaning in general that the nth level of the tree has elements of type a, or 2-3 trees of depth n. This means a sequence of n elements is represented by a tree of depth Θ(log n). Even better, an element d places from the nearest end is stored at a depth of Θ(log d) in the tree.
Reductions
Deque operations
Finger trees also make efficient deques. Whether the structure is persistent or not, all operations take Θ(1) amortized time. The analysis can be compared to Okasaki's implicit deques, the only difference being that the FingerTree type stores Nodes instead of pairs.
Application
Finger trees can be used to build other trees. For example, a priority queue can be implemented by labeling the internal nodes by the minimum priority of its children in the tree, or an indexed list/array can be implemented with a labeling of nodes by the count of the leaves in their children. Other applications are random-access sequences, described below, ordered sequences, and interval trees.
Finger trees can provide amortized O(1) pushing, reversing, popping, O(log n) append and split; and can be adapted to be indexed or ordered sequences. And like all functional data structures, it is inherently persistent; that is, older versions of the tree are always preserved.
Random-access sequences
Finger trees can efficiently implement random-access sequences. This should support fast positional operations including accessing the nth element and splitting a sequence at a certain position. To do this, we annotate the finger tree with sizes.newtype Size = Size{ getSize :: N }
deriving (Eq, Ord)
instance Monoid Size where
∅ = Size 0
Size m ⊕ Size n = Size (m + n)The N is for natural numbers. The new type is needed because the type is the carrier of different monoids. Another new type is still needed for the elements in the sequence, shown below.
newtype Elem a = Elem{ getElem :: a }
newtype Seq a = Seq (FingerTree Size (Elem a))
instance Measured (Elem a) Size where
||Elem|| = Size 1These lines of code show that instance works a base case for measuring the sizes and the elements are of size one. The use of newtypes doesn't cause a run-time penalty in Haskell because in a library, the Size and Elem types would be hidden from the user with wrapper functions.
With these changes, the length of a sequence can now be computed in constant time.
First publication
Finger trees were first published in 1977 by Leonidas J. Guibas, and periodically refined since (e.g. a version using AVL trees, non-lazy finger trees, simpler 2-3 finger trees shown here, B-Trees and so on)
Implementations
Finger trees have since been used in the Haskell core libraries (in the implementation of Data.Sequence), and an implementation in OCaml exists which was derived from a proven-correct Coq implementation. There is also a verified implementation in Isabelle (proof assistant) from which programs in Haskell and other (functional) languages can be generated. Finger trees can be implemented with or without lazy evaluation, but laziness allows for simpler implementations.
See also
Monoid
Finger search tree
Zippers
References
External links
http://www.soi.city.ac.uk/~ross/papers/FingerTree.html
http://hackage.haskell.org/packages/archive/EdisonCore/1.2.1.1/doc/html/Data-Edison-Concrete-FingerTree.html
Example of 2-3 trees in C#
Example of Hinze/Paterson Finger Trees in Java
Example of Hinze/Paterson Finger Trees in C#
Monoids and Finger Trees in Haskell
Finger tree library for Clojure
Finger tree in Scalaz
Trees (data structures)
Functional data structures
Amortized data structures
Grivitsa Ridge (, ‘Grivishki Hrebet' \'gri-vish-ki 'hre-bet\) is the mostly ice-free ridge extending 6.4 km in northwest-southeast direction, 3 km wide and rising to 1027 m at its northwest extremity on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is bounded by Darvari Glacier to the north and Zaychar Glacier to the south, and linked to Detroit Plateau to the northwest.
The ridge is named after the settlement of Grivitsa in Northern Bulgaria.
Location
Grivitsa Ridge is centred at . British mapping in 1978.
Map
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 60. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, UK, 1978.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Grivitsa Ridge. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Grivitsa Ridge. Copernix satellite image
Ridges of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Nick Thorpe (born February 1960) is a British journalist and documentary filmmaker who is the Central Europe Correspondent for BBC News, the main newsgathering department of the BBC, and its 24-hour television news channels BBC World News and BBC News Channel, as well as the BBC's domestic television and radio channels and the BBC World Service.  They are based in Budapest and has over 30 years' experience of reporting for the BBC and United Kingdom newspapers, becoming BBC Budapest Correspondent in 1986. They became BBC Central Europe Correspondent in 1996.
Early life and education
Thorpe was born in Upnor in Kent in February 1960. They later moved with their family to Otford in Kent, and Lymington in Hampshire.
Thorpe was educated at Sherborne School, a boarding independent school in the market town of Sherborne in Dorset in South West England, followed by the University of Reading, where they studied Modern Languages. In their third year, they attended the University of Dakar in Senegal, and the University of Freiburg in Breisgau in Germany.
Journalism career
Thorpe joined the BBC in 1986 as Budapest Correspondent, and was the first Western correspondent to be based there, and has continued to report on Eastern Europe ever since. In 1989, they joined The Observer newspaper as its Eastern Europe Correspondent, returning to the BBC in 1996. They have also written for The Guardian and The Independent newspapers.  They are responsible for covering Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria and other countries in the region, including the Balkans. They covered the fall of Communism, the collapse of
Yugoslavia, and the EU membership process of many countries in the region.
In April 2016, they were a co-recipient of the Peabody Awards, Public Service category, for their contributions to 'European Migrant Crisis/A New Life in Europe/The Year of Migration' (BBC News, BBC World Service, BBC Radio), with BBC colleagues James Reynolds, Fergal Keane, Neal Razzell, Richard Bilton, Quentin Sommerville, Maven Rana, Matthew Price, Damian Grammaticus, Gavin Hewitt, Jenny Hill and Edward Thomas.
Film career
Thorpe is also a documentary film-maker. They co-directed, with Andrea Weichinger, 'The Fairy Island' (1993) for Duna Television in Hungary, and in 2001, 'The Vineleaf and the Rose' for MTV in Hungary, which won the Award for Best Cinematography at the Mediawave International Film Festival in the same year. They have also made a short feature film, 'Vigilance' (1997) for TintoFilms.
In 2014/15 they directed and presented 'The Travels of a Gadjo in Romanistan', seven 52 minute documentaries for On The Spot Productions, Budapest, on Roma communities in 9 European countries. The films were first shown from March to July 2015 on Duna TV. A documentary series called “Against the Flow” was made in 2020.
Publications
In 2020, the German translation of Thorpe's book "The Road Before me weeps" (Yale Univ. Press 2018, German title: Die weinende Strasse vor mir) is published in July 2020, translated by Carsten Schmidt, publisher: danube books, Ulm, Germany.
In 2009, Thorpe wrote their first book, entitled '89: The Unfinished Revolution - Power and Powerlessness in Eastern Europe, published by Reportage Press. In 2016 it was republished in a digital edition by Endeavour Press, London.
In January 2014 they published their second book, entitled The Danube - A Journey Upriver from the Black Sea to the Black Forest, Yale University Press, New Haven and London, 2014.
This has been translated so far into 3 languages: in Polish as 'Dunaj' (Jagiellonian University Press, Kraków, 2014)
in Hungarian as 'Duna' (Scolar Kiadó, Budapest, 2016), and in German as: Die Donau - Eine Reise gegen den Strom, Zsolnay 2017,
It is due to come out in Hebrew and Italian in 2018.
They have also contributed to numerous other books and publications, including: 'A Jar of Wild Flowers - Essays in Celebration of John Berger' (Zed Books, London, 2016), 'From Our Own Correspondent - A Celebration of 50 Years of the BBC Radio Programme' (Profile Books, London, 2005), 'More From Our Own Correspondent' (Profile Books, London, 2008), and the New York Review of Books 'On the Refugee Road' (with Malise Ruthven) 2016.
References
External links
BBC News - Nick Thorpe articles
'At Gul Baba's Feet: The Website of Writer and Broadcaster Nick Thorpe'
Alumni of the University of Reading
BBC newsreaders and journalists
Cheikh Anta Diop University alumni
English male journalists
English television journalists
English television presenters
Living people
People educated at Sherborne School
Journalists from Budapest
People from Upnor
University of Freiburg alumni
1960 births
People from Otford
Salton Sea Airport is a privately owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Salton City, across California State Highway 86 from the western border of the new community of Sea View Beach (formerly the Salton Sea Test Base B-1) and the Sea View Beach Dunes in Imperial County, California, United States.
Facilities and aircraft
Salton Sea Airport covers an area of 208 acres (84 ha) at an elevation of 84 feet (26 m) below mean sea level. It has one runway designated 7/25 with a gravel surface measuring 5,000 by 75 feet (1,524 x 23 m). For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2009, the airport had 350 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 29 per month.
References
External links
Aerial image as of June 2002 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Imperial County, California
Alireza Jahanbakhsh Jirandeh (, ; born 11 August 1993) is an Iranian professional footballer who plays as a winger and attacking midfielder for Eredivisie club Feyenoord and the Iran national team. They represented Iran at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, 2015 AFC Asian Cup, 2018 FIFA World Cup and the 2019 AFC Asian Cup. Jahanbakhsh also represented Iran at the U20 and U23 levels.
In 2014 Jahanbakhsh was voted the second greatest young talent of the 2013–14 Eredivisie season. In the 2017–18 Eredivisie season, Jahanbakhsh scored 21 league goals, making them the first Asian player to become top scorer in a major European league.
Early life
Jahanbakhsh was born on 11 August 1993 in Jirandeh, a small city located in Rudbar County, Gilan Province. They grew up in Qazvin to Tat parents.
Club career
Damash
Jahanbakhsh played most of their youth in Rasht and Persian Qazvin before joining the youth academy of Damash Tehran in 2008. Jahanbaksh started their career in Tehran with Damash Tehran, an affiliate of Damash Gilan in the 2nd Division. In 2011, Jahanbakhsh returned to Gilan and at the age of 17. In 2011, Jahanbakhsh played their first game for Damash Gilan in the Iran Pro League against Mes as one of Damash's youngest ever players. Jahanbakhsh scored their first goal on 15 January 2012 in a 1–0 victory against Fajr. In 42 league appearances with Damash, they scored 10 goals.
NEC
2013–14 season
On 26 May 2013, Jahanbakhsh reached a verbal agreement with Dutch Eredivisie outfit NEC for a three-year deal. This deal was subject to a medical examination and obtaining a visa and work permit. They officially joined the club on 1 July 2013. They made their debut as a substitute in a league match against Groningen on 3 August 2013. They scored their first goal in an 8–0 win over Harkemase Boys in the KNVB Cup. On 1 December 2013, Jahanbakhsh scored two goals and assisted the other in a 3–2 league match win over AZ Alkmaar. On 22 December, they scored and assisted at FC Groningen while providing a secondary assist on 15 February 2014 against RKC Waalwijk. On 22 March, when NEC were down 2–0 at halftime, Jahanbakhsh came on as a substitute after the half and provided an assist to Michael Higdon in their 2–2 draw at Heerenveen.
On the final day of the 2013–14 season, Jahanbakhsh scored two late goals against Ajax to save NEC from automatic relegation, instead securing a relegation playoff spot. Jahanbakhsh was originally voted the Eredivisie's greatest talent of the season before becoming runner-up to Memphis Depay.
2014–15 season
On the opening day of the 2014–15 Jupiler League, Jahanbakhsh scored a goal in a 3–1 win against FC Eindhoven. On 29 August, they scored two goals and provided two assists in a 4–1 win at Helmond Sport. On 20 September, they scored against FC Emmen to help bring NEC to the top of the league table. Three days later, on 23 September, AJ scored a free kick in extra time and converted a penalty in their win against Ajax II at Amsterdam during the second round of the 2014–15 Dutch Cup. On 3 October, they scored a goal and provided an assist in a 2–1 win against Almere City to send NEC to the Eredivisie play-offs as quarter-season league champions. On 17 October 2014, Jahanbakhsh was named the Best Player of the First Period of the 2014–15 Jupiler League.
On 28 November, they opened the scoring with a volley and provided two assists in a 5–1 win over Jong Twente. On 1 February 2015, in their first game upon their return from the 2015 AFC Asian Cup, they scored a bicycle kick and was named man of the match in the 3–1 win over Helmond Sport. On 13 February, they scored a goal and provided two assists in a 3–2 win over FC Emmen with another goal against Achilles '29 days later to bring their tally to 4 goals in 5 consecutive matches after the Asian Cup.
At the end of the season, Jahanbakhsh was selected by fans as NEC's player of the season. On 12 May 2015 Jahanbakhsh was voted as the Eerste Divisie's best player for the 2014–15 season, with twelve goals and eighteen assists in the league.
AZ
2015–16 season
On 3 August 2015, Jahanbakhsh signed a five–year contract with Dutch club AZ Alkmaar. They were given number nine as their jersey number, and made their Eredivisie debut for AZ on 12 September 2015 in a 3–1 win over De Graafschap. Jahanbakhsh made their UEFA Europa League debut in a 2–1 group stage win over Athletic Bilbao on 1 October 2015. Jahanbakhsh recorded their first assist for AZ on 21 November 2015 in a 3–1 victory against Heerenveen. Jahanbakhsh scored their first goal for AZ on 30 January 2016 in a match against their former club NEC. They scored their second goal of the season and also recorded their fourth assist on 13 February 2016 in a 6–3 victory over Heracles Almelo.
2016–17 season
In June 2016 Jahanbakhsh switched from number 9 to number 7 for the upcoming 2016–17 season. On 2 July 2016, in AZ's first preseason match, Jahanbakhsh recorded a goal and an assist in their team's 5–1 victory. On 28 August they scored their first goal of the season against FC Utrecht. The match was ended 2-1 which Jahanbakhsh scored the winning goal.
On 13 January 2017, Jahanbakhsh scored a brace and recorded an assist, as well as being named man of the match in a 3–1 victory against Go Ahead Eagles. On 21 August 2016, they scored their first goal of the season in a 2–1 win over Utrecht. On 16 February 2017, they scored their first ever European goal in a 4–1 loss to Lyon in Round of 32 of the Europa League.
Jahanbakhsh was named the best winger of the 2016–17 season in the Dutch League.
2017–18 season
Jahanbakhsh scored a hat trick and recorded an assist on 18 April 2018 against Vitesse in the 2017–18 Eredivisie. Jahanbakhsh scored another hat trick on the last match day to become the leading goal scorer of the Eredivisie season with 21 goals, and also finished joint third with 12 assists. They became the first Asian player ever to become the top goalscorer in a top level European league.
Brighton & Hove Albion
2018–19 season
On 25 July 2018, Jahanbakhsh transferred to Premier League side Brighton & Hove Albion for an undisclosed club record fee, signing a five-year contract. They announced on their Instagram that they will wear number 16, the same number they used to wear in their first season at NEC.
On 11 August 2018, Jahanbakhsh made their debut for Brighton as a substitute in the club's opening match of the Premier League season against Watford. Even though they played 25 matches in the season due to injuries and poor performance they amounted no goals and no assists.
2019–20 season
With the managerial change at Brighton with Graham Potter replacing Chris Hughton, Jahanbakhsh rarely found themselves in the match squad until 8 December 2019 when they came in as a substitute in a match against Wolverhampton. On 28 December 2019, they scored their first goal for the club on their first start against Bournemouth. Jahanbakhsh was overcome with emotion and was seen crying after scoring their first ever goal for their club. On January 1, 2020, they scored an equalising bicycle kick goal for Brighton against Chelsea. The goal against Chelsea was later voted by people as the Premier League Goal of the Month for January, in which Jahanbakhsh described it as the best goal they have ever scored.
2020–21 season
Jahanbakhsh came on as a sub in the Brighton's opening day of the season in a 3–1 home loss against Chelsea in the league. They scored a cracker in the next game, a 4–0 home thrashing over Portsmouth in the EFL Cup on 17 September. They scored again 6 days later again coming in the EFL Cup, this time a 2–0 away win over Preston. Jahanbakhsh started in Brighton's 3–2 home victory over champions Manchester City on 18 May 2021, with fans returning to football. Brighton came back from 2–0 down to secure their first win over The Sky Blues since 1989.
Feyenoord
On 17 July 2021, Feyenoord announced that Jahanbakhsh had joined the club on a 3-year contract with an option for a fourth year. They made their debut for Feyenoord on 29 July in the second leg of the UEFA Conference League tie against FC Drita where they started the match but later substituted in the 3–2 home victory, with Feyenoord also going through 3–2 on aggregate. They scored their first two goals for the club on 12 August, scoring Feyenoord's first two goals in a 3–0 win against FC Luzern in the third qualifying round of the 2021–22 UEFA Europa Conference League. Jahanbakhsh made their league debut for the Rotterdam side on 22 August starting in the 2–0 home victory over Go Ahead Eagles.
International career
Youth
Jahanbakhsh was part of the squad that played at the 2010 AFC U-19 Championship in China, playing in two games. Being only 16 at the start of the championships in 2010, they continued at the same age group, captaining the national under-20 team for their successful 2012 AFC U-19 Championship qualification by scoring 5 goals in four appearances. At the championships, they added two more to their tally against the United Arab Emirates and South Korea.
Jahanbakhsh was called into Iran's Olympic qualifiers in March 2015 and was named team captain. With the presence of Jahanbakhsh the under-23 team qualified to the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship in Qatar. As the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship was not held during the FIFA International Match Calendar, Jahanbakhsh was not released by AZ Alkmaar.
Senior team
On 5 October 2013, Jahanbakhsh was called up to Team Melli in a 2015 Asian Cup qualifier against Thailand by manager Carlos Queiroz, and they served their first cap as a substitute in the 82nd minute. Their first national team goal came in their second game on 15 November in a 3–0 win at Thailand. On 1 June 2014, they were called into Iran's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad by Carlos Queiroz. They played in all three matches against Nigeria, Argentina and Bosnia and Herzegovina. They were called into Iran's 2015 AFC Asian Cup squad on 30 December 2014 by Queiroz.
Jahanbakhsh scored Iran's second goal in June 2016 in a 2–0 World Cup qualifier victory against Qatar.
In May 2018, they were named in Iran's squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia. They played all three group matches against Morocco, Spain and Portugal.
In December 2018, Jahanbakhsh was selected for Iran's 23-man squad for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup. On 16 January 2019, they made their competitive debut in a 0–0 draw against Iraq in the last match of the group stage. In the latter match, they scored their first goal in the tournament in the 2–0 victory against Oman.
Style of play
Jahanbakhsh has been compared to Iranian legend Mehdi Mahdavikia. In Holland, Jahanbakhsh established themselves as a dangerous and pacy player.
In several interviews Jahanbakhsh revealed their lifetime dream is to play in Bundesliga, although there is huge interest in them from Italian and English sides declaring that as a kid they grew up watching their idols Ali Daei, Ali Karimi and Vahid Hashemian play for Bayern Munich and Mehdi Mahdavikia for Hamburger SV.
Outside football
Social media
In January 2020, Jahanbakhsh said that they posted on Instagram a photo of Iranian major general Qasem Soleimani, who was killed at the 2020 Baghdad International Airport airstrike, and that the post was taken down.
Sponsorship
Jahanbakhsh is outfitted by German sportswear manufacturer Adidas.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Iran's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
NEC
Eerste Divisie: 2014–15
AZ
KNVB Cup runner-up: 2016–17, 2017–18
Feyenoord
UEFA Europa Conference League runner-up: 2021–22
Individual
Eerste Divisie First Period Player of the Season: 2014–15
Eerste Divisie Best Player of the Season (Gouden Stier): 2014–15
Eredivisie top scorer: 2017–18 (21 goals)
Premier League Goal of the Month: January 2020
Feyenoord Goal of Season: 2021–22
See also
Iranians in the Netherlands
References
External links
Alireza Jahanbakhsh at PersianLeague.com
Voetbal International profile
1993 births
Living people
People from Qazvin
Iranian footballers
Iran under-20 international footballers
Iran international footballers
Association football wingers
Damash Iranian players
Damash Gilan players
NEC Nijmegen players
AZ Alkmaar players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Feyenoord players
Persian Gulf Pro League players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Premier League players
2014 FIFA World Cup players
2015 AFC Asian Cup players
2018 FIFA World Cup players
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Iranian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Iranian expatriate sportspeople in England
Iranian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Swan Lake Kispiox River Provincial Park is a provincial park in northwest British Columbia, Canada. It lies within the territories of the Gitanyow and Gitxsan First Nations. The park and the area surrounding it are important to First Nations people for cultural activities. There are trumpeter swans known to be on Club Creek in the winter.
In 1950, a B-36 crashed in the park after jettisoning a nuclear bomb.
References
Skeena Country
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1996
1996 establishments in British Columbia
Charles 'Chas' Mortimer (born 14 April 1949) is an English former professional motorcycle short-circuit road racer and race-school instructor. They competed in the Grand Prix motorcycle road racing world championships from 1969 to 1979. They remain the only competitor to have won FIM Grand Prix races in the 125, 250, 350, 500 and 750 world championship classes.
Motorcycle racing career
Born in Shere, Surrey, UK, Mortimer is the son of Charles Mortimer Senior, a former motorcycle road racer and proprietor of the Charles Mortimer Race School based at Brands Hatch race circuit, Kent. The school was originally named in 1963 as the Beart-Mortimer racing school, with engine tuner Francis Beart being a partner to Mortimer Senior which ended in 1965 due to Beart's other business involvements. From 1966 the venues included Cadwell Park, Silverstone and Mallory Park.
Mortimer began racing in 1965 on a Greeves Silverstone as used by the race school. At 18 years of age in 1967, Mortimer was one of the school's instructors, with Paul Smart being another. Both were competitive riders sponsored by Charles Senior, riding from a stable of machines consisting of RDS Greeves 250s, a Bultaco 125 and an Aermacchi 350. They competed for most of their career as a privateer riding Yamaha motorcycles. When Mortimer won the 1972 500cc Spanish Grand Prix on a Yamaha, it marked the first 500cc Grand Prix victory for the Japanese manufacturer. They had their best Grand Prix season in 1973 when they finished second to Kent Andersson in the 125cc world championship. Mortimer also competed successfully at the Isle of Man TT, with eight victories at the event. In 1976, they won the Macau Grand Prix.
In the 1970s Mortimer operated a race school and ran a business in Reading, Berkshire importing motorcycle parts . As of 2013 they are running a transportation company specialising in transportation of motorcycles. Their brother Robin Mortimer had a long career in motor sport. When they died in 2007, they were manager of RPM Motorsport with their son Alex as driver in GT class.
Grand Prix motorcycle racing results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Sources:
References
1949 births
Living people
People from the Borough of Guildford
British motorcycle racers
English motorcycle racers
500cc World Championship riders
350cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
125cc World Championship riders
Isle of Man TT riders
Mykola Selivon () is a Ukrainian jurist, judge, diplomat and former chairperson of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine.
Selivon is from Chernihiv Oblast. Their working career they started as a techinicain at a military unit stationed in Chernihiv. During that time they also served their obligatory military duty. In 1968 Selivon enrolled at the Kiev University. In 1973 they graduated from the Kiev University Law Faculty and after a brief internship-like training at the NANU Institute of State and Law, until 1979 worked as a junior researcher at the institute.
In 1979-1996 Selivan worked at the legal department of the Office of Minister of the Council of Ministers.
In 1996-2005 they were a judge of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine. In 2005 at the presidential inauguration Selivon was administering an oath from the President of Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko.
In 2005-2006 as a professor they were lecturing at the National Academy for Public Administration. In 2006-2010 they served as the ambassador of Ukraine to Kazakhstan.
References
External links
Mykola Selivon. Constitutional Court of Ukraine website.
Mykola Selivon at the Official Ukraine Today
Mykola Selivon. National Academy of Legal Sciences of Ukraine
1946 births
Living people
People from Chernihiv Oblast
University of Kyiv, Law faculty alumni
Koretsky Institute of State and Law alumni
Koretsky Institute of State and Law research associates
Ukrainian judges
Constitutional Court of Ukraine judges
Ukrainian presidential inaugurations
National Academy of State Administration faculty
Ambassadors of Ukraine to Kazakhstan
Jackson Jones Bushnell (February 19, 1815 – March 8, 1873) was an American professor.
Bushnell was born in Old Saybrook, Connecticut, February 19, 1815.
They graduated from Yale College in 1841. They entered Andover Theological Seminary in December 1841, but after a few months there, became a tutor in Western Reserve College, Ohio. After a tutorship of two years, during the latter of which they were licensed to preach, they were appointed financial agent of the college, and served in that relation, and as an agent of the Western College Society, until April 1848. They were then appointed Professor of Mathematics and Natural Philosophy in Beloit College, and entered on their office as the pioneer instructor of the new institution. In 1858 they resigned, and devoted themselves to business in Beloit, but in 1863 was re-appointed and continued in office until their death. Besides their proper work as a professor, they were the financier of the college, and its prosperity, as well as the growth of the business interests of the town, is largely due to him.
They died after a week's illness, of typhoid pneumonia, in Beloit, Wisconsin, March 8, 1873.
Bushnell married in 1854 Miss Sarah E. Lewis, of Southington, Connecticut. They survived him, with their three children.
External links
Bringing a burgeoning Beloit College to life with Jackson Bushnell
Jackson J. Bushnell, Beloit College archives
1815 births
1873 deaths
Yale College alumni
Andover Newton Theological School alumni
Case Western Reserve University faculty
Beloit College faculty
People from Beloit, Wisconsin
People from Old Saybrook, Connecticut
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
19th-century American businesspeople
William R. Bean Jr. (December 9, 1721-May 1782) was an American pioneer, longhunter, and Commissioner of the Watauga Association.  They are accepted by historians as the first permanent European American settler of Tennessee.
Biography
William Bean was born December 9, 1721 in St. Stephens Parish, Northumberland County, Virginia of William Bean Sr. and Margaret Hatton Bean. In 1744, Bean married Lydia Russell of Northumberland County (b. September 29, 1726). William was of Scottish descent, and Lydia was of English descent.
Settlement in the Watauga Association
In 1762, Bean set camp close to the junction of Boone's Creek and the Watauga River, near present-day Johnson City during a longhunting excursion with fellow pioneers and friends Daniel Boone and Richard Callaway, on behalf of Richard Henderson, a land surveyor who played an important role in the early settlement of Tennessee. In 1769, they constructed a cabin at this site and relocate their family. Shortly after the cabin's completion, Lydia Bean gave birth to a son, Russell Bean, who would be historically accepted as the first European-American born in present-day Tennessee. The Bean family encountered aggressive confrontations with the inhabiting Cherokee tribes, and found distaste in the growing popularity of the Watauga Association. Nevertheless, William Bean pursued a career in politics and be elected as a commissioner of the Watauga Association in 1772, serving a crucial role in the absorption of the settlement into the state of North Carolina by 1775.
American Revolution and establishment of Bean Station
In 1775, William Bean collaborated with Daniel Boone on a new longhunting excursion, as Bean wanted to move west with the Watauga Association gaining popularity, and Boone was wanting to expand their Wilderness Road southward towards the Great Indian Warpath. The duo crossed the gap on top of Clinch Mountain after traversing the Powell and Clinch rivers in present-day Claiborne and Grainger counties in Tennessee. After surveying the valley below, Bean and Boone descended the southward slope of Clinch Mountain and set camp along the German Creek tributary of the Holston River and the Great Indian Warpath. Finding appreciation for the vast wildlife, timber, fertile soil, and access to navigable waters, Bean chose this site as the permanent site of their new home and to establish a community with Boone planning to extend the Wilderness Road to the campsite location.
During the Revolutionary War, Bean served as a captain for the Virginia militia, and was awarded over 3,000 acres in the German Creek valley where they surveyed and camped at previously with Boone in 1776. In the same year, Bean constructed a four-room cabin with the assistance of their sons. The cabin served as their family's home, and as an inn for prospective settlers, fur traders, and longhunters, named Bean Station, establishing the first reportedly permanent settled community in present-day Tennessee.
In 1780, Bean served in their position of captain in the Battle of Kings Mountain.
Death and legacy
In May 1782, Bean died of unknown causes at the age of 60 in their cabin at Bean Station.
Bean's settlement of Bean Station grew substantially following their death in 1782. By 1787, Bean's sons constructed a fort, blacksmiths shop, and a trading outpost at the community's crossroads of the Wilderness Road and the Great Indian Warpath.
Bean Station emerged as an important stopover, due to its strategic location on the crossroads of present day U.S. Route 25E and U.S. Route 11W, between Washington, D.C. and New Orleans for early travelers through Tennessee into the 18th century.
The town and cabin established by Bean were lost following the flooding of the Holston River valley for the construction of the Cherokee Dam by the Tennessee Valley Authority in 1942. Bean Station unofficially relocated to the new crossroads of US 25E and US 11W, and incorporated into a town in 1996.
References
Further reading
Carolyn Sakowski; Touring the East Tennessee Backroads; J.F. Blair, pub.; Winston-Salem, N.C.; 1993; pp. 86–87.
1721 births
1782 deaths
People from Northumberland County, Virginia
People of pre-statehood Tennessee
American people of Scottish descent
People from Bean Station, Tennessee
CMC International was an American independent record label founded by Bill Cain and Tom Lipsky in 1991, focused mainly on classic rock, and classic heavy metal. The label was the haven of many hard rock, arena rock, thrash metal, glam metal and AOR artists in the period when all the majors were investing all their financial efforts on grunge and alternative rock acts. In 1995 CMC started a partnership with BMG Entertainment, which in 1999 owned the majority of the company, with founder Tom Lipsky holding a minority stake.
CMC International became a division of Sanctuary Records Group in 2000, with Lipsky becoming president of Sanctuary Records North America. After Universal Music Group acquired Sanctuary in 2007, CMC International ceased to exist. However, due to conditions imposed by the European Commission following UMG's 2012 acquisition of EMI, it sold Sanctuary to BMG Rights Management in 2013 for over €46 million ($71.875 million). Since then, Sanctuary has been distributed globally by Warner Music Group through its ADA division.
Tom Lipsky is currently working as president of Roadrunner Records' Loud & Proud division, managing classic rock bands and artists.
Notable former artists
Accept
Annihilator
Pat Benatar
Blackthorn
Bruce Dickinson
Blue Öyster Cult
Christopher Cross
Deep Purple
Dokken
Eddie Money
The Fixx
Iron Maiden
Joe Cocker
Judas Priest
Kix
L.A. Guns
Alexi Lalas
La Toya Jackson
Loverboy
Lynch Mob
Lynyrd Skynyrd
Yngwie J. Malmsteen
Molly Hatchet
Motörhead
Night Ranger
Overkill
Saigon Kick
Saxon
Slaughter
Soulmotor
Styx
38 Special
Thin Lizzy
Tyketto
Vixen (band)
Warrant
Widowmaker (Dee Snider band)
W.A.S.P.
Yes
See also
WARHEAD "Tonight We Rock EP. 002 Release for CMC
References
American independent record labels
Heavy metal record labels
Rock record labels
Record labels established in 1991
Record labels disestablished in 2000
Defunct record labels of the United States
1991 establishments in North Carolina
Norton Peak, at above sea level is the third highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is in Blaine County and Sawtooth National Recreation Area about northeast of the Camas County border. It is the 331st highest peak in Idaho. Miner Lake is on the west side of the peak, and Upper and Lower Norton lakes are south of the peak.
References
Mountains of Idaho
Mountains of Blaine County, Idaho
Sawtooth National Forest
Bryan Charles Kocis (May 28, 1962 – January 24, 2007), also known as Bryan Phillips, was a director of gay pornographic films and founder of Cobra Video, a gay porn film studio. Kocis was murdered at their Dallas Township, Pennsylvania home on January 24, 2007; arson was used in an attempt to disguise the circumstances of their death. Two escorts, Harlow Cuadra and Joseph Kerekes, were charged and convicted for Kocis' murder and subsequently given a sentence of life imprisonment without any possibility of parole.
Early life
Bryan Charles Kocis was raised in Larksville, Pennsylvania, the first son of Michael and Joyce Kocis. They graduated from Rochester Institute of Technology, after which they worked as a medical photographer for a local eye doctor.
Career
After they left the medical photography business, they tried several business ventures, all of which failed. In 2001, they were involved in a cellular phone venture. After being charged with sexual assault on a 15-year-old boy, they were removed as a partner in that venture, and established Cobra Video, also in 2001. Later that year, Kocis filed for bankruptcy in federal court. Kocis created two legal entities with the name "Cobra Video LLC": one in Pennsylvania in 2002, the other in Delaware in 2005.
Cobra competed in the market niche of low-budget, Barely Legal-style bareback films. The company was dedicated to "Capturing the Erotic Essence of Youth" by producing pornographic movies of young men who looked as if they could be adolescents having sex without condoms.
In the five years after, between their bankruptcy and their death, Kocis' Cobra Video did very well financially. At the time of their death, Kocis had amassed personal possessions which included a Maserati convertible, a BMW sport utility vehicle and an Aston Martin car. In addition to their Dallas Township home, Kocis owned two adjacent Rice Township parcels of land, valued at over $400,000, with no mortgages.
Controversies
Allegations of sexual abuse of a child
In 2002, police found a videotape of Bryan Kocis, then 39, and a 15-year-old male in their home. Kocis pleaded guilty to one count of sexual abuse of a child. They were charged with child pornography, and transportation of a minor for sexual purposes. Since the boy had lied about their age Kocis was given a probation sentence.
In 2006 a judge, Michael Conahan, signed paperwork changing Kocis' charge from sex assault to corruption of minors. Kocis' former attorney, Al Flora, said the change was made because the original charge of sexual assault of a child was a mistake and that, "We didn't realize there was an error until 2006." As a result of that change, Kocis was not required to be registered as a Megan's Law offender. Conahan later pleaded guilty to federal racketeering charges in relation to the infamous "Kids for Cash" scandal, and is serving 17.5 years in prison.
Brent Corrigan
Beginning in early 2004, Kocis cast Sean Lockhart, in Cobra's Every Poolboy's Dream under the stage name "Brent Corrigan". They starred in several more films in that year, notably Schoolboy Crush in 2004, in Bareboned Twinks and Casting Couch 4 in 2005, and other releases in 2006. On September 13, 2005, Corrigan's attorney announced that Corrigan was underaged when they filmed scenes for Cobra Video, and had used a fake ID to participate in those scenes. Cobra denied that it was ever aware of such allegations and publicly stated that it had copies of Corrigan's identity documents claiming a birth year of 1985. A civil lawsuit between the two parties began soon after.
Kocis denied the allegations and began a counter-suit for copyright infringement, for the unauthorized use of Cobra's “Brent Corrigan” name. A final hearing in the matter was scheduled for February 21, 2007.
In 2005 and 2006, Cobra removed six of the titles which featured Lockhart from store shelves, although they cited no reason for the removal.
Death
Kocis was found dead on January 24, 2007 at the age of 44, after a fire at their Dallas Township, Pennsylvania home. According to the investigating coroner, Kocis was stabbed 28 times and their throat was cut, nearly decapitating him. Their body was left in the house before it was set on fire. Officials had to use dental records to identify Kocis because their body was burned beyond recognition.
On May 15, 2007, two Virginia Beach escorts, Harlow Cuadra and Joseph Kerekes, were arrested and charged with Kocis' murder. Police arrested the pair after discovering evidence on Kocis' computer, which had survived the fire.
On December 8, 2008, Kerekes pleaded guilty to second-degree murder, theft, tampering with or fabricating evidence, and criminal conspiracy, and was sentenced to life in prison without parole. Cuadra pleaded not guilty and went to trial on February 24, 2009. They were found guilty of all charges. On March 16, they were sentenced to life in prison without parole. On April 7, 2009, Cuadra appealed their life sentence.
Popular culture
Bryan Kocis' lawsuit against Sean Lockhart and the claim by Luzerne County (Pennsylvania) prosecutors during Harlow Cuadra's murder trial that Lockhart was "contractually bound" to perform sex acts for money for Bryan Kocis' Cobra Video company led to on-going public discussion about the legality of adult industry contracts and revealed why the adult entertainment industry in North America is concentrated in the State of California.
Cobra Killer: Gay Porn Murder, was written by authors Andrew E. Stoner and Peter A. Conway, was about Bryan Kocis' murder, and the trials of Harlow Cuadra and Joseph Kerekes. Cobra Killer was published by Magnus Books on June 19, 2012.
Based on the book, the film King Cobra premiered at the 2016 Tribeca Film Festival, with Christian Slater playing Bryan Kocis.
A new play by Bill Crouch about Bryan Kocis' death, entitled Cruel Men: In the Lion's Den, is currently being workshopped in New York City.
Partial videography
Every Poolboy's Dream, 2004 (Cobra Video)
Schoolboy Crush, 2004 (Cobra Video)
Bareboned Twinks, 2005 (Cobra Video)
Casting Couch 4, 2005 (Cobra Video)
The previous four titles were voluntarily removed from circulation due to Corrigan's underage dispute. They have remained for sale on internet auction sites.
Cream BBoys, 2006 (Cobra Video)
Naughty Boy's Toys, 2006 (Cobra Video)
Brent Corrigan: Fuck Me Raw, 2006 (Cobra Video)
Take It Like a Bitch Boy, 2006 (Cobra Video)
References
External links
Cobra Video's corporate web site
Cobra Killer: Book about Bryan Kocis Murder
Book: Kids For Cash by William Ecenbarger describes Luzerne County Pennsylvania as "a culture of corruption"
1962 births
2007 deaths
People from Larksville, Pennsylvania
American pornographers
LGBT film directors
American pornographic film directors
American pornographic film producers
American murder victims
Directors of gay pornographic films
People murdered in Pennsylvania
Deaths by stabbing in Pennsylvania
Film directors from Pennsylvania
2007 murders in the United States
Violence against LGBT people
Rochester Institute of Technology alumni
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Musgrave Park is a park in South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. The park is bordered by Edmonstone, Russell, and Cordelia Streets, and Brisbane State High School, and has an area of . The park is of cultural significance to Aboriginal Australians.
The park and the former bowls clubhouse (now used as a community centre) are listed on the Brisbane Heritage Register.
History
Musgrave Park is a remnant of the former Kurilpa (South Brisbane) Aboriginal camping ground that stretched from "Highgate Hill and on (to) the slanting slopes of Cumboomeya (Somerville House)" and additionally "sometimes they made a camp in the little scrub then situated on the river bank near the recent entrance to the Dry Dock". From here and Woolloongabba, Aboriginal people in the 1840s and 1850s would go into South Brisbane to work chopping wood, carrying water, and selling fish. The South Brisbane Recreation Reserve (as it was originally known) was created in 1856. In 1867, it was proposed to build a public grammar school (Brisbane State High School) adjacent to the reserve. In 1884, it was renamed Musgrave Park after the then Governor of Queensland, Sir Anthony Musgrave.
An effort to collect documents related to the Aboriginal historical links to the park was spearheaded by Bob Weatherall in 1983. In 1985, the Musgrave Park Report was released, identifying Indigenous links to the area. In 1998, the Brisbane City Council allocated part of the park for the establishment of an Indigenous cultural centre. The council has described the park as a place for holding feasts, ceremonies and dispute resolution.
Current use
Musgrave Park is home to the Jagera Arts Centre (formerly the lawn bowls clubhouse) and is one of the few remaining green spaces left in Brisbane's inner city. On 24 August 1998, after twenty years of legal struggles with the Queensland state government, the Musgrave Park Aboriginal Corporation (MPAC) secured a lease to build a cultural centre on portions of the park. The park holds special significance to the local indigenous population due to a past restriction barring Aborigines from crossing the park and entering the city of Brisbane. Notably, being the site of a buried bora ring, it has historically been a sacred site to the native Murri people.
Each year, the park hosts the Paniyiri Greek Festival, the National Aboriginal and Islander Day of Celebration (NAIDOC) Park Day, and the Lesbian and Gay Brisbane Pride Festival Fair Day.
In 2020, the last day of National Reconciliation Week was marked by a candlelight vigil in Musgrave Park on 3 June 2020, with 432 candles lit for the of the Aboriginal deaths in custody since the 1991 end of the Royal Commission into Aboriginal Deaths in Custody, and an extra one for George Floyd, an Afro-American man killed by a police officer.
See also
List of festivals in Brisbane
List of parks in Brisbane
References
External links
Musgrave Park Cultural Centre
The Foundation for Aboriginal and Islander Research Action (FAIRA)
Parks in Brisbane
South Brisbane, Queensland
Pre-Separation Queensland
Brisbane Local Heritage Register
Sybil Howy Irving, MBE (25 February 1897 – 28 March 1973) was the founder and controller of the Australian Women's Army Service during World War II. They served in this position from 1941 to 1946 and was active in charity and social organisations until they were aged 74.
Social work
Irving was born on 25 February 1897 at Victoria Barracks in Melbourne. They were the oldest of three children and their father, Godfrey Irving, was an Army officer who later held senior positions in the Australian Army. The family moved frequently as their father was posted to new positions, and they were educated at schools in most states.
Irving worked in several social welfare positions after leaving school. During World War I they served in a Red Cross voluntary aid detachment in Australia. In 1924 they became secretary of the Girl Guides' Association, Victoria, a position they held until 1940. In 1935, they were one of the two founders of the Victorian Society for Crippled Children (and Adults) and worked for this organisation until their death. They were appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) on 2 January 1939 for their services to social welfare services in Victoria. Irving left the Girl Guides Association in 1940 to work as Assistant-Secretary of the Victorian Red Cross Society.
War service
In September 1941, Irving accepted an offer from the Army's Adjutant-General, Major General Victor Stantke, to lead the newly formed Australian Women's Army Service (AWAS). This appointment was mainly made on the basis of their family background and guiding experience, and Irving later acknowledged that they had "no qualifications at all" for the position. They were appointed Controller of the AWAS in October and immediately travelled around Australia to recruit officers. They were promoted to lieutenant colonel in January 1942, and successfully established a framework into which 24,000 female soldiers eventually enlisted.
Irving was based at the AWAS' headquarters in Melbourne throughout the war. One of their officers described them as "Impressive. They could be abrupt, decisive and self-assured in the public arena in a way women were not expected – or trained to be in those days, and this stood them in good stead". They used Guiding as the basis for the AWAS, and this practice drew both praise and criticism. They also supported the Australian Government's policy that members of the AWAS not operate weapons, arguing that "these girls will be the mothers of the children who will rebuild Australia. They must not have the death of another mother's son on their hands". Irving did not support the Government's restriction against servicewomen being deployed to operational areas in the South West Pacific Area, and succeeded in having this overturned in 1945.
Irving was promoted to colonel in February 1943, and had 20,000 women serving under them when the AWAS reached its peak strength in 1944. At the end of the war they encouraged AWAS members to undertake further training to find jobs in the civilian labour force, but only a small proportion of servicewomen did so. Irving left the Army in January 1947 when the AWAS was disbanded. They later wrote to all their former officers to inquire after their welfare and ask what they were doing in the post-war world.
Later life
Irving returned to social work after completing their military service. In 1947, they became general secretary of the Victorian Division of the Red Cross and held this position until 1959. They were also appointed Honorary Colonel of the Women's Royal Australian Army Corps (WRAAC) when the Army re-formed its women's service in 1951. In 1960–61 they took a 13-month-long holiday in Britain and Europe, during which time they resigned from the WRAAC in 1961.
After returning to Australia Irving worked as a consultant for the Victorian Old People's Welfare Council organising elderly citizens' clubs until they retired in 1971. They died on 28 March 1973 at their home in South Yarra and was buried with full military honours at Fawkner cemetery. Following their death Irving's friends and former colleagues raised funds for memorials to them in all of the Australian capital cities.
Notes
References
1897 births
1973 deaths
Australian colonels
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Military personnel from Melbourne
Women in the Australian military
Australian women in World War II
Robert Alexander Barel (born 23 December 1957 in Amsterdam) is an athlete from the Netherlands. They compete in triathlon.
Career
Originally a swimmer, Barel competed and won their first triathlon in 1982 (Amsterdam). Won the very first ETU European Championships in 1985 (Immenstadt). Competed in the first ITU World Championships in 1989 (Avignon, 5th place). Won the first ITU Long Distance Championships in 1994 (Nice). Competed in the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took forty-third place with a total time of 1:55:36.69 at the age of 42.
Titles
World Champion Long Distance triathlon: 1994
European Champion Middle Distance triathlon EK: 1986, 1988, 1994
European Champion Olympic distance triathlon: 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988
National Champion Olympic distance triathlon: 1986, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1994, 1998
National Champion duatlon: 1993, 1994, 1997
National Champion cross triathlon: 2005, 2008
European Champion cross triathlon: 2008
National Champion Mountainbike Masters2: 2005, 2006, 2007
Major achievements
References
Dutch Olympic Committee
sports-reference
1957 births
Living people
Dutch male triathletes
Duathletes
Dutch mountain bikers
Olympic triathletes of the Netherlands
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Amsterdam
Ludovic: The Snow Gift is a Canadian animated short film, directed by Co Hoedeman and released in 1998. The film centres on Ludovic, a baby teddy bear who find solace in a dancing and singing doll, after their father forbids them from going tobogganing because he's too little. Inspired by Hoedeman's own childhood teddy bear, the film was animated primarily through stop motion animation of puppets.
After premiering in 1998, the film was screened in 1999 as the opening film to theatrical screenings of Babar: King of the Elephants.
The film received a Genie Award nomination for Best Animated Short Film at the 20th Genie Awards.
Several sequel films, Ludovic: A Crocodile in My Garden (2000), Ludovic: Visiting Grandpa (2001) and Ludovic: Magic in the Air (2002), were released over the next number of years.
References
External links
Watch Ludovic: The Snow Gift at the National Film Board of Canada
1998 short films
1998 films
Canadian animated short films
National Film Board of Canada animated short films
1990s English-language films
1990s Canadian films
"Revival" is a 1989 song by the British pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart, along with keyboardist Pat Seymour and vocalist Charlie Wilson (of The Gap Band) who also sang backing vocals for the track. Produced by Dave Stewart and Jimmy Iovine, it was the first single to be released from Eurythmics' 1989 album We Too Are One.
Lennox and Stewart returned to a rock/R&B sound for the album, and "Revival" is an uptempo tune which lyrically is a call for renewal and encouragement. The single reached number 26 in the UK, and was the duo's sixteenth (and final) Top 20 single in Australia. "Revival" was not released as a single in the United States. In 1990, there was a cover version in Cantonese named 乖乖 by 甄楚倩 that reached number 3 at pop charts in Hong Kong.
Track listing
UK 7" Single
1. Revival (LP Version) - 4:09
2. Precious (Non-LP Track) - 3:40
UK 12" Single & CD Single
1. Revival (E.T. Dance Mix) - 6:25
2. Revival (LP Version) - 4:09
3. Precious (Non-LP Track) - 3:40
* The B-side track, "Precious", is a Eurythmics composition and is unrelated to the 1992 solo track by Annie Lennox.
Charts
References
1989 singles
Eurythmics songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
1989 songs
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Iovine
Songs written by Charlie Wilson (singer)
Songs written by Patrick Seymour
Robert Sargent Austin RA PPRWS PPRE (23 June 1895 – 18 September 1973) was a noted artist, illustrator, engraver and currency designer and widely considered to be one of Britain's leading mid-twentieth century printmakers.
Biography
Austin studied at Leicester Municipal School of Art from 1909 to 1913 then at the Royal College of Art in London where their studies were interrupted by the First World War. They returned to the College in 1919 when they studied etching under Sir Frank Short and was awarded a scholarship in engraving to study in Italy. During the last 10 years of the etching revival between 1920 and 1930 they produced etchings from copper plates worked in very fine detail in an almost Pre-Raphaelite style. During the Second World War Austin worked as a war artist recording the efforts of women in the Royal Air Force and in the nursing services for the War Artists' Advisory Committee. During that period they produced a portrait of Lord Nelson as one of a series commissioned by London Transport called 'Our Heritage' and which also included portraits of William Pitt, Francis Drake, Earl Haig and Winston Churchill.
They then returned to teaching at the Royal College of Art as Professor of Engraving from 1946. Austin acted as an advisor on the design of banknotes to the Bank of England between 1956 and 1961 and designed the ten shillings and one pound notes issued in the early 1960s.
Austin was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers (R.E.) in 1927 and succeeded Malcolm Osborne to become the Society's President from 1962 to 1970. They were elected a full member of the Royal Watercolour Society (R.W.S.) in 1934 and served as President from 1957 to 1973. They were elected an Associate of the Royal Academy in 1939 and to the full membership (R.A.) in 1949 as an engraver.
Austin was married to the writer Ada May Harrison for whom they illustrated a number of books. They had a son, Robert, and two daughters, Rachel and Clare. In 1936 they purchased an old Methodist chapel in Burnham Overy Staithe in North Norfolk and converted it into a studio where they could look out onto the beautiful marshes and landscape and paint. They used to paint in the early hours of the morning because they liked the light best at that time.
References
External links
Prints by Austin in the British Museum collection
1895 births
1973 deaths
20th-century English painters
20th-century British printmakers
Academics of the Royal College of Art
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
British currency designers
English etchers
English illustrators
English male painters
English printmakers
People from Leicester
Royal Academicians
20th-century English male artists
Giovanni Battista Biscarra or Jean-Baptiste Biscarra (February 22, 1790 – April 13, 1851) was an Italian painter, sculptor and lithographer. They principally painted historical and religious subjects and royal portraits.
Life
Born in Nizza (then in Savoy, part of the Kingdom of Sardinia, now Nice in France), Biscarra was the son of Caterina Coppon and Giuseppe Costantino Biscarra. Their father was auditor and general treasurer of the Royal Army of the Kingdom of Sardinia and the House of Savoy.
Their cousin was the romantic poet Agathe-Sophie Sasserno.
Biscarra learned the rudiments of art from Pietro Benvenuti at the Accademia di Firenze in Florence, where their family had taken refuge during the French occupation of Savoy and the Piedmont. After many years of study at the Academy of Fine Arts of Florence, they graduated with the painting The Prodigal Son Weeps For Their Errors (circa 1813, private collection). In 1815, Biscarra moved to Rome with a stipend from King Victor Emmanuel I of Sardinia. There, they studied at the Accademia di San Luca where they refined their skills as a student of Vincenzo Camuccini and became friends with the leading artists of Roman neoclassicism, including Antonio Canova, Bertel Thorvaldsen, Pietro Tenerani, and several others. They gained great notoriety in Rome with The Remorse of Cain (1819, antechamber of the Superintendence, in the Palazzo Carignano).
After six years in Rome, Biscarra was summoned to Turin by the new King Charles Felix of Sardinia. By sovereign decree of 17 September 1821 they were named the "first painter of Their Majesty, Head and Master of the Schools of Painting and Drawing, and Director of the Academy of the Nude". In 1822, they began teaching there, proving themselves to be an excellent instructor. They continued teaching after the establishment of the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in 1824 and after the Albertine reform of the Academy in 1833. In 1842, they participated in the founding of the 'Società Promotrice delle Belle Arti' ('Society for the Promotion of Fine Arts'). They served the successive Kings of Sardinia until their death, including, ultimately, King Vittorio Emmanuele II, who later became the first king of unified Italy. Biscarra died in Turin on 13 April 1851.
Their son Carlo Felice Biscarra (born in 1821) was a prominent painter in Turin, and also taught at the Academy there. Their grandson Cesare Biscarra (born in 1866) was both a talented sculptor and painter.
Works
Biscarra is best known for their compositions depicting episodes from the history of the Kingdom of Sardinia and the House of Savoy.  They are also known for their altarpieces for the churches of Turin, Alba, Nizza Monferrato, Fossano, Mondovì and several other towns in the Piedmont. Biscarra is further recognized as an excellent portrait painter, and many of their portraits are of the members of the royal households of Sardinia and Savoy. Biscarra is known to have painted two self-portraits. One is on display in the Galleria D'Arte Moderna in Milan (image above). The other is in the collection of the Galleria degli Uffizi in Florence.
Their earliest works hearkened back to the Baroque period, but then they quickly progressed after moving to Rome toward a neoclassical style akin to that of Jacques-Louis David. Later in life, they developed a more purist taste, especially in their religious compositions. In their most mature phase they showed a romantic tendency, as exemplified in their narrations of events from national history. In their latest works, especially in their late portraits and The Nude Class of the Academy of Fine Arts (1840, Albertina, Turin, Civic Museum, the Modern Art Gallery), they showed a movement towards realism.
They excelled in large-scale compositions. The Royal Palace of Turin and various churches of that city have works of Biscarra including The promulgation of the Albertine Civil Code. They also painted the stage curtain of the former Municipal Theatre (Opera), which was destroyed by fire in 1881.
References
External links
1790 births
1851 deaths
People from Nizza Monferrato
Italian neoclassical painters
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
19th-century Italian painters
Painters from Piedmont
Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze alumni
Accademia Albertina faculty
19th-century Italian male artists
Shedd Park is a public park in Lowell, Massachusetts. It is located off Rogers Street (Route 38) and flanked by Boylston Street and Knapp Avenue in the Belvidere section of the city. It includes multiple baseball fields, tennis/basketball courts, a pavilion, and a water park. In combination with Fort Hill and the Lowell Cemetery, Shedd Park is one of the largest urban green spaces in the Greater Lowell area.
The park was made possible in part through the contribution of $100,000 from the estate of Freeman B. Shedd. Their wife, Amy, died in 1924 and their daughter had died in 1921 without having any children. This money allowed the city to develop the park which they had donated in 1910. The Shedd Park Field House was built in 1927 and on October 29, 2016 it was dedicated and renamed the John D. Lord Pavilion.
See also
Rogers Fort Hill Park Historic District
Belvidere Hill Historic District
References
External links
Shedd Park description from the City of Lowell Recreation Office
Shedd Park baseball
1910 establishments in Massachusetts
Parks in Lowell, Massachusetts
Protected areas established in 1910
The Oriental Mindoro Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Oriental Mindoro.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Oriental Mindoro.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Antonio Perez Jr. (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Oriental Mindoro
Provincial boards in the Philippines
A Swedish Love Story is an EP released by Canadian musician Owen Pallett. Following Heartland, this is Pallett's second release under their own name rather than their previous stage name, Final Fantasy.
Critical reception
The EP was received favorably, generally scoring slightly below its predecessor, Heartland. Pitchfork scored the release at 7.4 out of 10.
Track listing
Personnel
Produced by Rusty Santos and Owen Pallett
Mixed by Rusty Santos
Engineering assistance from Brian Thorn at The Magic Shop
Mastered by Alan Douches at West West Side Music
Published by Open Wallett
Design by Colin Bergh
Owen Pallett – violin, synths, keyboards, vocals
Thomas Gill – guitar
Shahzad Ismaily – drums, electric bass, percussion\
Rob Moose – violin
Nadia Sirota – viola
Clarice Jensen – cello
Artwork
The packaging for the release displays four altered pieces of artwork, credited as follows:
Scentless Mayweed, 2007, Roger Whitehead
Carolus Linnaeus in Laponian costume, 1853, Hendrik Hollander
Linnaea Borealis, 1901, Carl Axel Magnus Lindman
Untitled, 2009, Agnes Thor
References
2010 EPs
Owen Pallett albums
Siah Bisheh () may refer to:
Siah Bisheh, Chalus
The Fairview Ski Hill is a ski area located about 15 km southwest of the Town of Fairview, Alberta, Canada. It has a rope tow, 2 platters and one T-bar and 15 runs. They offer of groomed runs on 100% natural snow. There is skiing and snowboarding for everyone, no matter ability. The Fairview Ski Hill has lessons available for beginners, a terrain park for the snowboarders and many special events throughout the season.
The hill was incorporated as a non-profit organization in 1970 and heavily relied on volunteer and community support. Volunteers continue to assist in projects and it is still run by a volunteer board.
Facilities
Fully Equipped Day Lodge
Rental Shop
large selection of Salomon parabolic skis
wide range of snowboards
Concession
variety of meals, snacks & drinks
daily specials
Lift system
See also
List of ski areas and resorts in Canada
References
http://www.skifairview.com
External links
Official Website
Facebook Page
Municipal District of Fairview No. 136
Ski areas and resorts in Alberta
Stefankowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 289.
References
Stefankowice-Kolonia
Voskopoulos () is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Pavlos Voskopoulos (born 1964), Greek politician
Tolis Voskopoulos (1940–2021), Greek singer, actor, and composer
Greek-language surnames
The Mildred River is a tributary of La Trêve Lake, flowing in regional County Municipality (RCM) of Eeyou Istchee James Bay (municipality), in the administrative region of Nord-du-Québec, Canadian province of Quebec, in Canada.
The lower section of the Mildred River flows successively through the townships of Turgis, Julien, Lantagnac and Guettard.
The hydrographic slope of the Mildred River is accessible on road 113 linking Lebel-sur-Quévillon to Chibougamau. This route passes South of the mouth of the Mildred River and passes South of La Trêve Lake and Inconnu Lake.
The surface of the Mildred River is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice movement is generally from mid-November to mid-April.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes adjacent to the Mildred River are:
North side: Caupichigau River, Caupichigau Lake, Omo River, Capichigamau Lake, Monsan River;
East side: Chibougamau River, Brock River;
South side: Chibougamau River, La Trêve Lake, Obatogamau River;
West side: Maicasagi River, La Trêve River, Caupichigau River.
The Mildred River rises at the mouth of a Wiki Lake (length: ; altitude: ). The mouth of this head lake is located at:
South of the southern boundary of the Assinica Wildlife Sanctuary;
Northeast of the mouth of the Mildred River (confluence with La Trêve Lake);
Northeast of the mouth of the La Trêve River (confluence with the Maicasagi River);
Northeast of the mouth of the Maicasagi River (confluence with Maicasagi Lake);
Northeast of the mouth of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
Northeast of the mouth of Matagami Lake;
Southeast of the mouth of the Nottaway River;
North of downtown Matagami
From Mildred River, the Mildred River flows over according to the following segments:
westerly in Turgis Township to a small bay on the Northeastern shore of Lake Turgis;
southwesterly to the bottom of a bay southeast of Lac aux Quatre Cornices;
to the west, crossing the Lake at Four Corners (length: ; altitude: );
to the South, crossing at the end of the segment the "Lac des Petites Plages" (length: ; altitude: ) ;
southwesterly, then West crossing Lake Thomelet (length: ; altitude: ) at the end of the segment;
southwesterly to the northeastern boundary of Mildred Lake;
southwesterly, crossing Mildred Lake (elevation: ) on its full length;
South to mouth.
The "Mildred River" flows into a river bend on the Northeastern shore of the La Trêve River. From there, it flows Northwest to the Southeast bank of the Maicasagi River. The current flows westward to the East shore of Maicasagi Lake. Then the current flows southwesterly through the Max Passage into the Goéland Lake. The latter is crossed to the northwest by the Waswanipi River which is a tributary of Matagami Lake.
The mouth of the Mildred River located at:
Northeast of the mouth of La Trêve Lake;
East of the mouth of the La Trêve River (confluence with the Maicasagi River);
Northeast of the mouth of the Maicasagi River (confluence with Maicasagi Lake);
Northeast of the mouth of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
Northeast of the mouth of Olga Lake (Waswanipi River);
Northeast of the village center of Waswanipi;
Northeast of downtown Matagami.
Toponymy
The toponym "Mildred River" was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec, i.e. at the creation of this commission
References
See also
Rivers of Nord-du-Québec
Nottaway River drainage basin
Eeyou Istchee James Bay
Abderrahmane Mansouri (born 13 January 1995) is an Algerian racing cyclist, who rides for Emirati amateur team Yasi Cycling Team. In 2015 and 2016 they won the Algerian National Road Race Championships.
Major results
2012
National Junior Road Championships
1st Road race
1st Time trial
African Junior Road Championships
3rd Time trial
7th Road race
2013
National Junior Road Championships
1st Road race
1st Time trial
African Junior Road Championships
2nd Road race
3rd Team time trial
4th Time trial
2014
1st Road race, Arab Road Championships
4th Grand Prix d'Oran
6th Critérium International de Sétif
7th Overall Tour d'Algérie
8th Overall Sharjah International Cycling Tour
9th Overall Tour de Constantine
2015
1st Road race, National Road Championships
African Games
2nd Team time trial
10th Road race
2nd Overall Tour International de Sétif
1st Young rider classification
2nd Circuit de Constantine
3rd Overall Tour de Constantine
1st Stage 2
4th Circuit d'Alger
5th Overall Tour du Faso
1st Young rider classification
8th Overall Tour Internationale d'Oranie
2016
National Road Championships
1st Road race
1st Under-23 road race
3rd Time trial
1st Overall Tour de Tunisie
2nd Team time trial, African Road Championships
3rd Overall Tour d'Annaba
1st Young rider classification
3rd Overall Tour du Sénégal
1st Young rider classification
1st Stage 1
3rd Circuit de Constantine
6th Critérium International de Sétif
7th Overall Tour Internationale d'Oranie
8th Overall Tour International de Sétif
2017
1st Team time trial, Arab Road Championships
2nd Team time trial, African Road Championships
National Under-23 Road Championships
2nd Time trial
2nd Road race
6th Overall Tour Meles Zenawi
2018
2nd Overall Tour d'Algérie
3rd Team time trial, African Road Championships
5th Overall Grand Prix International de la ville d'Alger
7th Overall Tour International de la Wilaya d'Oran
2019
National Road Championships
3rd Time trial
3rd Road race
5th Trophée Princier, Challenge du Prince
2021
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Algerian male cyclists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Cyclists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Algeria
African Games silver medalists for Algeria
African Games medalists in cycling
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Algeria
21st-century Algerian people
20th-century Algerian people
Qullpayuq (Quechua qullpa salty, saltpeter, -yuq a suffix, "the one with saltpeter", also spelled Culpayo) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Junín Region, Yauli Province, on the border of the districts of Carhuacayán and Marcapomacocha. Qullpayuq lies northwest of the mountain and lake named Muruqucha, north of a lake called Yanaqucha ("black lake").
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
A black hole firewall is a hypothetical phenomenon where an observer falling into a black hole encounters high-energy quanta at (or near) the event horizon. The "firewall" phenomenon was proposed in 2012 by physicists Ahmed Almheiri, Donald Marolf, Joseph Polchinski, and James Sully as a possible solution to an apparent inconsistency in black hole complementarity. The proposal is sometimes referred to as the AMPS firewall, an acronym for the names of the authors of the 2012 paper. The potential inconsistency pointed out by AMPS had been pointed out earlier by Samir Mathur who used the argument in favour of the fuzzball proposal. The use of a firewall to resolve this inconsistency remains controversial, with physicists divided as to the solution to the paradox.
The motivating paradox
According to quantum field theory in curved spacetime, a single emission of Hawking radiation involves two mutually entangled particles. The outgoing particle escapes and is emitted as a quantum of Hawking radiation; the infalling particle is swallowed by the black hole. Assume that a black hole formed a finite time in the past and will fully evaporate away in some finite time in the future. Then, it will only emit a finite amount of information encoded within its Hawking radiation. For an old black hole that has crossed the half-way point of evaporation, general arguments from quantum-information theory by Page and Lubkin suggest that the new Hawking radiation must be entangled with the old Hawking radiation. However, since the new Hawking radiation must also be entangled with degrees of freedom behind the horizon, this creates a paradox: a principle called "monogamy of entanglement" requires that, like any quantum system, the outgoing particle cannot be fully entangled with two independent systems at the same time; yet here the outgoing particle appears to be entangled with both the infalling particle and, independently, with past Hawking radiation.
AMPS initially argued that to resolve the paradox physicists may eventually be forced to give up one of three time-tested principles: Einstein's equivalence principle, unitarity, or existing quantum field theory. However, it is now accepted that an additional tacit assumption in the monogamy paradox was that of locality. A common view is that theories of quantum gravity do not obey exact locality, which leads to a resolution of the paradox. On the other hand, some physicists argue that such violations of locality cannot resolve the paradox.
The "firewall" resolution to the paradox
Some scientists suggest that the entanglement must somehow get immediately broken between the infalling particle and the outgoing particle. Breaking this entanglement would release large amounts of energy, thus creating a searing "black hole firewall" at the black hole event horizon. This resolution requires a violation of Einstein's equivalence principle, which states that free-falling is indistinguishable from floating in empty space. This violation has been characterized as "outrageous"; theoretical physicist Raphael Bousso has complained that "a firewall simply can't appear in empty space, any more than a brick wall can suddenly appear in an empty field and smack you in the face."
Non-firewall resolutions to the paradox
Some scientists suggest that there is in fact no entanglement between the emitted particle and previous Hawking radiation. This resolution would require black hole information loss, a controversial violation of unitarity.
Others, such as Steve Giddings, suggest modifying quantum field theory so that entanglement would be gradually lost as the outgoing and infalling particles separate, resulting in a more gradual release of energy inside the black hole, and consequently no firewall.
The Papadodimas–Raju proposal posited that the interior of the black hole was described by the same degrees of freedom as the Hawking radiation. This resolves the monogamy paradox by identifying the two systems that the late Hawking radiation is entangled with. Since, in this proposal, these systems are the same, there is no contradiction with the monogamy of entanglement. Along similar lines, Juan Maldacena and Leonard Susskind suggested in the ER=EPR proposal that the outgoing and infalling particles are somehow connected by wormholes, and therefore are not independent systems.
The fuzzball picture resolves the dilemma by replacing the 'no-hair' vacuum with a stringy quantum state, thus explicitly coupling any outgoing Hawking radiation with the formation history of the black hole.
Stephen Hawking received widespread mainstream media coverage in January 2014 with an informal proposal to replace the event horizon of a black hole with an "apparent horizon" where infalling matter is suspended and then released; however, some scientists have expressed confusion about what precisely is being proposed and how the proposal would solve the paradox.
Characteristics and detection
The firewall would exist at the black hole's event horizon, and would be invisible to observers outside the event horizon. Matter passing through the event horizon into the black hole would immediately be "burned to a crisp" by an arbitrarily hot "seething maelstrom of particles" at the firewall.
In a merger of two black holes, the characteristics of a firewall (if any) may leave a mark on the outgoing gravitational radiation as "echoes" when waves bounce in the vicinity of the fuzzy event horizon. The expected quantity of such echoes is theoretically unclear, as physicists don't currently have a good physical model of firewalls. In 2016, cosmologist Niayesh Afshordi and others argued there were tentative signs of some such echo in the data from the first black hole merger detected by LIGO; more recent work has argued there is no statistically significant evidence for such echoes in the data.
See also
Black hole information paradox
Black hole thermodynamics
Gravitational time dilation
Magnetospheric eternally collapsing object
References
Black holes
Quantum gravity
Quantum mechanical entropy
Theorems in general relativity
London Buses route 394 is Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Homerton University Hospital and Islington, it is operated by HCT Group.
History
Route 394 originally commenced operating on 15 September 2001 as the Shoreditch Hoppa under a London Service Permit. It was developed to address the lack of public transport running east to west across Shoreditch and funded as part of the New Deal for Communities (NDC). The NDC appointed Hackney Community Transport to run the service following a competitive tendering process.
The service initially ran at a half-hourly frequency between Tolpuddle Street in Islington and Broadway Market. It was operated with two Renault minibuses in a unique blue livery and served several roads with no other bus routes. Passenger numbers rose rapidly to 2,200 per week and Transport for London agreed to integrate the Shoreditch Hoppa into the mainstream London Buses network, with a route number and inclusion on network maps.
Transport for London awarded HCT Group subsidiary CT Plus a contract to operate route 394 from 3 May 2003. Upon being re-tendered, CT Plus retained the route with a new contract commencing on 1 May 2010. At the same time, the route was extended to Homerton and the vehicles on the route changed to low-floor Dennis Dart SLFs. The frequency of the route was increased; from initially using just two vehicles, it now requires 10 buses.
In October 2009, a baby was born on a bus operating route 394. The baby was given the middle name Dennis after the manufacturer of the bus.
Current route
Route 394 operates via these primary locations:
Homerton University Hospital
Hackney Central station
Broadway Market
Haggerston Park
Hoxton
Shoreditch Park
Angel station
Islington Tolpuddle Street
Route 394 links the busy boroughs of Hackney and Islington, and visits the culturally significant areas of London Fields and Hoxton. Its route was featured in Time Out London magazine in March 2009.
References
External links
394 bus route - Transport for London
Bus routes in London
Transport in the London Borough of Hackney
Transport in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Transport in the London Borough of Islington
A list of films produced in Azerbaijan SSR ordered by year of release in the 1950s:
Films:1918-1990 see also List of Soviet films
1950s
External links
Azerbaijani film at the Internet Movie Database
Azerbaycan Kinosu
Lists of 1950s films
1950
Films
The 2013 British Champions Series was the third annual British Champions Series for Thoroughbred racehorses, comprising 35 of the country's top flat races. It was sponsored by Qatari investment company, QIPCO. As with both previous Champions Series, it was split into five divisions. The horse rankings in each division were determined by the horses' performance ratings (as assessed by the British Horseracing Authority Official Handicapper) in QIPCO British Champions Series races throughout the season. There were also rankings for jockeys and trainers based on a points system.
Results
Sprint
Mile
Middle Distance
Long Distance
Fillies & Mares
Final standings
Horses
Jockeys
Trainers
References
British Champions Series
British Champions Series
2013 in British sport
Jamie Gillan (born 4 July 1997), nicknamed the Scottish Hammer, is a Scottish professional American football punter for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Arkansas–Pine Bluff.
Early years
Originally from Inverness, Gillan first played for Highland Rugby Club, before attending and playing rugby for Merchiston Castle School in Edinburgh. In 2013, they moved to Leonardtown, Maryland, where their father was stationed as a member of the Royal Air Force, and Gillan began playing American football in high school there. They then went on to play college football at Arkansas–Pine Bluff, receiving the scholarship offer through a Facebook invitation. Across their four years at Arkansas–Pine Bluff, Gillan had a total of 9,024 yards on 214 punts and average of 42.2 yards per punt. During a pre-draft workout, they reportedly popped three regulation-size NFL footballs.
Professional career
Cleveland Browns
After going undrafted in the 2019 NFL Draft, Gillan signed with the Cleveland Browns. In the team's second 2019 preseason game against the Indianapolis Colts, Gillan blasted a 74-yard punt. On August 31, 2019, they were named the starting punter for the Cleveland Browns over veteran Britton Colquitt.
In Week 2, Gillan punted six times, five landing inside the 20 with a long of 47 in a 23–3 win over the New York Jets, earning them AFC Special Teams Player of the Week. After having 11 punts inside the 20 and only allowing 19 punt return yards Gillan was named AFC Special Teams Player of the Month in September. In Week 5, Jamie Gillan punted 7 times for 397 yards including a 71-yard punt that set a career long for Gillan. Gillan ended their rookie season with 63 punts for 2913 yards (2622 net yards) with 28 punts downed inside the 20-yard line which earned them a spot on the Pro Football Writers Association All-Rookie team.
Gillan was placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list by the Browns on July 30, 2020, and activated from the list four days later.
Gillan was waived by the Browns on December 22, 2021.
Buffalo Bills
On December 24, 2021, Gillan was signed to the Buffalo Bills practice squad.
New York Giants
On February 7, 2022, the New York Giants signed Gillan to reserve/future contract and they became the lead contender to be the Giants' 2022 punter when the team released Riley Dixon in March. They kicked several field goals in a preseason game against the Bengals following an injury to Graham Gano, and made the 53-man roster.
Personal life
Gillan is nicknamed "The Scottish Hammer."
References
1997 births
Living people
Scottish players of American football
American football punters
Sportspeople from Inverness
Scottish rugby union players
Arkansas–Pine Bluff Golden Lions football players
Cleveland Browns players
Buffalo Bills players
New York Giants players
Alex Weil (July 31, 1951 – April 17, 2019) was the founder and executive creative director of the New York City based digital design and production studio Charlex (now CHRLX), which they founded alongside Charlie Levi (the company's name is a portmentau of their first names). They were awarded the "Video of the Year" MTV Video Music Award in 1984 for directing "You Might Think" by The Cars, and also wrote and directed the SIGGRAPH award-winning short digital animation One Rat Short.
References
External links
American music video directors
2019 deaths
Emmy Award winners
1951 births
Businesspeople from New York City
20th-century American businesspeople
Hotel Tobruk is a historic hotel in Tobruk, Libya.
History
The hotel Tobruk was built in 1937. It was located at the entrance of the port, the last stop before the Egyptian border.
It provided shelter for Erwin Rommel during the Siege of Tobruk in World War II.
Description
The hotel Tobruk had 20 rooms and an air-conditioning system.
References
Hotels in Tobruk
Hotels established in 1937
Hotel Tobruk
1937 establishments in Libya
The Poet Laureate of Washington is a poet designated by the government of the US state of Washington to promote poetry generally, and Washington poetry specifically, within the state. The office of Poet Laureate of Washington was established by an act of the Washington State Legislature in 2007.
History
In 1931, Ella Higginson was named "Poet Laureate of Washington" by the Washington State Federation of Women's Clubs, however, the position was an unofficial, privately recognized post. The office of Poet Laureate of Washington was not officially established until 2007 when the Washington legislature enacted a bill introduced by state senator Ken Jacobsen to create the office. Jacobsen's original proposal called for the poet laureate to be paid with a firkin of beer annually, however, the act as finally adopted simply specifies that the poet laureate "shall receive compensation at a level determined by the [Washington Arts] commission".
From 2009 to 2011 the office of poet laureate was vacant due to a paucity of state funds. In 2016 Gonzaga University professor Tod Marshall was appointed the fourth Poet Laureate of Washington. Marshall's major initiative during their term was Washington 129, an anthology of 129 poems gathered from Washingtonians meant to represent the 129 years (as of 2018) since Washington was admitted into the United States.
Office
The role of the Poet Laureate of Washington is to "build awareness and appreciation of poetry — including the state's legacy of poetry — through public readings, workshops, lectures and presentations in communities, schools, colleges, universities, and other public settings in geographically diverse areas of the state". Poets Laureate of Washington are appointed for a two-year term by the Governor of Washington acting on the recommendation of the Washington Arts Commission, an independent agency of the Washington state government, from a list of self-nominated candidates. The incumbent is eligible for reappointment one time. The office's only statutory qualifications are that the candidate be a resident of Washington and a published poet, though the commission is empowered to establish additional criteria.
The Poet Laureate of Washington receives an annual stipend of $10,000, which is funded by the Washington State Arts Commission (ArtsWA) and Humanities WA.
Poets laureate of Washington
Samuel Green (2007—2009)
Kathleen Flenniken (2012—2014)
Elizabeth Austen (2014—2016)
Tod Marshall (2016—2018)
Claudia Castro Luna (2019—2021)
Rena Priest (2021—2023)
See also
Poet laureate
List of U.S. states' poets laureate
United States Poet Laureate
References
Government of Washington (state)
2007 establishments in Washington (state)
American Poets Laureate
Hormonally Yours is the second studio album by British pop-rock act Shakespears Sister, released on 17 February 1992 by London Records. The album went on to become a critical and commercial success, and is their best-selling album to date. Hormonally Yours peaked at No. 3 on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified double platinum by the BPI, spending 55 weeks on the chart. The album spawned five singles, three of which reached the UK top 20. The album's second single, "Stay" became the group's best-selling single, topping the UK Singles Chart for eight consecutive weeks. It also peaked at number four on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Background
The title of Hormonally Yours derived from both members being pregnant while making the album. Five singles were released from the album, including "Stay", which topped the UK Singles Chart, and is to date the group's best-selling single. An early cassette pressing of the album featured an alternate cover and font previously used on the "Goodbye Cruel World" single. Some versions like the German edition of the album appears to contain a straight mix of "Are We in Love Yet" similar to the BBC Radio live session while others feature the Chris Thomas remix, though they are credited in all releases. The UK CD version of 'Hormonally Yours' contains the 7" versions of "Goodbye Cruel World", "I Don't Care", and "Hello (Turn Your Radio On)" while the LP and MC versions contain the original album versions. The US pressing of the album also differed greatly, featuring the album versions of "Goodbye Cruel World", "I Don't Care" and "Hello (Turn Your Radio On)", another remixed version of "Are We in Love Yet", and slightly different versions of "Black Sky" and "The Trouble With Andre" with "Black Sky" not segueing into "The Trouble With Andre" like other pressings as well as a shorter version of "The Trouble With Andre" and the extended version of "Let Me Entertain You", as well as featuring a different cover on the CD edition with the titles being vertical like the cassette pressings.
While recording the album, the band watched the 1950s sci-fi B-movie Cat-Women of the Moon and it inspired the lyrics of the songs "Stay", "Catwoman" and "Moonchild".
The album was released as part of a multi-disc, remastered reissue (also on vinyl) as part of the History deluxe box set in December 2020.
Critical reception
Tom Demalon from AllMusic praised the album, calling Hormonally Yours "a beautifully quirky, emotionally rich, and nearly flawless pop record", and saying that "It's a vibe that benefits from the contrast between the throaty vocals of Siobahn Fahey and the falsetto flutter of Marcella Detroit. Hormonally Yours is a wonderful, charming album marred only by a few weak lyrics." Gina Arnold of Entertainment Weekly said "Hormonally Yours plays on the idea of female biological madness, and to its credit, it does so without sounding bitchy or melodramatic. Unlike band member Siobhan Fahey's former group, Bananarama, Shakespear's Sis isn't afraid to emote." They also complimented the duo's vocals, saying that " Fahey's deep, uncannily male-sounding voice is perfectly complemented by their American-born partner, Marcella Detroit, who adds more soulful and feminine R&B-influenced backup vocals."
Singles
"Goodbye Cruel World" was released in October 1991 as the album's lead single, though it failed to reach the UK Top 40, peaking at No. 59. In July 1992, the single was re-released and charted better, peaking at No. 32. Neither of the releases were fully released outside of the UK. The second single, "Stay", was released in January 1992. It quickly became the group's best-selling single, topping the UK Singles Chart for eight consecutive weeks, and was certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry. The single reached similar success internationally, reaching the top 5 in territories including Australia, the US, and Germany. It also reached No. 1 in Ireland and Switzerland.
The third single from Hormonally Yours, "I Don't Care", reached No. 7 in the UK, and No. 10 in Ireland. Internationally, the single reached the top 20 in Australia and New Zealand, and No. 55 in the US. The fourth single, "Hello (Turn Your Radio On)", reached No. 14 in the UK, and peaked at No. 97 in Australia on the ARIA singles chart. The song was covered less than two years later by The Bates, and released as the band's debut single. Although this version gained little attention, the song was covered once again by Queensberry in 2009, and in several territories was more successful than the original. The fifth and final single, "My 16th Apology", was released during a period of hiatus, and due to a lack of promotion only peaked at No. 61 in the UK.
Track listing
UK CD version
Personnel
Adapted from album booklet.
Siobhan Fahey – vocals
Marcella Detroit– vocals, guitars, programming, harmonica
Mick Cozzi – guitars
Ed Shearmur, Jonathan Perkins – keyboards
Ian aka Jennifer Maidman – bass, piano, keyboards, guitar.
Steve Ferrera – drums, percussion, keyboards
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Hormonally Yours video compilation
A video compilation was released in 1992 of the same name as the album. It featured the five music videos released so far from the album.
Track listing
References
1992 albums
Shakespears Sister albums
Albums produced by Alan Moulder
Albums recorded at FPSHOT
"It Won't Be Like This for Long" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Darius Rucker, lead vocalist of the rock band Hootie & the Blowfish. It was released in November 2008 as the second from their first country music album Learn to Live. Rucker co-wrote the song with Chris DuBois and Ashley Gorley.
Content
The song is a mid-tempo mostly accompanied by acoustic guitar and piano. The song describes a couple who have just had a baby, and throughout it chronicles how their lives change by the child's presence. In the first verse, the child is crying at night, keeping both parents awake. The mother then tells the father that evenings will change when the child grows.
In the second verse, the daughter is four years old, and is being taken to preschool. They hang on to their father's leg because they are afraid, and the teacher tells them "it won't be like this for long". By the third verse and bridge, the father is observing the daughter and realizing that the daughter will soon be grown up, and they will not be able to observe them much longer.
According to Country Weekly magazine, Rucker met with Chris DuBois and Ashley Gorley to write the song. The three songwriters were talking about their kids and "how quickly life changes." As the songwriters were talking, they decided to write the song.
Critical reception
The song received a "thumbs down" review from the country music site Engine 145. Brady Vercher stated that "the lyric itself is too straightforward to carry much emotional resonance despite Rucker's best efforts." They also considered it derivative of Trace Adkins' early 2008 hit "You're Gonna Miss This", which was also co-written by Ashley Gorley and contains a theme of a parent observing a daughter's growing up. Allen Jacobs of Roughstock gave the song a more favorable review, saying that "Rucker's butter-smooth vocals catch a country cadence, as their balladeers a promise of improvement in a loved one - and their own life."
Music video
A music video was released for the song in February 2009. As with their previous two music videos ("Don't Think I Don't Think About It" and "Winter Wonderland"), the video for "It Won't Be Like This for Long" was directed by Wayne Isham.
Chart performance
The song debuted at number 45 on the Hot Country Songs chart dated November 1, 2008 and peaked at number 1 on the chart dated March 28, 2009 and remained there for the next two weeks.
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2008 singles
Darius Rucker songs
Music videos directed by Wayne Isham
Songs written by Darius Rucker
Songs written by Ashley Gorley
Song recordings produced by Frank Rogers (record producer)
Songs written by Chris DuBois
Capitol Records Nashville singles
2008 songs
The Marion Mayhem were a professional indoor football team based in Marion, Ohio. The team was a charter member of the Great Lakes Indoor Football League (GLIFL), later renamed the Continental Indoor Football League (CIFL), joining in 2006 as an expansion team. The Mayhem were the first professional indoor football team to be based in Marion, but were the second pro football team to be based in the area since the NFL's Oorang Indians. The team folded during the 2010 season due to financial problems. The Owners of the Mayhem were Michael Burtch and Stanley Jackson. They played their home games at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Marion, Ohio.
Franchise history
2006
The Mayhem were announced to the public on September 16, 2005, as the fourth expansion team for the newly formed Great Lakes Indoor Football League. Their inaugural owners of the Mayhem were 4th Down and Long LLC, run by R.A. Mallonn, Fred Horner, Tim Cugini, and John Slebodnik. The team hired Tracy Smith as their inaugural coach and general manager on November 2, 2005. The Mayhem suffered a losing inaugural season in 2006 (4-6), however the Mayhem were within one game of the 2006 GLIFL playoffs. The Mayhem missed the playoffs due to the Battle Creek Crunch holding the tiebreaker between the two teams.
2007
Before the season began, 4th Down and Long LLC sold the team to Michael Burtch. Joining the team would be former Ohio State University quarterback, Stanley Jackson. Jackson would later become a part owner of the franchise due to their small budget operation. Jackson went on to set league records for pass completions (177), pass attempts (348) and interceptions thrown (16). Marion finished 6-6 in 2007, good enough to make the CIFL playoffs. After knocking off the Muskegon Thunder in the first round of the CIFL playoffs, the Mayhem's season was ended by a loss to the Michigan (formally Port Huron) Pirates.
2008
Finishing with a 7-5 record in 2008, the Mayhem were eliminated from the 2008 CIFL playoffs. The Mayhem players had already turned in their equipment for the year when it was announced that the defending CIFL champion Rochester Raiders (12-0) had been suspended by the league and had to forfeit their playoff spot. The Mayhem were invited to replace the former champs in the CIFL Atlantic Conference Western Division playoffs where they would face their conference foe Saginaw. The Mayhem gathered their players back together and headed to Saginaw to face the Sting. The playoff game went down to the wire where a goal-line stand by the Saginaw defense with only seconds left on the clock ended the Mayhem's season. The final score Sting 41 - Mayhem 34.
2009
The Mayhem finished the regular season with a 9-3 record in 2009. This was good enough to earn them the 2009 CIFL East Division Regular Season Title and the opportunity to host the East Division Championship Game. This was the third season in a row the Mayhem made the playoffs. Their opponent in the East Division Championship Game was the Fort Wayne Freedom (6-5). Coming into the game the Freedom had been experiencing money problems and up until three days before the East Division Championship Game the Freedom still were not sure they were going to show up in Marion. But when game time came the Freedom, whom brought a smaller than usual roster that had not practiced regularly for a couple of weeks, played with more heart and determination then the Mayhem and won 49-40.
2010
On Christmas Eve 2009, the Mayhem announced they would not be playing in Marion in 2010, citing the economic downturn. According to the ownership of the team, "if the situation in Marion improves they may entertain the idea of returning the Mayhem to Marion". As part of the disbanding of the Mayhem organization, all players, coaches, and staff were transferred to the new CIFL team starting play in 2010, the Columbus Aces. However, in late January 2010 rumors of the potential folding of the Columbus Aces started circulating. Then a couple of weeks into February 2010 a new rumor began that the Mayhem would be returning to Marion. This was confirmed in the Marion Star when it was reported that the Marion Mayhem had been purchased by Cheyenne Sports Group and would return to Marion. On May 27, 2010 after starting the season 3-3 it was announced that the Marion Mayhem would forfeit the remaining games on their schedule due to financial issues. When the franchise folded, the players fled to other teams in the league. A majority of the players ended up with the Fort Wayne FireHawks, who would go on to lose to the Wisconsin Wolfpack in the playoffs. The Marion Mayhem were the last remaining original GLIFL team left in the CIFL.
Players of Note
Final roster
Awards and honors
The following is a list of all Marion Mayhem players who have won GLIFL or CIFL awards.
Coaches of note
Head coaches
Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the 2010 Continental Indoor Football League season.
Season-by-season results
References
2006 establishments in Ohio
2010 disestablishments in Ohio
La fille du tambour-major (The Drum Major's Daughter) is an opéra comique in three acts, with music by Jacques Offenbach and words by Alfred Duru and Henri Chivot. It was one of the composer's last works, premiered less than a year before their death. It opened at the Théâtre des Folies-Dramatiques, Paris, on 13 December 1879, and, after a successful initial run, was frequently revived in Paris and internationally, but in recent times has not been among the Offenbach operas most frequently staged.
The plot, which has elements in common with Gaetano Donizetti's 1840 comic opera La fille du régiment, depicts a young woman discovering their real identity, renouncing their aristocratic upbringing, and marrying a dashing soldier.
Background and first performance
After immense success in the 1860s, Offenbach suffered a brief period of unpopularity with the Parisian public in the early 1870s for their association with the fallen Second Empire. Their position as the pre-emininent composer of operetta was threatened by the rise of Charles Lecocq, but by the later years of the 1870s they had recovered their popularity. Madame Favart (1878) had run for more than 200 performances at the Théâtre des Folies-Dramatiques: a run of half that length was reckoned a success in the Parisian theatres of the time. The writers Alfred Duru and Henri Chivot were established authors of librettos for comic operas, having collaborated with Lecocq, Léon Vasseur, Edmond Audran and, in 1868, Offenbach (L'île de Tulipatan). To follow Madame Favart the three wrote La fille du tambour-major for the Folies-Dramatiques and its company, which starred Parisian favourites including Juliette Simon-Girard, Caroline Girard and Simon-Max. The story of the new work was regarded as a variation on Gaetano Donizetti's La fille du régiment (1840). In the earlier work the hero, who has been brought up by an army regiment, is in reality, the daughter of a marchioness; in Duru and Chivot's version, the hero's mother is a duchesse, and their father is drum major of an army demi-brigade.
The opera was first staged at the Folies-Dramatiques on 13 December 1879. It was billed as the composer's 100th work. It received a standing ovation, and was the last of their premieres that they lived to attend. The piece was very successful, running for over 240 performances, taking more than 600,000 francs at the box office, and was still playing when the composer died in October 1880.
Roles
Synopsis
The opera is set in northern Italy at the beginning of the 19th century.
Act I
The garden of a convent school in the town of Biella.
The convent is in a war zone, as the revolutionary French army and the occupying Austrians fight for possession of the territory. As the French forces advance, the Mother Superior of the convent moves their pupils to safety in a more secure building, forgetting that one pupil, Stella, has been left behind, locked up in the linen cupboard as a punishment for singing a seditious, anti-Austrian, pro-French song. The French troops arrive, led by Lieutenant Robert; among their number are the drummer, Griolet, and the drum major, Monthabor. The men are tired, hungry and thirsty. Their vivandière, Claudine, cannot help them, as their supplies of food and drink have run out. The soldiers raid the convent's stores, and in doing so they find Stella.  They are rather frightened at first, but the charm of the dashing Lieutenant Robert reassures her, and they offer to prepare a meal for them all.
The obvious mutual attraction of Robert and Stella annoys Claudine, who is much attracted to the lieutenant. She, in turn, is oblivious to the devotion of the ex-tailor Griolet, who tries in vain to engage their interest. The genial Monthabor is unimpressed with all talk of romance and marriage. They tell their comrades that in civilian life, when they were a dyer in Paris, they met a pretty washerwoman, and married them – a grave mistake as they were impossible to live with and they divorced a few years later. They vanished, taking their only child, a daughter, with them The soldiers eat the excellent meal Stella has made for them, and march on, somewhat reluctantly on Robert's part, as they are loth to leave Stella. Once the French have left, the Duc della Volta and the effete Marquis Ernesto Bambini enter. The marquis has a financial hold over the duc, who is accordingly willing to allow Bambini to marry Stella. Suddenly the garden fills with people. The Mother Superior and their girls have been unable to reach their intended sanctuary and return, surrounded by the French soldiers. The duc is scandalised when they learn that Stella has been left alone with a detachment of enemy troops, but they firmly defend their conduct towards them The duc angrily hustles them away.
Act II
The ducal palace in Novara
While Stella continues to refuse to marry Bambini, the duc and duchesse attempt to persuade them and to keep Bambini happy. The French army has continued its advance and has arrived at Novara. Robert, Monthabor and Griolet take temporary residence in the palace, as does Claudine, determined to keep an eye on Robert, under the same roof as Stella. While this is going on, the duc's guests begin arriving for a ball intended to mark Stella's wedding. The party is interrupted by
Monthabor, who comes to protest at being lodged in the attic. They come face to face with the duchesse: they are both thunderstruck.  They are their ex-wife and the mother of their daughter. The duchesse hastily orders that the Frenchmen are to be given the best rooms in the house, and they deny to Monthabor that Stella is their long-lost child. Stella finds themselves alone with Robert. The two young people are quick to admit their mutual love. Monthabor is not satisfied with the explanations of their ex-wife. They question Stella about their childhood and soon realises that they truly are their daughter. Stella changes into a new vivandiere uniform (made by Griolet and intended for Claudine) and announces to the assembled guests that they are French and the daughter of the drum-major. They have decided to follow their real father, but at this point the Austrian army, counter-attacking, invades the palace, and the act ends with a battle.
Act III
Scene 1: The Golden Lion inn, Milan
Claudine and Robert have been separated from their comrades during the skirmish, and they take refuge at an inn run by their uncle, a strongly pro-French activist, who distributes French tricolore flags to their customers. The duc and Bambini arrive in pursuit, assuming Robert has Stella with him. Stella arrives with Griolet and Monthabor: the three are convincingly disguised as, respectively, a little English coachman, a young Italian lord, and a Capuchin monk. Robert is recognised and arrested. The duc agrees to have them released on condition that Stella marries Bambini.
Scene 2: A square in Milan
The bridal procession enters. The bridal veil conceals the fact the Claudine has secretly taken Stella's place, to thwart the duc's plans. Robert, who does not know of the substitution, intervenes to prevent the sacrifice of the one they love, and the subterfuge is discovered. The duc, furious, orders everyone arrested but, as the police lead Robert and Claudine away, martial music is heard. The main French army has entered Milan. Soldiers pour into the square and the jubilant people wave French flags. The duc prudently has a complete change of loyalties. Robert is freed to go to their Stella and Claudine gives the faithful Griolet their hand and heart, and a double wedding can take place.
Source: Gänzl's Book of the Musical Theatre.
Numbers
Act I
Overture
Choeur des pensionnaires "Reçois sainte madone", Chanson du fruit défendu "Prenez les grappes empourprées" – Chorus of the boarders "Receive holy Madonna", Song of forbidden fruit "Pick the red clusters" – Stella
Choeur et couplets "Par une chaleur si forte" – Chorus and couplets "With so much heat" – Robert, Griolet, Monthabor, chorus
Couplets de l'âne "Ce n'est pas un âne ordinaire" – Couplets of the donkey "This is not an ordinary donkey" – Claudine, all
Ensemble "De grâce, ayez pitié de moi" – Ensemble "Please, have mercy on me" – Stella, Robert, soldiers
Couplets du tailleur "Tout en tirant mon aiguille" – Tailor's couplets "While pulling my needle" – Griolet
Choeur "Puisque le couvert est mis", Couplets "Depuis longtemps l'Italie… Petit Français, brave Français – Chorus "Because the table is set", Couplets "For a long time Italy ... Little Frenchman, brave Frenchman – Stella
Légende "Il était une grand princess" – Legend "There was a great princess" – Claudine, Griolet
Final I: Ensemble "Messieurs, les militaires", Couplets "Pour recevoir un régiment" Final "Allons, dépêchons et partons" – Finale I: Ensemble "Gentlemen, the military", Couplets "To receive a regiment" , Finale "Come, hurry and leave" – Stella, all
Act II
Entr'acte
Couplets "Examinez ma figure" – Couplets "Examine my face" – the Duchess
Rondeau " Ah ! vraiment je le déclare" – Rondeau "Ah! I really declare it " – Stella
Quatuor du billet de logement "C'est un billet de logement" – Quartet of the billetting notice "It is a billet of lodging" – Robert, the Duke, Monthabor, Griolet
Couplets " Eh bien ! en voilà des manières" – Couplets "Well! There are ways " – Claudine
Ensemble et valse "Dansons et valsons" – Ensemble and waltz "Dansons et valsons" – Chorus, the Duke, Monthabor, the Duchess
Duo "Tenez, j'aurai de la franchise" – Duet "Here, I'll have frankness" – Stella, Robert
Couplets de l'uniforme "le voilà, ce bel uniforme" – Couplets of the uniform "Here it is, this beautiful uniform" – Griolet
Final II: Choeur "Par devant monsieur le notaire" , Chanson de la fille du Tambour Major "Que m'importe un titre éclatant" Final – Finale II: Chorus "In front of Monsieur le Notaire", Song of the Drum Major's daughter "What do I care for a brilliant title" Finale – Stella
Act III
Entr'acte
Choeur et scène "Chut, il faut de la prudence" (Claudine, Robert Clampin), Tarentelle "Nous étions à Novare" – Chorus and scene "Hush, we must be cautious" (Claudine, Robert Clampin), Tarantella "We were in Novara" – Robert, Claudine, choir
Gigue "Je suis le p'tit cocher" – Gigue "I'm the little coachman" – Stella, all
Quatuor "Oui, ce sont vos amis" (Stella, Griolet, Robert, – Quartet "Yes, they are your friends" – Stella, Griolet, Robert, Monthabor
Duo de la confession "L'autre jour, contre toute attente" – Duet of confession "The other day, against all odds" – Monthabor, the Duchess
Final III: Choeur nuptial "Un mariag' s'apprête", ensemble, "Ecoutez, c'est le chant du départ" et final " La fille du tambour-major" – Finale III: Bridal Chorus "A Husband Is Getting Ready", Together, "Listen, It's the Song of Departure" and Finale "The Drum Major's Daughter" – all
Source: Vocal score.
Critical reception
The opera was generally well received. The critic Félix Clément was tepid, writing of unoriginal music and short-breathed phrases, but they found numbers to praise, specifically Stella's song of the forbidden fruit, Claudine's song of the donkey, Griolet's sewing song and several of the dance numbers. Edouard Noël and Edmond Stoullig, in Les annales du théâtre et de la musique, praised the work highly, and said it deserved a long run. Among modern critics, Richard Traubner writes of "so exciting, so thrilling a score, set to an amusing libretto". The authors of The Penguin Guide to Recorded Classical Music write that the piece "fizzes with good tunes", has one of the composer's best waltz-tunes, a dashing tarantella, and an abundance of good character numbers.
Revivals
In Paris there were revivals at the Folies-Dramatiques (1884), the Théâtre de la Gaîté (1889, 1891 and 1913), the Théâtre du Château d'Eau (1901), the Gaîté-Lyrique (1920 and 1945. The first Gaîté production surpassed the box-office success of the 1879 run, earning nearly a million francs.
In April 1880 productions opened at the Theater an der Vienna in Vienna and the Alhambra Theatre, London. The latter, in an English version by H.B.Farnie, starred Constance Loseby and Fred Leslie, with the role of Griolet played en travesti by Fannie Leslie. The production ran there until January 1881, when it transferred to the Connaught Theatre, with a different cast. The work was given in French at the Shaftesbury Theatre, London, in 1908.
A New York production, sung in French by Maurice Grau's company, opened at the Standard Theatre in September 1880. Farnie's English version, starring Selina Dolaro, opened at the 14th Street Theatre the following month. Dolaro later toured the US in the piece. Under the title The Drum Major another English version played at the Casino Theatre in 1889, starring Pauline Hall. An Australian production opened in June 1881, and In Berlin the opera was given at the Walhalla Theater in September 1883.
In more recent times, the work has been presented by the Odéon, Marseille (May 2018), but has not been among Offenbach's more frequently revived operas.
Recordings
Recordings on operadis-opera-discography.org.uk
See also
Libretto in WikiSource
External links
Information about the opera and a recording of it
Notes, references and sources
Notes
References
Sources
Operas by Jacques Offenbach
French-language operas
Operas
Opéras comiques
1879 operas
Abraham Schenck was an American politician from New York.
Life
They lived in Fishkill, New York.
They were a member of the New York State Senate from 1796 to 1799.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough (pages 116f and 145; Weed, Parsons and Co., 1858)
New York (state) state senators
People from Fishkill, New York
New York (state) Democratic-Republicans
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Musasofular is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
Michael Kessler (born October 23, 1954) is an American artist.
Art
Kessler makes nature-based paintings that merge geometric elements with biomorphism. They began their art career as a landscape painter. While still an undergraduate at Kutztown University Kessler received a fellowship from the Whitney Museum of American Art to study and produce art in New York City at the Whitney Independent Study Program. During this period (1977–78) they met many important artists working in New York City including Richard Tuttle and Dorothea Rockburne. Influenced by the paintings of Brice Marden and Elizabeth Murray as well as the music of Philip Glass and Steve Reich they began experimenting with their own work. Their paintings soon became fully non-objective. Kessler's works are characterized by large fields of diaphanous color that are activated by organic linear structures that have been visually and physically woven into a grid structure which consists of thick slabs of paint. These organic linear structures are overlapped and punctuated by dendritic growth patterns that suggest the bending of time and space. All of these visual elements as well as the color combinations have been carefully extracted from nature over time through prolonged observation and then reconstructed and orchestrated to transmit the dynamics of the Natural World. In this way Kessler synthesizes disparate elements into a new kind of harmony.
In 1991 after returning from a year in Italy (via. the Rome Prize) Kessler became very involved with large-scale, site-specific installations. Gallery owner Chris Schmidt (Schmidt/Dean Gallery, Philadelphia) worked with Kessler to initiate this project by obtaining a commission from Arlen Specter for Kessler's first site-specific work which was installed in Senator Specter's office at the Hart Senate Office Building in Washington, D.C. In Chicago Kessler continued this pursuit with Gallery owner Paul Klein who also got involved with the placement of site-specific works in their gallery Klein Art Works.
Education
Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Kutztown University.
Kessler attended the Independent Study Program at the Whitney Museum of American Art
Awards
Winner of the Rome Prize, 1991
Winner of the Pollock-Krasner Award, 1992, This is a grant for painting set up and administered by the Pollock/ Krasner Foundation.
Winner of the "Awards in the Visual Arts-5" grant in painting, 1985
Winner of the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts grant in painting, 1983
Public collections
Their paintings are held in 25 museum collections including:
The Brooklyn Museum
The Albright-Knox Art Gallery
The Museum of Fine Arts in Boston
The Broad Art Foundation in Los Angeles
The New Museum in New York City
Gallery exhibitions
Since 1983 their paintings have been shown in over two hundred exhibitions throughout the United States and Europe.
Five solo shows at the Jack Tilton Gallery in New York City.
Solo Exhibition at Ann Korologos Gallery in Basalt, Colorado (Gallery is owned by former Secretary of Labor, Ann Korologos).
Gallery Bienvenu, New Orleans, Louisiana
Madison Gallery, La Jolla, California
Paia Contemporary Gallery, Maui, Hawaii
Schmidt Dean Gallery, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Lanoue Fine Art, Boston, Massachusetts
Sense Fine Art, Menlo Park, California
Allentown Art Museum, Allentown, Pennsylvania
Castellani Art Museum, Niagara Falls, New York
Critical reviews
Kessler's paintings have been featured in numerous art publications
Art in America
Artforum
ARTnews
Art Ltd.
References
Inner Nature by Nancy Doll
New Work, New York, Outside New York at the New Museum
Geoform interview by Julie Karabenick
Art News review by Richard Speer
External links
Official Kessler website
Kessler on Artnet
Kessler Blog
Michael Kessler at Gallery MAR
Rome Prize article in the Reading Eagle
"Cool Violence in Layers of Glowing Technicolor", the Morning Call
"Year in Italy Catapults Kessler's Work", Chicago Tribune
"Nature in the Abstract", Newsday, Long Island, N.Y.
"David Ebony's New York Top Ten", Artnet Magazine
1954 births
Living people
American artists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kutztown University of Pennsylvania alumni
Glenmore is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
The Australian federal election debates of 2016 consisted of a series of leaders' debates between the leaders of the two main parties contesting the 2016 Australian federal election: Malcolm Turnbull, Prime Minister and leader of the Liberal Party; and Bill Shorten, Leader of the Opposition and Labor Party. Other debates, between portfolio spokespeople for example, were also held.
Background
On 8 May Turnbull attended Government House to advise Peter Cosgrove, the Governor-General, to issue the writs for a double dissolution.
At their press conference, Turnbull said "we haven't discussed debates but I look forward to having a number of them". The following day Shorten said "I'll debate Malcolm Turnbull anywhere, anytime".
Richard Di Natale, leader of the Greens, has called to be included in the leaders' debate.
Leaders' debates
13 May – Sky News Daily Telegraph People's Forum
Sky News had planned a debate in Brisbane for Thursday 12 May. Shorten agreed but Turnbull did not and so the debate did not occur. Shorten had tried to hold a debate in Townsville.
The Sky News Daily Telegraph People's Forum, the first leaders' debate, took place at 7:00pm AEST on Friday, 13 May in the RSL club in Windsor, New South Wales. It was organised by Sky News and The Daily Telegraph and broadcast on Sky News. David Speers moderated the debate.
The audience was made up of 100 undecided voters selected by polling company Galaxy Research. The leaders open the programme with a statement, and close with a speech, with the unscripted questions asked in between. Shorten won the audience vote by 42 votes to 29, with 29 undecided.
The Sydney Morning Herald, The Courier-Mail and The Australian Financial Review have criticized the debate being held on a Friday night, which generally has low television viewership. It drew an average of 54,200 viewers, making it the thirteenth most watched pay television program of the night. Sixty people protested against the proposed Western Sydney Airport outside the venue.
29 May – ABC News 24 leader's debate
The first official leader's debate between Shorten and Turnbull took place on the 29 May at the National Press Club in Canberra. The debate, organised by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, was moderated by ABC political journalist Chris Uhlmann and the panel consisted of three journalists from Fairfax, News Corp, and Seven West Media.
8 June – Sky News Daily Telegraph People's Forum
The second Sky News Daily Telegraph People's Forum took place on Wednesday, 9 June in the Brisbane Broncos sports club in Red Hill, Queensland. It was organised by Sky News and The Daily Telegraph and broadcast on Sky News. David Speers moderated the debate.
The audience was made up of 100 undecided voters. Shorten attended but Turnbull declined and instead appeared on 7.30.
17 June
A third federal election debate took place on Friday, 17 June 2016. The debate was hosted jointly by News.com.au and Facebook, and was the first to be predominately broadcast using Facebook's video livestream feature.
Other debates
18 May – National Press Club Environment Debate
On 18 May, Greg Hunt, Minister for the Environment debated Mark Butler, Shadow Minister for the Environment at the National Press Club. It was broadcast on ABC News 24.
25 May – ABC Regional Leaders Debate
On 13 May, Joel Fitzgibbon, Shadow Minister for Rural Affairs and member of the Labor Party, called to debate Barnaby Joyce, Deputy Prime Minister, Minister for Agriculture and Water Resources and leader of the National Party. Fitzgibbon, Joyce and Di Natale debated in the ABC Regional Leaders Debate which took place from 7:30pm AEST on Wednesday, 25 May at Goulburn High School in Goulburn, New South Wales. It was broadcast on ABC News 24 and ABC NewsRadio and moderated by Chris Uhlmann.
16 June – National Press Club Defence Policy Debate
On 16 June, Marise Payne, Minister for Defence and Stephen Conroy, Shadow Minister, debated Defence policy at the National Press Club. It was broadcast on ABC News 24 and was moderated by Sabra Lane.
References
External links
Sky News Daily Telegraph People's Forum on Sky News
National Press Club Environment Debate on ABC iview
ABC Regional Leaders Debate on ABC iview
ABC Regional Leaders Debate on YouTube
Debates and forums
Australian federal election debates and forums, 2016
Federal election debates and forums
Federal election debates and forums
Election campaigns in Australia
The 6th South Carolina Cavalry Regiment (also called Dixie Rangers, Aiken's Partisan Rangers and 1st Partisan Rangers) was a regiment of cavalry in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. They were from the state of South Carolina and served at various times in both the Eastern and Western theaters.
Organization and history
This unit was originally called the 16th Battalion South Carolina Partisan Rangers - Aiken's Regiment, the 1st Reg. South Carolina Partisan Rangers, and Aiken's 1st Regiment South Carolina Partisan Rangers. It was a part of the state militia troops. The men were formally mustered into Confederate service as the 16th Battalion, South Carolina Cavalry on July 23, 1862. The 6th South Carolina Cavalry was then organized in January 1863, using the 16th Battalion as its nucleus.
Some of the men were from Columbia, including several students from The Citadel Academy. The 6th Cavalry saw action at Willstown and Pon Pon River in South Carolina, and then moved to Virginia with about 1,000 men and was assigned to the Cavalry Corps of the Army of Northern Virginia. Assigned to General Matthew C. Butler's brigade, the regiment participated in the Wilderness and Cold Harbor operations and in various conflicts south of the James River. Later, it was engaged in the Carolinas Campaign assigned to Logan's Brigade.
The depleted regiment surrendered with the Army of Tennessee at Bennett Place in North Carolina.
Notable battles
Battle of the Wilderness VA (May 5–6, 1864)
Battle of Spotsylvania Court House VA (May 8–21, 1864)
Battle of North Anna VA (May 23–26, 1864)
Cold Harbor VA (June 1–3, 1864)
Siege of Petersburg, Virginia (June 1864 - April 1865)
Battle of Vaughan Road (October 1, 1864)
Carolinas Campaign SC (February - April 1865)
Darlington, South Carolina (February 27, 1865)
Solomon's Grove (March 9, 1865)
Battle of Monroe's Crossroads (March 10, 1865)
Original commissioned officers
Colonel Hugh K. Aiken
Lieutenant Colonel Lovick P. Miller
Major T.B. Ferguson
Captain Lewis Jones
Captain James J. Gregg
First Lieutenant Z. W. Carwile
First Lieutenant John M. Ward
First Lieutenant Alexander McQueen, from Chesterfield County
Second Lieutenant John Bauskett
Second Lieutenant J. J. Bunch
Second Lieutenant Henry McIver
Second Lieutenant Samuel W. Evans
Noncommissioned officers
George W. Spencer, 1Sgt from Chesterfield County. Departed Greensboro, North Carolina, after April 9, 1865 - Promoted 1st Lt. June 25, 1863
John B. Strother, 2Sgt from Chesterfield County. Discharged, over conscript age, June 11, 1862
Hugh Jr. Craig, 3Sgt from Chesterfield County. Departed Greensboro, NC after April 9, 1865 - Promoted 2Lt, June 25, 1863
John H. McIver, 4Sgt from Chesterfield County. Transferred to staff as Quartermaster, May 1, 1862
John E. Sellers, 5Sgt from Chesterfield County. Promoted to 1Sgt, June 25, 1863. Killed in action at Haw's Shop, Virginia
Thomas W. Bouchler, 1Cpl from Chesterfield County. Transferred to Colt's Battalion as SgtMaj in 1864
Zacharhiah Jr Ellerbe, Cpl from Chesterfield County. Discharged, over conscript age, June 14, 1862
Samuel H. Roberson, 3Cpl from Chesterfield County. Transferred to Aiken's Partisan Rangers, December 15, 1862
Nevin S. Smith, 4Cpl from Chesterfield County. Departed Greensboro, North Carolina, after April 9, 1865
William B. Sellers, Corporal, Chesterfield County. Enlisted June 1, 1863; captured on December 10, 1864, at Armstrong Mills, Virginia, and sent as a prisoner of war to Point Lookout, Maryland; released on June 19, 1865. Walked home to South Carolina
See also
List of South Carolina Confederate Civil War units
References
Baker, Gary R. Cadets in Gray. Palmetto Bookworks, 1989. .
Crute, Joseph H., Jr. Units of the Confederate States Army. Midlothian, Virginia: Derwent Books, 1987. See p. 254 (1 photocopied page) for a concise summary of the regiment's service.
Confederate Military History, Extended Edition. Vol. 6: South Carolina. Wilmington, NC: Broadfoot, 1987. Contains numerous, scattered references to South Carolina units. A history of the war discussing South Carolina troops and their participation.
Sifakis, Stewart. Compendium of the Confederate Armies: South Carolina.... New York: Facts on File, 1995. (Unit organizational history).
Further reading
The following manuscript may be found in the U.S. Army Military History Institute's archives:
Sheppard, James O. - CWMiscColl (SGM's letters, March 11, 1863 - May 7, 1864)
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from South Carolina
1862 establishments in South Carolina
Military units and formations established in 1862
On December 5, 2019, a police pursuit of jewelry store robbers in Miramar, Florida, United States, culminated in a shootout, killing the perpetrators, the kidnapped driver of a UPS van (which they had carjacked), and a bystander. The crime scene was described as "very complicated" by the FBI special agent in charge. The president of Miami-Dade's police union claimed that at least eleven officers opened fire on the UPS truck in response to the robbers' firing first.
Robbery
At approximately 4:14 p.m., Lamar Alexander and Ronnie Jerome Hill robbed the jewelry store, Regent Jeweler at Miracle Mile in Coral Gables, Florida. They held the store's cashier at gunpoint and stole diamonds. The two suspects exchanged gunfire with the store owner during the robbery, injuring one jewelry shop worker and hitting nearby Coral Gables City Hall with a stray bullet, causing that building to be placed on lock down.
Police were alerted when the store's silent alarm system went off. Ninety seconds later, when officers arrived, the gunmen opened fire on the officers, who then returned fire on the gunmen. The gunmen left in a U-Haul van, which they later ditched in a suburban neighborhood one mile away. The suspects then carjacked a UPS delivery truck at gunpoint and took the driver hostage. The two continued their escape in the UPS truck, heading on Interstate 75 into Broward County.
Shootout
Several police cars pursued the suspects until the UPS truck became boxed in by slow-moving rush hour traffic in Miramar, about north of the jewelry store. Police then took cover behind the cars containing bystanders and later claimed the suspects opened fire first however, the lawyer representing the two innocent victims of the shooting cites witness testimony that the police shot first. A total of nineteen officers fired at the suspects, including thirteen members of the Miami-Dade Police Department. The other six officers were from the Miramar Police Department and the Pembroke Pines Police Department. The pursuit and shootout were broadcast live on television by news helicopters.
Victims
Four people were killed in the shootout. Both robbery suspects, Lamar Alexander, and Ronnie Jerome Hill, both 41, were killed by police. The hijacked UPS driver, Frank Ordonez, 27, and bystander Richard Cutshaw, 70, were also both killed in the shootout; the Florida Department of Law Enforcement has not released the result of ballistics investigations that would indicate whether Ordonez and Cutshaw were shot by police or robbers. A female store employee was shot and wounded in the initial robbery.
Response
The sister of Ordonez, who had been taken hostage, expressed their anger that the police responded quickly with gunfire, and did not attempt to negotiate the hostage situation, which they believed caused their brother's death.
At a vigil the following year, Ordonez's brother said "The police murdered my brother on live TV and we all had to watch in horror." Lawsuits were later filed on behalf of Ordonez and Cutshaw, alleging that the police agencies involved had behaved negligently. The litigation stalled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Florida Department of Law Enforcement finished their investigation on Sept 17, 2021, and turned it over to the Broward state attorney's office.
See also
1986 FBI Miami shootout
North Hollywood shootout
References
2019 crimes in the United States
2019 in Florida
2010s crimes in Florida
Coral Gables, Florida
Deaths by firearm in Florida
December 2019 crimes in the United States
Filmed killings by law enforcement
Killings by law enforcement officers in the United States
Law enforcement operations in the United States
Miramar, Florida
Robberies in the United States
United Parcel Service
Law enforcement in Florida
Göllheim is a Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the Donnersbergkreis, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The seat of the Verbandsgemeinde is in Göllheim.
The Verbandsgemeinde Göllheim consists of the following Ortsgemeinden ("local municipalities"):
Albisheim
Biedesheim
Bubenheim
Dreisen
Einselthum
Göllheim
Immesheim
Lautersheim
Ottersheim
Rüssingen
Standenbühl
Weitersweiler
Zellertal
Verbandsgemeinde in Rhineland-Palatinate
North Palatinate
Dendraster excentricus, also known as the eccentric sand dollar, sea-cake, biscuit-urchin, western sand dollar, or Pacific sand dollar, is a species of sand dollar in the family Dendrasteridae. It is a flattened, burrowing sea urchin found in the north-eastern Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Baja California.
General information
Dendraster excentricus is an irregular echinoid that is flattened and burrows into the sand, unlike the regular echinoids, or sea urchins. It can be found living in the Pacific Ocean from Alaska to Baja California. The range for Dendraster excentricus is larger and includes the range of the other two extant species of Dendraster: D. vizcainoensis and D. terminalis. The flower pattern in this species is off-center, giving it the species name excentricus. Its test (skeleton) is compared to that of a sea urchin below.
Description
They are colored gray, brown, black or shades of purple. Their size is variable, averaging 76 mm with the world's largest found measuring 120 mm wide. They have a dome shaped carapace varying in height to about 10 mm with a circular body or test. Their body is covered with fine, spiny tube-like feet with cilia, and like other echinoderms they have five-fold radial symmetry. The mouth, anus, and food grooves are on the lower (oral) surface and the aboral surface has a petalidium, or petal shaped structure, with tube feet. Dead individuals have a gray/white test, or skeleton, which is often found washed up on beaches. It has a water-vascular system from the internal cavity or coelom that connect with tube feet. The tube feet are arranged in five paired rows and are found on the ambulacra—the five radial areas on the undersurface of the animal, and are used for locomotion, feeding, and respiration. Spines are generally club shaped in adults, and less so in juveniles. The five ambulacral rows alternate with five interambulacral areas, where calcareous plates extend into the test. At the center on the aboral side is the madreporite—a perforated platelike structure, and on the interambulacra are the four tiny genital pores. Radiating out from the genital pores are the five flower petals, which represents the ambulacral radii. The mouth is in the center on the bottom side, with the anus toward the edge.
Habitat
They are either found subtidally in bays or open coastal areas or in the low intertidal zone on sandy on the Northeast Pacific coast. It can live at a depth of 40 to 90 meters, but usually is found in more shallow areas. Sand dollars are usually crowded together over an area half buried in the sand. As many as 625 sand dollars can live in one square yard (0.85 sq m). It is the only sand dollar found in Oregon and Washington. It has been found on Burfoot Beach in the South Puget sound.
Behavior and feeding
Like its cousins, dendraster is a suspension feeder which feeds on crustacean larvae, small copepods, diatoms, plankton, and detritus. Adult sand dollars move mainly by waving their spines, while juveniles use their tube feet. The tube feet along the petalidium are larger and are used for respiration while tube feet elsewhere on the body are smaller and are used for feeding and locomotion. They frequently move around if they are lying flat. When feeding they usually lay at an angle with their anterior end buried and catch small prey and algae with its pedicellariae, tube feet, and spines and pass them to the mouth. Their mouth includes a small Aristotle's lantern structure found in most Echinoids. In high currents adults grow heavier skeletons while juveniles swallow heavy sand grains to keep from being swept away. They will bury themselves when they are being preyed on.
Hydrofoil design
This particular species of sand dollar is known for its curious behavior:
When exposed to a steady flow of water, they gather in groups, forming aligned rows in the sand, while digging their front edge in and raising their back edge into the flow of water, lined up so it passes from right to left across their bodies. Because the shape of a sand dollar is a hydrofoil, this draws particles of food closer in to their mouths during feeding, a benefit enhanced by the alignment of many individuals together into a communal feeding group.
Reproduction
Sexes are separate, with no noticeable differences in external features of the two sexes. Reproduction is sexual and D. excentricus reaches sexual maturity between 1 and 4 years of age, spawning in late spring and early summer. Fertilization is external, the female Dendraster discharges the eggs through their gonopores and they are fertilized by the male, who protrudes their genital papilla from their body wall. This is one reason they are believed to live in large groups and tend to release gametes at the same time into the water column. Eggs are pale orange, and are covered by a thick jelly coat which keeps adults from eating the eggs.
Development
The first larval stage is called a prism. After this stage the embryo will develop two arms transforming itself into an echinopluteus larva. This is followed by the development of arms, until it reaches 8 arms all together. After this the larva develops an echinus or juvenile rudiment, which will become the juvenile. The nektonic larvae are pelagic and travel away from the parent group with the current. The developed larvae will receive a chemical cue from adults to settle down into a bed of sand dollars and begin to undergo metamorphosis to their adult sand dollar form. As adults they are benthos and stay on the sandy bottom.
Lifespan and predation
Predators include the seastar Pisaster brevispinus and the starry flounder Platichthys stellatus as well as crabs and seagulls. They are sometimes settled on by a small barnacle, Paraconcavus pacificus. Large storms or high temperatures and desiccation can cause mass mortality if low tide coincides with a hot midday and the animals are exposed to air for just 2 to 3 hours or washed up and buried in the sand. Old age is thought to be the main cause of death of Dendraster excentricus. They may live up to 13 years and can be aged by counting growth rings on the plates of the test or by counting the pores in a petal of the petalidium.
Conservation
The habitat they live in on the sandy seafloor is sometimes damaged by bottom trawling, causing harm to many organisms.
Ocean acidification and sea surface warming also harm populations of sand dollars.
References
Dendraster excentricus Intertidal Marine Invertebrates of the South Puget Sound
Dendraster excentricus Walla Walla
Biogeography of the Western Sand dollar San Francisco State University
Sand dollar, Monterey Bay Aquarium
The persistence of a sand dollar, OnEarth.org
Strathrnann M. 1987. Reproduction and Development of Marine Invertebrates of the Northern Pacific Coast. University of Washington Press, Seattle, Washington. 670 pp.
Marin Jarrin, Jose R. "Embriogenesis and Larval Stages of Dendraster excentricus". 2007. University of Oregon, Eugene, Oregon.
Smith, Andrew. 1984. Echinoid Palaeobiology. London: George Allen & Unwin.
Further reading
Rich Mooi. "Sand Dollars of the Genus Dendraster (Echinoidea:Clypeasteroida): Phylogenetic Systematics, Heterochrony, and Distribution of Extant Species". Bulletin of Marine Science, 61(2): 343–375, 1997.
Friedrich von Hellwald - The standard natural history, Volume 1, The Standard Natural History, Elliott Coues, Editors John Sterling Kingsley, Elliott Coues. Publisher S.E. Cassino and company, 1884, Pages 171–172.
Dendrasteridae
Guido Aristarco (7 October 1918 – 11 September 1996) was an Italian film critic and author.
Biography
Born in Fossacesia, Chieti, at very young age Aristarco debuted as a film critic for the newspapers La Gazzetta di Mantova and Il Corriere Padano and then for the magazine Cinema.
A dean of the Marxist film criticism, influenced by the thought of Antonio Gramsci and György Lukács, for whom they wrote the preface of The Destruction of Reason, in 1952 they founded and edited (until their death) the film magazine Cinema Nuovo. They were also the first university professor of cinema in Italy, first in Turin and later in Rome.
Aristarco was a jury member of the Venice Film Festival three times, in 1948, 1963, and 1985.
References
External links
1918 births
1996 deaths
Italian essayists
Italian male non-fiction writers
Italian film critics
20th-century Italian people
People from Fossacesia
Male essayists
Italian magazine founders
Italian magazine editors
20th-century essayists
Tullio phenomenon, sound-induced vertigo, dizziness, nausea or eye movement (nystagmus) was first described in 1929 by the Italian biologist Prof. Pietro Tullio. (1881–1941) During their experiments on pigeons, Tullio discovered that by drilling tiny holes in the semicircular canals of their subjects, they could subsequently cause them balance problems when exposed to sound.
The cause is usually a fistula in the middle or inner ear, allowing abnormal sound-synchronized pressure changes in the balance organs. Such an opening may be caused by a barotrauma (e.g. incurred when diving or flying), or may be a side effect of fenestration surgery, syphilis or Lyme disease.
Patients with this disorder may also experience vertigo, imbalance and eye movement set off by changes in pressure, e.g. when nose-blowing, swallowing or when lifting heavy objects.
Tullio phenomenon is also one of the common symptoms of superior canal dehiscence syndrome (SCDS), first diagnosed in 1998 by Dr. Lloyd B. Minor, The Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, United States.
References
External links
"Doctor, I can hear my eyes" - W Albuquerque, A M Bronstein
Symptoms
Hearing
Auditory system
Neurology
Otology
The balk, back, bauk (Lowland Scots), leum-iochd or bailc/bac (Scottish Gaelic) was a strip of a corn field left fallow. The fear of being left with the last sheaf of the harvest called the cailleach (kulyach etc.) or gobhar bhacach (the goat of the balk) always led to an exciting competition among the reapers in the last field. The reaper who came on a leum-iochd would of course be glad to have so much less to cut.
An old saying was "better a balk in autumn, than a sheaf the more." Rev. Michie of Dinnet heard the above saying in a different sense in the Highlands of Aberdeenshire, viz. that in lands allotted on the run-rig system, the crofter who got a balk attached to their rig was considered luckier than their neighbour with a somewhat larger rig, because, but without the balk, the grass of which was of more than compensating value, especially for fodder etc.
In Heart of Midlothian (1818) by Walter Scott, they gloss it as "an unploughed ridge of land interposed among the corn"
Gregor's Folk-lore of North East Scotland (1881) says:
"Even in the cultivated parts of larger size there was no regularity. They were twisted, bent like a bow, zig-zag, of all shapes, and cut up by 'baaks', into which were gathered stones and such weeds as were taken from the portion under crop."
Bauks were also used as boundaries between neighbours' land. George Robertson's General view of Agriculture in Perth (1799) says:
"Large slices of land are left unploughed, as boundaries between the alternate ridges of neighbours, in the same plough-gate; which are a perpetual nursery of weeds, besides the loss of so much land lying waste. These earthern boundaries ... are wearing fast out, in this country."
This indicates that they were well in decline in parts of Lowland Scotland in the late 18th century. However, the word is recorded in the 1920s north east Scotland, as referring to a path between fields, obviously a residual use with a slightly different meaning.
See also
Lazy bed
run rig
References
(leum-iochd)
Scottish folklore
History of agriculture in Scotland
Aberdeenshire
Wheat
Scots language
The 2019–20 Biathlon World Cup – Sprint Women started on 1 December 2019 in Östersund and will be finished on 13 March 2020 in Kontiolahti. The defending champion Anastasiya Kuzmina retired after the 2018-19 season.
Competition format
The sprint race is the third oldest biathlon event; the distance is skied over three laps. The biathlete shoots two times at any shooting lane, first prone, then standing, totalling 10 targets. For each missed target the biathlete has to complete a penalty lap of around . Competitors' starts are staggered, normally by 30 seconds.
2018–19 Top 3 standings
Medal winners
Standings
References
Sprint Women
Blue Monkey is a 1987 Canadian horror film directed by William Fruet and starring Steve Railsback, Gwynyth Walsh, Don Lake, Sandy Webster, and Helen Slayton-Hughes. The film centers on a group of doctors trapped in a quarantined hospital as a giant insect-like creature begins to spread a deadly infection. The film was released on VHS by March 31, 1988. It received mostly negative reviews upon its release. It was released in some foreign markets as "Insect"
Plot
Marwellia Harbison is an eccentric old woman who owns a greenhouse. Handyman Fred Adams stops by to do some work on the light fixtures and comments on how one of their plants is drooping. It is an odd-looking plant with yellow flowers. According to Marwella, it came from a newly formed volcanic island off the coast of Micronesia. Its current state happened overnight, and Marwella is at a loss to explain what could have caused it.
Fred inexplicably hurts themselves on the plant as though they pricked their finger on a thorn. However, Marwella claims the plant has no thorns, and neither they nor Fred can figure out what could have pricked him. Nevertheless, they seem okay, and after bidding Marwella goodbye, they walk out to their truck, after which they immediately starts feeling strange and collapses. Marwella calls the paramedics. Fred is taken by ambulance to the Hill Valley Hospital with a very high fever. On call are Doctors Rachel Carson and Judith Glass, who are astonished to see that the man has already developed gangrene where they pricked their finger. Their attention is taken away from Fred when police detective Jim Bishop brings their partner in with a bad gunshot wound. The two had been involved in a stakeout that went poorly, and Jim's partner got shot at point-blank range. However, Rachel is confident that they should be okay with surgery.
In the adjacent bed, Fred begins convulsing and winds up vomiting an insect pupa out of their mouth, after which they seem to stabilize. The pupa is hurriedly contained in a bell jar in the hospital's in-house laboratory. Rachel is concerned that whatever Fred had might be contagious and orders mandatory checkups of everyone, including Jim. When Jim comes back clean of any mysterious parasitic insects, Rachel decides to show them around the hospital, including their high-tech research facility, where they are testing out new and powerful surgical lasers. Attempts to x-ray the pupa prove futile, so it is decided to slice it open. In doing so, the doctors unleash a particularly feisty insect-like creature, but with Jim's help, they get it contained.
Meanwhile, Fred is faring worse. In addition to having parasites from the insect, they have come down with a mysterious disease the creature was carrying. They go into cardiac arrest, and when Judith Glass attempts to revive them with shock paddles, their chest violently explodes. Meanwhile, Marwella and the paramedic who brought Fred in come down with the same symptoms.
Hospital director Roger Levering is resistant to quarantining the facility for fear of causing a panic, but Rachel is at least able to get them to bring in entomologist Elliot Jacobs in the hopes of identifying the mysterious insect. Before Elliot arrives, a group of children from the hospital's pediatric ward start roaming the halls. Lab technician Alice Bradley, tasked with guarding the insect specimen, is lured away from their post by their boyfriend, laser lab technician Ted Andrews, to have sex, which leaves the insect completely unguarded. The children wander on into the lab unnoticed. Seeing the insect, they decide to feed it some bluish powdery substance one of them finds in a bottle on a shelf. They argue over who gets to pour it into the jar with the insect, and as a result, they pour in an excessively large amount of the powder. Hearing the nurse and orderly returning, the children quickly leave. Unbeknownst to the two, the insect has grown to gigantic proportions and broken free of its glass prison. It promptly kills them both.
Elliot Jacobs arrives, and he, Rachel, and Jim survey the carnage. Elliot is horrified when they discover that the bluish powder the children fed the insect was a growth hormone. Now the insect is giant, and it could be anywhere. It turns out the insect is in the utility tunnels underneath the hospital, where the creature kills a hapless janitor and then begins building a nest for its brood. Rachel, Jim, and Elliot figure out how to stop the insect while Judith deals with the consequences of the disease the creature has spread throughout the building before the military, summoned by New York's Lincoln Institute (a facility for disease prevention), take drastic measures and destroy the facility.
Cast
Steve Railsback - Detective Jim Bishop: A police officer who brings their partner to the hospital with a gunshot wound but quickly finds themselves helping Dr. Carson hunt down the creature.
Gwynyth Walsh - Dr. Rachel Carson: An emergency room doctor who finds themselves hunting down the film's creature along with Detective Bishop.
Susan Anspach - Dr. Judith Glass: The other doctor on call at the time of the outbreak, Dr. Glass rushes to stop the spreading infection started by the creature.
Don Lake - Dr. Elliot Jacobs: An entomologist summoned to the hospital in order to analyze the insect-like creature before its growth.
Sandy Webster - Fred Adams: An aging handyman who becomes "patient zero" for both the infection and the creature of the film.
Helen Hughes - Marwella Harbison: An elderly woman who unwittingly starts the infection after ordering a new species of plant for their greenhouse.
John Vernon - Roger Levering: Greedy, corporate Hospital Director.
Production
It was part of a three picture deal between Sandy Howard and RCA-Columbia. The other films were Dark Tower and Nightstick. The movie received a 30% tax benefit because it was shot in Canada (in Toronto) with Canadian talent. The original title was Green Monkey but it was changed because of a theory at the time that AIDS was started by infected African green monkeys. The story was an idea of Sandy Howard's and was inspired by the success of Aliens (1986).
Release
Home media
Blue Monkey was released on VHS by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment on March 31, 1988.
Reception
In their 1987 review, Janet Maslin from The New York Times wrote, "BLUE MONKEY isn't much more than a standard angry-larva story, but it has been cleverly directed by William Fruet, who knows how to give it a new look. To be sure, what happens in the film is essentially familiar, as a slimy little abomination appears, grows, hatches and goes on to terrorize everyone it meets. From the standpoint of plot, there isn't that much to tell." Author and film critic Leonard Maltin awarded the film a BOMB, their lowest rating, calling it "silly", and "poorly filmed".
HorrorNews.net gave the film a positive review, commending the film's acting, special effects, and direction. Joshua Millican from HorrorFreakNews.com placed the film on their list of "7 Underappreciated Horror Movies You Can ONLY Find On VHS".
References
External links
Blue Monkey at Canuxploitation
1987 films
1987 horror films
1980s monster movies
1980s science fiction horror films
Canadian body horror films
Canadian science fiction horror films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by William Fruet
Canadian splatter films
1980s English-language films
1980s Canadian films
Deh-e Bala (, also Romanized as Deh-e Bālā) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Delinquents may refer to:
The Delinquents (1957 film), directed by Robert Altman
The Delinquents (1960 film), a 1960 Spanish film
The Delinquents, a 1962 novel by Criena Rohan
The Delinquents (1976 film), a 1976 Egyptian film directed by Niazi Mustafa
The Delinquents (1989 film), starring Kylie Minogue
The Delinquents (Austin Punk Band), U.S. Punk Band
The Delinquents (group), an American rap group
See also
Delinquent (disambiguation)
Anthems for the Imperfect is the third studio album by CCM band Everyday Sunday. The album was released in 2004 through the EMI Christian Music Group.
Track listing
Personnel
Trey Pearson – vocals
Jason Siemer – guitar, background vocals
Andrew Martin – guitar, background vocals
Dave Hunter – bass guitar
Chris Hines – drums, background vocals
Additional personnel
Quinlan – guitar, background vocals
Christa Black – violin
John Catchings – cello
Matt Thiessen – background vocals
Mark Wilson – piano
References
2004 albums
Everyday Sunday albums
Flicker Records albums
KFF Feronikeli () is a women's football club based in Drenas, Kosovo. The club competes in Kosovo Women's Football League which is the top tier of women's football in the country. Their home ground is the Rexhep Rexhepi Stadium which has a seating capacity of 6,000.
Honours
Kosovo Women's Football League:
Runners-Up: 2018-19,
See also
List of football clubs in Kosovo
References
Football clubs in Kosovo
Women's football clubs in Kosovo
Haiti sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 7 to 18 September 2016. The country's participation in Rio marked its third appearance at the quadrennial event and its delegation consisted of one shot put thrower Jean Indris Santerre, who qualified for the games by being issued a wild card from the International Paralympic Committee after being unable to qualify on merit. They were chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony. Santerre did not start the final of the men's F57 shot put competition held at the Maracanã Stadium on 17 September for unknown reasons.
Background
Haiti participated in three Summer Paralympic Games between its début at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro. Entering the 2016 competition, the highest number of para-athletes sent by Haiti to a Summer Paralympics is three to the 2012 Games in London. No Haitian para-athlete has ever won a medal at the Summer Paralympics. Haiti participated in the Rio Summer Paralympics from 7 to 18 September 2016. The Comité National Paralympique d'Haïti (CNPH) sent a single shot put thrower to the Games, Jean Indris Santerre, and was accompanied by chef de mission Tony Régis, Samuel Charles and Fabiola Sénord and two other officials; all six departed for Rio de Janeiro on 31 August. Only one para-athlete was sent because Haiti did not have the required funding for more than one competitor in the Paralympics and not taking part in Rio de Janeiro would have meant the CNPH would have risked its accreditation and license being revoked by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC). Santerre was the selected as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Jean Indris Santerre, a computer technician whose left leg was amputated three days after the 2010 Haiti earthquake and has had to use a prosthetic leg since, was the sole para-athlete to represent Haiti at the Rio Summer Paralympics and was 46 years old at the time of the Games. They qualified for the Paralympics by the IPC issuing them a wild card as their personal best of six metres did not merit them automatic qualification and trained for four hours per day for three mornings per week with a $8,000 budget in the run-up to the Games. Santerre is a F58 classified athletes competing in a wheelchair as those with one leg are considered suitable for the category. They spoke of their hope that they would improve on their personal best, and vowed to perform to the best of their ability. Santerre was scheduled to compete in the men's F57 shot put competition held at the Maracanã Stadium on 17 September but was unable to start the event for unknown reasons.
Men's Field
See also
Haiti at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Haitian sport
M. Mohan is an Indian director of Malayalam films. Mohan has done several critically acclaimed films including Angene Oru Avadhikkalathu, Pakshe, Isabella, Oru Katha Oru Nunnakkatha, Idavela, Vida Parayum Munpe, Randu Penkuttikal and Shalini Ente Koottukari. They have scripted five films, Angene Oru Avadhikkalathu, Mukham, Sruthi, Alolam and Vida Parayum Munpe, and wrote the story of two films, Ithile Iniyum Varu and Kathayariyathe. They themselves produced their film Upaasna.
They began their career working as an assistant director for P. Venu in their films. Their association with screenwriter John Paul has always spawned critically and commercially successful films. They have also associated with master writer Padmarajan in the films Idavela, Kochu Kochu Thettukal and Shalini Ente Koottukari. They predominantly worked during the 1980s, the golden era of Malayalam cinema.
Personal life
 They are married to actor Anupama, the hero of their movie Randu Penkuttikal. The couple have two sons Purandar Mohan & Upendhar Mohan.
Filmography
Vadaka Veedu (1978)
Shalini Ente Koottukari (1978)
Randu Pen Kuttikal (1978)
Surya Daham (1979)
Kochu Kochu Thettukal (1979)
Vida Parayum Mumbe (1981)
Kathayariyathe (1981)
Niram Marunna Nimishangal (1982)
Ilakkangal (1982)
Idavela (1982)
Alolam (1982)
Rachana (1983)
Mangalam Nerunnu (1984)
Oru Katha Oru Nunnakkatha (1986)
Theertham (1987)
Sruthi (1987)
Isabella (1988)
Mukham (1990)
Pakshe (1994)
Sakshyam (1995)
Angene Oru Avadhikkalathu (1999)
The Campus (2005)
References
External links
Mohan at the Malayalam Movie Database
Mohan's profile at Cinemaofmalayalam.net
Further reading
Living people
Indian male screenwriters
Malayalam film directors
Malayalam screenwriters
Malayalam film producers
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
Film directors from Kerala
20th-century Indian film directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Screenwriters from Kerala
20th-century Indian male writers
The Diocese of Monte Cassino (Latin: Dioecesis Cassinensis) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in Monte Cassino, a rocky hill on the former site of the Roman town of Casinum about southeast of Rome, Italy, to the west of the town of Cassino. In 1367, it was suppressed.
Ordinaries
Angelo Acciaioli (bishop), O.P. (1355-1357 Died)
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Vopat is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jan Vopat (born 1973), Czech ice hockey player
Roman Vopat (born 1976), Czech ice hockey player, brother of Jan
María Teresa Uribe de Hincapié (9 February 1940 – 1 January 2019) was a Colombian sociologist, specialising in research into conflict and violence.
Early life and education
Born in Pereira, Risaralda, in 1940, Uribe grew up during the period of Colombian civil war known as La Violencia. Injured and wounded travellers, displaced from their rural homes, came to their family home in the 1950s seeking medical treatment from their father, a doctor, and Uribe helped them to care for them. They later stated that this early experience of the result of conflict inspired their academic research interests.
Uribe studied sociology at the Universidad Pontificia Bolivariana in Medellín and later completed a master's degree in urban planning at the National University of Colombia there.
Career
In 1973, following their graduation, they took a position as a lecturer at the University of Antioquia. There, they met Carlos Gaviria Díaz; they introduced them to the newly emerging field of political science, which began to influence their sociological work. From 1991, Uribe worked on their research projects in the university's Institute of Political Studies.
Uribe retired from the university in 2005; in 2007 they were invited to participate in the country's first Historical Memory project, however, they were only able to be involved for six months due to poor health.
Uribe was invited to contribute to a number of national and local political conversations during their career, such as roundtable negotiations with the 19 April guerilla movement, and talks with Medellín militia, aimed at de-mobilising paramilitaries.
Awards and honors
In 1999, Uribe received the University of Antioquia's Research Award, and in 2004 the Francisco Antonio Zea University Merit. In 2015 they were awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Antioquia.
Personal life
Uribe's husband, Guillermo Hincapié Orozco, was a mayor of Medellín. They pre-deceased them by six days. Uribe died on 1 January 2019 at a health care center in Medellín.
Publications
Poderes y regiones : problemas en la constitución de la Nación Colombiana, 1810–1850 (Powers and regions: problems in the constitution of Colombia, 1810–1850) University of Antioquia; Medellín; 1987
La territorialidad de los conflictos y de la violencia en Antioquia (The territoriality of conflicts and violence in Antioquia) University of Antioquia; Medellín; 1990
Uraba: region o territorio : un analisis en el contexto de la politica, la historia y la etnicidad (Region or Territory: an analysis in the context of politics, history and ethnicity) University of Antioquia; Medellín; 1992
Nación, ciudadano y soberano (Nationhood, citizenship and sovereignty) Corporation Region; Medellín; 2001
References
1940 births
2019 deaths
National University of Colombia alumni
University of Antioquia faculty
Colombian sociologists
Women sociologists
People from Pereira, Colombia
20th-century social scientists
21st-century social scientists
20th-century women scientists
21st-century women scientists
20th-century Colombian women
21st-century Colombian women
, literal meaning "modern budō",
or , literally meaning "new budō" are both terms referring to modern Japanese martial arts, which were established after the Meiji Restoration (1866–1869). Kobudō or koryū are the opposite of these terms referring to ancient martial arts established before the Meiji Restoration.
Scope and tradition
Any martial art created after the Meiji Restoration of 1868 is Gendai Budō. Koryō Budō are schools of budō that predate 1868. Some examples of Gendai budō are aikido, gendai goshin jutsu, judo, karate, kūdō and shorinji kempo. The Japanese art of sumo is often defined as a gendai budō. This definition is incorrect as sumo is an ancient art that has attained popularity and media coverage in the modern era.
Gendai budō have origins in koryū, the traditional Japanese martial arts. For example, Kano Jigoro (嘉納 治五郎 Kanō Jigorō, 1860–1938) founded judo in part as an attempt to systematize the myriad traditions of jujutsu which existed at the time. Kendo similarly derives from the many schools of kenjutsu that evolved over the centuries.
Organization of ranking system
Koryū make no use of the popular kyu-dan ranking system. The gendai budō (modern budō forms), however, use the kyū-dan ranking system.
These rankings replaced the various certificates awarded within koryū. Gendai budō also generally do not contain the same strong entrance oaths and rituals as koryū, such as the keppan ("blood oath"). Whereas in most gendai budō dojo all are welcome provided they follow basic rules of conduct, koryū instructors often strictly scrutinize candidates. The primary purpose of gendai budō is for spiritual and mental development while application of techniques is the secondary purpose
References
Dō
Japanese martial arts
Japanese martial arts terminology
Air Council (or Air Force Council) was the governing body of the Royal Air Force until the merger of the Air Ministry with the other armed forces ministries to form the Ministry of Defence in 1964. It was succeeded by the Air Force Board.
Members of the council
The Air Council was made up of several posts, the names of which changed over time. These included:
President of the Air Council, (1917–1919)
President – Secretary of State for Air, (1919–1964)
Vice-President of the Air Council – originally held by Lt-Gen Sir David Henderson, who resigned from post it ceased after that date (1917–1918)
Under-Secretary of State for Air, (1919–1964)
Chief of the Air Staff, (1918–1964)
Deputy Chief of the Air Staff (1930–1964)
Vice Chief of the Air Staff, (1940–1964)
Air Member for Research and Development, renamed Air Member for Development and Production
Air Member for Supply and Research.(1923–1930)
Air Member for Supply and Organisation.(1930–1964)
Air Member for Training
Air Member for Technical Services, (1947–1951)
Controller of Research and Development – from the Ministry of Air Production (MAP)
Director-General of Aircraft Production and Research
Director-General of Supply and Research
Inspector General of the RAF, (1918–1919)
Master-General of Personnel
See also
Army Council
Navy Board
References
External links
Air Council Appointments 1
Air Council Appointments 2
History of the Royal Air Force
The 2008–09 Clemson Tigers men's basketball team represented Clemson University. The head coach was Oliver Purnell. The team played its home games in Littlejohn Coliseum in Clemson, South Carolina. All games were produced and broadcast locally by the Clemson Tigers Sports Network.
Pre-season
On Tuesday, October 21, 2008, the NCAA suspended Freshman Catalin Baciu for the first five games of the season for their participation with a Romanian professional basketball team. The term of the suspension equals the number of games Baciu played as a 15-year-old for U Mobitelco Cluj, a club team that plays in Romania's top pro division, Divizia A. Although Baciu was not paid for their participation, NCAA rules prohibit student-athletes from playing on a professional team, regardless of whether they are employed. They played for a total of four minutes in their five games with U Mobitelco Cluj.
On Sunday, October 26, 2008, members of the ACC media were polled and picked Clemson to finish fifth in the conference behind North Carolina, Duke, Wake Forest and Miami respectively.
Regular season
On Sunday, November 16, 2008, The Tigers won the inaugural Charleston Classic 8-team tournament in Charleston, SC. This marks the 25th time in school history Clemson has won a regular season tournament.
On Saturday, November 22, 2008, Clemson beat Charlotte 71–70 at Halton Arena, marking the first time ever a current member of the Atlantic Coast Conference has played at Charlotte. (Miami played during there during their time as a member of the Big East).
On Wednesday, January 21, 2009, Clemson lost to North Carolina 94–70. This extended the NCAA record for the longest road losing streak against one opponent to 54 games. This also ended Clemson's streak of not losing back-to-back ACC games that dated back to the 2006–07 season.
On Sunday, January 25, 2009, with a 73–59 victory over Georgia Tech, Senior guard K. C. Rivers broke the team record for most career wins as a player with 85. The previous record of 84 was co-held Cliff Hammonds and Elden Campbell.
On Monday, February 2, 2009, EA Sports announced that Littlejohn Coliseum was one of the Top-15 the toughest places to play in College Basketball. Through an online poll, Fans determined 15 finalists, whose home courts were judged to be the most difficult for opposing teams to play in. These results will form an integral part of a new game mode in the EA SPORTS NCAA Basketball videogame franchise for 2009–10.
On Wednesday, February 4, 2009, Clemson defeated No. 3 Duke in Littlejohn Coliseum by a score of 74–47. With the win, Clemson snapped a 22-game regular season losing streak to the Blue Devils dating back to January 7, 1997. The win was also Clemson's first win over a top-5 team since a victory over No. 5 Virginia in 2002.
The 27-point victory was Clemson's largest margin of victory against a top 25 team in history. The previous best was a 22-point victory margin on two occasions. Clemson defeated a fourth-ranked NC State team led by David Thompson at Clemson 92–70 on Feb 22, 1975 at Clemson, and defeated a 13th ranked Maryland team by 22 points, 93–71 on January 19, 1977, at Clemson.
The defeat was also the worst suffered by Duke since the NCAA Championship game of 1990, a 103–73 victory by UNLV on April 2, 1990. The 27-point margin was the largest for Duke in an ACC regular season game since January 18, 1984, when Wake Forest defeated Duke at Winston-Salem, 97–66.
Clemson's 10-point win over Boston College in Boston on Feb 10 was just the third ACC road win over an ACC team that finished the year with a winning record in the last 22 years. Boston College finished the ACC regular season with a 9–7 record and went to the NCAA tournament.
On Tuesday, February 17, the EA Sports Tour visited Littlejohn Coliseum as Clemson hosted Maryland. Along with judging the game day atmosphere, the tour handed out video games, T-shirts and hosted an NCAA Basketball 09 tournament leading up to the game. After their visit, Novell Thomas, the producer of the NCAA Basketball game, wrote that "Hands down, Clemson just set the bar for all hosts of the EA SPORTS The Toughest Places to Play, tour." The 29-point victory was the largest margin of victory in Clemson history over Maryland, and tied for the largest margin of victory for a Clemson team against an ACC team that advanced to the NCAA Tournament. Clemson defeated Florida State in 1997–98 by 29 points.
The Tigers finished the season at 9–7, which gave them back-to-back winning seasons in the conference for the first time since the 1965–66 and 1966–67 teams did it. It is also Clemson's eleventh winning season in the conference since 1953.
Clemson defeated five NCAA tournament teams during the regular season in Duke, Maryland, Boston College, Temple and Illinois. It is the most wins over NCAA Tournament teams in the regular season for the Clemson program since 1997–98.
Clemson finished the regular season with a 14–0 record against non-conference teams, one of just eight Division I teams with a perfect non-conference record. The others were Pittsburgh, UConn, North Carolina, Wake Forest, Minnesota, Illinois State and Stanford.
The Tigers won seven regular season ACC games by double digits, the most regular season league wins by 10 points or more in Clemson history. Statistically, Clemson finished the year with a +10.3 average margin of victory, third best in school history. Clemson's .688 free throw percentage was the third best for the program in the last 22 years. Clemson's .374 three-point percentage was the fourth best in school history.
Postseason
ACC tournament
Clemson entered the ACC Tournament as the No. 5 seed with a 9–7 record in the ACC Regular Season. The Tigers lost their opening game to No. 12 seed Georgia Tech 86–81 dropping their record to 3–8 all-time in the opening round of the tournament.
NCAA tournament
Clemson was selected for the NCAA tournament for the second consecutive year, joining Duke and North Carolina as the only ACC schools to make the tournament each of the last two years. It was just the third time in Clemson history that Clemson has gone to the NCAAs in consecutive years. The Tigers opened the tournament in Kansas City, Missouri, as the No. 7 seed in the South Region. Down by double digits against #10-seed Michigan in the first round, the Tigers went on a 14–0 run to make it 58–57 with just over a minute left. Clemson had a chance to tie the game with 13 seconds left, but K. C. Rivers' contested 3-pointer at the buzzer fell short. The 59–62 loss dropped Oliver Purnell to 0–5 all-time in NCAA Tournament games as a head coach.
Roster
Coaches & staff
Players
2009 commitments
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=|Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=|Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=|ACC Tournament
|-
!colspan=12 style=|NCAA Tournament
Player statistics
Finals Stats
Awards and honors
Trevor Booker
Charleston Classic Most Valuable Player.
ACC Player of the Week, November 17, 2008
Naismith College Player of the Year Mid-Season Candidate
Second Team, All District, District 2, National Association of Basketball Coaches
First Team, All-District, District III, United States Basketball Writers Association
Second Team, All-ACC Team
All-ACC Defensive Team
K.C. Rivers
ACC Player of the Week, December 22, 2008, February 2, 2009
Honorabe Mention, All-ACC Team
Tanner Smith
ACC All-Academic Team (To be eligible for consideration, a student-athlete must have earned a 3.00 grade point average for the previous semester and maintained a 3.00 cumulative average during their academic career.)
Oliver Purnell, head coach
Henry Iba Award Finalist
Coach of the Year, District III, United States Basketball Writers Association
Ron Bradley, associate head coach
Assistant Coach-of-the-Year Semi-Finalist, BasketballScoop.com
Rankings
Final season notes
Team notes
Clemson finished the season with a 23–9 record for a .719 winning percentage. This marks the fifth consecutive year that Clemson has improved its winning percentage from the previous year. Head Coach Oliver Purnell joins former Georgia Tech coach Bobby Cremins as the only coaches in ACC history to take a program to a better winning percentage in five consecutive years. Cremins did it from 1980–81 through the 1986–87 season. The team finished the year with 23 wins, tied for the fifth highest total in school history. The .719 winning percentage ranks in a tie for fourth best in school history and the best since the 1989–90 team was 24–8 for a .750 winning percentage. The 23 victories gave Clemson at least 20 wins for the third straight year, a first in Clemson history. Clemson has 72 wins over the last three years, third among ACC teams behind North Carolina and Duke.
Clemson finished the year ranked 24th in the final Associated Press poll. It marks the second consecutive year Clemson has been ranked in the final AP poll, the first time in history Clemson has finished in the top 25 in any poll in consecutive years. Clemson was ranked in the AP poll for 14 consecutive weeks and in the USA Today poll for 13 consecutive weeks, the second longest streak of weeks in the top 25 in the same season in Clemson history and most since 1996–97 team was ranked in all 19 polls. Clemson reached a high ranking of No. 9 in the USA Today poll on Feb 9, the highest ranking for the program since the 1997–98 season.
Clemson won 10 games away from home, including seven on the opponent's home court. The 10 wins away from home were the most since the 1996–97 team won a record 11. The seven road wins were the most since the 1986–87 team won eight on the opponent's home court. The Tigers posted a 4–4 ACC road record this year, the most ACC road wins in a season for the Clemson program since 1996–97.
Individual notes
Clemson's senior class of K.C. Rivers, Raymond Sykes and Jesse Yanutola finished their careers with 91 victories, a Clemson record for a four-year class. The previous record was 84. The class also had a record 33 ACC regular season wins and 12 ACC road wins. The .679 winning percentage is second best in Clemson history behind the seniors of 1979–80.
Junior Trevor Booker led the ACC in field goal percentage and rebounding, the first ACC player to do that since Tim Duncan in 1996–97.  They are the first ACC underclassman to do it since Dale Davis of Clemson in 1989–90. Booker finished their junior year with 1,239 points, the fifth highest total in Clemson history for a junior. They finished the year seventh in school history in career rebounds with 792 and will need just 208 rebounds their senior year to become the third player in Clemson history with at least 1000 rebounds, joining Tree Rollins and Dale Davis. Booker is already first in Clemson history in rebounds among players 6–7 or shorter. Booker will enter their senior year with a .576 field goal percentage for their career, fifth best in school history. They also stand fifth in career blocked shots with 204.
Senior K.C. Rivers leaves Clemson as the school's career leader in victories (91), ACC wins (35), three-point goals (281) and tied for first in games played (134).  They are third in steals (210), fourth in double figure scoring games (90), fourth in field goals (625), sixth in career scoring (1684), and 11th in rebounding (721).  They are first among Clemson players 6–5 and under in rebounding. Rivers finished their career with 210 steals and 174 turnovers, just the second player in Clemson history to complete a career with more steals than turnovers (Sean Tyson 1987–91).
Freshman guard Andre Young finished the year with a 2.87/1 assist/turnover ratio (66/23), the second best assist/turnover ratio in Clemson history.
Senior Raymond Sykes finished their career with 102 career blocked shots, ninth best in Clemson history. They played in 85 victories, second on the Clemson all-time list.
Sophomore Terrence Oglesby made 92 three-point goals in 2008–09, fourth highest single season total in school history. Oglesby enters their junior year sixth in school history in three-point goals with 177.
Sophomore Demontez Stitt took 18 charges this year, tied for sixth best in Clemson history and most by any Clemson player since Jerry Pryor had 21 in 1987–88.
See also
2008–09 Atlantic Coast Conference men's basketball season
ACC men's basketball tournament
2008–09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season
2009 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament
References
Clemson
Clemson
Clemson Tigers men's basketball seasons
Issoufou Sidibé is a Nigerien labour leader and politician who is the Secretary-General of the Democratic Confederation of the Workers of Niger (CDTN).
Political involvement
Speaking on Radio Kakaki in late September 2004, CDTN Secretary-General Sidibé urged Nigerien workers to vote against President Mamadou Tandja in the November 2004 presidential election, accusing Tandja of treating workers' demands with contempt. They were a leader in the coalition against the high cost of living; in late March 2005, after the coalition called for a general strike on 5 April 2005, Sidibé was wanted by the police.
On 5 March 2007, Sidibé criticized the composition of a new government that they said retained figures who were involved in political and financial scandals. They said that Nigeriens wanted a government composed of "new and technically competent men and women", and they also criticized the expansion of the government from 26 to 31 members, saying that this burdened the taxpayer with the needless expense of additional ministerial salaries.
Events since 2009
Amidst Tandja's efforts to call a referendum on a new constitution that would enable them to run for re-election indefinitely, Sidibé became a leading member of the Front for the Defence of Democracy (FDD), a large coalition opposing Tandja's move, when it was formed in May 2009. They alleged that Tandja had "left the door wide open for a slide into authoritarian rule" and called for "a united front ... to stop the referendum". After Tandja dissolved the National Assembly on 26 May 2009, Sidibé said that Tandja had done so because they feared the government would lose its parliamentary majority. They said that the FDD would campaign across Niger "to help raise awareness about the grave threats [Tandja] poses to our democratic achievements"; according to Sidibé, a tour was necessary because Tandja controlled or dominated the media and "there is no freedom of expression in the country". They also expressed surprise at Tandja's move to remove term limits, noting that Tandja had previously been critical when such moves were taken by other African leaders.
Later, after Tandja dissolved the Constitutional Court, the opposition called for the people to stay home and effectively shut down the country as a form of protest; however, the call seemed to be largely ignored, as business reportedly continued as usual in Niamey on 1 July 2009. Apparently unconcerned by the failure of the protest, Sidibé argued that it had fizzled because the call had been "spontaneous" and there had only been two days notice for the protest. They also warned that if Tandja abandoned the legal framework in their efforts to hold the referendum, then the opposition might also abandon the legal framework in its efforts to stop him. Later in the month, Sidibé told The New York Times that Tandja had "made us miss our entrance into the great court of democratic nations, like Ghana and Mali.... It's made every Nigerien who is proud of their country very angry."
Speaking on the radio on 22 July 2009, Sidibé announced a call by labor unions for "all public sector, parastatal, private and even the informal sector workers to embark on a mass strike" for 48 hours, beginning on 23 July; this was intended as a way of protesting the referendum plans and pressuring Tandja. After the strike was declared illegal by the government, Sidibé said that despite the ban, "thousands of workers in all sectors are following the strike, especially in the countryside", although daily life was reportedly continuing as normal in Niamey. The government banned the strike because it deemed the strike's goals to be "purely political" and unrelated to labor issues.
Sidibé and the opposition called for the people to boycott the referendum, which was scheduled for 4 August 2009, instead of participating and voting "no". The referendum was held as planned, and in the absence of opposition participation it passed by an overwhelming margin. Following the arrest of opposition leader Marou Amadou on 10 August 2009, Sidibé said that the arrest was intended to intimidate the rest of the opposition. Sidibé announced on 16 August that the Coordination of Democratic Forces for the Republic (CFDR) opposition coalition would conduct nationwide protests against the referendum's "fantasy results" on 20 August.
The opposition also boycotted the October 2009 parliamentary election, which was held under the new constitution. Sidibé dismissed the government's estimate of 51% voter turnout, claiming that the real voter turnout rate was anemic—less than 5%.
References
Nigerien politicians
Nigerien trade unionists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Arthur Rozenfeld (born February 8, 1995) is a French professional basketball player for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. of Israeli Premier League.
On July 22, 2015, Rozenfeld signed with Boulogne where they are Garrett Sim's replacement.
On June 22, 2016, Rozenfeld signed with Chorale Roanne to become titular leader and was selected most improved of Pro B at the end of season.
They joined Élan Chalon in 2017. In June 2018, they quit the club. Rozenfeld signed with JL Bourg for a one-year deal.
On July 1, 2019, they have signed with Vichy-Clermont Métropole Basket of LNB Pro B.
References
1995 births
Living people
ASVEL Basket players
Chorale Roanne Basket players
Élan Chalon players
French men's basketball players
JA Vichy-Clermont Métropole players
JL Bourg-en-Bresse players
People from Bron
SOMB Boulogne-sur-Mer players
Point guards
Sportspeople from Lyon Metropolis
Sudin alias Ramkrishna Madhav Dhavalikar is an Indian politician from the state of Goa, and a senior leader of the MG Party.  They are a six-term member of the Goa Legislative Assembly, representing the Marcaim constituency and former deputy CM of Goa.
Ministry Portfolios
They have been a Minister in various governments for over 15 years, holding important portfolios by forming alliances with various political parties.
On 27 March 2019, they were dropped from the Cabinet of Ministers as the Deputy Chief Minister, as well as the ruling alliance, after two MGP MLAs (Deepak Pauskar and Manohar Ajgaonkar) broke away from the party and joined the ruling BJP, merging the MGP legislative party into the BJP. A disqualification plea of the two breakaway MGP MLAs, along with 10 other congress MLAs was dismissed by the High Court of Bombay at Goa.
Political party
 They are a senior leader of the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party, Goa's first ruling party after the end of Portuguese colonial rule in 1961. They have played a pivotal role in survival and success of the party for last 20 years.
Controversy
In 2015, two members of Aam Aadmi Party – Pradip Ghadi Amonkar and Mujahid Rizvi – alleged that Dhavalikar, while contesting the previous Assembly election, had sworn a false affidavit that they are a BSc graduate. They claimed that Sudin Dhavalikar had lied in their sworn affidavit regarding their educational qualification. The aggrieved approached the court as they claimed that Ponda police had declined to register and FIR against Dhavalikar. After inquiring with the Bombay University, Ponda police submitted in the court that Dhavalikar's BSc degree is genuine. The Ponda court promptly dismissed the case noting that JMFC Apurva Nagvekar did not find any merit in the application made by the aggrieved party.
References
External links
Goa council of ministers
Living people
1956 births
Goa politicians
Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party politicians
People from North Goa district
Goa MLAs 2017–2022
Goa MLAs 2022–2027
Josephine Collective was an emo pop band from Johnson County, Kansas. In 2006, the band, formerly known as Josephine and, previously, Josephine Love Letter, was officially named Josephine Collective. The band signed to Warner Bros. Records after John Feldmann had been introduced to their music via Myspace and invited them to open for their band, Goldfinger. John Feldmann produced their first EP entitled Living EP which was released in 2007. Josephine Collective also recorded their first full-length album with Feldmann in Los Angeles, CA. The album, We Are the Air, was released for digital download on June 24, 2008. The band toured with fellow Warner Bros. Records act, The Used, in 2007 and with Story of the Year and Madina Lake in 2008. They also performed at both the 2008 Bamboozle Left Festival in California, and the 2008 Bamboozle Festival in New Jersey.
Starting in mid-2008 the band went through a number of changes. Albert Redwine, the band's keyboard player left Josephine Collective in early 2008 to focus on their solo career via the music production alias "Fire For Effect". The band agreed not to replace them, leaving them with six members. They went on to start the Sea Punk movement. In early October the band was released from their contract with Warner Bros. for complaining about lack of promotion and the way that their album was released, and Colby Logback (Bass) and Jared Bond (Drums) also left the band, leaving four remaining members. Alex Sandate (Vocals) then took over for Jared on drums, and Dillon Devoe (Vocals) took up the bass duties.
On May 23, 2009, Josephine Collective played their last concert at Kansas City's Beaumont Club. Dillon Devoe and Alex Sandate announced that it was their time to end, and they were all focusing on other projects.
On January 23, 2010, the band played their "last-hurrah" reunion show at the Beaumont Club in Kansas City.
Discography
Albums
EPs
References
See also
Singer, Kristi. "Unlikely rise from unlikely band." 17 June 2008. The Sun News. Accessed 17 June 2008
Rock music groups from Kansas
American emo musical groups
Matthew Letley (born 29 March 1961) is an English rock drummer, formerly with the English rock band, Status Quo.
Career
Letley attended Sir Joseph Williamson's Mathematical School, in Rochester, Kent. Their first recordings, with their brother Mark's progressive rock band Sindelfingen, were made when they were only 12; a live track including them was added to a CD reissue of their rare album Odgipig (he joined after the recording of the original album). As a drummer they played for a number of well-known artists, including a-ha, Bob Geldof, Vanessa Mae, Hank Marvin and Kim Wilde. In April 2015 Matt Letley produced and recorded drum section for the song of Russian alternative rock band 208 Talks of Angels. Released 4 February 2022, Matt performed and recorded drums for Stu Allen's debut single "Falling Out of Sight".
Having joined Status Quo in 2000, their first tour with the band was in Germany. In 2006, Letley was part of Status Quo's Just Doin' It tour. After joining the band Letley often performed a drum solo, 'The Killer', as part of the song "Gerdundula". When "Gerdundula" was dropped from the Quo set, their solo was typically performed during "In the Army Now".
On 17 December 2012, Letley announced, via their website, that they would be leaving Status Quo after 12 years. Their final concert was on Wednesday 19 December, at The O2 Arena as the final date of the band's winter 2012 tour.
Equipment
Letley is endorsed by Noonan Custom drums, Paiste cymbals, Remo heads, Vic Firth drumsticks and Hardcases cases.
Drums:
Noonan Custom
24x16" Bass drum
14x5" Snare drum
10x8" Rack tom
12x9" Rack tom
14x11" Floor tom
16x14" Floor tom
Cymbals:
Paiste
15" Signature Sound Edge Hi-Hats
16" 2002 crash
17" 2002 crash
20" 2002 Power ride
17" 2002 Wild crash
18" 2002 Wild crash
19" 2002 Wild crash
14" Rude Hi-Hats
20" 2002 Novo china
8" Signature bell
8" 2002 splash
10" 2002 splash
Hardware:
Drum Workshop and Pearl Drums
Pearl Icon Rack with Pearl cymbal arms
DW 9000 Pedals
References
External links
Matt Letley official website
Status Quo (band) members
Living people
1961 births
English rock drummers
People educated at Sir Joseph Williamson's Mathematical School
Musicians from Kent
Paratenuisentis is a genus of parasitic worms belonging to the family Tenuisentidae.
The species of this genus are found in Northern America.
Species:
Paratenuisentis ambiguus
References
Neoechinorhynchida
Acanthocephala genera
Mannweiler-Cölln is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Culture and sights
The Protestant Church of Mannweiler-Cölln (built 1860–61)
Catholic Chapel (Kleiner Böhl 2). Chapel room in old Catholic schoolhouse, made 1741 by conversion of a farmhouse. Timber-framed building with stained-glass, today occasionally used for services
Randeck Museum (Böhlstraße 5).
Ruins of Randeck Castle
Ruins of the Stolzenburg (in the vicinity)
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Brady Peak is an -elevation summit located in the Grand Canyon, in Coconino County of northern Arizona, United States. It is situated northeast of the Vista Encantada viewpoint on the canyon's North Rim, where it towers above the bottom of Nankoweap Canyon. Its nearest higher neighbor is Mount Hayden, to the north, Kibbey Butte is one mile to northwest, and Alsap Butte lies one mile to the northeast. Brady Peak is named after Peter Rainsford Brady (1825–1902), a pioneer and politician of the Arizona Territory. This geographical feature's name was officially adopted in 1932 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names. According to the Köppen climate classification system, Brady Peak is located in a cold semi-arid climate zone.
Geology
The summit spire of Brady Peak is composed of cream-colored Permian Coconino Sandstone. This sandstone, which is the third-youngest of the strata in the Grand Canyon, was deposited 265 million years ago as sand dunes. Below this Coconino Sandstone is reddish, slope-forming, Permian Hermit Formation, which in turn overlays the Pennsylvanian-Permian Supai Group. Precipitation runoff from this feature drains east into the Colorado River via Nankoweap Creek.
See also
Geology of the Grand Canyon area
Siegfried Pyre
Tritle Peak
Saddle Mountain
References
External links
Weather forecast: National Weather Service
Brady Peak rock climbing: Mountainproject.com
Grand Canyon, North Rim
Grand Canyon
Landforms of Coconino County, Arizona
Mountains of Arizona
Mountains of Coconino County, Arizona
North American 2000 m summits
Colorado Plateau
Grand Canyon National Park
Sandstone formations of the United States
Public notice is a notice given to the public regarding certain types of legal proceedings.
By government
Public notices are issued by a government agency or legislative body in certain rulemaking or lawmaking proceeding.
It is a requirement in most jurisdictions, in order to allow members of the public to make their opinions on proposals known before a rule or law is made.
For local government, public notice is often given by those seeking a liquor license, a rezoning or variance, or other minor approval which must be granted by a city council, county commission, or board of supervisors.
By private individuals or companies
Parties to some legal proceedings, such as foreclosures, probate, and estate actions are sometimes required to publish public notices.
In communications
Public notices are sometimes required when seeking a new broadcast license from a national broadcasting authority, or a change to modification to an existing license.
U.S. broadcast stations are required to give public notice on the air that they are seeking a license renewal from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC), or to notify viewers of the station's purchase by another party. Records of these public notices must often be kept in a station's public file.
Method of notice
One method of notice is publication of a public notice ad in a local newspaper of record. Public notice can also be given in other ways, including radio, television, and on the Internet. Some governments required publication in a local/nationwide newspaper or the government gazette, though there have been attempts among some politicians to eliminate the expense of publication by switching to electronic forms of notification.
See also
Constructive notice
Substituted service
UCC-1 financing statement
Notes
References
The Public Notice Resource Center
Broadcast law
Administrative law
Norris "Norey" James Graham (January 25, 1906 – July 9, 1980) was an American rower, born in Portland, Oregon, who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932, they won the gold medal as coxswain of the American boat in the eights competition.
External links
profile
1906 births
1980 deaths
Sportspeople from Portland, Oregon
Coxswains (rowing)
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
American male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
The women's 200 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 22 and 23 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 July
Wind: +2.2 m/s
Semifinals
23 July
Semifinal 1
Wind: +0.2 m/s
Semifinal 2
Wind: +1.0 m/s
Quarterfinals
22 July
Quarterfinal 1
Wind: +2.1 m/s
Quarterfinal 2
Wind: -0.4 m/s
Quarterfinal 3
Wind: +0.8 m/s
Quarterfinal 4
Wind: +0.4 m/s
Heats
22 July
Heat 1
Wind: +1.0 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: +1.5 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: +1.0 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: +0.2 m/s
Heat 5
Wind: +0.2 m/s
Heat 6
Wind: +0.9 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 42 athletes from 31 countries participated in the event.
References
200 metres
200 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Iraqis in Germany include migrants from Iraq to Germany, as well as their descendants. The number of Iraqis and Iraqi-Germans in Germany is estimated at around 310,000 people. The Iraqi community is ethnically, culturally and linguistically diverse and includes Mesopotamian Arabs, Kurds, Iraqi Turkmen, Mandaeans, Assyrians and Yezidis.
History and population
The number of Iraqi citizens in Germany is estimated at around 250,000. Between 2010 and 2019, Germany granted around 70% of Iraqi asylum applications, although most of these are subject to regular review.
In 2019, Germany received 13,700 applications for asylum from Iraqis. The country is already home to a sizeable Iraqi population, many of whom were granted protection by the German authorities after fleeing persecution from Saddam Hussein's former regime.
However, Germany has adopted another policy towards Iraqi refugees which has distinguished it from all other EU states, the German Federal Ministry of the Interior has taken the unique step of systematically revoking the refugee status of thousands of Iraqis who were granted protection before 2003. Since the threat of persecution from the Iraqi Ba'ath regime is no longer present, 18,000 Iraqi refugees who entered the country before the 2003 invasion have thus had their refugee status revoked, placing them in a situation of uncertainty and precariousness. In June 2007, the German government asked the asylum authorities to temporarily suspend the revocation of refugee status for certain groups of Iraqis such as those from Baghdad, single women, and members of religious or ethnic minorities such as Iraqi Assyrians.
70,000+
Notable people
Reem Alabali-Radovan, politician
Laith Al-Deen, pop musician born to Iraqi father and German mother
Dunja Hayali, journalist and television presenter.
, crowned Miss Germany in 1996 (Turkish-Iraqi origin)
Karo Murat, professional boxer
Najem Wali, novelist and journalist
Khalid al-Maaly, writer and publisher
Iqbal al-Qazwini, journalist and novelist.
Claudia Basrawi, German actor and writer born to Iraqi father and German mother
Rafid Ahmed Alwan al-Janabi, German citizen who defected from Iraq
Faris Al-Sultan, Ironman World Championship Born to Iraqi father and German mother
Alexander Ridha, Electronic music record producer, songwriter, and DJ
See also
Iraqis
Iraqi diaspora
Iraqi diaspora in Europe
Immigration to Germany
Germany–Iraq relations
Assyrians in Germany
Kurds in Germany
Turks in Germany
Arabs in Germany
Notes
References
Arabs in Germany
Middle Eastern diaspora in Germany
Ethnic groups in Germany
Iraqi emigrants to Germany
Daniel Book (born July 20, 1983) is a platinum-selling, BMI Award-winning producer and songwriter, originally from Baltimore, Maryland. After moving to Los Angeles, they have racked up an impressive discography with notable label artists as well as composing and producing songs for Disney Television and Films.  They are currently published by and writing music for Sony/ATV Music Publishing.  They are also the former lead singer of the band VooDoo Blue.
Select Discography
References
1983 births
Record producers from Maryland
Songwriters from Maryland
American male songwriters
Living people
Esraa Elsayed Rashed Elsayed Ahmed (, born 21 November 1998) is an Egyptian weightlifter. At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Women's -63 kg. They won silver medals at the 2013 Mediterranean Games in the 58 kg event, and at the 2015 African Games in the 63 kg event.
Major competitions
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Egypt
Weightlifters at the 2016 Summer Olympics
African Games silver medalists for Egypt
African Games medalists in weightlifting
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Egypt
Mediterranean Games medalists in weightlifting
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2013 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
20th-century Egyptian women
21st-century Egyptian women
Egyptian female weightlifters
Phoenicianism is a form of Lebanese nationalism adopted by many Lebanese people, at the time of the creation of Greater Lebanon. It constitutes identification of the Lebanese people with the ancient Phoenicians.
Position
Proponents claim that the land of Lebanon has been inhabited uninterruptedly since Phoenician times, and that the current population descends from the original population, with some admixture due to immigration over the centuries. They argue that Arabization merely represented a shift to the Arabic language as the vernacular of the Lebanese people, and that, according to them, no actual shift of ethnic identity, much less ancestral origins, occurred. In light of this "old controversy about identity", some Lebanese prefer to see Lebanon, Lebanese culture and themselves as part of "Mediterranean" and "Canaanite" civilization, in a concession to Lebanon's various layers of heritage, both indigenous, foreign non-Arab, and Arab. Some consider addressing all Lebanese as Arabs somewhat insensitive and prefer to call them Lebanese as a sign of respect of Lebanon's long non-Arabic past.
Language
Arabic
—The Arabic language is considered to exist in multiple forms: formal Arabic, commonly known as Modern Standard Arabic (a modern incarnation of Koranic or Classical Arabic), which is used in written documents and formal contexts; and dialectal variants, numbering some thirty vernacular speech forms, used in day-to-day contexts, and varying widely from country to country. The one spoken in Lebanon is called "Lebanese Arabic" or simply "Lebanese", and it is a type of Levantine Arabic, which, together with Mesopotamian Arabic, is classed by matter of convenience as a type of Northern Arabic.
The point of controversy between Phoenicianists and their opponents lies in whether the differences between the Arabic varieties are sufficient to consider them separate languages. The former cite Prof. Wheeler Thackston of Harvard: "the languages the 'Arabs' grow up speaking at home, are as different from each other and from Arabic itself, as Latin is different from English."
There is a lack of consensus on the distinction between lingual taxa such as languages and dialects. A neutral term in linguistics is "language variety" (a.k.a. "lect"), which can be anything from a language or a family of languages to a dialect or a continuum of dialects, and beyond. The most common, and most purely linguistic, criterion is that of mutual intelligibility: two varieties are said to be dialects of the same language if being a speaker of one variety confers sufficient knowledge to understand and be understood by a speaker of the other; otherwise, they are said to be different languages. By this criterion, the variety commonly known as the Arabic language is indeed considered by linguists to be not a single language but a family of several languages, each with its own dialects. For political reasons, it is common in the Arabic-speaking world (a.k.a. the Arab world) for speakers of different Arabic varieties to assert that they all speak a single language, despite significant issues of mutual incomprehensibility among differing spoken versions.
Aramaic language
For nearly a thousand years before the spread of the Arab-Muslim conquests in the 7th century AD, Aramaic was the lingua franca and main spoken language in the Fertile Crescent. Among the Maronites, traditionally, Western Aramaic had been the spoken language up to the 17th century, when Arabic took its place, while classical Syriac remained in use only for liturgical purposes, as a sacred language (also considered as such in Judaism, alongside Hebrew).
Today the vast majority of people in Lebanon speak Lebanese Arabic as their first language. More recently, some effort has been put into revitalizing the Western Neo-Aramaic as an everyday spoken language in some ethnic Lebanese communities. Also, the modern type of Eastern Neo-Aramaic has an estimated 2–5 million speakers, mainly among Assyrians, a Christian ethnoreligious group related to but distinct from the Maronites of Lebanon.
Genetics
According to genetic studies performed on the Lebanese populace, the Lebanese people share more than 90% of their genetic makeup with the ancient Canaanites who lived 3,700 years ago.
Religion
Proponents of Phoenician continuity among Maronite Christians point out that a Phoenician identity, including the worship of pre-Christian Phoenician gods such as El, Baal, Astarte and Adon was still in evidence until the mid 6th century AD in Roman Phoenice, and was only gradually replaced by Christianity during the 4th and 5th centuries AD. Furthermore, that all this happened centuries before the Arab-Islamic Conquest.
Representation in the government
Among political parties professing Phoenicianism is the Kataeb Party, a Lebanese nationalist party in the March 14 Alliance. It is officially secular, but its electorate is primarily Christian. Other political parties which profess Phoenicianism include the National Liberal Party and the Lebanese Forces.
Views of scholars
Josephine Quinn, associate professor in ancient history at Worcester College, University of Oxford, writes that:
Geographer and historian Jack Keilo criticized Phoenicianist claims as anachronistic, noting that "Phoenicians" and "Phoenicia" only existed in the Greek context and under the Roman Empire.
Lebanese academic As'ad AbuKhalil writes that:
Abukhalil concludes that:
The Dutch university professor Leonard C. Biegel, in their 1972 book Minorities in the Middle East: Their significance as political factor in the Arab World, coined the term Neo-Shu'ubiyya to name the modern attempts of alternative non-Arab nationalisms in the Middle East, e.g. Aramaeanism, Assyrianism, Greater Syrian nationalism, Kurdish nationalism, Berberism, Pharaonism, Phoenicianism.
Historian Kamal Salibi, a Lebanese Protestant Christian, says: "between ancient Phoenicia and the Lebanon of medieval and modern times, there is no demonstrable historical connection". ".
The earliest sense of a modern Lebanese identity is to be found in the writings of historians in the early nineteenth century, when, under the emirate of the Shihabs, a Lebanese identity emerged, "separate and distinct from the rest of Syria, bringing the Maronites and Druzes, along with its other Christian and Muslim sects, under one government." The first coherent history of Mount Lebanon was written by Tannus al-Shidyaq (died 1861) who depicted the country as a feudal association of Maronites, Druzes, Melkites, Sunnis and Shi'ites under the leadership of the Druze Ma'n dynasty and later the Sunni/Maronite Shihab emirs. "Most Christian Lebanese, anxious to dissociate themselves from Arabism and its Islamic connections, were pleased to be told that their country was the legitimate heir to the Phoenician tradition," Kamal Salibi observes, instancing Christian writers like Charles Corm (died 1963), writing in French, and Said Aql, who urged the abandonment of Literary Arabic, together with its script, and attempted to write in the Lebanese vernacular, using the Roman alphabet.
Phoenician origins have additional appeal for the Christian middle class, as it presents the Phoenicians as traders, and the Lebanese emigrant as a modern-day Phoenician adventurer, whereas for the Muslim population it merely veiled French imperialist ambitions, intent on subverting pan-Arabism. Historian Fawwaz Traboulsi sees Phoenicianism as a tool which only served the economic and political interests of Maronite elites.
Many scholars and historians, including as Kamal Salibi, Albert Hourani and Amin Al-Rihani, have criticized Phoenicianism for historical inaccuracies.
Historian Rola El-Husseini sees Phoenicianism as an origin myth; others note how it disregards the Arab cultural and linguistic influence on the Lebanese. They ascribe Phoenicianism to sectarian influences on Lebanese culture and the attempt by Lebanese Maronites to distance themselves from Arab culture and traditions.
As summed by As'ad AbuKhalil, Historical Dictionary of Lebanon (London: Scarecrow Press), 1998:
Ethnically speaking, the Lebanese are indistinguishable from the peoples of the eastern Mediterranean. They are undoubtedly a mixed population, reflecting centuries of population movement and foreign occupation... While Arabness is not an ethnicity but a cultural identity, some ardent Arab nationalists, in Lebanon and elsewhere, talk about Arabness in racial and ethnic terms to elevate the descendants of Muhammad. Paradoxically, Lebanese nationalists also speak about the Lebanese people in racial terms, claiming that the Lebanese are "pure" descendants of the Phoenician peoples, whom they view as separate from the ancient residents of the region, including — ironically — the Canaanites.
Recent studies by Miriam Balmuth has also shown that a large part of Phoenicians' history has been influenced by political ideologies that started with the Greeks and the Romans and that the Phoenicians did not have a shared Phoenician identity which they identified with, choosing to identify with their city of origins such as Tyre and Sidon. They did however share a common language, common religious practices, ethnic origin and a common maritime trade culture.
See also
Aramaeanism
Assyrianism
Berberism
Canaanism
Kataeb Party
Lebanese nationalism
Maronites
Names of Syriac Christians
Pan-Arabism
Pharaonism
Phoenicia
Kurdish nationalism
Notes
Further reading
Kaufman, Asher, "Phoenicianism: The Formation of an Identity in Lebanon in 1920" Middle Eastern Studies, (January, 2001)
Plonka Arkadiusz, L'idée de langue libanaise d'après Sa‘īd ‘Aql, Paris, Geuthner, 2004 (French)
Plonka Arkadiusz, "Le nationalisme linguistique au Liban autour de Sa‘īd ‘Aql et l'idée de langue libanaise dans la revue «Lebnaan» en nouvel alphabet", Arabica, 53 (4), 2006, pp. 423–471. (French)
Salameh, Franck, Language Memory and Identity in the Middle East; The Case for Lebanon, Lanham, MD, Lexington Books, 2010,
Salameh, Franck, Charles Corm; An Intellectual Biography of a Twentieth-Century Lebanese "Young Phoenician", Lanham, MD, Lexington Books, 2015,
External links
National Geographic: "Who Were the Phoenicians?"
National Geographic: "In the Wake of the Phoenicians:DNA study reveals a Phoenician-Maltese link"
The Irish Lebanese Cultural Foundation: "A parallel in History between Lebanon and Ireland"
The Cape Cod Rail Trail (CCRT) is a paved rail trail located on Cape Cod in Massachusetts. The trail route passes through the towns of Yarmouth, Dennis, Harwich, Brewster, Orleans, Eastham, and Wellfleet. It connects to the 6-plus mile (10 km) Old Colony Rail Trail leading to Chatham, the 2 mile Yarmouth multi-use trail, and 8 miles (13 km) of trails within Nickerson State Park. Short side trips on roads lead to national seashore beaches including Coast Guard Beach at the end of the Nauset Bike Trail in Cape Cod National Seashore. The trail is part of the Claire Saltonstall Bikeway.
History
The original rail line from Yarmouth to Orleans was constructed by the Cape Cod Central Railroad (1861–1868), which was later incorporated into the Old Colony Railroad in 1872, and finished the line to Provincetown in 1873. The railroad was later incorporated into the New York, New Haven & Hartford Railroad in 1893. The New Haven Railroad merged into Penn Central in 1968: it went bankrupt by 1970. The corridor was purchased by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in 1976, and a portion of the right-of-way was converted to the Cape Cod Rail Trail by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation in the 1970s. The current owner, the Massachusetts Department of Transportation, leases the line from Station Avenue in Yarmouth to US Route 6 in Wellfleet to the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation for trail use.
In July 2020, the state awarded $181,000 for design of Phase 3 of the extension project, which will extend the trail west from Peter Horner Park in Yarmouth to Mary Dunn Road in Barnstable. Because that section of the rail line is still in use, the trail will follow a different route to the south.
Route description
Yarmouth trailhead to Nickerson State Park
The trail begins in Yarmouth at Station Avenue. This trailhead has a parking area and is just south of exit 8 on US 6. West of here, the trail crosses over Station Ave on an overpass and connects to Peter Homer Park and continues as the town-owned Yarmouth multi-use trail, which runs for 2 miles to Higgins Crowell Road. The first 5 miles of trail run through industrial and residential areas of Yarmouth and Dennis, and include a new trail bridge over the Bass River. It roughly parallels Great Western Road during this section, crossing it twice.
The trail then enters Harwich as the landscape turns to houses and agricultural land before turning gradually north and intersecting with the Old Colony Rail Trail at a bike rotary between miles 3 and 4. The rotary has maps and benches in its center for users of the trail. North of the rotary, the trail passes through a wooded area and crosses Route 6 via an overpass. Another parking area is located at the trail's intersection with Headwaters Drive, north of Route 6. It crosses Massachusetts Route 124 at mile 5 and runs along it until mile 7, passing several ponds and entering Brewster at mile 6.
The CCRT crosses Massachusetts Route 137 at mile 8 and then runs south of central Brewster. A parking area is located at Route 137, before the trail enters Nickerson State Park just past mile 10. It is in the park for about two-thirds of a mile, intersecting some of its trails, then crosses Massachusetts Route 6A by an underpass as it leaves the park. A parking lot is located near the Route 6A crossing.
Nickerson State Park to Wellfleet trailhead
The trail continues to cross Namskaket Creek into Orleans between miles 11 and 12. The crossing of Route 6 between miles 12 and 13, near exit 12 on the highway, constitutes the trail's only (and brief) on-road section. The trail follows Salty Ridge Road to West Road, where it turns right over the Route 6 overpass. It then turns left and leaves West Road heading northeast into downtown Orleans. The CCRT crosses Main Street just past mile 13; this area in downtown has several bike shops and dining establishments. A parking area is located off of Old Colony Way, named for the former railroad that the trail runs on. The landscape changes to a less dense residential area as it leaves downtown. The third crossing of Route 6 is an overpass just before mile 14 and just east of the Orleans rotary.
The trail enters Eastham shortly after this, at which point there is a large salt marsh, Boat Meadow Creek, on the west side of the trail. It was at this location that a rudimentary canal, Jeremiah's Gutter, had existed in the 1700s, allowing passage from Cape Cod Bay to the Cove area of Orleans. Around mile marker 15, the trail enters the residential section of Eastham, crossing Gov. Prence Road. The trail remains relatively straight through most of Eastham, and at-grade road crossings are fairly frequent. Locust Road, between miles 16 and 17, is a signed bike route to the Nauset Bicycle Trail (which brings cyclists and pedestrians to Coast Guard Beach) and the Salt Pond Visitor Center, as well as other points in the Cape Cod National Seashore. In the North Eastham area, just west of the trail's intersection with Brackett Road, there are bike shops as well as delis and a Ben and Jerry's ice cream shop. North of Brackett Road, the trail runs closer to Route 6 and several motels and restaurants on the east side of the highway are connected directly to the trail.
The CCRT enters Wellfleet near mile 19. Sparse residential development lies west of the trail, while the east side of the trail is fronted by a power line right-of-way, with undeveloped National Seashore land beyond that. North of mile 21, the trail intersects Marconi Beach Road, which leads to Marconi Beach and the Marconi Station site. Sparse development continues, with the trail ending near mile 22, at Lecount Hollow Road in Wellfleet. This trailhead has the only parking area on the trail north of Orleans. The road provides access to several Wellfleet town beaches.
Expansion and development
In April 2018, Massachusetts DCR awarded a contract for the design and construction of a 2-mile northern extension of the rail trail from the current terminus at LeCount Hollow Road to Route 6 near turnoff to Wellfleet Center. This extension will follow the former railroad grade. As part of this project, the state has purchased a former campground and renovated it. The new Wellfleet Hollow Campground opened in May 2019.
Efforts to extend the bike path from the Wellfleet trailhead north to Provincetown have been under discussion for many years. Four possible routes were identified in 2011: a scenic corridor through the National Seashore, a share-the-road corridor of back roads west of Route 6, a corridor that follows the former railroad right of way (some of which is now privately owned), and a route that would take the bike path north along a power line right of way from South Wellfleet into Truro and then along Route 6 into Provincetown.
Westward expansion is planned to Route 132.
Crossings
All crossings in Barnstable County, Massachusetts.
See also
Old Colony Rail Trail - between Harwich and Chatham
Shining Sea Bikeway - between North Falmouth and Woods Hole
References
Further reading
External links
Cape Cod Rail Trail official page | Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation
Friends of the Cape Cod Rail Trail
Cape Cod Rail Trail - Wellfleet Extension Project | Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation
Cape Cod Rail Trail | TrailLink by the Rails-to-Trails Conservancy
Brewster, Massachusetts
Chatham, Massachusetts
Dennis, Massachusetts
Eastham, Massachusetts
Transportation in Harwich, Massachusetts
Parks in Barnstable County, Massachusetts
Rail trails in Massachusetts
State parks of Massachusetts
Wellfleet, Massachusetts
Deva may refer to:
Entertainment
Deva (1989 film), a 1989 Kannada film
Deva (1995 film), a 1995 Tamil film
Deva (2002 film), a 2002 Bengali film
Deva (2007 Telugu film)
Deva (2017 film), a 2017 Marathi film
Deva (Dungeons & Dragons), a type of angel
Devas, characters in Digimon Tamers
People
Given name
Deva (composer) (born 1950), Indian film composer and singer
Дeva (Deva) (born 2000), Hungarian singer-songwriter
Deva Bandhumasena (1891–1944), Thai military officer
Deva Katta, Indian-born American citizen filmmaker
Deva Mahal, soul and R&B singer in New York
Deva Mahenra (born 1990), actor, model and presenter from Indonesia
Deva Premal (born 1970), German musician
Deva Raya II (died 1446), emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire
Santos Souza Delvanita (commonly known as Deva; born 1989), Brazilian footballer
Surname
A. N. Prabhu Deva, Indian academic
Bhattakalanka Deva (fl. 1604), Kannada grammarian
Deva Dassy (1911–2016), French mezzo-soprano
Girvan Yuddha Bikram Shah (1797–1816), King of Nepal
Mukul Deva (born 1961), Indian English author
Narendra Deva (1889–1956), Indian politician
Nirj Deva (born 1948), United Kingdom politician
Prabhu Deva (born 1973), South Indian actor, dancer, and movie director
Ramachandra Deva (1948–2013), Indian Kannada poet, writer and playwright
Saara Deva (born 1994), Indian actor who predominantly appears in Tamil cinema
Sarah Jezebel Deva or Sarah Jane Ferridge (born 1977), British vocalist
Srikanth Deva (born 1980), Indian music director
Terra Deva, American musician
Vishnu Deva (born 1975), Indian choreographer
Xhafer Deva (1904–1978), Albanian politician
Religion
Deva (Hinduism), a divine being or god in Hinduism
Deva (Buddhism), a higher being in Buddhism
Deva (Jainism), a term used for heavenly beings in Jainism
Daeva, a malevolent god or supernatural entity in Zoroastrianism
Deva (New Age), spiritual forces or beings behind nature
Deva people of Sri Lankan mythology
Rivers
Deva (river), a river in Northern Spain, between Asturias and Cantabria
River Dee, Aberdeenshire, in Aberdeenshire, Scotland
River Dee, Galloway, in southwest Scotland
River Dee, Wales, a river in the United Kingdom
Towns
Deva, Gijón, a parish of Gijón, in Asturias, Spain
Deva, Romania, a city in Hunedoara county, Romania
Deva Victrix, a Roman fortress and town, now Chester, England
Deva Village, India
Other uses
DEVA, abbreviation for Deutsche Versuchs- und Prüfanstalt für Jagd- und Sportwaffen
DEVA, abbreviation for Demokrasi ve Atılım Partisi, Democracy and Progress Party of Turkey
Deva (moth), a synonym of the moth genus Plusiodonta of the family Erebidae
Deva dynasty (c. 12th–13th century), Hindu dynasty of Bengal
Deva dynasty (Saketa)
Deva Stadium, a football stadium in Chester named after the city's Roman name
CA Deva, football club in Cantabria, Spain
DeVa, or Demokraattinen Vaihtoehto, Democratic Alternative a Finnish Communist party
ISO 15924 code for Devanagari, script
See also
Angelic (disambiguation)
Anito
Apsara
Asura
Bhagavan
Daeva
Deba (disambiguation)
Dev (disambiguation)
Devas (disambiguation)
Devic (disambiguation)
Dewa (disambiguation)
Dewi (disambiguation)
Diva (disambiguation)
Divinity
Gandharva
God and gender in Hinduism
Hindu deities
Ishvara
Visvedevas
Kenneth Anthony Wright (East Tuddenham, 5 June 1899 – London, 15 January 1975) was a British composer and conductor.
Life
Wright studied mechanical and electrical engineering at the University of Sheffield in Sheffield. As a technician they got a job with the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) and from 1922 to 1959 they were a member of the music department of the BBC in London. In 1922 they became the first director of the BBC in Manchester. From 1923 to 1930 they became personal assistant to Percy Pitt. From 1930 to 1937 they were the personal assistant to Sir Adrian Boult. They went on to conduct BBC orchestras, was Overseas Music Director (1940-3), Deputy Director Of Music (1944-7) and Acting Director in 1947 for a time after Victor Hely-Hutchinson's death, Artists' Manager (1948–51) and Head of TV Music from 1951 to 1959. After reaching the BBC compulsory retirement age of 60, they were the director of the Robert Maxwell Film Companies.
As a conductor and composer they played wind music and had pieces dedicated to him, including A Downland Suite by John Ireland. They composed works for various ensembles, such as orchestras, wind bands (military bands), brass bands and wrote works until shortly before their death.
Compositions
Works for orchestra
Bohemia, fantasy
Daddy Long-Legs
Dainty Lady, intermezzo
Dancing with the Daffodils
Perky Pizzicato, for strings
Scherzo - on a Newfoundland song
The Killigrew's Soirée
Tobacco Suite
Military Shag, march
Old Havana, tango
Snuff, scherzo
Virginia, lullaby
Irish Twist
Works for wind orchestras and brass bands
1935 Pride of Race, suite ( featured at the National Brass Band Championships in 1935 and at the Open Brass Band Championships in 1945)
1936 Homage to Liszt
1938 Irish Merry
1944 Peddars' Way
1968 Dancing Valley
1968 The Killigrew's Soirée
1971 A Rhapsody for Leicastershire
Chamber music
The Brushwood Squirrel, for violin and piano
Works for Piano
Six Fantasy Pictures from a Pantomime, suite
References
1899 births
1975 deaths
English conductors (music)
British male conductors (music)
20th-century British composers
English male classical composers
Alumni of the University of Sheffield
BBC people
Musicians from Norfolk
20th-century British conductors (music)
20th-century British male musicians
Three Men Walking is an album by American composer, composer, saxophone and clarinet player Joe Maneri with guitarist Joe Morris and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 1995 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Stacia Proefrock awarded the album 4 stars stating "The music here is radically creative without being inaccessible, a beautiful example of innovation in jazz".
Track listing
All compositions by Joe Maneri except as indicated
"Calling" - 3:15
"What's New?" (Johnny Burke, Bob Haggart) - 9:47
"Bird's in the Belfry" (Joe Maneri, Mat Maneri, Joe Morris) - 6:54
"If Not Now" (Morris) - 3:22
"Let Me Tell You" (Maneri, Maneri, Morris) - 2:04
"Through a Glass Darkly" - 4:58
"Three Men Walking" (Maneri, Maneri, Morris) - 5:24
"Deep Paths" (Maneri, Maneri, Morris) - 9:16
"Diuturnal" - 3:34
"Fevered" (Maneri, Maneri, Morris) - 5:40
"Gestalt" - 2:40
"To Anne's Eyes" (Morris) - 2:07
"Arc and Point" (Maneri, Maneri, Morris) - 5:06
"For Josef Schmid" - 2:09
Recorded at Hardstudios in Winterthur, Switzerland in October/November 1995
Personnel
Joe Maneri - clarinet, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, piano
Joe Morris - electric guitar
Mat Maneri - electric 6-string violins
References
1996 albums
ECM Records albums
Joe Maneri albums
Robert Whitaker or Whittaker may refer to:
Robert Whittaker (fighter) (born 1990), Australian mixed martial artist
Robert Whitaker (equestrian) (born 1983), British showjumper
Robert Whitaker (author) (active since 1989), American author
Robert Whitaker (surgeon) (active since 1973), British author, surgeon and anatomist
Robert Whitaker (photographer) (1939–2011), British photographer
Robert Whittaker (cricketer) (1908–1990), English cricketer
Robert Whittaker (American football) (1904–1990), American football player and coach
Robert Whittaker (ecologist) (1920–1980), American vegetation ecologist
Robert Whittaker (British Army officer) (1894–1967), British Army major
Robert Whitaker (minister) (1863–1944), Baptist minister and political activist
See also
Bob Whittaker (born 1939), U.S. representative from Kansas
Bob Whitaker (died 2017), segregationist and proponent of the white genocide conspiracy theory
Excavation may refer to:
Digging
Excavation (archaeology)
Excavation (medicine)
Excavation (The Haxan Cloak album), 2013
Excavation (Ben Monder album), 2000
Excavation (novel), a 2000 novel by James Rollins
Excavation: A Memoir, a 2014 memoir by Wendy C. Ortiz
See also
Excavate (disambiguation)
Excavator (disambiguation)
Excavata, a taxonomic grouping of eukaryotic unicellular organisms
Celaenia excavata, a spider
Harry Forbes was an American cinematographer whose career spanned the silent and sound eras. Their first film was 1915's The Victory of Virtue, billed as Harry W. Forbes.
Forbes died on August 17, 1939, shortly after the release of the final film they worked on, Death Goes North.
Selected filmography
Little Miss Nobody (1917)
The Little Terror (1917)
Beggar's Holiday (1934)
Marrying Widows (1934)
A Million Dollar Haul (1935)
References
External links
American cinematographers
1888 births
1939 deaths
Jasper Swift (died 20 January 1620) was the archdeacon of Cornwall and Archdeacon of Totnes.
Educated at Christ Church, Oxford, they matriculated in 1590/1, graduating B.A. in 1594 and M.A. in 1599/1600. They were awarded B.D. and D.D. in 1615/16 and became rector of St. Erme, Cornwall in 1603 and of Powderham, Devon in 1612. They became prebendary of Exeter cathedral in 1613, archdeacon of Cornwall July–October 1616, and archdeacon of Totnes from 1616, until their death on 20 January 1619/20.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Archdeacons of Cornwall
1620 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Armadillidium teramense is a European species of woodlouse endemic to Italy. It belongs to the "Orthotrigoniae" section of the genus and is currently known only from the type series.
Taxonomy
Armadilliidum teramense was described as a distinct species of Armadillidium in 1933, based on specimens collected from the Province of Teramo. It belongs to the "Orthotrigoniae" section of the genus, which is characterized by rib-like side edges of the forehead that never form a "frontal brim" along with the frontal shield, a frontal triangle with an upper margin that lies on the horizontal continuation of the head and anterior lobes of the first pair of epimera that bend upwards.
Description
Armadillidium teramense is a medium-sized species, reaching maximum dimensions of about 15.3 mm in length. Its tergites are completely smooth and kind-of matte. The coloration of the body is uniformly grey all over its upper surface. The frontal shield doesn't surpass the anterior edge of the head, is tightly pressed against it (leaving only a small gap visible), has a nearly straight upper margin and doesn't bear lateral angles. The secondary antennae have thick lobes that doesn't bend backwards and are deeply furrowed in an arch at their posterior surface. The hind margins of the first pair of epimera have pronounced, deep, obtuse angles. The telson is triangular and has a narrowly rounded tip.
Concerning the sexual characters of the male, the seventh pereiopod is slightly indented ventrally and decorated with a hair-field at its apical part. The posterior lobe of the exopodite of the first pleopod is triangular and the apex of the endopodite bends slightly outwards.
Distribution
Armadillidium terramense is endemic to Southern Italy. Specifically, until now, all the known specimens have been collected in the Province of Teramo.
Ecology
Almost nothing is known about the ecological preferences and biology of Armadillidium teramense. The only known details concern the collection data of the type series, which was found under sandstones on loamy-sandy soil, on the desolate, grassy mountain slopes of Teramo.
References
Woodlice
Woodlice of Europe
Crustaceans described in 1933
The United States Marine Corps Designated Marksman Rifle (DMR, NSN 1005-01-458-6235; more formally the United States Rifle, Caliber 7.62 mm, M14, DMR) is a semi-automatic, gas-operated rifle chambered for the 7.62×51mm NATO cartridge. It is a modified version of the M14 rifle formerly used by the United States Marine Corps. The USMC Precision Weapons Section at Marine Corps Base Quantico built all DMRs.
The Marine Corps replaced the DMR with the M39 Enhanced Marksman Rifle on a one-for-one basis.
History
In 1989, the USMC began a program to upgrade M14s not decommissioned into DMRs by designing them with fiberglass stocks and new barrels. This was done by the Precision Weapons Section.
Design
The DMR was issued with match-grade M118LR 175-grain Long Range ammunition. It can have various scopes attached on the upper receiver, including the/PVS-4 Starlight scope, via picatinny rail.
The DMR can fire precisely up to 1,000 yards if M118LR special ball ammo is used.
The "basic" DMR (i.e., without secondary sight, magazine, sling, basic issue items, cleaning gear, suppressor and bipod) weighs or less.
The DMR design facilitates repairing or replacing of the sight mount, barrel, bolt, and other key assemblies at the third echelon maintenance level.
Specifications
There are several notable differences between the basic M14 and the DMR.
Barrel: A stainless steel, match-grade barrel by Krieger Barrels, Inc.
Stock: McMillan Tactical M2A fiberglass stock. This particular stock features a pistol grip and a buttstock with adjustable saddle cheekpiece.
Optics: An over-action MIL-STD-1913 Picatinny rail allows for the use of any optic compatible with the rail; this includes a rather large variety of military scopes and imaging devices.
Muzzle device: Most DMRs utilize the traditional M14 muzzle device, although since deployment in 2001, some DMRs are now equipped with the OPS, Inc. 2-port muzzle brake, which is threaded and collared to accept an OPS-Inc. 12th Model sound suppressor.
Bipod: A Harris S-L bipod is used on the USMC DMR.
Combat use
The DMR was previously used by Marine Corps FAST Companies and by the 4th Marine Expeditionary Brigade (Anti-Terrorism). Explosive Ordnance Disposal Teams use them to safely shoot at mines or other types of explosives that cannot be disarmed from a safe distance.
The DMR was previously used by USMC Scout Sniper Teams.
See also
The M21 and M25 Sniper Weapons Systems, also based on the M14
United States Army Squad Designated Marksman Rifle
M110 Semi-Automatic Sniper System
References
Bibliography
7.62×51mm NATO semi-automatic rifles
Designated marksman rifles
Rifles of the United States
United States Marine Corps equipment
Estádio Mahafil is a multi-purpose stadium in Maputo, Mozambique. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Grupo Desportivo Mahafil. The stadium holds 4,000 people.
References
Costa do Sol
Multi-purpose stadiums in Mozambique
Buildings and structures in Maputo
Sport in Maputo
Steamer Company Number 5 is a former Richmond fire station located at 200 West Marshall Street in Richmond, Virginia.
Designed by Richmond City Engineer Wilfred Emory Cutshaw, the building has a triangular plan to conform to the shape of its lot at the intersection of Brook Road and Marshall Street. Constructed of brick on a foundation of granite ashlar and covered with stucco which was scored to simulate stone, Steamer Company Number 5 is a late example of the Italianate style. This is a decorative fashion the building shares with many houses in the surrounding Jackson Ward area it served as firehouse from 1883 to 1968.
Built in 1883 to continue the function of fire fighting and police station for the Jackson Ward neighborhood begun in 1849 by a previous building on the site, Steamer Company Number 5 combines the unique local form of two-bow-front houses with municipal functionality. The late use of the Italianate style is typical of municipal schools and other buildings constructed by the city during the period. The style can be observed as late as 1896, in Richmond's Randolph Street School.
The building is now home to Gallery 5, an arts center, and was the former home of the Virginia Fire & Police Museum, which covered Virginia fire and police history with collections include antique fire apparatus, historic photos, and artifacts dating from 1790 to the present.
References
Fire stations completed in 1883
Government buildings completed in 1883
Defunct fire stations in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond, Virginia
Buildings and structures in Richmond, Virginia
Italianate architecture in Virginia
Fire stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Arnold Buffum Chace (November 10, 1845 – February 28, 1932) was an American textile business person, mathematics scholar, and eleventh chancellor of Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island.
Family
Arnold was born November 10, 1845, in Cumberland, Rhode Island. Their paternal grandfather Oliver Chace was founder of the Valley Falls textile company, which later became Berkshire Hathaway. Their parents Samuel Buffington Chace and Elizabeth Buffum Chace were Quakers and prominent anti-slavery activists. Their maternal grandfather, Arnold Buffum, was president of the New England Anti-Slavery Society. Their sister Lillie became an author and social reformer.
Arnold married Eliza Chace Greene, daughter of Christopher A. and Sarah A. Greene, on October 24, 1871. Their three children were: Malcolm Greene Chace, Edward Gould Chace, cotton manufacturer, and Margaret Chace, wife of Russell S. Rowland, M.D. of Detroit, MI.
Academics
Arnold Buffum Chace received their bachelor's degree from Brown University in 1866 and a Doctor of Science from Brown in 1892. They also studied for one year at the École de Médecine in Paris. Chace taught physics and mathematics for one term at Brown (1868–69), before having to interrupt their career to handle the family textile business. They remained involved in leadership at Brown for most of their life. In 1876, they were elected trustee; in 1882 they became treasurer; and in 1907 they were elected Chancellor.
Chace's lifelong passion was mathematics. They wrote many articles on mathematical subjects, including one called "A Certain Class of Cubic Surfaces Treated by Quaternions" in the Journal of Mathematics. They attended the International Mathematical Congress at Cambridge, England in 1912. Chace published their work on the Egyptian Rhind Papyrus in 1927 and 1929, at age 87.
Business and banking
Their academic career was interrupted in 1869, when they became responsible for their family's cotton mill on the death of a family member. In 1871, they became a director of Westminster Bank, and in 1894 they became its president. They were also a director of the National Bank of North America. During this time, they managed to attend mathematics classes at Harvard once a week.
Death and burial
Chace died in Providence, Rhode Island, on February 28, 1932 and is buried at Swan Point Cemetery.
References
External links
1845 births
1932 deaths
Brown University faculty
Harvard University alumni
Brown University alumni
Burials at Swan Point Cemetery
3TEETH is the debut studio album by the American industrial metal band 3Teeth, released in 2014 through Artoffact Records. Recording initially began in 2013 and the band spent the initial months of the writing and recording process getting to know each other's musical styles. Writing and recording took six months to complete once the band began to gel, but the initial process entailed much trial and error and half of the music which was written did not make it onto the album.
As the four were new to working together, visual arts played an important role in the creation of the music and eventually the music videos and live performance. "When you're creating something between four people all you really have is metaphor so it helps a lot to have visual parameters to guide those metaphors and so we can point and say… “make it sound more like this or more like that.”," Mincolla said. The track 'Master of Decay' was one example, coming about after keyboard and synth player Xavier began creating sounds to a visual of Mincolla's.
While the band were passionate about the album, they were unsure how it would be received. "When we decided we were going to take six months to write an album, I knew we could create hype around it. I knew we were going to love the album, but I didn't know other people were going to be as excited about it," Mincolla said.
Upon release, the album received widespread praise, with LA Weekly comparing the band to well-known industrial artists such as Ministry, Nine-Inch Nails, and Skinny Puppy. Frontman Mincolla described the inspiration for the album as "the human frailty that often defines current events." The album reached the top-10 on iTunes top albums and the band quickly expanded from their first live performance in June 2014 to performing internationally.
Two years after the album's release, 3Teeth embarked on the 2016 Tool tour after being hand-selected as openers by Tool guitarist Adam Jones. Jones had seen the band perform at The Viper Room in LA and was excited to bring the band on tour. "They are a brutal and intense entity dripping with talent on stage and I can't wait for our fans to witness the mayhem for themselves," Jones said of the band's live performance.
Track listing
All music composed by 3Teeth, except "Dust" and "Unveiled" which are co-written by Yöri Bjártsdöttir.
Personnel
3Teeth
Alexis Mincolla – Vocals, Design
Xavier Swafford – Keyboards, Mixing, Mastering
Chase Brawner – Guitars
Andrew Means – Drums
Additional personnel
Terezie Kovalova – Cello
Chad Collier – Additional Guitars
Michael Keene – Additional Guitars
Yöri Bjártsdöttir – Additional Vocals
References
2014 debut albums
3Teeth albums
Akanthophoreidae is a family of crustaceans belonging to the order Tanaidacea.
Genera:
Akanthophoreus Sieg, 1986
Brixia (crustacean) Jóźwiak, Drumm, Bird & Błażewicz, 2018
Chauliopleona Dojiri & Sieg, 1997
Mimicarhaphura Sieg, 1986
Parakanthophoreus Larsen & Araújo-Silva, 2014
Paraleptognathia Kudinova-Pasternak, 1981
Saurotipleona Bird, 2015
Stenotanais Bird & Holdich, 1984
Tumidochelia Knight, Larsen & Heard, 2003
References
Tanaidacea
Crustacean families
Adam Pearson Armstrong (23 February 1788 – 28 September 1853) was an early European settler in the Perth suburb of Dalkeith, Western Australia. The suburb is named after Armstrong's cottage. Armstrong influenced development in the Swan River colony with properties in both Dalkeith and in their later property in Ravenswood.
Early life
Armstrong was born on 23 February 1788 in Smeaton, near Dalkeith, Midlothian, Scotland. Their middle name "Pearson" was not on their birth certificate.
In 1810 they married Margaret Gow, whose father Nathaniel Gow (1763–1831) and grandfather Niel Gow (1727–1807) were celebrated Scottish musicians. Musical interests were evident in the family, and a harmonium they brought out is displayed, with other family memorabilia, in the Azelia Ley Homestead Museum in Hamilton Hill.
In 1811, Armstrong bought a part of the Drum coalfield in Scotland. However the Drum Colliery Company failed due to flooding issues and the availability of cheaper coal from England. Armstrong moved their family to England and then to Wales. In Wales, their last position prior to moving to London was as an agent for William Edward Powell, who owned the Nanteos estate. Such was the friendship between the two that when Armstrong's only daughter was born they named them after Powell's wife Laura. Armstrong was dismissed from Nanteos and went to London, where they found clerical work with Thomas Peel at 1 Eagle Place, Piccadilly.
Peel was taking up an offer by Captain James Stirling to provide free settlers the opportunity to move to the new settlement on the Swan River in Western Australia.
It was reported they later commanded a Highland Regiment at the Battle of Waterloo (1815). However claims towards having lost an eye in the battle have been dismissed, as they were in Edinburgh forestalling bankruptcy just months before, and had no time to 'pursue a military career to the rank and prestige that was attributed to him'.
Australia
Peel had been promised land grants if they arrived at the colony before 1 November 1829, but on arrival with the Armstrongs on on 15 December 1829 discovered this land had been given to someone else. Their other ships, and , were also carrying settlers so they were persuaded to accept an area of land named Clarence, between the present day suburbs of Mandurah and Rockingham and inland to Pinjarra. Armstrong was Peel's surveyor and they took up a parcel of land with good water to establish a farm on the Murray River that they named Ravenswood, establishing one of many Scottish connections. The family struggled to survive initially, in shelters made of wooden horse stalls, barrels and canvas, and eating food mostly brought by English ships. Attempts at farming were unsuccessful because of winter flooding and the theft of stock, so six families who had hoped to live there all returned to Perth and Fremantle.
Armstrong acquired land in Fremantle, lot numbers P99 and P84 around Thompson Street, Harbour Street Laneway and Quarry Street. They had befriended Captain Currie, the harbour master who lived on Crawley Bay, and the Armstrong children were to stay there until their father found a better place. Armstrong had no money for provisions, relying on loans to buy food for their family. They were granted Swan Location 85 comprising on 18 September 1831. They dug the water well that can still be seen at the site, built a cottage on the foreshore using limestone from the cliff, becoming Nedlands' first European settler.
The surrounding bush and pastureland was cultivated successfully by the Armstrong family, with Adam naming their new home Dalkeith Cottage after the Scottish town where they grew up. When they came to sell their land in 1838, they had developed a farm of about on the fertile soil of the foreshore of Melville Water. The farm vines were expected to produce of grapes and, as well as other fruit and vegetables with over of melons, and as a goat run it was unsurpassed.
While the Dalkeith farm was successful and recognised throughout the colony, it could not grow wheat or support enough cattle to sustain their family. In October 1853, Dalkeith Cottage of of land with a garden of was offered for sale or let, with vines and melons, with buildings and stockyard, to 'be sold a bargain, as the present proprietor is going to the Murray'.
Later life
Armstrong had several children, of whom six survived:
Francis (Frank) Fraser Armstrong, 22 February 1813 – 22 May 1897, born in Edinburgh, married Mary Ann Mews, with at least fourteen children. They served as a police officer, school principal, and an 'Interpreter to the Natives'
George Drummond Armstrong, 1817–1886, born in England; married Mary Ann Kenton (died 31 March 1861)
John Gow Armstrong, 1818 – 22 March 1853, born in Wales, married Eleanor Kenton, died at Murray River
Laura Powell Armstrong, 1819–1901, born in Wales; married Thomas Montgomery
Adam Armstrong, 1821–1902, born in Wales; married Louisa Jones
Christopher Armstrong, 1823–1897, born in Wales; married Mary Cooper.
Upon leaving Dalkeith, Armstrong returned to their former cottage at Ravenswood, Murray River, where they spent their remaining days in relative prosperity. They died there "after a long and painful illness" (also given as "Paralysis and general decay of nature") on 28 September 1853, when they were 65 years.
Posterity
The name Dalkeith has survived and now refers to the Perth suburb now considered one of the most expensive and wealthiest in Australia. It is also considerably larger than Armstrong's initial land grant. The oldest maps name the area Melville Waters, with early settlers actually living in what was called Claremont. Later, city developers tried to sell the township of South Nedlands, but the name Dalkeith survived, as a legacy of Armstrong, the first settler. Their descendants still have strong connections to the Murray area as well as spreading all over the world. While the initial link with Dalkeith was broken, some descendants have since returned and made their own contributions to the City of Nedlands community.
References
Settlers of Western Australia
1788 births
1853 deaths
West Wapei Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. The West Wapei languages (also called the One language) are spoken in this LLG.
Wards
01. Kabore (One language speakers)
02. Molmo (One language speakers)
03. Pelama
04. Kakoi (One language speakers)
05. Yebil
06. Inebu (One language speakers)
07. Mokai
08. Karaitem
09. Minate
10. Sibote
11. Miwaute
12. Wabute
13. Kupuom
14. Wigote
15. Kumnate
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
In medicine, infusion therapy deals with all aspects of fluid and medication infusion, via intravenous or subcutaneous application. A special infusion pump can be used for this purpose.
A fenestrated catheter is most frequently inserted into the localized area to be treated.
There are a range of delivery methods for infusion of drugs via catheter:
Electronic Pump: Drugs are often pre-mixed from vials and stored in infusion bags to be delivered by electronic pump.
Elastomeric pump
Pre-Filled Infusion Therapy: with this latest technology, a unit dose can be metered to the location from a pre-filled container.
Infusion therapy has a range of medical applications including sedation, anesthesia, post-operative analgesic pain management, chemotherapy, and treatment of infectious diseases
Advantages of infusion therapy over other non-site-specific delivery methodologies are primarily efficacy through precision of medication delivery.
New standards for infusible pharmaceuticals have been achieved in recent years with the advent of pre-filled, ready-to-use, dose-specific products. Advanced aseptic presentation, with hermetically sealed containers, allows predictable sterility, ease of use, improved control, and lower total costs. Essentially, systematizing the delivery mechanism and standardizing the delivery container.
Treatments
Infusion therapy involves the administration of medication through a needle or catheter. Typically, "infusion therapy" means that a drug is administered intravenously or subcutaneously. The term may pertain where drugs are provided through other non-oral routes of administration, such as intramuscular injection and epidural administration (into the membranes surrounding the spinal cord).
Until the 1980s, patients receiving infusion therapy often had to remain in an inpatient setting for the duration of their therapy. New technologies and heightened emphasis on cost containment in health care, as well as developments in the clinical administration of the therapy, led to strategies to administer infusion therapy in alternate settings (at clinics and at home) in an effort to reduce hospital readmissions.
References
Routes of administration
David Elm may refer to:
David Elm or Ulmus davidiana, a tree
David Elm (footballer) (born 1983), Swedish footballer
ICHS may refer to:
Ilford County High School, Ilford, England
Immaculate Conception High School (disambiguation)
Inveralmond Community High School, Livingston, Scotland
Indian Creek High School (Wintersville, Ohio), United States
InTech Collegiate High School, North Logan, Utah, United States
Integrative Center for Homeland Security, at Texas A&M University
Claudio F. Zulianello (born May 29, 1965) is a former Argentinian volleyball player who represented their native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, claiming the bronze medal with the men's national team.
External links
1965 births
Argentine men's volleyball players
Living people
Olympic volleyball players of Argentina
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Argentina
Place of birth missing (living people)
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
William Wallace (February 4, 1820 – August 28, 1887) was a Canadian journalist and political figure. They represented Norfolk South in the House of Commons of Canada from 1872 to 1882 as a Conservative member.
They were born near Galston, Ayrshire, Scotland, the son of John Wallace, and came to Canada around 1840. Wallace settled at Simcoe, Ontario and established a newspaper there, the British Canadian, as well as operating a printing business. They also opened a bookstore and occupied various posts associated with railways. Wallace served on the school board for Simcoe and also served as reeve, mayor and as a member of the council for Norfolk County. In 1852, they married Mary Ann Kent.
They did not run in the 1874 general election but won a by-election later that same year after the election was appealed. Wallace was defeated in 1882.
References
1820 births
1887 deaths
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Mayors of places in Ontario
Scottish emigrants to Canada
Six is the title of Loverboy's sixth studio album, released in 1997. It is the band's first album with new material since 1987, and their last album to feature the original lineup, as bassist Scott Smith died in a boating accident in 2000.
Track listing
"Big Picture" (Dean, Reno, Smith, Kevin McKenzie) – 4:42
"Love of Money" (Dean, Reno) – 4:01
"Secrets" (Dean, Reno, Alex Chuaqui) – 5:12
"Waiting for the Night" (Dean, Reno) – 4:27
"Nobody Cares" (Dean, Reno, Doug Johnson) – 5:29
"Goodbye Angel" (David Steele, Kenny Gitros) – 4:36
"Create a Monster" (Dean, Reno, Alex Chaqui) – 4:11
"Hair of the Dog" (Dean, Reno, Smith, Frenette) – 4:33
"Maybe Someday" (Dean, Kevin McKenzie) – 5:17
"Spinnin' My Wheels" (Dean, Reno) – 4:47
"So Much for Love" (Dean, Reno, Geraldo Dominelli, Gerry Doucette) – 3:58
"Tortured" (Dean, Reno, Doug Johnson, Kevin McKenzie) – 6:01
"Domino Effect" (Dean, Reno, Manny Carlton) – 4:13 [Japan bonus track]
Personnel
All information from the album booklet.
Loverboy
Mike Reno – lead vocals, producer
Paul Dean – guitar, vocals, producer, recording, mixing
Doug Johnson – keyboards on "Spinnin' My Wheels" and "Tortured"
Scott Smith – bass, vocals
Matt Frenette – drums
Additional musicians
Norm Fisher – bass
Eric Webster – keyboards on "So Much For Love"
Richard Sera – keyboards, vocals
Production
Paul Baker – engineering
Marc Ramaer – engineering
Craig Waddell – mastering
Ralph Alfonso – design
Annamaria DiSanto – photography
George Lembesis – photography
References
1997 albums
Loverboy albums
CMC International albums
CKEZ-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 97.9 FM in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia. The station airs an classic/active rock format branded as Q97.9. The station is owned by the Stingray Group which also owns sister station CKEC-FM.
History
On May 9, 2012, Hector Broadcasting Company received a licence from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to operate a new English language FM radio station in New Glasgow/Pictou County.
The station began broadcasting on September 15, 2014, as Classic Rock 97.9. In November 2017, it was announced that pending approval by the CRTC, this station and its sister CKEC were to be purchased by Newcap Radio, and was included in the sale of Newcap stations to Stingray Group.
On January 15, 2021, the station rebranded as Q97.9, as part of a merger of branding and programming with Halifax sister station CFRQ-FM.
References
External links
Q97.9
KEZ
New Glasgow, Nova Scotia
KEZ
Radio stations established in 2012
2012 establishments in Nova Scotia
KEZ
Dying to Remember is a 1993 American made-for-television thriller drama film directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman and starring Melissa Gilbert and Ted Shackelford.
Plot
Lynn Matthews (Melissa Gilbert) is a Manhattan-based successful clothing designer who has recurring nightmares of a woman (Kat Green) falling down an elevator shaft. They decide to visit Dr. James Portman (Jay Robinson) and undergoes hypnotherapy, during which they learn that the woman falling is Lynn themselves in their previous life, pushed down the shaft by a man in San Francisco in 1963. The nightmares cause them to start slacking at work, and their boss Denise (Babz Chula) forces them to take a six week vacation to recover. They decide to take the time off to travel to San Francisco and find out who the lady in their dreams is. They locate the building quickly and the same night learns in their dream that the woman is named Mary Ann.
The next day, Lynn visits the archives and finds out that there was one woman named Mary Ann who died in 1963. The lady in question was 20 years old at the time, single, and committed suicide. Lynn is confused about their marital status and cause of death, because in their dreams they vividly remember the girl wearing a wedding ring and being pushed by a man. They decide to visit the police, where Inspector Jeff Alberts (Scott Plank) insists on taking their case. They pull up old files and notices that the case was handled by their colleague Daniel Corso (Christopher Stone). They decide to speak with them about the case, but Corso believes there is no reason to re-open it. Lynn then locates Mary Ann's marriage records, which show that they were married to Mark Gage (Ted Shackelford), a prominent real estate developer. They quickly inform Alberts about their discovery, but they grow suspicious of their insistence on finding out the truth, considering that they told them that they were merely doing research for their mother's homecoming class reunion. Corso alerts Gage on Lynn's snooping, and they are clearly concerned.
By accident, Lynn bumps into Gage and realizes that they met them days earlier in New York, when their cab accidentally ran into him. They follow them and retrieves their files that they signed at their office, and then compares their handwriting to a letter written to them by Mary Ann. Struck by their similar looks to Mary Ann, they invite them over for dinner, then catches them going through their stuff in their house. They ask them about their true motives for contacting him, but Lynn quickly leaves.
Throughout the process of gathering evidence, Lynn is repeatedly harassed by an unknown person. When someone slashes their tires, they think Gage is behind it and tells Alberts about their suspicions. They dig up further information about the case and discovers that Mary Ann was pregnant at the time of their death. When confronting Corso with their gathered information, they admit having withhold information because it would have crushed their religious parents, then allows them to re-open the case. Afterwards, they immediately contacts Gage, telling them they have to kill Lynn like they killed Mary Ann. Corso leads Lynn to the same elevator shaft they pushed Mary Ann into, and is about to lead them to the same fate when suddenly Gage appears and threatens to kill him. Gage reveals that they indeed are married to Mary Ann, which caused a scandal with their wealthy family. Their family then hired Corso to pay Mary Ann enough money to leave Gage, but they refused and threatened to go to the police, at which point they killed them Gage then kept quiet in order to protect their father. A shootout ensues, during which Gage is shot. Lynn fights Corso off and they eventually fall to their death in the elevator shaft.
Cast
Melissa Gilbert as Lynn Matthews
Ted Shackelford as Mark Gage
Scott Plank as Inspector Jeff Alberts
Christopher Stone as Daniel 'Dan' Corso
Jay Robinson as Dr. James Portman
Kat Green as Mary Ann Emerson
Wade Anderson as Young Mark Gage
Sandra Nelson as Kelsey Daniels
Babz Chula as Denise Ralston
James Kidnie as Desk Sergeant
Peter Williams as New York cabbie
Alvin Sanders as San Francisco cabbie
Brian Knox McGugan as Young Dan Corso
Reception
Reviewer of Variety wrote: "You would think that past-life regression would open up fresh angles for a murder mystery, but routine execution undermines Dying to Remember, a wooden movie with a smart title."
In their memoir, Gilbert called the film "a stinker".
References
External links
1993 television films
1993 films
1990s thriller drama films
American thriller drama films
Films set in New York City
Films set in San Francisco
Films shot in Vancouver
Films directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman
USA Network original films
1993 drama films
American drama television films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
1973 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 67th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1973 in water polo
1973 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Lonnie "LeeRoy" Yarbrough (September 17, 1938 – December 7, 1984) was an American stock car racer. Their best season was 1969 when they won seven races, tallied 21 finishes in the top-ten and earned $193,211 ($ when inflation is taken into account). During their entire career from 1960–1972, they competed in 198 races, scoring fourteen wins, 65 finishes in the top-five, 92 finishes in the top-ten, and ten pole positions. Yarbrough also competed in open-wheel racing, making 5 starts in the USAC Championship cars, including 3 Indianapolis 500s, with the best finish of 3rd at Trenton Speedway in 1970. Their racing number was 98. When asked about their passion, Yarbrough described racing as "what I call my life."
Yarbrough was admitted to a mental institution on March 7, 1980 after trying to kill their mother by strangulation. All attempts to rehabilitate them (both in Florida or in North Carolina) failed and LeeRoy eventually died in 1984 after a fall. In 1990, they were inducted into the National Motorsports Press Association's Hall of Fame at Darlington Raceway in South Carolina. LeeRoy Yarbrough is not related to NASCAR champion Cale Yarborough.
Career
Early stock car career
Yarbrough grew up on the west side of Jacksonville, Florida, and developed an affinity for speed at an early age. When they were sixteen years-old, Yarbrough put together their first car, a 1934 Ford coupe with a Chrysler engine. When they were 19, Yarbrough found their way to a local dirt track. They won that race at Jacksonville Speedway in the spring of 1957. Racing at Jacksonville Speedway Park on Saturday nights Yarborough developed a penchant for carrying excess speed into the third turn and diving under any car that was ahead of him. They would then slide through the turn and run the straightway 1" from the concrete wall. The style was evident in many of their last lap wins throughout their career.
Yarbrough started their racing career in NASCAR's lower tier Sportsman division. After winning 11 races, Yarbrough moved up to the more powerful Modifieds and won 83 features in a three-year span.
Yarbrough won two short-track races in the 1964 NASCAR Grand National season, the first year they competed in more than 14 races. Two years later, Yarbrough scored their first superspeedway win at Charlotte. Driving an unsponsored and lightly regarded Dodge Charger owned by Jon Thorne, Yarbrough dominated the race, leading for 450 of the in the October 16 National 500. Factory-backed rides followed. Their Junior Johnson-owned Ford team started out poorly early in the 1968 season. LeeRoy rebounded and won at Atlanta and Trenton.
1969 and later
In the 1969 Daytona 500, Yarbrough found themselves trailing Charlie Glotzbach by 11 seconds with ten laps remaining. On the final lap, Yarbrough ducked to the low side to make the pass, but a lapped car was in that lane. Yarbrough dived to the low side in turn 3 to clear the lapped car, nearly clipping the apron. They took the lead from Glotzbach and dashed under the checkered flag a car length in front to win the Daytona 500. Next, they won Darlington's Rebel 400 in the final four laps, then won Charlotte's World 600, lapping the entire field at least twice. They also bagged the summer 400-miler at Daytona, prevailing in a late-race battle with Buddy Baker, making them the third driver in NASCAR history to sweep both Daytona races. Yarbrough won the summer race at Atlanta International Raceway despite a 102-degree fever. They captured The Southern 500 by passing David Pearson on the last lap. They won by a full lap at Rockingham in October, overcoming a lap deficit when a flat tire sent them into the wall. By season's end, Yarbrough had seven wins to their credit and was named American Driver of The year.
After their successful 1969 season, Yarbrough's performance record trailed off. A victim of the factory withdrawal, Yarbrough had to scramble to locate rides in Grand National events. They won once in 1970 at Charlotte Motor Speedway, and only entered six races in 1971. In 1972, they accepted a ride in a Ford owned by independent campaigner Bill Seifert. They registered nine top 10 finishes in 18 starts. Yarbrough showed up for Daytona's 1973 Speedweeks, but failed to earn a starting berth for the Daytona 500. They virtually dropped out of sight after that, never again showing up at a NASCAR event.
Later career and life
A hard test crash, April 1970, at the old Texas World Speedway in College Station, Texas left them disoriented. They could not remember fellow driver Cale Yarborough picking them up in Texas a few days later and flying them home. They also could not remember flying on to Martinsville, or running in the race at Martinsville.
Junior Johnson, who considered them the best driver they ever had, was determined to find out what was wrong. "He could remember everything from 1970 back, nothing forward," Johnson said. "And, it seemed like it just happened all at once. You'd go to dinner with him, and they'd put a plate of food in front of him, and he'd just sit, and look at it, until you said, 'Lee Roy, eat.' Then, he'd pick up their knife and fork."
Yarbrough showed well in a few Indy Car starts, leading the inaugural California 500 at Ontario Motor Speedway late before dropping out, and then finishing 3rd at Trenton Speedway in 1971. After competing in 3 Indianapolis 500s in 1967, '69 and '70, Yarbrough was driving a Dan Gurney Eagle in practice for the 1971 500 when they spun and crashed hard in turn one. Yarbrough spent the next few months, June through November, in and out of the hospital with many different ailments and memory problems. They were rumoured to have contracted Rocky Mountain spotted fever from a tick bite, and also drank alcohol heavily. They most likely suffered brain trauma from the crashes in Texas and Indianapolis. Many drivers would have different theories on the cause of Yarbrough's declining mental health, one example being Ray Fox saying “Racing happened to Lee Roy. Just too many crashes. And they sent them off the deep end.” James Hylton would blame “that doggone tick. The Rocky Mountain spotted fever—if it goes untreated, it's a mental thing, and it'll drive you insane. They gave Lee Roy so much medication when they finally did treat it that it eventually caused their death. They just deteriorated to the point where they were unmanageable. The man did not deserve that. Lee Roy was one of the good ones.”
On a Thursday evening in February 1980, Yarbrough and their mother, Minnie were watching TV together when out of nowhere, Yarbrough would say "Mother, I hate to do this to you." Minnie replied, "What do you mean?" Yarbrough would proceed to strangle their mother, who was only saved by a nephew who had heard the screams and hit Yarbrough with a jelly jar on the head. A few minutes later, police arrested Yarbrough with charges of first-degree attempted murder for trying to kill their 65-year-old mother, plus assault on a police officer. Yarbrough was committed to the Florida State Hospital at Chattahoochee by Judge Hudson Oliff of Jacksonville on March 7, 1980, after they were tried for attempted first-degree murder of their mother and battery to a law-enforcement officer. Their mother, Minnie Yarbrough, testified that they had walked up to them and started strangling them for no reason. Judge Oliff ruled that Mr. Yarbrough was not guilty of attempted murder because they were unable to distinguish right from wrong at the time of the incident.
Death
While in the hospital on December 6, 1984, Yarbrough had a violent seizure and fell over striking their head. They fell unconscious immediately. They were rushed to Jacksonville's University Hospital where they died the morning of December 7, 1984. The doctors said they died of internal bleeding in the brain.
Motorsports career results
American open-wheel racing
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position)
USAC Championship Car
Indianapolis 500
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led. ** – All laps led.)
Grand National Series
Winston Cup Series
Daytona 500
Grand National East Series
References
External links
1938 births
1984 deaths
Burials in Florida
Indianapolis 500 drivers
NASCAR drivers
Racing drivers from Florida
Sportspeople from Jacksonville, Florida
The Daniel and Clarissa Baldwin House is a historic house located at 1018 Dugway Road in Spencertown, Columbia County, New York, United States.
Description and history
The house was built in about 1807, and is a two-story, five-bay wide, Federal style frame dwelling with a rear kitchen ell. It has a low pitched side gable roof and interior gable end chimneys. A front piazza supported by four Doric order columns was added about 1880. Also on the property are the contributing barn (c. 1835), ice house, stone dam, and garage.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 27, 2012.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Federal architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1807
Houses in Columbia County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, New York
The men's 5000 metres event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held on 22 and 24 August at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria, British Columbia.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Final
References
5000
1994
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Chastre. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Chastre
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Chastre
Chastre
Ruddell Bird "Rudd" Weatherwax (September 23, 1907 – February 25, 1985) was an American actor, animal trainer, and breeder. They and their brother Frank are best remembered for training dogs for motion pictures and television. Their collie, Pal, became the original Lassie, handled by Rudd for the 1943 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film Lassie Come Home. They also handled the dogs for the Lassie television series which ran from 1954 to 1974, and trained Spike for the 1957 feature film Old Yeller. After their death, their son, Robert, took over the training of the animals.
Weatherwax was also responsible for training the official New York Mets' team mascot in the 1960s, a beagle named Homer.
Biography
Weatherwax was born in Engle, New Mexico Territory, the son of Anna Elisa (née Wallis) and Walter Smiley Weatherwax.
Pal became a movie star through a weather-related event. MGM, which had decided to use a show collie trained by Frank Inn in the movie, took advantage of a massive flooding of the Sacramento River in northern California to obtain some spectacular footage for the film. Inn's collie was still in training, so MGM hired Pal as a stand-in for the river scene. Although the work was considered complicated for an animal actor, the dog performed exceptionally well. According to legend, after seeing the first prints, MGM head Louis B. Mayer stated that "Pal had entered the water, but Lassie had come out," and a new star was born.
MGM owned the rights to Lassie's name, but when the series of films ended, Weatherwax obtained those rights in lieu of their final year's salary and a little additional money. Therefore, they benefited from those rights during the program's 17-year run on CBS and additional broadcasts in syndication.
Legacy
Weatherwax was posthumously inducted into the New Mexico Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2012. They had two sons, Jackie
and Bob. They were the uncle of Ken Weatherwax, who played Pugsley Addams in The Addams Family television series.
References
Book
FOUR FEET TO FAME: A Hollywood Dog Trainer's Journey, by Bob Weatherwax and Richard Lester. Published 2017 by BearManor Media. .
External links
1907 births
1985 deaths
American male film actors
Burials at Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery
Dog trainers
Male actors from New Mexico
Male actors from Hollywood, Los Angeles
Place of death missing
People from Sierra County, New Mexico
20th-century American male actors
The Carvajal Ministry was a Spanish government which served between 1746 and 1754 during the reign of Ferdinand VI of Spain headed by José de Carvajal.
Contrasting with the previous anti-British emphasis of the Spanish government Carvajal was neutral and sought much better relations, a view shared by King Ferdinand. The government negotiated and signed the Anglo-Spanish Treaty of Madrid in 1750, resolving the issues that had taken them into the War of Jenkins' Ear. They also signed an agreement, ending a long-standing dispute with Portugal in South America.
The Ministry fell when Carvajal died in 1754, and was replaced by the short-lived Hueścar Ministry.
Spanish governments
1746 establishments in Spain
1754 disestablishments in Spain
18th century in Spain
A list of the earliest films produced in Azerbaijan SSR ordered by year of release in the 1940s:
Films:1918-1990 see also List of Soviet films
1940s
External links
Azerbaijani film at the Internet Movie Database
Azerbaycan Kinosu
1940
Lists of 1940s films
Films
Aung Tun Thet () is a Burmese economist, author, educator, and public speaker. They had worked in academia, government service, private sector and in the civil society. They have published over 30 books and writes regularly in the local press.
Aung Tun Thet has a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Rangoon University, a Master of Science in Operations Research from the University of Warwick, and a Ph.D in Management Sciences from the University of Manchester.  They are also a post-doctoral fellow at the University of Marburg.
 They are an advisor to the Republic of the Union of Myanmar Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industry (UMFCCI).  They are also Chairman of the UN Global Compact Network Myanmar and the National Contact Person of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Responsible Business Conduct.
They hold academic positions at the University of British Columbia, Yunnan University Institute of Myanmar Studies, Payap University, University of Yangon, Yangon University of Economics, and Myanmar Imperial University teach at post-graduate courses.  They are a well known public speaker delivering motivational talks to the general public. They published many books in English and Myanmar and is a regular columnist in the public media.
Career
1966-1977
After graduating from Yangon University of Economics in 1965, Aung Tun Thet joined the Department of Commerce and Administrative Studies at the Institute as a faculty member in 1966. In 1971, they were awarded the Colombo Plan State Scholarship and went to the United Kingdom for graduate studies. They obtained the Post-Graduate Diploma in Management Studies from Brighton Polytechnic with credit and distinctions in 1972. In 19723, they gained the Master of Science degree in Operations Research from University of Warwick. They then undertook doctoral research and in 1977, was awarded the Ph.D. degree from University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology in Management Sciences.
1977-1989
Aung Tun Thet continue to serve at the Department of Commerce and Administrative Studies, undertaking teaching, research and publications. They supervised post-graduate students and undertook research in the fields of Cooperatives, Health Economics, Health Systems Research, and Social Issues. They taught the students enrolled at the Post-graduate Diploma in Management and Administration Programme. They served as the consultant at the Ministry of Health and at World Health Organization South East Asian Regional Office in New Delhi, India. They also taught at the Post-Graduate Diploma in Tropical Medicine. At the University of Medicine (2), they taught Operations Research. They read many research papers at the annual Research Congresses as well at Burma Medical Association Conferences. They also served as the Advisor at the Ministry of Cooperatives and was instrumental for setting up the Central Cooperatives Training Institute. They were appointed as the Central Executive Committee (CEC) of Central Cooperative Society, and read research papers at their annual conferences.
In 1986, they were awarded the Alexander von-Humboldt Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship, and spent three years in West Germany undertaking research at the Phillips University of Marburg. The results of their research culminated in a book entitled “Burmese Entrepreneurship: Creative Response in the Colonial Economy”, published by the University of Heidelberg, They also served as a consultant at WHO Headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland.
In 1989, Prof. Aung Tun Thet was appointed the Director-General of the newly established Department of Planning and Statistics, at the Ministry of Health. Concurrently, they were appointed the Secretary of National Health Committee, a supra ministerial body headed by defacto-Prime Minister. They also served as Vice-President of Myanmar Children and Women Welfare Association. They initiated the accession of Myanmar to the Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC). They introduced the family planning programme for the first time in the country and also introduced the comprehensive cost-sharing programme for essential drugs. They participated at the Regional Health Ministers' meetings. They continue to teach at the Institute of Economics and Institute of Medicine. They also taught at the reorientation programmes for officials from Ministry of Education and Ministry of Health.
1992-2000
In 1992, they were appointed the Chief of Costs and Economics Unit at UNICEF, Headquarters in New York. Later, they served as the Senior Policy Advisor at Office of Social Policy. From 1997 to 2000, they served as the Senior Programme and Planning Officer for UNICEF, Country Office in Dhaka, Bangladesh. They then moved to Bangkok, Thailand as the Regional Planning and Policy Advisor at UNICEF Regional Office.
Shortly after, they were appointed the Principal Officer at the newly-opened UN Systems Staff College at Turin, Italy. They were in charge of the UN Country Team training and this capacity visited Asia, Europe, Middle East, Latin American and African countries, They were also a member of the UN Evaluation Offices Committee, They were involved with the promotion of the One-UN Initiative. They supervised the work on the United Nations Global Compact.
2008-2015
They retired from UN service in 2008 and returned to Myanmar. They were appointed as a consultant at UNICEF Country Office, Myanmar. They were involved with the post-Nargis response supporting the Tri-partite Core Group (TCG) activities in capacity building. Later in 2009, they were appointed as Senior Advisor the UN Resident Coordinator Office in Yangon, where they supported the coordination activities. They also taught at the Masters courses at Yangon University of Economics, Yangon University and National Defence College. They taught at the Department of International Relations at Yangon University and was the external examiner for six Ph.D. candidates.
In 2010, they were appointed as a Member of Legal and Special Affairs Commission at the Union-Level Parliament. Later they become President's Economic Advisor as well the Vice-Chairman of National Economic and Social Advisory Council (NESAC). They were also appointed as the Member of the Myanmar Investment Commission. (MIC). They worked on the Administrative Reform Process and help established the Myanmar Development Institute (MDI). They formed the UN Global Compact (UNGC) Network Myanmar, and UN Secretary-General Mr. Ban Ki-Moon inaugurated the launch of the Initiative in Myanmar. They also served as the Advisor at Union of Myanmar Federation of Chamber of Commerce and Industry (UMFCCI). They were awarded the Doctor of Letters (honoris causa) by the Yangon University of Commerce and also was appointed as the honorary professor at the University of British Columbia, Vancouver, Canada. They became a member of the UNESCO-India Mahatma Gandhi Institute for Peace, New Delhi India. They gave public seminars on economics, management and social sciences. They also served as the member of the Myanmar Press Council.
2015-Present
In 2016, they were appointed as a member of Peace Commission, and later as a Member of the Myanmar Investment Commission (MIC). At the Peace Commission. they were responsible for launching the Business for Peace (B4P) Initiative. In 2016, they served as a member of the Maungdaw Investigation Commission which was formed to examine the incidents in Rakhine after the ARSA attacks October and November. They represented Myanmar at the Myanmar Update 2017 Conference held at National University at Canberra, Australia. In 2017, they were appointed as the Chief Coordinator of Union Enterprise for Humanitarian, Resettlement and Development (UEHRD) in Rakhine State and concurrently as Member of UEHRD Committee. In 2018, they were appointed as a member of the Independent Commission of Enquiry (ICOE), looking into the aftermath of the incidents that occurred in August 2017.
They were also appointed as the Visiting Professor at Payap University, Chiangmai, Thailand. They continue to serve as the Advisor at UMFCCI.  They are teaching post-graduate students undertaking MPA, MBA, MBF and MDevS courses at Yangon University of Economics as well at Yangon University.He continues to give public seminars and also teaches at Strategy First University and Myanmar Imperial University. In 2019, they were invited to attend the Distinguished Guest Programme organized by Korean Foundation. They were appointed as the Academic Advisory Board Member of Institute of Myanmar Studies at Yunnan University, China in 2019.  They are also serving as Senior Advisor to the Executive Director of Korea Research Institute, University of New South Wales, Melbourne, Australia. In June 2020, Prof. Thet was awarded the Distinguished Teacher award by Ministry of Education.
Aung Tun Thet has continued conducting online and virtual learning seminars on management, leadership, and sustainable development, with foreign and local universities.
Personal Life
Aung Tun Thet was born in Bago, Myanmar on February 18, 1945.  They are the eldest son of Colonel Pe Thet and Daw Tin Nyut.
Aung Tun Thet is married to Daw Swe Swe Thein. They have one daughter Thet-Htar Thet. Their daughter is now attending Columbia University School of Public and International Affairs, majoring in Development Practice.
Education
University of Yangon, B.Com, 1965
University of Brighton, Post-Graduate Diploma in Management Studies, 1972
University of Warwick, M.Sc. Operations Research, 1973
University of Manchester, Ph.D. in Management Sciences , 1977
University of Marburg, Post-Doctoral Research Fellow, 1986-1988
Yangon University of Economics, D.Litt., 2014
References
Alumni of the University of Warwick
Burmese economists
University of Yangon alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Alumni of the University of Manchester
Alumni of the Manchester Business School
Burch v. Louisiana, 441 U.S. 130 (1979), was a case decided by the United States Supreme Court that invalidated a Louisiana statute allowing a conviction upon a nonunanimous verdict from a jury of six for a petty offense. The statute allowed for conviction if only five jurors agreed, and this was held to be a violation of the Sixth Amendment.
Background
Burch was found guilty of showing obscene films by a nonunanimous six-member jury in the state of Louisiana. The court imposed a suspended prison sentence of two consecutive seven- month terms and fined them $1,000.
Question Before the Court
Does a conviction by a nonunanimous six-member jury in a state criminal trial for a nonpetty offense violate Burch's Sixth Amendment right to trial by jury as applied to the states through the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment?
Decision of the Court
Justice Rehnquist cited Ballew v. Georgia, noting that only two other states in the country allowed for a non-unanimous decision from a non-six person jury in a non-petty offense. This "near uniform judgment of the Nation" gave the Court a "useful guide" in determining constitutionally allowable in jury practices.
References
External links
United States Sixth Amendment jury case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
1979 in United States case law
Ksawerówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Fajsławice, west of Krasnystaw, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 290.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Once Upon a Time is an American fairy tale drama television series created by Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz. The show takes place in the fictional seaside town of Storybrooke, Maine, whose residents are characters from various fairy tales transported to the "real world" town and robbed of their real memories by a powerful curse and borrows elements and characters from the Disney-franchise and popular Western literature, folklore, and fairy tales. It has been nominated for a variety of different awards, including the Primetime Emmy Awards, Satellite Award, Saturn Award, People's Choice Awards, Teen Choice Awards, etc. Once Upon a Time has been nominated for 91 awards in total and has won 12.
Total nominations and awards for the cast
Prestigious Awards
Creative Arts Emmy awards
0 wins of 7 nominations
Costume Designers Guild awards
0 wins of 4 nominations
Audience Awards
People's Choice awards
0 wins of 12 nominations
Nickelodeon Kid's Choice awards
0 wins of 4 nominations
Teen Choice awards
3 wins of 16 nominations
Critic & Association Awards
Casting Society awards
0 wins of 1 nomination
Visual Effects Society awards
0 wins of 4 nominations
International Awards
ALMA awards
1 win of 1 nomination
Imagen Foundation awards
0 wins of 1 nomination
Irish Film and Television awards
0 wins of 1 nomination
The Joey awards
1 win of 2 nominations
Leo awards
1 win of 3 nominations
TV Quick awards
0 wins of 1 nomination
Miscellaneous Awards
BMI Film & Television awards
1 win of 1 nomination
Satellite awards
0 wins of 3 nominations
Saturn awards
0 wins of 4 nominations
TV Guide awards
3 wins of 6 nominations
Young Artist awards
2 wins of 6 nominations
References
Awards
Lists of awards by television series
Oak Grove College is a coeducational special school and sixth form maintained by West Sussex County Council. The school provides special education for students with learning difficulties from Year 7 to Year 14. In late 2016 the school was awarded foundation level of the British Council's International School Award in recognition of its work to bring the world into the classroom.
Ofsted
In 2014 the school received a 'good' rating following their Ofsted inspection.
References
External links
http://oakgrovecollege.org.uk/
Special schools in West Sussex
Community schools in West Sussex
Special secondary schools in England
Oleksandr Volodymyrovych Kovalchuk (; born February 5, 1974) is a Ukrainian public figure and politician. They live in Novohrad-Volynskyi, Zhytomyr Oblast. They serve as People's Deputy of Ukraine of the 9th convocation. They serve as Deputy Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on Finance, Tax, and Customs Policy.  They are a Deputy Member of the Permanent Delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.  They are a member of the Political Council of the "Servant of the People" party. Outside of politics, they served as chairperson of the board, co-founder of the NGO «Interaction platform "Prostir"».
References
Servant of the People (political party) politicians
1974 births
Living people
Bernhard Sinkel (born 19 January 1940) is a German film director and screenwriter. They directed seven films between 1975 and 1993. They co-shared the Special Recognition award at the 28th Berlin International Film Festival for the film Germany in Autumn. Their film Put on Ice was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival. Bernhard Sinkel worked together with Alf Brustellin as a director and screenwriter team until Brustellin's death 1981.
Filmography
Lina Braake (1975)
(1975) (co-director: Alf Brustellin)
(1977) (co-director: Alf Brustellin) — (based on a novel by )
(1978) — (based on Aus dem Leben eines Taugenichts)
Germany in Autumn (1978)
Put on Ice (1980)
The Confessions of Felix Krull (1982, TV miniseries) — (based on Confessions of Felix Krull)
Väter und Söhne – Eine deutsche Tragödie (1986, TV miniseries)
Hemingway (1988, TV miniseries) — (biographical miniseries about Ernest Hemingway)
(1993) — (based on a novel by Gert Hofmann)
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Mass media people from Frankfurt
The 1992–93 season was the 94th completed season of the Football League.
This season saw the birth of the Premier League. In 1992, all of the First Division clubs resigned from the Football League and, on 27 May 1992, the FA Premier League was formed as a limited company, which worked out of an office at the Football Association's then headquarters, Lancaster Gate. Hence, the 104-year-old Football League was reduced from four divisions to three, with the old Second, Third and Fourth Divisions becoming the new First, Second and Third Divisions respectively.
The league was sponsored this season by Barclays.
Final league tables and results
The tables and results below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website, with home and away statistics separated. Play-off results are from the same website.
First Division
Newcastle United, who won their first 10 league games, clinched the Division One title with an impressive 96 points to end a four-year exile from the top flight of English football. West Ham United sealed an instant return to the top flight a year after relegation, edging ahead of Portsmouth on goal difference to finished second. Portsmouth's promotion bid, dominated by the form of 42-goal striker Guy Whittingham, ended in the playoff semi-finals when they were beaten by Leicester City, who went on to lose the final 4-3 to Swindon Town after clawing back from 3-0 down before a late penalty from Paul Bodin saw Swindon clinch victory and a place in the top flight for the first time ever. The other losing semi-finalists in the playoffs were Tranmere Rovers, playing only their second season at this level in the postwar era.
Millwall finished one place outside the playoff zone in the first season in management for Mick McCarthy, while pre-season promotion favourites Derby County could only manage an eighth-place finish despite having spent millions on new players over the previous two years. Unfancied Grimsby Town and Peterborough United finished in the top half of the table, comfortably above bigger clubs like Wolverhampton Wanderers and Birmingham City.
Luton Town and Notts County, newly relegated from the top flight, spent the season battling at the wrong end of the division but managed to avoid a second successive relegation, as did a Sunderland side who had been FA Cup finalists one season earlier and members of the top flight two seasons earlier.
Bristol Rovers went down in bottom place after a dismal season. Cambridge United, playoff semi-finalists the previous season, struggled after the sale of Dion Dublin and went down on the last day of the season, as did a Brentford side who had been on the fringe of the playoff places at Christmas before a slump in form during the second half of the season cost the Bees their Division One status and manager Phil Holder their job.
Results
Play-offs
Maps
Second Division
Stoke City sealed promotion as Division Two champions in Lou Macari's second season as manager, having topped the table for most of the season, as did Bolton Wanderers under their new manager Bruce Rioch. The third promotion place went to playoff winners West Bromwich Albion, who beat Port Vale 3-0 in the Wembley promotion decider to secure their first promotion for 17 years and end their two-year spell in the league's third tier, as well as recording a first Wembley victory for 25 years.
Swansea City and Stockport County were the losing semi-finalists.
Leyton Orient missed out on the playoff places as they had scored fewer goals than Stockport. Managing director and former manager Frank Clark then left the club after accepting the offer to return to Nottingham Forest as manager as successor to Brian Clough.
Chester City's first season at the new Deva Stadium saw them relegated in bottom place and also spelled the end of Harry McNally's seven-year reign as manager in October, with their successor Mike Pejic being unable to steer the club to safety. Wigan Athletic finished second from bottom and suffered their first relegation as a Football League side. Mansfield Town finished third from bottom and suffered an immediate return to the league's fourth tier. The final relegation place went to Preston North End, who had replaced Les Chapman with John Beck as manager in October, but not even the man who was fresh from a successful spell in charge of Cambridge United could save the Lancashire side from relegation. Hull City narrowly avoided a second relegation in three seasons, while once again England World Cup winner Alan Ball was able to guide Exeter City to safety.
Results
Play-offs
Maps
Third Division
The season began with the demise of Maidstone United, who had only reached the Football League three years earlier and were hundreds of thousands of pounds in debt, having been tenants at Dartford since 1988 and having been refused planning permission to build a new stadium on land in Maidstone which had since been purchased. A move to relocate the club to the North-East and merge the with non-league Newcastle Blue Star was vetoed by the Football League, and as the season dawned the club had just two players still registered. Their first league game of the new Division Three season was cancelled and they were given until the following Monday to guarantee that they would be able to fulfill their fixtures. Unable to come up with the necessary backing, they resigned from the league and went into liquidation on 17 August.
As the Division Three campaign got underway, the two Welsh based sides in the division emerged as the pace-setters, with Cardiff City finishing as champions and Wrexham as runners-up. Barnet, who had spent much of the season under threat of going the same way as Maidstone due to mounting debts, being banned from the transfer market for failing to pay staff wages, and being threatened with expulsion from the Football League over an unapid fine, clinched the final automatic promotion place in only their second season in the Football League. The season also brought the end of Stan Flashman's eight-year ownership of the club, when they resigned as chairperson of the club they had paid £50,000 to save from receivership in 1985. Just before promotion was clinched, manager Barry Fry left to take charge of Southend United, with their assistant Edwin Stein overseeing the final few games of the season before goalkeeper Gary Phillips took over as player-manager for the 1993-94 season.
Halifax Town, after 72 years of league membership, finished bottom of the league and were replaced by Conference champions Wycombe Wanderers. Maidstone United went out of business on 17 August after their first game was postponed, and were not replaced.
Results
Play-offs
Maps
See also
1992–93 in English football
References
English Football League seasons
2
T.R.I.P. (pronounced "trip") is the fourth full-length album from The Lights Out. It was pre-released on November 12, 2016, on specially-formulated cans of craft beer brewed by Aeronaut Brewing Co., with its released digitally on February 1, 2017.
The album is a collection of stories about traveling through alternate dimensions, with every song presented as a report back from another reality The Lights Out has visited. The beer can, meanwhile, contains a set of instructions for drinkers to take over the phenomenon of the social media, a phenomenon that triggered a response from the band, telling the drinker what an alternate reflection of themselves is doing right now in a parallel world; the instructions are accompanied by a link to the album's digital site.
The beer is an Imperial Session IPA crafted to pair with the music.
T.R.I.P. is an acronym for The Reckonings In Pandimensionality. It is the first studio album ever released on a can of beer. With T.R.I.P, the band is reportedly aiming to reintroduce the physical discovery of music that they feel has been lost in the digital age and create a full sensory experience for the listener.
Track listing
"T.R.I.P."
"The Last American Virgin"
"Waves of Sound"
"Layin Down the Law"
"I Dreamed of You Again"
"Lies"
"The Undertaker"
"A Cosmic Gardener"
"Cruel Enough"
"Making a Better Girl"
References
The Lights Out albums
2017 albums
Xavier de Cock (10 March 1818, Ghent - 11 August 1896, Deurle) was a Belgian painter. They specialized in genre scenes and landscapes with animals.
Biography
Their father was a tailor. They studied at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp with Ferdinand de Braekeleer, then travelled to Holland to copy the Old Masters. After that, they painted in the Ardennes before going to Paris, where they lived from 1852 to 1860. In 1859, while painting in Sint-Denijs-Westrem during a visit home, they met a sixteen-year-old orphan girl, whom they married.
At first, their works were inspired by old Dutch landscapes. Their regular contact with painters of the Barbizon school encouraged them to adopt a more contemporary style, and they became more successful. Soon, they were admitted to the major exhibitions and treated like a native Frenchman. Their works were compared to those of Charles-François Daubigny by the critic Edmond About.
Later in life, they left France to settle in Deurle.  They are considered to be one of the precursors of what would come to be called the .
Their younger brother, , became a well known landscape painter. They also lived in Paris and they often worked together.
Their works may be seen in the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium and the Musée Fabre, as well as at museums in Ghent, Courtrai and Liège.
Sources
Dictionnaire de la peinture flamande et hollandaise du Moyen Âge à nos jours, Éditions Larousse, 1989
Dictionnaire des peintres belges du s-XIV à nos jours, Renaissance du livre, 1995
Dictionnaire biographique illustré des artistes en belgique depuis 1830, Arto, 1987
External links
More works by De Cock @ ArtNet
La route des peintres en Europe : Sint-Martens-Latem
1818 births
1896 deaths
Belgian painters
Belgian genre painters
Animal painters
Artists from Ghent
Emmanuel Church, Bentley is a parish church in the Church of England in Bentley, West Midlands.
History
The church was started in 1954 by the architect Richard Twentyman with Lavender and Percy and consecrated in 1956 by Rt. Revd. Stretton Reeve the Bishop of Lichfield. It was built in memory of Alfred Ernest Owen. It was built of brick over a concrete frame. The bell tower is punctuated by asymmetrical openings. The chancel and sanctuary are lit with strongly vertical windows.
The building received praise from Pevsner who describes it as more accommodating and much prettier than their pre-war work. It was listed at Grade II by Historic England in March 2016.
Organ
The church is equipped with a pipe organ by Hawkins dating from 1956. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
References
Church of England church buildings in the West Midlands (county)
Churches completed in 1956
Richard Twentyman
Hotel Terminus: The Life and Times of Klaus Barbie (French: Hôtel Terminus: Klaus Barbie, sa vie et son temps) is a 1988 American documentary film directed by Marcel Ophuls about the life of Nazi war criminal Klaus Barbie. The film covers Barbie's relatively innocent childhood, their time with the Gestapo in Lyon (where they apparently excelled at torture), through to the forty years between the end of World War II and their eventual deportation from Bolivia to stand trial for crimes against humanity in France. The film explores a number of themes, including the nature of evil and the diffusion of responsibility in hierarchical situations.
The film won the 1988 Oscar for Best Documentary Feature, as well as the FIPRESCI Award at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
Synopsis
The film features interviews from both supporters and opponents of Barbie's trial, from journalists to former U.S. Counterintelligence Corps agents to independent investigators of Nazi war crimes to Barbie's defense attorney. Much of the testimony presented is contradictory: for example, some interviewees allege that Barbie was brought to trial as a figurehead while others allege that they were allowed to go free for forty years as a result of the protection of various governments (including those of the United States and Bolivia), because Barbie knew secret agents and a public trial could potentially jeopardize various intelligence operations. Some of those interviewed by Ophuls included Barbie's lawyer Jacques Vergès, the writer Günter Grass, the American intelligence officer Eugene Kolb who insisted that Barbie was "too professional" to have tortured people, the philosopher Régis Debray who was captured by the Bolivian Army in 1967, Daniel Cordier who served as the secretary to Jean Moulin, the Nazi hunters Serge Klarsfeld and their wife Beate Klarsfeld, the philosopher Alain Finkielkraut, the Gestapo officer Harry Stengritt, the poet René Tavernier, Jean-Marie Le Pen of the Front national, the Catholic priest Ivo Omrcanin who helped to smuggle Barbie into Bolivia, the Frenchwoman Simone Lagrange who was deported by Barbie from Lyon to Auschwitz, the former Bolivian president General Guido Vildoso who employed Barbie as their "security consultant", the student radical Daniel Cohn-Bendit, the filmmaker Claude Lanzmann (Shoah), the résistant Raymond Aubrac and their wife Lucie Aubrac, the résistant René Hardy, and Hardy's former mistress Lydie Bastien who claimed to have magical powers to bring bad luck on anyone who displeased them
Within the course of the film, Barbie is brought to trial and sentenced to life in prison; near the end of the film, their defense attorney vows to appeal the decision.
Release
Hotel Terminus: The Life and Times of Klaus Barbie had its world premiere at the Cannes Film Festival on 10 May 1988. It was later shown at the New York Film Festival on 6 October 1988, followed by screenings in New York on October 9, 1988 and October 26, 1988.
See also
Hôtel Terminus
Claude Bourdet
Counterintelligence Corps (United States Army)
Elizabeth Holtzman
Guido Vildoso
Izieu
Jacques Vergès
Jean Moulin
Paul Paillole
Ratlines (World War II)
Régis Debray
References
External links
Hotel Terminus at Icarus Films
1988 films
American documentary films
Films set in Lyon
French documentary films
Best Documentary Feature Academy Award winners
Films directed by Marcel Ophuls
Documentary films about war crimes
1988 documentary films
Documentary films about Nazis
The Samuel Goldwyn Company films
1980s American films
1980s French films
The cardinal quelea (Quelea cardinalis) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.
Description
The cardinal quelea is a small (about long) sparrow-like bird with a short heavy black bill, that breeds in colonies. The male in breeding plumage has a red head extending onto the breast but not onto the streaked nape. The female has a yellowish face, brow stripes and throat. The non-breeding plumage of the male resembles that of the female, but retains some red on its head.
Taxonomy
Gustav Hartlaub was the first to describe the cardinal quelea, giving it the scientific name Hyphantica cardinalis in 1880, based on specimens that were collected by Emin Pasha near Lado in South-Sudan during 1879. In 1951, Hans von Boetticher regarded the cardinal quelea and red-headed quelea sufficiently different from the red-billed quelea to create a new genus Queleopsis. Its name in Swahili is kwelea kidari-chekundu.
Phylogeny
Molecular phylogeny indicates that ancestors of the quelea species might have originated in India and dispersed to Africa. Based on more recent DNA-analysis, the red-headed quelea forms a clade with the cardinal quelea, and this clade is sister to the red-billed quelea Q. quelea. The genus Quelea belongs to the group of true weavers (subfamily Ploceinae), and is most related to Foudia, a genus of six or seven species that occur on the islands of the western Indian Ocean. This clade is sister to the Asian species of the genus Ploceus. The following tree represents current insights in the relationships between the species of Quelea, and their closest relatives.
References
External links
Image at ADW
cardinal quelea
Birds of East Africa
cardinal quelea
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dagetichthys lakdoensis is a species of freshwater sole native to the Bénoué basin in Cameroon, with recent records from Nigeria in the Niger Delta. This species grows to a length of TL. This species is one of only two known members of its genus, the other being the marine Dagetichthys lusitanica.
References
Soleidae
Fish described in 1964
The Asian Athletics Championships is an event organized by the Asian Athletics Association.
History
The competition courted controversy with the IAAF when political in-fighting arose after Israel was excluded from participation in 1977. That edition of the competition was canceled, with championships between 1979 and 1989 being regarded by the IAAF as unofficial, called the "Asian Track and Field Meeting" as a result. This situation was resolved when Israel began competing in European Athletic Association events in 1990.
Editions
Medals (1973–2019)
As of 2019 Asian Athletics Championships.
Championship records
See also
Athletics at the Asian Games
Asian Para Athletics Championships
Asian University Athletics Championships
Asian Juniors Athletics Championships
Asian Youth Athletics Championships
Asian Masters Athletics Championships
References
External links
Asian Athletics Association
Past medallists from GBR Athletics
Athletics
Athletics
Recurring sporting events established in 1973
Continental athletics championships
Biennial athletics competitions
Detlef Nebbe (also Detleff; 20 June 1912 – 17 April 1972) was an SS-Hauptscharführer and member of staff at Auschwitz concentration camp. They were prosecuted at the Auschwitz Trial.
Born in Husum, German Empire in June 1912, Nebbe completed 7 years of primary school, becoming a salesperson by trade. They joined the SS in 1933 and the Nazi party in 1937. On 15 September 1939 they were drafted into the Waffen-SS. On 15 October 1940 they were assigned to Auschwitz, where they remained until April 1944.
In February 1941 they served as a sergeant in the guard company. An intimidating figure among SS men in their company, they were renowned as a devout Nazi, and would abuse prisoners by beating them defiantly. They also demonstrated to their colleagues how to behave towards prisoners. For their service, they were awarded the War Merit Cross Second Class with Swords.
Nebbe was tried by the Supreme National Tribunal at the Auschwitz Trial in Kraków for their role at the camp, and was sentenced to life imprisonment for their crimes. Due to an amnesty, they were released from prison on 23 October 1956.
Bibliography
Cyprian T., Sawicki J., Siedem wyroków Najwyższego Trybunału Narodowego, Poznań 1962
References
1912 births
1972 deaths
Auschwitz concentration camp personnel
Waffen-SS personnel
German prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
People convicted in the Auschwitz trial
People from Husum
SS non-commissioned officers
German people convicted of crimes against humanity
William "Bing" Gordon is a video game executive and technology venture capitalist. They served ten years as Chief Creative Officer of video game publisher and developer Electronic Arts (EA) prior to their current partnership with Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers (KPCB). They were a founding director of Audible.com and has served on several high-profile Boards of Directors including Amazon, Ngmoco, and Zynga. They designed the video games Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, Sid Meier's SimGolf and The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth.
Career
Gordon graduated from Cranbrook School in 1968. They studied drama and literature and earned a BA from Yale University. They moved to the Bay Area where they received an MBA from Stanford in 1978 after acting for a period in New York City.
After working as an account executive at the advertising firm Ogilvy and Mather, Gordon joined EA in 1982 while it was an early-stage start-up, working as a one-person marketing department. As the company grew, Gordon continued to drive marketing strategy and execution. Gordon became more involved on the creative side after a few years, working directly with game teams on concepts, helping to flesh out game designs, and providing feedback on the games as they took shape in development. In 1998 they were named Chief Creative Officer of EA. In 2005, they took a faculty chair position at the University of Southern California's Interactive Media Division after EA invested in the fledgling program. On April 28, 2008 Gordon announced plans to leave EA to join the venture capital KPCB starting June 2008.
Gordon joined the Amazon Board of Directors in 2003 and resigned in 2017.
Awards
Gordon was the recipient of the 2011 Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences Lifetime Achievement Award.
References
External links
Bing Gordon at MobyGames
"He's Got Games", a Bing Gordon profile from The Washington Post
Cranbrook Educational Community alumni
Electronic Arts employees
Living people
Ngmoco
Yale University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Amazon (company) people
American video game designers
Kleiner Perkins people
Video game businesspeople
Zynga people
American venture capitalists
Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences Lifetime Achievement Award recipients
Lee Jeong-yeong (born 3 January 1979) is a South Korean handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
South Korean female handball players
Olympic handball players of South Korea
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2015 Taunton Deane Borough Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect all members (councillors) of Taunton Deane Borough Council in Somerset, England. The council changed from being under no overall control to a Conservative majority having won 36 seats, while local Liberal Democrats took by keeping existing seats 14. Labour candidates won two seats, and the UK Independence Party won one, with the three remaining held by Independent candidates.
After the 2011 elections, the council was under no overall control, with the Conservatives having 28 seats, exactly half, while the Liberal Democrats took 23. The remaining five seats were split between Labour and Independents councillors.
Results
References
2015
2010s in Somerset
2015 English local elections
May 2015 events in the United Kingdom
Meandre Hrona is a nature reserve in the Slovak municipalities of Telgárt and Šumiac in the Brezno District. The nature reserve covers an area of 104 ha of the upper Hron river between the Telgárt and Červená skala railway stations. It has a protection level of 4 under the Slovak nature protection system. The nature reserve is located in the protective border around the Low Tatras National Park.
Description
The nature reserve was established in 1980 to protect the fluvial geomorphological forms of extensively used floodplain meadows and peatbog plant community in the upper Hron river valley. Meandre Hrona is a unique system of meanders on the upper reaches of the river Hron. In combination with waterlogged meadows it provides a habitat for rare and protected plant species. The area is of great importance for Slovakia as the majority of such sites have been drained, turned into agricultural land and thus destroyed. The reserve is located at an altitude between 815m and 860m above sea level. To the west the nature reserve is bordered by the state road 66, to the north by the access road to the Telgárt train station and to the east by the railway between Červená skala and Margecany.
Flora
Depending on the concentration of calcium carbonate in the water; different plant species can be found on different locations in the nature reserve. Plants growing in the Meandre Hrona nature reserve include: Primula farinosa, Pinguicula vulgaris, Valeriana dioica, Salix rosmarinifolia, Carex canescens, Carex echinata, Carex nigra and Viola palustris.
Recreation
There are no hiking paths leading through the nature reserve. The reserve can be observed from the state road 66 on which a small resting area is located which provides a view over the Meandre Hrona nature reserve.
References
Geography of Banská Bystrica Region
Protected areas of Slovakia
The General Statistics Office of Vietnam (GSO) (), sometimes written in English as General Statistics Office of Viet Nam, serves under the Ministry of Planning and Investment (Vietnam) (MPI) realizing the function as an adviser for the MPI Minister in state management for statistics; conducting statistical activities and providing social and economic information to organizations and individuals domestically and internationally in accordance with the law.
Organizational structure and finance
The General Statistics Office is headed by the Director General, overseeing multiple departments, 63 provincial statistical offices, and 684 district statistical offices.
Departments
System of National Accounts Department;
Statistical Methodology Standard and IT Department;
Integrated Statistics Department;
Industrial Statistics Department;
Agricultural, Forestry & Fishery Statistics Department;
Trade and Services Statistics Department;
Population & Labor Statistics Department;
Social and Environmental Statistics Department;
Foreign Statistics and International Cooperation Department;
Human Resources Department;
Financial Planning Department;
Statistics Legislation and Inspection Department;
Administration Office;
Price Statistics Department.
Construction and Capital Investment Statistics Department.
Public delivery service agencies
Institute of Statistical Science;
Statistical Informatics Center No 1;
Statistical Informatics Center No 2;
Statistical Informatics Center No 3;
Statistical Documentation and Service Center;
College of Statistics (in Bac Ninh province);
College of Statistics No2 (in Dong Nai province);
Statistical Forms and Questionnaire Distribution Company;
Ho Chi Minh City Statistical Printing Enterprise;
Statistical Publishing House;
Figures and Events Journal.
Notes
References
Vietnam
Governmental office in Hanoi
Manly Vale is a suburb of northern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia 17 kilometres north-east of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of Northern Beaches Council, in the Northern Beaches region.
Manly Vale is predominantly a residential suburb with commercial land use on Condamine Street, containing small patches of light industrial. It also contains multiple Retirement Villages and Aged Care facilities.
History
Manly Vale Post Office opened on 3 April 1950 and closed in 1994.
Heritage listings
Manly Vale has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
near King Street: Manly Dam
Population
In the 2016 Census, there were 6,160 people in Manly Vale. 60.0% of people were born in Australia. The most common countries of birth were England 7.5%, New Zealand 2.2%, China 1.9% and Brazil 1.7%. 70.7% of people only spoke English at home. Other languages spoken at home included Mandarin 1.9% and Portuguese 1.8%. The most common responses for religion were No Religion 37.3%, Catholic 23.4% and Anglican 14.0%.
Parks and recreation
The suburb contains many recreational facilities including parks such as Passmore Reserve and playing fields at Millers Reserve and David Thomas Reserve. Manly Dam is on the western edge of Manly Vale.
There are also a number of small reserves, for example King Street Reserve.
Manly Vale FC (soccer) are based at David Thomas Reserve.
Landcare activities
Landcare activities became important in Manly Vale with the creation of the "Return of the Mermaids" Project. The project consists of regularly involving volunteers to collect rubbish, remove weeds and plant local native species in the Mermaid Pool on Manly Creek.
The Pool was originally an intact sandy beach with a sparkling waterfall. It became polluted due to illegal dumping and urban development. Invasive and noxious weed started to take over the area.
This project was convened under the auspices of the Save Manly Dam Catchment Committee. The SMDCC was established to fight a controversial development in the head waters of Manly Dam by British Motorway constructor Wimpey in conjunction with local firm, Ardel. When bushland was lost to this housing development, the Mermaid Pool Project was initiated to compensate for the destruction.
The "Return of the Mermaids" project aims at rehabilitating the Mermaid Pool as much as possible to its pristine state. The project won the People's Choice Award for the 2011 NSW Landcare Awards. It was also a winner of the 2011 SMCMA Community Group Environment Award.
Schools
The suburb contains three schools, Manly Vale Public School, St Kieran's Primary School and Mackellar Girls Campus, as well as a child care centre operated by the Child Care Group.
Avenue of Honour
King St, Manly Vale has been planted with endemic native trees and shrubs by the local community under the direction of the Save Manly Dam Catchment Committee. The avenue, leading to the entrance of Manly Warringah War Memorial Park, pays tribute to the service of Merchant Seamen in Worlds War 1 and World War 2. It has been officially declared an "Avenue of Honour". A stone memorial has additionally been placed in King Reserve.
Notable residents
Jack Vidgen, a teenage singer and season 5 winner of Australia's Got Talent.
References
Suburbs of Sydney
Northern Beaches Council
Paleobiology is a scientific journal promoting the integration of biology and conventional paleontology, with emphasis placed on biological or paleobiological processes and patterns. It attracts papers of interest to more than one discipline, and occasionally publishes research on recent organisms when this is of interest to paleontologists.
Paleontology journals
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies
Publications established in 1975
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Paleobiology
Cambridge University Press academic journals
Johann Schmidt may refer to:
Johann Adam Schmidt (1759–1809), German-Austrian surgeon and ophthalmologist
Johann Friedrich Julius Schmidt (1825–1884), German astronomer and geophysicist
Johann Georg Schmidt (painter) (1685–1748), German painter
Johann Georg Schmidt (engraver) (1694–1767), German engraver
Johann George Schmidt (1707–1774), German master builder, architect in Dresden
Johann Caspar Schmidt (1806–1856), the full name of Max Stirner, German philosopher
Red Skull, a fictional Marvel Comics supervillain born Johann Schmidt
Johann Schmidt (historian) (1693–1762), Moravian historian at Palacký University, Olomouc
Johann Schmidt (neurologist), physician recognized for early research in neurology after Marc Dax
Johann Schmidt (organist), organist who instructed Johann Peter Kellner in 1720
See also
Johan Schmidt (born 1964), Belgian pianist
Johannes Schmidt (disambiguation)
John Smith (disambiguation)
Ramadan Miah Jame Mosque, or Ramzan Mia Jame Masjid (, ), and more popularly known as Chowdhury Mosjid (), is a mosque in the Noakhali District of Bangladesh. The existence of such an ancient mosque was not widely known to the general public until it was brought forward to Kabirhat's upazila nirbahi officer, Shariful Islam.
Location
The mosque can be found in the village of Daulat Ramdi, located in Kabirhat Upazila's No. 7 Bataiya Union Parishad.
History
The three-domed mosque was built during the Mughal Era and is over 300 years old. It was established by Shaykh Noor Ullah Chowdhury and Shaykh Mujeer Ullah Chowdhury, the ancestors of the current chairperson of the mosque, Khwaja Mu'in ad-Din Chowdhury.
Gallery
References
Noakhali District
Mosques in Bangladesh
Mughal mosques
The women's 400 metres event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20, 21 and 22 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 July
Semifinals
21 July
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Heats
20 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 30 athletes from 22 countries participated in the event.
References
400 metres
400 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The Healer is a 1935 American film directed by Reginald Barker. The film is also known as Little Pal.
Plot
Dr. Holden (Ralph Bellamy) is "The Healer" (the original title) in this 1930s morally uplifting pot-boiler.  They are a doctor that has come home to a warm spring to try to heal children from the unnamed crippling disease (polio). They run a destitute camp for these children, assisted by Evelyn Allen (Karen Morley) who looks upon the Doc as a great man. Jimmy (Mickey Rooney) is a paraplegic kid whom the Doc promises to cure. This little triangle is interrupted by a rich girl Joan Bradshaw (Judith Allen) who cons the good Doc into building a sanitorium for the wealthy with their father's money. Doc is momentarily swayed, but comes to their senses just as a forest fire threatens their original cabins around the warm spring. Their treatment of Jimmy pays off as Jimmy rides a bicycle to save the day. Doc realizes that their true love is Evelyn, not the self-interested Joan.
Cast
Ralph Bellamy as Dr. Holden
Karen Morley as Evelyn Allen
Mickey Rooney as Jimmy
Judith Allen as Joan Bradshaw
Robert McWade as Mr. Bradshaw
Bruce Warren as Dr. Thornton
J. Farrell MacDonald as Applejack
Vessie Farrell as Martha
References
External links
1935 films
American black-and-white films
Films based on American novels
Monogram Pictures films
1935 drama films
American drama films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Reginald Barker
1930s American films
The Grand Wailea Resort & Spa is a 40-acre Waldorf Astoria luxury resort located on the beach in Wailea, Maui, Hawaii. The hotel opened in 1991 as the Grand Hyatt Wailea. The Grand Wailea is owned by BRE Hotels & Resorts and is the largest private employer on the island of Maui.
History
The hotel was built by Japanese developer Takeshi Sekiguchi, who also put together a large art collection for the hotel. It opened in 1991 as the Grand Hyatt Wailea. The hotel was built at an estimated cost of $650 million, which proved to be more than the economy could sustain, and Sekiguchi lost control of the property, which was sold for $263 million in 1998. The property has been sold several times since then and it is now operated by Hilton Worldwide. It was the first hotel to join Hilton's Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts in 2006 after the Manhattan hotel became a brand. It is the second largest hotel on the island of Maui and is one of Hawaii's most well-known resorts. It is also the site of the first water elevator and the first rotating barrel pipe ride.
In November 2019, the hotel launched a charitable foundation, the Grand Wailea Foundation, which aims to contribute $250,000 annually to nonprofit organizations in south and west Maui. The first funds were distributed at the Grand Wailea's annual Christmas tree lighting ceremony on December 1, 2019. The first recipients, Hui o Wa‘a Kaulua, Maui Historical Society, and the Boys & Girls Club of Maui, were awarded $10,000 each. Nonprofits are allowed to apply for funding on the foundation's website.
The resort hopes to achieve net zero water usage in 2020, and distributes cultural and sustainability information to guests upon their arrival.
Accommodation
Villas
The resort has one, two, and three-bedroom villas which are across the street from the hotel. The villas, named Ho'olei at Grand Wailea, are two-stories, have a full-sized kitchen, outdoor barbecue, and one-car garages. All the villas have their lanais (decks) facing West.
Rooms
The hotel has 830 guest rooms, suites, and villas.
Napua Tower
There are 100 rooms in the Napua Tower. The rooms in the tower are upgraded, and guests receive complimentary concierge services. Rooms range from 640-5,500 square feet. The tower is home to some of the hotel's suites, including the Two Grand Suites which are equal in size and the largest suite category available (approx nightly cost $10,600).
Membership
Members of the hotel are given discounted rooms rates for themselves and their guests and receive member-only promotions.
Facilities and services
Pools
Wailea Canyon Activity Pool
The Canyon Activity Pool is a 2,000-foot-long, 25,700 total square foot, 770,000-gallon pool. It consists of nine pools on six separate levels, connected by a river. There are four small intertwining slides, two big waterslides, a whitewater rapids slide, a rope swing, a sand beach pool, three Jacuzzis, six waterfalls, a water elevator and an infant pool. The water elevator is the world's first. The pool also has a swim-up bar.
Hibiscus Pool
The Hibiscus Pool is 4,850 square feet. There is an image of a hibiscus flower on the bottom of the pool which is made from 630,000 pieces of Mexican glass mosaic tile. The pool itself is made from 2.2 million tiles. It has two Jacuzzis.
Scuba Dive Training Pool
The hotel has on-staff scuba instructors and a scuba dive training pool. It is the only custom-designed scuba pool in Hawaii. Beginning scuba divers practice in the dive pool as well as parts of the activity pool before going out into the ocean.
Fishpipe
The Fishpipe is a rotating barrel pipe. It is a type of water ride that simulates a waterslide and allows up to three people to ride at once. The pipe has a top speed of 11 mph and is the first rotating barrel ride in the world. The barrels are made up of over 150 square meters of transparent plastic material, more than 1200 anchor points, 600 brightly colored nylon cords, and 50 meters of polyester webbing.
Spa Grande
Spa Grande is the largest spa in Hawaii, with 50,000 square feet. There are 40 treatment rooms. The spa has cascading waterfall showers, a Roman tub, saunas, a Japanese furo and five specialty baths and Swiss jet showers. The Grand Salon is a hair and nail salon also located at Spa Grande.
Palaha Hawaiian Cultural Center
In 2006, the hotel closed its nightclub used the space to host special events, planning to open a cultural space. On February 6, 2020, the Palaha Hawaiian Cultural Center opened. The center hosts daily cultural experiences and showcases Hawaiian art.
Restorations and expansions
In 2008 the hotel underwent a $50 million restoration project. The project renovated the Botero Bar, the Arrival and Departure Lounge, added new furniture, and placed flatscreen televisions in each room. The spa was also upgraded with new carpet and furniture.
In 2012, the hotel planned a five-year $250 million expansion. The expansion involved additional rooms, new restaurants, new in-room technology, and a new pool. New renovations began in October 2014, room renovations and the pool refresh were completed in late 2017. In 2019, the hotel proposed expansion plans, which were met with opposition from local Hawaiians since the hotel was built on sacred burial grounds. The plans were postponed in February 2020 by the Maui Planning commission due to community pushback. The expansions were set to cost approximately $150 million.
Dining
The resort has four restaurants, four bars, and Sunset Cabana dining as well as room service.
Restaurants
Humuhumunukunukuapua'a
Bistro Molokini
Grand Dining Room Maui
Café Kula
Bars
Bistro Bar
Botero Bar
Grotto Bar
Volcano Bar
In popular culture
Many celebrities have been known to stay at the Hotel including Steve Carell, Cuba Gooding Jr., Kevin Bacon, Magic Johnson, Paris Hilton, and Oprah Winfrey.
Films
Just Go With It (2011) was filmed at the hotel
References
External links
Official Hilton Grand Wailea Resort website
Hotels in Hawaii
Resorts in Hawaii
Buildings and structures in Maui County, Hawaii
Hilton Hotels & Resorts hotels
Hotels established in 1991
1991 establishments in Hawaii
Hawaiian architecture
Jarrow Hall is a grade II listed building in Jarrow, Northeast England, and part of the larger Jarrow Hall museum site. It was built around 1785 by local business person Simon Temple; they later went bankrupt in 1812 after a series of poor investments. The hall then passed through a number of hands before being let to the Shell Mex company in 1920, and then the Jarrow Council in 1935. The Council used the hall for a storage depot, eventually letting the building become derelict and in threat of demolition. It was rescued by the St Paul's Development Trust, which funded a £50,000 restoration project.
The hall then became the Bede Monastery Museum in 1974, as a means of exhibiting information about local scholar the Venerable Bede - the location of the hall next to St Paul's Church - part of the Monkwearmouth-Jarrow Abbey - meant it was an ideal location for the new museum. The Bede Monastery Museum became part of Bede's World which operated from 1993 to 2016, and is now part of Jarrow Hall - Anglo-Saxon Farm, Village and Bede Museum.
The hall is now used as the cafe for visitors to the museum and also houses the museum offices. A permanent exhibition entitled 'The Many Faces of Jarrow Hall' chronicles the lives of previous residents of the hall.
Adjacent to the hall is the grade II listed Jarrow Bridge which crosses the River Don, and once carried the main road to South Shields.
References
External links
Official Website
History of County Durham
Jarrow
Grade II listed buildings in Tyne and Wear
The Lord's Recovery is a term coined by the Christian preacher Watchman Née and promoted by Witness Lee that refers to a cumulative recovery of truths lost during what they refer to as the degradation of the church beginning from the second century. Although Née and Lee recognized that there were recoveries before the time of the Reformation, their opinion was that the Lord's recovery began with Martin Luther in the Reformation because it was from then that significant recoveries were made.
The Principle of Recovery
Witness Lee taught that God was always moving to first establish something, and when it was damaged by Satan, God would move a second time to recover what was lost. According to Lee, this recovery happened first in creation. According to Lee, the record of God creating the universe is in Genesis 1:1, "In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth." The next verse continues with, "And the earth became waste and empty," indicating something was lost in the original creation. Then the heavens and the earth were "recovered" in six days beginning with "God moved upon the face of the waters." Similarly the Jewish temple was built by Solomon and then destroyed and subsequently recovered when the Jewish remnant returned from Babylon to Jerusalem as recorded in Ezra and Nehemiah. Witness Lee wrote that "the goal of the Lord's recovery is to recover the reality, life, livingness, strength, power, and impact of the matters revealed in the Scriptures."
A Briefish History
Although recoveries occurred before the Reformation, Née taught that God's greatest recoveries occurred from the sixteenth century onwards, beginning with justification by faith through Martin Luther. The recovery then went on with the Anabaptists who baptized those justified by faith. The following individuals are considered to have contributed to the recovery as well: John Calvin who established the Scottish Presbyterian Church; Philipp Jakob Spener who led their followers into the practice of 1 Corinthians 14; Christian David, Count Zinzendorf. and the Moravian Brethren who were among the first to evangelize worldwide; Miguel de Molinos who wrote "Spiritual Guide"; Madame Guyon who contributed to the matters of the union with God's will and the denial of the self; Father François Fénelon worked with Madame Guyon to release many spiritual messages; the church in "Philadelphia"; Gottfried Arnold taught on outward practices of the meeting of the church; John Wesley, Charles Wesley, and George Whitefield recovered the matters of salvation, eradication of sin, sanctification, and open-air preaching; Bible expositors among the Brethren such as John Nelson Darby, Edward Cronin and Anthony Norris Groves, William Kelly, Charles Henry Mackintosh, Benjamin Wills Newton, and John Gifford Bellett; Charles Stanley; George Cutting who wrote "Safety, Certainty, and Enjoyment;" Robert Govett who taught on the matter of Christian reward; Bibles expositors such as George Hawkins Pember, David Morrieson Panton, Hudson Taylor; George Müller who taught on prayer and faith in God's word; some among the Christian and Missionary Alliance such as Albert Benjamin Simpson and A. J Gordon who taught practiced living by faith and divine healing; Robert Pearsall Smith who taught that sanctification came through consecration and faith; Mrs. Hannah Whitall Smith who wrote "The Christian's Secret of a Happy Life"; others such as Stocknell, Evan Hopkins, and Andrew Murray, who wrote "The Spirit of Christ", continued what Guyon's denial of the self and began conferences that led to the Keswick Convention; H. C. Trumbull who spoke on the overcoming life at the Keswick Convention; Mrs. Jessie Penn-Lewis who wrote "War on the Saints" and taught about the cross of Christ with help of the writings of Guyon; and Brother Holden who experienced and taught lessons on the cross with help from Penn-Lewis' teachings. Watchman Née and Witness Lee considered themselves as beneficiaries of this "recovery" and believed that they were part of its continuation.
Other people considered to be part of the Lord's recovery include Johann Arndt, Theodore Austin-Sparks, Margaret E. Barber, Bernard of Clairvaux, Jacob Boehme, Peter Böhler, John Bunyan, Brother Lawrence (Nicholas Herman), Jan Hus, George Henry Lang, William Law, Dwight Lyman Moody, Charles Haddon Spurgeon, William Tyndale, John Wycliffe, and Aiden Wilson Tozer.
See also
The Local Churches
Recovery Version of the Bible
References
Restorationism (Christianity)
Christian movements
Nondenominational Christianity
Christian terminology
Shimon Alcoby, who performs and records music as Shimon, is an English DJ, record producer, and founder of AudioPorn Records. Shimon is also affiliated with the drum and bass record label Ram Records, and has published music through Ram since its inception in 1992. Shimon is one third of Ram Trilogy, a collective which also includes Andy C and Ant Miles.
Shimon's solo record production work includes the singles "The Predator", "Hush Hush", and "The Shadow Knows". The single "Body Rock" reached number 28 in the UK Singles Chart on 6 January 2002.
In 2006, Shimon was asked by Novation Digital Music Systems to produce sounds for their Xio Synth. Shimon is also a breaks producer with releases on Finger Lickin' Records such as "I Like You", "Around the Edge", and "White Noise".
In 2007, Shimon began releasing tracks on their own record label, AudioPorn Records, and was featured as the cover artist in Kmag in December of that year. They were also responsible for the mix CD AudioPorn that was issued with the magazine.
References
External links
Shimon on Myspace
Living people
English drum and bass musicians
DJs from Manchester
English record producers
Electronic dance music DJs
Year of birth missing (living people)
RAM Records artists
The Hanseatic University (HU) in Rostock-Warnemünde was a private university in Rostock, Germany. Founded in 2007, it was the second private institution of higher education in Germany to be granted university status by the government. In August 2008, when it had three students, it ceased activities, and it finally closed down March 2009.
History
In 2002, the two business consultants Peter L. Pedersen and Knut Einfeldt took part in a business plan contest by the government of the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, presented a plan for setting up a private university operated as a business institution, and won the first and third prize.
In 2003, the decision was made to establish the private university in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, which was then narrowed down to the city of Rostock in 2004. The company set to run the university was formed in September 2004. In spring of 2007, Educationtrend AG, a holding from Hamburg, bought 97.8% of the shares in the Hanseatic University and, at the same time, increased its share capital. The institution was then granted university status by the state ministry of education in July 2007.
The founding president, Wolf Schäfer, was formerly Vice-President of the Helmut Schmidt University of the German Armed Forces in Hamburg.
The university planned to break even within five years with 700 students paying 7500 euro each per semester. 25 students enrolled, but only five commenced studies in "Business Administration" and "Business Information Technology" in October 2007.
Because of changed interests of the owner, enrollments were stopped in August 2008, it was decided to cease operations and the remaining three students were offered to continue their studies at the International University in Germany, in Bruchsal, also owned by Educationtrend AG. However, this university also closed.
As of March 2009, the Hanseatic University Rostock was closed and its website closed down. Professor Heinz Eckart Klingelhöfer and two other former employees sued the university's owner, Educationtrend AG, for damages.
Degrees
Bachelor courses were intended to run for three years (worth 180 ECTS points) and the master programmes for two years (120 ECTS points), and two faculties were planned: Economics (with studies in Business Administration, Business Information Technology, and Global Management), and Law (planned for winter 2008).
Athletics
The university planned its own Hanseatic Yachting Club for the spring of 2008. Jürgen Knuth, twice world sailing champion, was appointed General Manager for the yachting club.
See also
List of universities in Germany (does not include this university)
Notes and references
Sources
External links
Hanseatic University Rostock
Educationtrend
Rostock
Education in Rostock
The Fujifilm X100 is a series of digital compact cameras with a fixed prime lens. Originally part of the FinePix line, then becoming a member of the X series from Fujifilm, the X100 series includes the FinePix X100, X100S, X100T, X100F, and X100V. They each have a large image sensor and a 23 mm lens (35 mm equivalent angle of view in full frame format). All five cameras have received generally positive reviews.
The Fujifilm FinePix X100 was initially shown at the photokina show in September 2010 and was subsequently introduced in February 2011. It was the first model in the Fujifilm X-series of cameras and has since been joined by numerous models. It is superseded by the Fujifilm X100S.
Fujifilm FinePix X100
The FinePix X100, the original model in the line, was introduced in 2011. This was the first camera in what would grow to become the Fujifilm X series although that designation came later. The X100 is a rangefinder-style camera.
Key features
12.3 MP, APS-C sized CMOS sensor
Hybrid optical/electric viewfinder
23 mm (35 mm equivalent) fixed prime lens
Classic styling
Innovation
The FinePix X100 was the first camera to show a number of new technologies developed by Fujifilm. These include a hybrid viewfinder which allows the user to choose between a conventional optical viewfinder with an electronic overlay, or an electronic viewfinder. The combination of APS-C sized CMOS sensor, EXR processor and 23mm (35 mm equivalent) fast aperture lens was also a first.
Reception
The X100 received generally favourable reviews and a number of awards. These include Innovative Camera of the Year from Ephotozine and Best Premium Camera in the 2011 TIPA awards.
In most cases, the prizes were awarded for the combination of technology and picture quality, but the X100 has also received plaudits for its design outside the photography market, coming top of Stuff magazine's Cool List for 2011 and in October 2012 receiving Good Design Award from Good Design Award (Japan).
Digital Photography Review gave it a score of 75% and a silver award, noting that it "combines excellent image quality, solid build and a superb viewfinder with somewhat sluggish and quirky operation", adding that "It's been much improved by multiple firmware updates since its initial incarnation, and despite its flaws, is now a very likeable camera indeed.".
Issues
Some X100 cameras have reportedly suffered from 'sticky aperture disease' where the aperture blades lock up, leading to overexposure. Fujifilm has acknowledged this issue and will fix it under warranty.
On initial release the X100 was widely reported to have various issues. Many, but not all, of these issues were fixed through a series of firmware updates made available by Fujifilm.
Fujifilm X100S
The Fujifilm X100S (Second) is the successor to the Fujifilm FinePix X100. Announced in January 2013, it is a model similar to the X100 yet addressing some of the issues that the X100 had, and resembles it superficially, but with internal changes. It has been compared with the Leica M series.
It was replaced in September 2014 with the Fujifilm X100T.
Differences from the X100
16.3 MP Fujifilm X-Trans CMOS II sensor instead of 12.3 MP CMOS sensor with primary colour filter (Bayer filter)
Redesign of menus
Quick Menu (Q) button
Uses X-Trans color filter pattern (taken from the X-E1 and X-Pro1), instead of Bayer pattern
No optical low pass filter (OLPF), to give sharper images
Phase detection within the X-Trans CMOS II sensor increasing autofocus speed to 0.08 s in good light
The faster the focus ring is rotated, the quicker the focus is adjusted
Focus mode switch options have been reorganised such that the most commonly used functions (Autofocus Single and Manual Focus) surround the least used function (Autofocus Continuous) for more efficient operation
Hybrid viewfinder switch has been altered in shape to allow for easier one-handed operation
Autofocus point selection has been altered to allow one button default access
Reception
The X100S received generally positive reviews:
Digital Photography Review gave it a score of 81% and a gold award, describing it as a "hugely likable, very capable camera with some useful tricks up its sleeve".
Photography Life gave it 4.6 stars out of 5, describing it as "an amazing camera".
Fujifilm X100T
The Fujifilm X100T (Third) was announced by Fujifilm on September 10, 2014. It is the successor to the X100S. It is visually very similar to the X100S, and shares many of its core specifications (including its lens and sensor), but features numerous iterative refinements and enhancements. It has the same 16.3 MP Fujifilm X-Trans CMOS II sensor as the X100S.
It was replaced in January 2017 with the Fujifilm X100F.
Differences from the X100S
Advanced hybrid viewfinder, with electronic rangefinder
Real-time parallax correction in optical viewfinder
±3EV exposure compensation
optional electronic shutter (allowing silent operation and a shutter speed of 1/32000 of a second)
3.0-inch, 1040K-dot LCD screen
"Classic Chrome" film simulation mode
Built-in Wi-Fi
Face recognition (when enabled, focuses automatically on the faces in the frame)
Reception
The X100T has received generally positive reviews:
Digital Photography Review gave it a score of 81%, criticising its autofocus and video capabilities but noting "there's currently nothing to touch it in terms of the size/price/image quality balance it offers and the style with which it does so".
Pocket-Lint.com gave it 4 stars out of 5, describing it as "a special little camera"Fujifilm X100F
The Fujifilm X100F (Fourth), announced on January 19, 2017 is the successor to the Fujifilm X100T. It features a number of improvements and refinements over the previous model, many of which were first introduced with the Fujifilm X-Pro2. The X100F was released on February 23, 2017.
Differences from the X100T
A third-generation 24.3 MP X-Trans CMOS III sensor
X-Processor Pro image processor
A new button layout with a joystick autofocus controls (similar to X-Pro2 and X-T2), making it easier to select AF points
Built-In ISO dial
Added command dial on the front of the camera
C mode on exposure compensation dial, allowing up to 5 stops exposure compensation
A larger battery, model NP-W126S (same as X-T2)
An improved 91-point autofocus system
Improved sensitivity (ISO 200–12800, expandable to ISO 100–51200)
Viewfinder has 6x magnification
Acros film simulation
60 fps EVF refresh rate
Additional continuous shooting mode speeds (3, 4, 5, and 8 fps) along with larger buffer
New LED AF lamp
Digital teleconverter simulating 50 mm and 70 mm perspectives (JPG only)
Reception
The X100F was very well received, mostly for its improved sensor and autofocus capability. Digital Photography Review'' gave it a score of 83% and a gold award, calling it "a true photographers' camera". At the 2017 Technical Image Press Association Awards, the X100F won the award for best professional compact camera.
Fujifilm X100V
The Fujifilm X100V (Roman Numeral "Fifth"), announced on February 4, 2020, is the successor to the Fujifilm X100F. It features a redesigned lens, a fourth generation X-Trans sensor, a 2-way tilting rear LCD screen, and partial weather resistance. The camera also includes additional film simulation modes and other software improvements. The X100V is $100 more expensive than its predecessor, the X100F. With its redesigned lens system, it was found to exhibit less distortion than the previous X100 cameras and has an improved close focus performance.
Differences from the X100F
4th generation 26.1 MP X-Trans CMOS sensor
Sharper 23 mm ƒ/2.0 lens
4K Video recording
2-way tilting rear LCD screen
Touchscreen
Weather resistance
Larger viewfinder
More focus points with 425
Bluetooth
UHS I Card Support
Faster continuous shooting at 11 fps
Rear 4-way controller is replaced by a mini joystick and touchscreen functions
Four rear black buttons are flush to the surface
USB-C 3.1 port
Reception
The X100V is a well received camera, being praised for its updated sensor that offers good noise performance and fast readout as well as its highly tunable JPEG engine that reduces noise very well producing good detail. It was also praised for its 4k recording feature, a first for the series. Digital Photography Review gave it a score of 86% and a gold award, calling it "the most capable prime-lens compact camera, ever".
X100 chronology
Image processor:
EXR |
X-Trans II |
X-Trans III |
X-Trans IV
Accessories
Due to their similarities, the different X100 cameras accept many of the same accessories.
Conversion lenses
Wide Conversion Lens WCL-X100 II – gives a magnification factor to the 23 mm fixed lens of 0.8×, providing a focal length of 19 mm (28 mm equivalent)
Tele Conversion Lens TCL-X100 II – multiplies the 23 mm fixed lens by approximately 1.4×, providing an equivalent focal length of 33 mm (50 mm equivalent angle of view)
Tele Conversion Lens TCL-X100 – as above but with manual mode switching in the camera menus.
Flashguns
Fujifilm EF-20
Fujifilm EF-X20
Fujifilm EF-42
See also
Fujifilm X series
Fujifilm cameras
Notes
References
External links
Official website of the original FinePix X100 (Wayback Machine Archive)
Official Fujifilm Global website of the original FinePix X100
Official Fujifilm Global website of the X100S
Official Fujifilm Global website of the X100T
Official Fujifilm Global website of the X100F
X100
Mirrorless cameras
Products introduced in 2010
Products introduced in 2013
Products introduced in 2014
Daniel Edmund Awdry (10 September 1924 – 11 October 2008) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Awdry was educated at Winchester College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. They served with the 10th Hussars in Italy 1944–45 and with the Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry 1947–62. They became a solicitor and a Chippenham councillor, serving as Mayor 1958–59. They were President of the Southern Boroughs Association 1959–60.
Awdry was Member of Parliament for Chippenham from a 1962 by-election until 1979, when they stood down—having seen off strong challenges from Liberal candidates in the seat (his majority in October 1974 was 1,749 (3.3%)). Their successor was Richard Needham.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
External links
Obituary at Telegraph.co.uk
1924 births
2008 deaths
10th Royal Hussars officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Councillors in South West England
Deputy Lieutenants of Wiltshire
English solicitors
People educated at Winchester College
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry officers
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
20th-century English lawyers
The Mellor Maxima is a step-entrance minibus bodywork produced by Mellor Coachcraft on Iveco Daily chassis since 2016. With a capacity of up to 31 passenger seats, eight wheelchair bays or a combination of both, the Maxima is aimed at local authorities providing accessible transport and community transport.
The Maxima were launched in 2016, in response to the discontinuation of the popular Mercedes-Benz Vario chassis and its minibus variants in the United Kingdom, such as the Plaxton Beaver. Intended to fill the same market, the Maxima features a flat floor interior which is accessed by a stepped entry at the front or a rear wheelchair lift. The Maxima were initially only available on diesel Iveco Daily chassis; in 2021, a fully-electric variant known as the Mellor Maxima E23 was announced, but has not yet entered production. The Maxima E23 will feature a maximum passenger capacity of 23 seated, with a range of from an 80 kWh battery pack.
The Maxima has seen strong sales with local councils in the United Kingdom since its introduction, with customers including Dumfries and Galloway Council and Hackney London Borough Council.
References
Iveco vehicles
Mellor Coachcraft
Minibuses
Yaşar Altıntaş (born 10 March 1957) is a Turkish retired footballer who played as a forward. They appeared in the Süper Lig with MKE Ankaragücü and Kocaelispor.
Personal life
Yaşar's father Mustafa Altıntaş, their brother Yusuf Altıntaş, and their nephew Batuhan Altıntaş all have played professional football in the Turkish Süper Lig.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Turkish footballers
Sportspeople from İzmit
Association football forwards
Sakaryaspor footballers
Kocaelispor footballers
MKE Ankaragücü footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
TFF Second League players
TFF Third League players
Desmond Patrick Ponchard (1902–1983) was an Australian Rugby League player who played in the 1920s.
Background
Ponchard was born in Cooma, New South Wales to a pioneer family from the Monaro region in New South Wales. Their family moved to Rozelle, New South Wales when they were a small boy, and they took up the game of Rugby League at a young age.
Playing career
They became a successful in junior football and after six years in the juniors, they made their first grade debut for Balmain in 1922. They had a long career at Balmain and played eight seasons of first grade between 1922 and 1929.
They won a premiership with the Balmain in 1924 playing in the team that was captain-coached by the legendary Charles 'Chook' Fraser.
Although they were not a noted point scorer, they became the team goal kicker in the latter part of their career. They scored one try and kicked 38 goals during their first grade career at the Tigers. After retiring from football, they retained a close association with the Balmain club due to their lifetime friendships with ex team-mates 'Latchem' Robinson and 'Chook' Fraser. Their nephew Stan Ponchard also became a successful first grade player with the Balmain Tigers in the 1940s and 1950s.
Ponchard died on 16 April 1983, aged 80.
References
1902 births
1983 deaths
Australian rugby league players
Balmain Tigers players
Date of birth missing
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from New South Wales
A. carnea may refer to:
Acrapex carnea, an owlet moth
Aesculus carnea, a hybrid tree
Alpinia carnea, a plant that grows from a rhizome
Amaryllis carnea, a rain lily
Amphiura carnea, a brittle star
Androsace carnea, a flowering plant
Apios carnea, a flowering plant
Asura carnea, a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae
Mabein Township () is a township of Mongmit District (formerly part of Kyaukme District) in the Shan State of eastern Burma. The principal town is Mabein.
References
Townships of Shan State
William Bryce Harland (11 December 1931 – 1 February 2006) was a New Zealand diplomat and academic, who served as New Zealand's first Ambassador to China, Permanent Representative to the United Nations in New York, and High Commissioner to London.
Biography
Harland was born in Wellington in 1931, and attended Victoria University of Wellington, where they received an MA (First Class) in History under the guidance of New Zealand historian J.C. Beaglehole in 1955, and at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy in Boston, where they received an AM.
Harland was a highly regarded strategic thinker, who rose quickly through the ranks in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In 1973, Harland was appointed New Zealand's first Ambassador to China, where they were responsible for opening up diplomatic relations with that country. Harland has written of the period that until then, New Zealand's best-known connection with China was Rewi Alley. Harland worked alongside other Western diplomats, including then-US representative in Peking, George H. W. Bush, who described Harland as very pushy to extract as much information as the United States had on China at that time, despite liking them personally.
In 1976, Harland returned to New Zealand as Assistant Secretary of Foreign Affairs, before taking up the post of Permanent Representative to the United Nations in New York in 1982. In 1985, Harland became New Zealand's first professional diplomat to take up the post of High Commissioner to London, which they held until their retirement from the diplomatic service in 1991.
Harland then served as Director of the New Zealand Institute of International Affairs, making a very substantial contribution to research on New Zealand's relationship with Asia. They were also a visiting fellow at Oxford and Cambridge Universities.
In 1990, Harland was awarded the New Zealand 1990 Commemoration Medal. In the 1992 New Year Honours, they were appointed a Companion of the Queen's Service Order for public services.
Harland was regarded as a difficult personality to work for, but a brilliant strategic thinker.
Harland was married twice, and had four sons, three of whom survived him.
References
External links
Obituary in the New Zealand Herald
New Zealand Asian Studies Society newsletter, May 2006, p 16 (PDF)
1931 births
2006 deaths
New Zealand public servants
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
Permanent Representatives of New Zealand to the United Nations
People from Wellington City
The Fletcher School at Tufts University alumni
High Commissioners of New Zealand to the United Kingdom
Ambassadors of New Zealand to China
Ambassadors of New Zealand to Vietnam
Companions of the Queen's Service Order
Reto Hug (born 24 January 1975 in Marthalen) is a former athlete from Switzerland, who competed in the triathlon.
Athletic career
Olympics
Hug competed in their first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took eighth place with a total time of 1:49:21.30. At the following games, Hug competed again in the triathlon competition, placing 40th with a time of 2:01:40.43. In 2008, Hug returned to the Olympics and placed 29th in triathlon with a time of 1:52:04.93.
ITU events
In International Triathlon Union (ITU), Hug has taken 2nd at the 2005 ITU Triathlon World Championships and placed 3rd at the 2008 ITU Triathlon World Championships.  They are also the 1999 ETU Triathlon European Champion.
Following the end of 2012 season they retired from professional sport.  They are married to Swiss triathlete Nicola Spirig. They have a son, born in 2013 and a daughter, born 2017.
References
1975 births
Living people
Swiss male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Switzerland
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Albert Einstein: The Practical Bohemian is a stage play that is the only show officially endorsed by the Einstein family. A quote from Albert Einstein's first cousin said that the family "felt as though they were in the presence of their dear cousin Albert." The one-man show opened in 1978 written and performed by actor-writer Ed Metzger in Los Angeles, California.
Since that time, they have presented it throughout the world, including the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. The show, co-written by Metzger's wife Laya Gelff, is a portrayal about the man as well as the scientist, creating a portrait of one of the 20th Century's greatest minds, but who harbored dreams of being a solo violinist. The show highlights the curiosity that drove Einstein to seek answers to the mysteries of the universe. It shows their struggle as a pacifist, threatened by anti-semitism and forced to flee Germany, and eventually disappointed that their scientific discoveries were used in the creation of nuclear weapons.
References
External links
Albert Einstein: The Practical Bohemian website
Einstein Quotes
Works about Albert Einstein
Plays by Ed Metzger
1978 plays
Plays based on real people
Plays for one performer
Cultural depictions of Albert Einstein
Plays set in the 20th century
Phillip Buffington (born December 27, 1986) is an American soccer player who has played for Mississippi Brilla, Dandaloo Lions FC, and Harrisburg City Islanders professionally. They're currently coaching at Jackson Academy in Mississippi.  They are the older brother of infamous Liverpool fan, Will Buffington.
Career
College
Buffington attended Jackson Preparatory School and played one year of college soccer at Marshall University before transferring to Mississippi College as a sophomore. At MC they were a three-time All-Conference First Team and All-American Second team pick, and set a school record and tied the conference's all-time mark by scoring 54 goals over three seasons.
During their college years Buffington also played for Mississippi Brilla in the USL Premier Development League, and was Brilla's top scorer in the 2008 season.
Professional
Buffington turned professional when they signed with the Harrisburg City Islanders of the USL Second Division in 2009. They made their professional debut on May 22, 2009 in a 3–0 win over the Charlotte Eagles, and played 21 games for the Islanders after suffering a broken collar bone in preseason camp. Buffington was medically released in May 2010.
Buffington returned to Mississippi Brilla for the 2010 PDL season., scoring six goals in 11 games in their first season back with the team. During the 2010–11 American winter to summer Buffington spent time in Australia with Dandaloo FC in the Illawarra Premier League, scoring 11 goals and adding 6 assist in their time with the club.
Golf
Phillip is a member of Reunion Golf and Country Club in Madison, MS. They once hit a drive on #1 that they were only 5 yds from the green. Unfortunately they skulled their chip 45 ft past the pin and managed to 3 putts for a solid bogey.
References
External links
Harrisburg City Islanders bio
Mississippi College bio
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Jackson, Mississippi
American soccer players
Mississippi Brilla players
Penn FC players
USL League Two players
USL Second Division players
Marshall Thundering Herd men's soccer players
Soccer players from Mississippi
Association football forwards
Oliver James Goodwill (born 25 October 1982) is a British actor and film composer.  They are known to have participated in the music video "Call Me When You're Sober" from the album The Open Door of the rock band Evanescence, and portrayed the main character on the TV series Runaway Stars. Goodwill also works in a band called "Melessa Jean", as a songwriter and drummer.
Filmography
References
External links
www.oliver-goodwill.com/music
Living people
1982 births
English male film actors
English male television actors
English male models
English soul singers
People from Swindon
Actors from Swindon
Male actors from Wiltshire
Musicians from Wiltshire
21st-century English singers
The Fly-Fan Shark is a Slovak light aircraft designed by Frantisek Sustek and initially developed by Fly-Fan of Trenčín. Development continues under the new owner of the design, AENEA Services. The design was introduced at the AERO Friedrichshafen show in 2007 as a mock up and in 2011 as a flying aircraft. The aircraft first flew on 29 June 2011 and is intended to be supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development
The Shark was designed with the goal of providing similar performance to other twin-engined light aircraft, but on 30% less power. It features a cantilever low-wing, a five-seat enclosed cabin, retractable tricycle landing gear and twin wing-mounted engines in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from Kevlar and carbon fibre. Its span wing employs a Jd 16 (40) 162 airfoil at the wing root, transitioning to a Jd 17 (40) 157 at mid-span and a Jd 15 (35) 136 at the wing tip. The wing has an area of and mounts split flaps that can be extended 50°. The standard engines fitted are a pair of Lycoming O-320-D1A four-stroke powerplants.
The aircraft has an empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of .
Specifications (Shark)
References
External links
Low-wing aircraft
2010s Slovak civil aircraft
Twin piston-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 2011
Richard Woodward Colcock (June 6, 1806 in Beaufort, South Carolina – January 9, 1856 in Charleston, South Carolina) was the second Superintendent of the South Carolina Military Academy (now The Citadel) from 1844 through 1852.
Early life
Their father, Charles Jones Colcock, was a prominent South Carolina lawyer who graduated from Princeton College in 1787. As a little boy, Richard's mother Mary Woodward Colcock read the Bible and a book Living Christianity to their young children. There being no schools in the area, Richard W. Colcock was educated at home by two private tutors: John Gates Creagh (an 1813 graduate of South Carolina College) and Elijah Gilbert (an 1815 graduate of South Carolina College with first honors).
Career
Army
Richard W. Colcock was appointed to the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1822 and graduated in 1826. They were in the sixth class from the academy with the new four-year curriculum developed by Major Sylvanus Thayer. They were the 457th graduate of West Point and finished 26th of 41 graduates from their class. The SCMA Board of Visitors appointed Colcock to assume the duties of Superintendent after the death of Captain Graham in 1844.
Prior to becoming Superintendent, Colcock served for ten years as an infantry officer in the U.S. Army. During eight of their ten years of active duty, they fought in the Indian Wars on the Western frontier and the Seminole War in Florida.
Their first assignment after graduation was at Fort Duval, near Silver Springs, Florida. The new territory of Florida, ceded to the United States from Spain in 1821, quickly became a battle ground for a guerrilla war with the Native American tribes of the state. Lieutenant Colcock spent their first two years (1826-1828) at Fort Duval, Fort King, and Cantonment Clinch in Florida.
During their tour in the Florida Territory they were assigned to protect settlers in the newly acquired land. They fought the Seminole Indian Nation during several skirmishes which eventually led to the Second Seminole War (1835-1842). Colcock was reassigned to the "Indian Frontier" in the far west at Jefferson Barracks, Missouri, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas Territory, and on Indian patrol on the Missouri River from 1828-1830. They were assigned to fight the Native Americans in the far west and to protect settlers traveling west during this period. In 1831, Lt Colcock and their infantry company assisted in relocating the Choctaw from their traditional home in Mississippi to Indian Territory (now the state of Oklahoma) in accordance with the Indian Removal Act of 1830. This relocation of thousands of Native Americans was known as the “Trail of Tears”, in which thousands died during the long, hard march to Indian Territory. After their short tour in the “mid-west” they were reassigned to the "north-west" in Iowa Territory.
They served at Fort Atkinson, Iowa Territory and fought in the Black Hawk War from 1831 to 1832 (until the war ended). During these two years, they spent most of their time in the field of battle or pursuing hostile Native Americans. When the Black Hawk War officially ended, they were reassigned to Fort Towson, Indian Territory (Oklahoma) as Quartermaster.
In 1833, they were assigned to the south-west corner of the United States border with Texas at Fort Jesup, Louisiana. From 1834 to 1836, First Lieutenant Colcock returned to West Point as an engineer and as an instructor. During their last year in the U.S. Army, they served as Instructor of Infantry Tactics at West Point. Colcock, spent a grueling 10 years in the U.S. Army with most of their time spent fighting Native Americans on the western frontier and in Florida. Colcock became gravely ill due to the hardships and exposure they endured on frontier duty. They resigned from the Army with effect from April 1, 1836 and returned to their home in Beaufort, South Carolina.
South Carolina Military Academy
From 1836-1842 they served as Superintendent of Public Works for the State of South Carolina. They were admitted to the Beaufort, South Carolina Bar in December 1842 and served as a lawyer with their brother William Colcock just prior to their appointment as Superintendent of the SCMA in 1844. Colonel John P. Thomas (class of 1851) described Colcock as a superintendent that "contributed largely to the development of its fortunes, especially as a school of arms." Colcock was known as a strict disciplinarian. "His disciplinary methods consisted in the steady application of law, carried out in military fashion."
Colcock continued the work that Captain Graham started in 1843-1844. In the first decade of the SCMA existence, the influence of the West Point model was clearly evident. The first two Superintendents were West Pointers and several key staff and professors were also educated at the national military academy. Both Captain Graham and Major Colcock were intimately familiar with West Point's "Thayer System" of instruction. (Major Thayer was known as the "Father of West Point" and established the four-year curriculum that was adapted for The South Carolina Military Academy by Graham and Colcock.)
Colcock succeeded in providing a military education tailored for the citizen soldier. In 1846, the first graduation exercises were held. Six men graduated with Cadet Charles C. Tew as the first honor graduate. Also in that year, the United States declared war on Mexico following several border disputes in Texas. The SCMA trained the South Carolina volunteers of the Palmetto Regiment headed for the Mexican War.
An early supporter of the SCMA and former Governor of South Carolina, Pierce Mason Butler, requested that the Palmetto Regiment be trained at the Citadel Academy in Charleston, one of the 2 schools that made up the SCMA, (the other being the Arsenal Academy in Columbia). Butler, a veteran of the Seminole War in Florida, was appointed Colonel and Commander of the Palmetto Regiment. Major Colcock developed the "Drillmaster" concept to train troops in preparation for war. The faculty, staff, and cadets instructed the Palmetto Regiment in drill, infantry, and artillery tactics prior to their departure for Texas and Mexico. This new and innovative concept was to be used later by The Citadel, VMI, and other southern military colleges to train troops during the Civil War.
The Citadel training followed the Palmetto Regiment to Mexico City where they were the first to raise a U.S. flag over the capitol of Mexico City. The regiment fought side by side with a battalion of U.S. Marines through the "Halls of Montezuma" in Chapultepec and Mexico City. Cadets and graduates of The Citadel performed brilliantly in support of the Mexican War due in large part to the efforts of Colcock and their extensive experience as a combat infantry officer in the U.S. Army and a Military Tactics Instructor at West Point.
The SCMAs post Mexican War years were marked by several improvements in the curriculum and the buildings on the Citadel Academy campus, which were spearheaded by Colcock. In 1849, a third story was added to the barracks to accommodate more cadets. The last major celebration of victory in Mexico occurred on Friday, March 9, 1849 during the visit of President James K. Polk to Charleston. The Citadel Academy also hosted a parade for President James K. Polk during their visit to Charleston. The Citadel and the Citadel Green also served as the site to honor John C. Calhoun, U.S. Senator, U.S. Vice President, and Secretary of War after their death in April 1850. The Citadel Academy and the Corps of Cadets served in the procession as their body was marched from the Citadel Green down King Street, other streets to the Battery, and finally to St Phillip's Church prior to their burial two days later.
In 1852, after more than 8 years as Superintendent, Colcock returned to practicing law and then briefly served in the U.S. Customs prior to their death January 9, 1856. A tough 10-year tour in the U.S. Army followed by eight years at SCMA took a toll. Three cadets that graduated during their administration would later become Superintendent of the South Carolina Military Academy. One of the original faculty officers under their administration (Maj Francis W. Capers) followed them as Superintendent. Colcock was buried with their wife who preceded him, in St. Michael's Episcopal Church (Charleston, South Carolina). They died at 49 years of age.
External links
Citadel History - Major Richard W. Colcock
Presidents of The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina
1806 births
1856 deaths
People from Beaufort, South Carolina
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army officers
Pterostylis irsoniana is a species of greenhood orchid endemic to New Zealand. There are up to five erect leaves on the flowering stem with a single dark green flower with white stripes and a reddish tinge on the tips. It has a distinctive curved labellum with a curled tip with a dark red callus.
Description
Pterostylis irsoniana is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and three to five stem leaves increasing in size up to stem where the largest leaf is up to long and wide. The leaves are linear to lance-shaped, green with a reddish tinge and the uppermost leaf is taller than the flower. There is a single dark green flower with a reddish tinge near the tips borne on a flowering stem up to tall. The dorsal sepal and petals are fused, forming a hood or "galea" over the column. The dorsal sepal is long and curves forward with a short-pointed tip. The lateral sepals are erect, in close contact with the galea with their tips spreading apart slightly from each other. The labellum is gently curved then suddenly curls downward at its tip with a dark red or blackish callus. Flowering occurs from October to January.
Taxonomy and naming
Pterostylis irsoniana was first formally described in 1950 by Edwin Hatch from a specimen collected at in the Egmont National Park. The description was published in Transactions and Proceedings of the Royal Society of New Zealand. The specific epithet (irsoniana) is a derived from the names of J. Bruce Irwin and O.E. Gibson "who between them have done much to elucidate the orchid flora of Mount Egmont".
Distribution and habitat
This greenhood grows in grass and montane forests of Nothofagus and subalpine Podocarpus scrub, often in deep leaf litter or on the edge of bogs. In the North Island it occurs from East Cape to Wellington and in the South Island on the western side as far south as Haast.
References
irsoniana
Orchids of New Zealand
Plants described in 1950
The European Respiratory Society, or ERS, is a non-profit organization with offices in Lausanne, Brussels and Sheffield. It was founded in 1990 in the field of respiratory medicine. The organization was formed with the merger of the Societas Europaea Physiologiae Clinicae Respoiratoriae (founded in 1966) and the European Society of Pneumology (founded 1981). The organization's membership is made up of medical professionals and scientists working in the area of respiratory medicine.
ERS founded the European Lung Foundation (ELF) in 2000. The foundation aims to bring together patients and the public with respiratory professionals to positively influence lung health.
Activities
The ERS publishes academic journals and books as well as hosting events aimed at educating health professionals, including a large annual congress. The organization's stated goal is to "promote lung health in order to alleviate suffering from disease and drive standards for respiratory medicine globally".
Publications
The ERS publishes a range of journals, books and one-off projects.
The European Respiratory Journal is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal, indexed in Medline. Its Impact Factor is 12.242. The chief editor is Martin Kolb.
The European Respiratory Review is published quarterly and focuses on state-of-the-art reviews, updates, editorials and correspondence on current topical issues in respiratory medicine, science and surgery. Its chief editor is Sergio Harari.
ERJ Open Research is an online-only open access research journal, launched in 2015. Its chief editor is Anita K. Simonds.
Breathe is a clinically focused educational journal, also published quarterly. Its chief editor is Renata L. Riha.
The ERS Monograph is a quarterly book series. Each book, guest edited by leaders in the field, focuses on a particular area of respiratory medicine and explores it in depth. The series editor is Robert Bals.
The ERS Handbooks are a series of textbooks that aim to cover a broad area of respiratory medicine in a concise yet comprehensive way. Available titles cover a range of areas, and a self-assessment book is available. The Handbooks tie in with the ERS HERMES projects to harmonise respiratory medical education across Europe.
The ERS Buyers' Guide to Respiratory Care Products is no longer published.
In addition to these publications, the ERS publishes the European Lung White Book - a survey of the impact of respiratory disease across Europe, and has published the one-off booklets Air Quality and Health and the European Respiratory Roadmap as well as the European COPD Audit Report and reports on global respiratory health, published on behalf of the Forum of International Respiratory Societies.
See also
European Sleep Apnea Database
German Respiratory Society
Kazakhstan National Respiratory Society
American Association for Respiratory Care
References
International medical associations of Europe
Organizations established in 1990
Charities based in Switzerland
Pulmonology and respiratory therapy organizations
The 8th SS Police Regiment () was initially named the 8th Police Regiment (Polizei-Regiment 8) when it was formed in 1942 from existing Order Police (Ordnungspolizei) units for security duties on the Eastern Front. It was redesignated as an SS unit in early 1943.
Formation and organization
The regiment was ordered formed in July 1942 in Russia, but the regimental headquarters was not formed until 2 September. Police Battalion 91 (Polizei-Batallion 91), Police Battalion 111 and Police Battalion 134 were redesignated as the regiment's first through third battalions, respectively. All of the police regiments were redesignated as SS police units on 24 February 1943.
The regimental headquarters was destroyed in January 1943 and its remnants were withdrawn to Gotenhafen-Adlershorst, (now [Gdynia-Orłowo], Poland), where they were used to helping form the first battalion of the 36th Police Rifle Regiment (Polizei-Schützen Regiment 36) in mid-1943. Its battalions, however, were assigned to different German Army security divisions and did not suffer its fate.
The 8th SS Police Regiment was reformed in November 1944, presumably in the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, with four newly raised battalions. The regiment fought in Hungary in 1944–45 and it may have been deployed near Stettin, Germany (now Szczecin, Poland), in March 1945. Its fourth battalion was disbanded in April.
Notes
References
Arico, Massimo. Ordnungspolizei: Encyclopedia of the German Police Battalions, Stockholm: Leandoer and Ekholm (2010).
Blood, Phillip W. Hitler's Bandit Hunters: The SS and the Nazi Occupation of Europe, Washington, D.C.: Potomac Books (2006).
Tessin, Georg & Kannapin, Norbert. Waffen-SS under Ordnungspolizei im Kriegseinsatz 1939–1945: Ein Überlick anhand der Feldpostübersicht, Osnabrück, Germany: Biblio Verlag (2000).
HIP 13044 is a red horizontal-branch star about 2,300 light years (700 pc) from Earth in the constellation Fornax. The star is part of the Helmi stream, a former dwarf galaxy that merged with the Milky Way between six and nine billion years ago. As a result, HIP 13044 circles the galactic center at a highly irregular orbit with respect to the galactic plane. HIP 13044 is slightly less massive than the Sun, but is approximately seven times its size. The star, which is estimated to be at least nine billion years old, has passed the red-giant phase. The relatively fast rotation of the star may be due to having engulfed one or more planets during the red-giant phase.
Observational history
A science team from the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy first observed HIP 13044 using Fiber-fed Extended Range Optical Spectrograph (FEROS) at the European Southern Observatory's La Silla Observatory in Chile. The first follow-up led to the collection of 36 radial velocity measurements taken between September 2009 and July 2010.
The team also used photometric data that had been passively collected by and publicly released into the archive of the SuperWASP collaboration, which had been observing the region where the star was located. In this data, HIP 13044 was found to oscillate; the signal was blocked roughly every sixteen days. Analysis of the SuperWASP and FEROS data led to the supposed discovery of the planet HIP 13044 b, although this claim was later refuted.
Characteristics
HIP 13044 is an F-type star located approximately 701 parsecs (2,286 light years) from Earth in the Helmi stream—a group of low-metallicity stars moving with large velocities relative to the Sun. The star follows an eccentric galactic orbit, with a distance from the galactic center ranging from 7 to 16 kiloparsecs. The orbit does not lie in the galactic plane, and can reach distances as high as 13 kpc above it. This indicates that it once was part of a satellite galaxy of the Milky Way that was disrupted 6–9 billion years ago. The star itself is estimated to be at least nine billion years old.
HIP 13044 is fairly evolved star fusing helium in its core, and has therefore already passed the red-giant phase of its evolution. It lies near the blue end of the red horizontal branch bordering the instability strip. Its surface temperature is about 6025 K and its radius is approximately 6.7 solar radii. HIP 13044's mass is estimated to be 0.8 solar masses. Having a rotation period of 5–6 days, HIP 13044 is a fast-rotating star for its type. It is possible that this is because it has swallowed planets during its red-giant phase.
HIP 13044 has an apparent magnitude of 9.94 and cannot be seen with the unaided eye.
Claims of a planetary system
In 2010, it was announced that a giant planet in a 16.2-day orbit had been discovered by the radial velocity measurements. This would have had implications for planet formation in metal-poor systems and survival of planets being engulfed by expanded giant stars. Subsequent analysis of the data revealed problems with the detection: for example an erroneous barycentric correction had been applied (the same error had also led to claims of planets around HIP 11952 that were subsequently refuted). After applying the corrections, there is no evidence for a planet orbiting the star.
References
F-type giants
Horizontal-branch stars
Hypothetical planetary systems
Fornax (constellation)
CD-36 01052
013044
1974 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 68th water polo championship in Hungary. There were twelve teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1974 in water polo
1974 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Smithfield Presbyterian Church may refer to:
Smithfield Presbyterian Church (Amenia, New York), listed on the NRHP
Smithfield Presbyterian Church (Peterboro, New York), listed on the NRHP
Dick Fowler may refer to:
Dick Fowler (baseball) (1921–1972), baseball pitcher
Dick Fowler (footballer) (born 1890), Australian footballer
Dick Fowler (politician) (1932–2012), former member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta
John Richard Fowler (1927–2007), known as Dick, local politician in Memphis, Texas
See also
Richard Fowler (disambiguation)
"Bro Hymn" is a song by American punk rock band Pennywise. It is the last track on both their 1991 self-titled debut album, and 1997's Full Circle as "Bro Hymn (Tribute)". Its lyrics are about the death of bassist Jason Thirsk's friends Tim Colvin and Carlos Canton (who both died in separate motorcycle accidents), and Tom Nichols (who drowned at Hermosa Beach Pier in 1988).
In 1996, following the death of Thirsk, "Bro Hymn" was recorded again for their fourth album Full Circle as "Bro Hymn Tribute", which is dedicated to him. On this version, one of the lines from the original, "Canton, Colvin, Nichols, this one's for you", is replaced with "Jason Matthew Thirsk, this one's for you". In addition, "To all my friends" was replaced with "To our best friend", "Especially those who weren't with us too long" was replaced with "Though you weren't with us too long," in reference to Thirsk being the band's first bassist, "Life is the most precious thing you can lose" having the words "is" and "you can" being replaced with "was" and "we could", and the final "Canton, Colvin, Nichols, this one's for you" being replaced with "Jason, my brother, this one's for you". This version of "Bro Hymn" was not a hit song on the charts, but today receives substantial radio play.
When Pennywise perform the song live, they mix the lyrics from the original and "Tribute".
Bassnectar's song "Pennywise Tribute" on their Vava Voom album is a remix of "Bro Hymn (Tribute)".
"Bro Hymn" is the anthem for many sports teams around the world:
The National Hockey League's Anaheim Ducks play it after each home goal since the 2005–06 season. When the Ducks won in the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals, the band played Bro Hymn live at the team's victory rally. This version was extended to cover the time it took the team to travel the red carpet and reach the stage with the Stanley Cup. Lyrics of the song were also changed to "Anaheim Ducks, this one's for you..."
The National Hockey League's Philadelphia Flyers also used "Bro Hymn" from the 2007–08 season to the end of the 2010-11 regular season for each Flyers goal scored at home.
The National Hockey League's New York Islanders made this their goal song on December 12, 2009.
The official goal song of the German soccer club and 2007 champion VfB Stuttgart since the 06/07 season and is played after each home goal. The band performed the song once in the stadium when they were touring Europe.
The official goal song of the Dutch soccer club Vitesse Arnhem
The United Hockey League's Bloomington Prairie Thunder since their inaugural season (06/07), and is played after every home goal
The Belgian soccer club K.R.C. Genk
The Belgian soccer club Zulte Waregem
The American Major League Soccer soccer club Houston Dynamo goal song
The American Hockey League's Texas Stars have used it as their goal song since their inaugural 2009–10 season
Played by the Seattle Sounders band before the march to the stadium from Pioneer Square at the MLS Cup 2009
National Football League Arizona Cardinals used it for touchdown song in the 2008 season
The National Lacrosse League Rochester Knighthawks currently use it as goal celebration song
The National Lacrosse League New York Titans used the song before they folded
The Major League Soccer San Jose Quakes use it for celebrating home goals during the 2010 season
The Canadian Football League Montreal Alouettes play it whenever they get a first down at home
The Jacksonville Jaguars played this song after a win during the 2010 season, and began playing it after touchdowns during the 2011 season.
The Los Angeles Chargers, during their last few seasons in San Diego, played the song after a win.
Twice used as the entrance song for UFC Light Heavyweight fighter Jason Brilz.
The San Diego Padres used this song as the victory song at Petco Park in the early 2010's and again for the 2020 season.
The Los Angeles Angels use this song whenever they hit a home run at home.
Team Canada used this song whenever they scored a goal in the 2018 Winter Olympics
The Providence Bruins of the AHL have used this as their goal song at home games since the 2015 - 2016 season
The Stockton Heat of the AHL have used this as their goal song at home games during the 2019 - 20 AHL Season.
The Official 9:15 Song for the Iron Order Motorcycle Club.
The professional wrestler Biff Busick has used this song on numerous occasions as their entrance song. Their theme song in WWE, which they used under their "Oney Lorcan" moniker, was inspired by Bro Hymn.
References
Pennywise (band) songs
1991 songs
Songs based on real people
Anaheim Ducks
Jan Olof Scherman (born 21 June 1950) is a Swedish journalist and previously CEO for the Sweden-based TV company TV4 AB.  They are active in political debate and was a major critic of the Göran Persson cabinet.  They are also second cousin of the recording artist Cat Stevens.
Scherman revealed in an interview in the radio program Ekots lördagsintervju, in early January 2004, that they had been threatened by Persson after the end of broadcasting a debate between the party leaders on 10 September, before the 2002 election. According to Scherman, who retold the story both in an article in the newspaper Expressen a week later, and later before a Riksdag Committee, the Swedish prime minister had complained that the debate moderators, Lennart Ekdal and Alice Bah had done a bad job, and accused Scherman and their staff of "investing heavily" in a non-Socialist victory in the election, pointing out how this policy would lead to them making enemies in Rosenbad, the government offices in Stockholm, if the Social Democrats would retain power in the election. Scherman also claimed that it became more difficult for TV4 to get access to Persson after 10 September and pointed out Björn Rosengren, another prominent Social Democratic politician, had called them to complain that TV4 was biased against the Social Democrats. According to Scherman, Olof Palme and Carl Bildt had also had their own favorites among reporters, denying access to others. Scherman called it "a Swedish version of the Italian Berlusconi model". The issue was reported to the Riksdag Committee on the Constitution which questioned Scherman on the issue before the Committee on 15 April 2004 and Persson on 20 April.
In the interrogation with the Committee on the Constitution, Persson agreed that they had found the debate badly organised and the questioning of themselves very aggressive. They admitted to having told Scherman what they thought about the debate at the buffet afterwards; they stated that they could not remember exactly how they expressed themselves but denied having threatened Scherman and claimed that, had they done so, Scherman would obviously have made news out of it. They also denied having shown any partiality against TV4. As there were no witnesses to the conversation, the Committee concluded that it would not be possible to state with certainty what had been said.
Scherman is also known for having criticized the Stenbeck-owned Modern Times Group media corporation, the main owner of the competing channel TV3, which owned a part of TV4 AB and was represented on the board for sabotaging board meetings and working against the interest of TV4. MTG applied to be given the concession previously possessed by TV4. Scherman requested that MTG would sell their TV 4 shares Shortly after publicizing their claims concerning Persson, Scherman was themselves accused of being a too powerful figure and compared to Silvio Berlusconi by Hans-Holger Albrecht, CEO of MTG, which owns the competing channel TV3. It was later reported that MTG sold their shares to the investment company Proventus, and in 2005 TV4 AB and MTG entered an agreement where TV4 AB channels would be distributed through the MTG-owned cable network Viasat.
Notes
References
Albrecht, Hans-Holger: "Jan Scherman är Sveriges Berlusconi", Dagens Nyheter, 29 January 2004
Madestrand, Bo: "Persson hotade TV4 hävdar Scherman", Dagens Nyheter April 15, 2004.
Scherman, Jan: "Jan Scherman om Göran Perssons hotelser"; Expressen, January 7, 2004.
Tidningarnas Telegrambyrå (news agency), "Scherman sluter fred med MTG", published on website Realtid.se, February 2, 2005.
Konstitutionsutskottets betänkande, 2003/04:KU20: Granskningsbetänkande (Report of the investigation by the Riksdag Committee on the Constitution).
"MTG bör sälja sina aktier i TV4", Privata Affärer online.
Swedish journalists
Swedish people of Jewish descent
Living people
Swedish television executives
1950 births
People from Filipstad
Kobło is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 328.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Central Congregational Church is a United Church of Christ congregation established in 1852 in Providence, Rhode Island.
The current church building at 296 Angell Street was built in 1893, designed by New York architectural firm Carrère and Hastings. It is part of the Stimson Avenue Historic District.
The church has a long tradition of social and community work in the Providence area, the United States and around the world.
History
The church's history traces back to the 1830s, when Providence Congregationalists sought a new place of worship on the east side of the river. They received a charter for the Benefit Street Congregational Society in 1836 but faced difficulties obtaining land. The organization received a new charter in 1850, and changed its name to the Central Congregational Society in 1851.
Among the early leaders in the church were John Kingsbury, William J. King, George L. Claflin, William J. Cross, and Nancy Marsh.
The church called the Rev. Leonard Swain from Nashua, New Hampshire to be its minister in 1852. Rev. Swain insisted that the church pay off all its debts before they accepted their call. Leonard Swain died at age 48 in 1869, while serving as minister.
For the church's 50th anniversary in 1902, longtime deacon Moses E. Torrey wrote of the founding of the church and the pastorate of Leonard Swain. After Torrey's address, the Rev. George Harris, the Rev. Charles W. Huntington, and the Rev. Edward C. Moore each wrote of their successive pastorates. During Moore's tenure, the church made the transition from its original Benefit Street building to a new edifice on Angell Street and Diman Place. Rev. Moore resigned to become Parkman Professor of Theology at Harvard University in 1902, the year of the church's 50th anniversary. At this time, Gregory D. Walcott was the Assistant Minister, and the diaconate consisted of Moses E. Torrey, Edwin Barrows, Thomas B. Stockwell, John W. Danielson, Frederick H. Fuller, Arthur W. Fairchild, Frederick H. Jackson, and James C. Kimball.
The church supported the founding of the first Cape Verdean Protestant church in America, now called Sheldon Street Church.
Architecture
Original Building
The original building of Central Congregational Church is a brownstone Romanesque structure at 226 Benefit Street, designed by Thomas Tefft and built from 1853-1856.
The site was determined by a building committee of James Y. Smith, John Kingsbury, and William Foster, with a groundbreaking in 1851.
The Congregation outgrew this building in the College Hill Historic District, and moved to its current location in the 1890s. The old building is now part of the Rhode Island School of Design, and is known as Memorial Hall.
Current Building
A committee of Francis W. Carpenter, John W. Danielson, Frederick Fuller, Frederick C. Sayles, and Frederic Talbot recommended the move to the corner of Angell Street and Diman Place.
For the new building, architect Thomas Hastings and minister Edward C. Moore wanted to use the Renaissance style for its historical associations. The cornerstone was laid in July 1891, and the building was dedicated in November 1893. Franklin J. Sawtelle served as supervising and constructing architect.
The dome and vaulting of the current structure is of tiles by Rafael Guastavino, it is the first dome that they constructed in the U.S. The dome and vaulting originally featured exposed red Guastavino tile on its exterior, but this was later covered with copper. The original towers were damaged in storms, and were replaced in 1958.
The interior features oak woodwork. Some work was completed by Pottier & Stymus.
The primary interior decoration is focused on the pulpit and the chancel.
Chancel
Francis W. Carpenter funded the chancel apse decoration, which was executed by Herman T. Schladermundt of New York. The First Century of Central Congregational Church (1952) describes the painted scenes:
The communion table was "purchased from the legacy of Miss Nancy Marsh." The Gorham bronze lectern was a gift of the Young People's Societies.
Stained Glass
The round stained-glass windows under the dome were the work of the J&R Lamb Studios and the Decorative Stained Glass Company, and were installed when the church was built.
The larger stained-glass windows were designed by Jacob Holzer with work by the Duffner and Kimberly Company, and were installed over several years in the early 20th century. They depict the creation of the earth in the east and the heavenly city in the west, and are described as 'unsurpassed in the state.' The First Century of Central Congregational Church (1952) provides a description of the window plan:
An additional backlit stained-glass pendant was added at the corner of the side aisle and the East Transept in 1950. It was given by former organist, Helen Hogan Coome, who with church support ministered to Londoners suffering after The Blitz. The pendant is a depiction of the church, designed by an artist that Coome helped.
It is described in the 1952 Anniversary Calendar:
Organ
The current Aeolian-Skinner organ was installed in 1965 and dedicated to the Reverend Arthur Howe Bradford. It replaced an organ built by Austin Organs in 1917, which replaced a Farrand & Votey Organ Company instrument. The installation included a new organ screen and the extension of the choir loft. It contains four divisions, 58 ranks and a total of 3,456 pipes, and was restored in 2009.
Chapel Hall
Before the construction of the present sanctuary, the church built Memorial Chapel, now known as Chapel Hall. The Chapel was given to the church by Mr. and Mrs. John W. Danielson and Miss Amelia Lockwood, in memory of Amos DeForest Lockwood and Amelia Fuller Lockwood. It was first used on Easter Sunday, April 17, 1892.
Education Wing
Between 1928 and 1932, the church added a large Church School building, and renovated and expanded other facilities, including the Memorial Chapel. The architects for these additions were Jackson, Robertson & Adams. The Education Wing contains a large basement recreation room, known as the Makepeace Room.
Wilson Chapel
In 1964, the side-facing pews in the West Transept were re-arranged to face forward, creating the Wilson Chapel. It is named in honor of the Rev. William Croft Wilson, a young associate minister of the church who died very suddenly.
Senior Ministers
To date, there have been ten Senior Ministers of Central Congregational Church:
Leonard Swain, D.D. 1852-1869
George Harris Jr., D.D. 1872-1883
Charles W. Huntington, D.D. 1884-1888
Edward C. Moore, D.D. 1889-1902
Edward F. Sanderson, B.D. 1903-1908
Gaius Glenn Atkins, D.D. 1910-1917
Arthur H. Bradford, D.D. 1918-1952
Lawrence L. Durgin, D.D. 1952-1961
Raymond E. Gibson, Ph.D. 1961-1988
Rebecca L. Spencer, M.Div. 1988-
Gallery
See also
Hamilton House, a non-profit next door at 276 Angell Street, also designed by Carrere and Hastings
References
External links
Central Congregational Church official website
Finery on Easter, when and where?
David Brussat: The rise and fall of the Guastavino tile
SAH Archipedia: Central Congregational Church
The Central Congregational Church, Providence
Churches in Providence, Rhode Island
United Church of Christ churches in Rhode Island
Carrère and Hastings buildings
Churches completed in 1893
Church buildings with domes
Frank Rodney Reed (born May 13, 1954) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for five seasons in the National Football League (NFL) with the Atlanta Falcons.
Playing career
Before the 1981 season, the Falcons traded Reed to the Green Bay Packers with Dewey McClain for Steve Luke and a draft pick. In 1983 they played for the Birmingham Stallions of the United States Football League.
References
1954 births
Living people
American football cornerbacks
American football safeties
Atlanta Falcons players
Birmingham Stallions players
Washington Huskies football players
Players of American football from Seattle
Miller Crag () is a bold and conspicuous outcropping of bare rock high, standing west-southwest of Sutley Peak in the western extremity of the Jones Mountains in Antarctica. It was mapped by the University of Minnesota Jones Mountains Party of 1960–61, who named it for Thomas P. Miller, a geologist with the party.
References
Cliffs of Ellsworth Land
Megalocornea-intellectual disability syndrome, also known as Neuhauser syndrome, is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by megalocornea, hypotonia from birth, variable intellectual disabilities, psychomotor delays, developmental delays, and facial dysmorphisms such as round face, frontal bossing, antimongoloid slants of the eyes, epicanthal fold, large, low-set ears, broad nasal bridge, nostril anteversion, and increased length of the upper lip. According to OMIM, only 24 cases have been described in medical literature.
References
Rare genetic syndromes
Syndromes with intellectual disability
Syndromes affecting the cornea
Pat Henry may refer to:
Pat Henry (athletics coach) (born 1951), track & field coach at Texas A&M University
Pat Henry (politician) (1861–1933), U.S. Representative from Mississippi
Pat Henry (comedian) (1924–1982), American comedian
Pat Henry, chairperson of the Atlanta convention Dragon Con
See also
Patrick Henry (disambiguation)
The 1941 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1941. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land. 1941 season was the last season before Monthly Weather Review stopped publishing temporarily due to World War II.
Systems
Tropical Storm One
On July 3, a tropical cyclone was spotted, and a pressure of was reported. It possibly headed northeast, towards Cape Corrientes, as a tropical cyclone was spotted in that direction on July 6. However, it is possible that these observations were actually of two different tropical cyclones.
Tropical Cyclone Two
A tropical cyclone was spotted on July 15, south of Mexico. The next day, another cyclone was spotted further to the west. On July 18, weather possibly associated with a tropical cyclone was reported south of Cabo San Lucas. It is unknown whether either one of these two latter observations are of the same system as reported on July 15.
Possible Tropical Cyclone Three
On July 21, a possible tropical cyclone was detected.
Tropical Cyclone Four
On August 16, a tropical cyclone formed well off the coast of Mexico. It tracked generally northwest, and dissipated in the central Pacific north-northeast of the Hawaiian Islands on August 24. The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
Hurricane Five
A tropical storm was first reported on September 8. The storm quickly intensified, becoming a mid-level tropical storm the next day. Subsequently, the storm attained its lowest reported pressure of . It slowly moved northwestward, and entered the Gulf of California. After slamming into the southern portion of Baja California Sur,< when winds were measured at . The hurricane was last observed on September 12.
Strong winds and heavy rain lashed the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula for 48 hours, lasting until late September 12. The wind destroyed poorer sections of La Paz and nearby villages. Two villages, Santiago and Triunfo, were completely destroyed. The torrential rains damaged many highways across the peninsula and left thousands homeless. The tuna canning industry declined rapidly in San José del Cabo.
The port town of Cabo San Lucas was washed away and mostly destroyed due to flooding Furthermore, "great loss of life" was reported. Initially following the system, activity among surrounding areas of the village ceased. As of 1966, this tropical cyclone is regarded as one of the worst storms to affect the city. Meanwhile, one of the town's suburbs was forced to relocate inland.
Throughout the peninsula, 15 people were killed, and many were injured. According to press reports from Mexico City, the hurricane was considered the worst system to affect the state since the dawn of the 20th century. Moisture from this hurricane passed into the southwestern United States, where it caused rain of up to in the mountains and deserts of California. From September 16 to 22, cloudiness and showers were reported along the southern portion of the state.
Hurricane Six and Seven
A storm was first spotted September 17, and another was reported nearby the next day. These two systems then merged. The combined tropical cyclone subsequently became a very intense hurricane on September 19. That day, a ship passing through the eye reported a rapidly falling pressure that bottomed out at . At that time, the low was the strongest hurricane in the basin since 1939 and second strongest ever recorded. The hurricane then weakened, and entered the Gulf of California on September 20, at which point it was lost track of by meteorologists.
Tropical Disturbance Eight
Later in the month, from September 21 to September 24, a tropical disturbance was noted south of the Mexican coast, but failed to develop further.
Tropical Storm Nine
A tropical storm was reported on November 2 and 4. A ship reported a pressure of .
Tropical Storm Ten
Another tropical storm was detected on November 3. It was reportedly very small. A ship reported a pressure of . This cyclone was unusually close to the equator, at latitude 7°30.
See also
1941 Atlantic hurricane season
1941 Pacific typhoon season
1940s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1941 in Mexico
Pacific hurricane seasons
1940s Pacific hurricane seasons
Władysławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Kwon Young-il is a South Korean male curler and curling coach.
At the international level, they are a and 2007 Asian Winter Games champion curler.
Teams
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Living people
South Korean male curlers
Curlers at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games medalists in curling
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
South Korean curling coaches
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Tuscaloosa metropolitan area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of three counties in west central Alabama, anchored by the city of Tuscaloosa. As of the 2020 census, the MSA had a population of 268,674.
Counties
Hale
Tuscaloosa
Pickens
Communities
Places with more than 100,000 inhabitants
Tuscaloosa (Principal city)
Places with 15,000 to 25,000 inhabitants
Northport
Places with 1,000 to 5,000 inhabitants
Brookwood
Coaling
Cottondale (census-designated place)
Eutaw
Greensboro
Holt (census-designated place)
Lake View
Moundville
Places with 500 to 1,000 inhabitants
Akron
Coker
Forkland
Vance (partial)
Woodstock (partial)
Places with less than 500 inhabitants
Boligee
Newbern
Union
Unincorporated places
Crawford Fork
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 192,034 people, 74,863 households, and 48,931 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 63.05% White, 34.61% African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.81% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.52% from other races, and 0.77% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.22% of the population.
The median income for a household in the MSA was $26,687, and the median income for a family was $33,988. Males had a median income of $29,669 versus $20,847 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $15,115.
See also
Alabama census statistical areas
References
Geography of Tuscaloosa County, Alabama
Geography of Greene County, Alabama
Geography of Hale County, Alabama
This is a Timeline of women in Antarctica. This article describes many of the firsts and accomplishments that women from various countries have accomplished in different fields of endeavor on the continent of Antarctica.
650s
650
Māori explorer, Ui-te-rangiora, is described in oral tradition as having reached Antarctic waters.
1770s
1773
The first Western woman to visit the Antarctic region was Louise Séguin, who sailed on the Roland with Yves Joseph de Kerguelen in 1773.
1776-1777
First female scientist in the sub-Antarctic region is botanist valet, Jeanne Baret.
1830s
1833
First written account about sub-Antarctic travel from a woman's perspective is written by Abby Jane Morrell.
1839
An unnamed female castaway who later traveled on the Eliza Scott and Sabrina journeyed "within sight of the continent."
1930s
1931
Norwegian Ingrid Christensen and their companion, Mathilde Wegger, were the first recorded women to see Antarctica.
1935
Caroline Mikkelsen of Denmark becomes the first woman to set foot on Antarctica.
1937
Christensen landed at Scullin Monolith, becoming the first woman to set foot on the Antarctic mainland, followed by their daughter, Augusta Sofie Christensen, and two other women: Lillemor Rachlew, and Solveig Widerøe.
1940s
1947
Jackie Ronne is the first woman to explore Antarctica.
1947-1948
Ronne and Jennie Darlington winter-over. They are the first women to spend a year on Antarctica.
1950s
1956
Geologist Maria Klenova of the Soviet Union was the first woman to begin scientific work in Antarctica. Klenova helped create the first Antarctic atlas.
Jennie Darlington publishes their book about spending a year in Antarctica called My Antarctic Honeymoon.
1957
Ruth Kelley and Pat Heppinstall, airline flight attendantesses, become first women to visit a United States Antarctic base.
1959-1960
Mary Gillham, Susan Ingham, Isobel Bennett and Hope MacPherson became the first British and Australian women scientists to do research in the Antarctic region, joining an Australian National Antarctic Research Expedition trip to Macquarie Island in December 1959.
1960s
1960
Artist Nel Law is the first Australian women to set foot in Antarctica, landing at Mawson and visiting in an unofficial capacity.
1968
First team of Argentinian women work on Antarctica. They include biologist Irene Bernasconi, bacteriologist Maria Adela Caria, biologist Elena Martinez Fontes and Carmen Pujals, a specialist in algae.
The first New Zealand woman to visit the mainland of Antarctica was Marie Darby.
1969
First team of women scientists from the United States, led by Lois Jones, works on Antarctica.
First group of women to reach the pole were Pamela Young, Jean Pearson, Lois Jones, Eileen McSaveney, Kay Lindsay and Terry Tickhill. The women stepped off of the C-130 ramp at the same time.
Christine Müller-Schwarze is the first American woman to do scientific research on the continent of Antarctica.
1970s
1970
Engineer Irene C. Peden is the first United States woman to work in the interior of Antarctica.
1971
New Zealand limnologist Ann Chapman leads a biological survey of frozen lakes in the Taylor Valley, becoming the first woman to lead an Antarctic expedition.
1974
Mary Alice McWhinnie is the chief scientist at McMurdo Station, becoming the first United States woman serving in that capacity on Antarctica.
McWhinnie and Mary Odile Cahoon become the first women to overwinter at McMurdo Station.
Australian women are allowed to travel to the Australian Antarctic Territory (AAT).
1974-1975
First women civilian contractors on Antarctica were Elena Marty and Jan Boyd.
1975
Eleanor Honnywill is the first woman to be awarded the Fuchs Medal from the British Antarctic Survey (BAS).
The House of Representatives in Australia is asked how many women have gone to Antarctica so far: the answer is one.
1975-1976
Mary Alice McWhinnie is the first woman scientist to work at Palmer Station.
The first three Australian women to visit the continent of Antarctica in an official capacity -Elizabeth Chipman, Jutta Hösel and Shelagh Robinson visit Casey station for the summer.
1976
Dr Zoe Gardner becomes the first woman to winter with the Australian Antarctic program as a medical officer on sub-Antarctic Macquarie Island.
1977
Meher Moos becomes the first Indian woman to visit Antarctica.
1978
Silvia Morello de Palma of Argentina is the first woman to give birth on Antarctica on January 7.
Margaret Winslow of the United States is the first woman to lead an expedition to Livingston Island, Antarctica
1979
First year the United States Navy advertises for "qualified female volunteers to over-winter in Antarctica."
1978-1979
Michele Eileen Raney is the first woman physician to work year-round on Antarctica. They were also the first woman to winter at the South Pole.
1980s
1981
Dr Louise Holliday is the first woman to winter in Antarctica for the Australian Antarctic program serving as medical officer at Davis station.
1983
First British woman, Janet Thomson, joins the British Antarctic Survey, and becomes the first British woman on Antarctica.
On November 16, American, Brooke Knapp, is the first person to land at McMurdo Station for a round the world flight and the first person to pilot a business jet over both the North and South Poles.
Geologist Sudipta Sengupta and Aditi Pant, a marine biologist are the first women scientists from India to take part in Antarctic Expedition.
1984
Josefina Castellví is the first Spanish woman to participate in and coordinate an international expedition to Antarctica.
1985
First woman married at the South Pole is Patricia Manglicmot to Randall Chambers.
The first women to winter-over at Palmer Station were Ann Wylette and Becky Heimark.
Thea de Moel is the first Dutch woman to reach Antarctica as a crew member aboard the ‘Footsteps of Scott Expedition' ship ‘Southern Quest'.
1986
The first Polar Medal is awarded to a woman, Virginia Fiennes, who was honored for their work in the Transglobe Expedition.
Ann Peoples became the manager of the Berg Field Center in 1986, becoming the first U.S. woman to serve in a "significant leadership role."
1987
Elizabeth Chipman publishes Women on the Ice: A History of Women in the Far South.
1988
American Lisa Densmore is the first woman to summit Mount Vinson.
1987-1988
First South African women to over-winter at Marion Island were Marianna Steenkamp and Marieta Cawood.
1988-1989
Alison J. Clifton commands the Macquarie Island station, becoming the first woman to lead a sub-Antarctic base.
1989
Victoria E. Murden and Shirley Metz are the first women to reach the South Pole by land.
Denise Allen and Dr Lynn Williams are jointly the first women to be awarded the Australian Antarctic Medal.
Australian, Diana Patterson, head of Mawson station, becomes the first female station leader of an Antarctic base.
1989-1990
Joan Russell at Casey station and Monika Puskeppeleit at Georg von Neumayer are the first women to simultaneously lead bases on the continent.
1990s
1990-1991
First all-female over-wintering group spends the winter at Georg von Neumayer, with leader Monika Puskeppeleit.
1991
In-Young Ahn is the first female leader of an Asian research station (King Sejong Station), and the first South Korean woman to step onto Antarctica.
Serap Tilav is the first Turkish woman at the South Pole.
Junko Tabei, who later becomes the first woman to complete the Seven Summits, climbs to the summit of Mount Vinson.
1992
Judy Chesser Coffman, of the U.S. Navy, was the first female helicopter pilot to fly in Antarctica, in support of the National Science Foundation (NSF).
1993
Ann Bancroft leads the first all-woman expedition to the South Pole and becomes the first woman to reach both the South and North Pole.
1994
Liv Arnesen of Norway is the first woman to ski alone to the South Pole.
Miriam-Rose Ungunmerr-Baumann with Lin Onus become the first Indigenous Australians to visit Antarctica.
1996
First year that women over-winter at the Halley Research Station.
1996-1997
Laurence de la Ferrière is the first French woman to cross the Antarctic solo.
Dr. Aithne Rowseis the first South African woman to overwinter in Antarctica 1997 (see SANAE).
1997-1998
Four Ukrainian women visited Antarctica and Ukrainian research station Vernadsky Research Base as part of the 2nd country's Antarctic expedition: geophysicist Maryna Orlova, meteorologists Svitlana Krakovska and Lyudmyla Mankivska, and cook Galyna Kolotnytska.
2000s
2000
Zhao Ping and Lin Qing are the first Chinese women to over-winter at Antarctica.
Fiona Thornewill and Catharine Hartley become the first British women to walk to the South Pole on foot.
Caroline Hamilton and four other women become the first British women to ski to the South Pole as an all-women expedition.
2001
Ann Bancroft and Liv Arnesen are the first women to ski across Antarctica.
2003
Lynne Cox swims more than mile in Antarctic waters.
US Coast Guard pilot Sidonie Bosin is the first female aviation officer in charge of air crews in the Antarctic.
Physician Assistant Heidi Lim Rehm spends first winter at Amundsen–Scott South Pole Station. As of 2020 they hold the record for the most winters spent by a woman at the South Pole. They spent five winters total, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008.
2004
Fiona Thornewill became first British woman to ski solo and unsupported to the South Pole in a record breaking 41 days.
Linda Beilharz is the first Australian woman to ski to the South Pole.
Jackie Ronne publishes their memoirs about their year in Antarctica called Antarctica's First Lady: Memoirs of the First American Woman to Set Foot on the Antarctic Continent and Winter-Over as a Member of a Pioneering Expedition.
2005
Merieme Chadid is the first Moroccan woman on Antarctica.
Loretta Feris is the first black South African woman to work as a principal investigator for an Antarctic project.
2006
Hannah McKeand sets coast-to-pole solo/unsupported record of 39 days, 9 hours and 33 minutes.
Bettine van Vuuren of South Africa is the first female scientist Chief Scientist in the South African National Antarctic Programme's annual relief voyage in 2006.
2007
Clare O'Leary is the first Irish woman to reach the South Pole.
Sarah Ames of Germany is the first woman to complete a marathon on all seven continents.
2008
Sumiyo Tsuzuki is the first Japanese woman to reach the South Pole.
2009
On December 30 several women as part of the Kaspersky Commonwealth Antarctic Expedition, reached the South Pole by ski and set records for their countries. Sophia Pang becomes the first Singaporean woman to reach the South Pole. Reena Kaushal Dharmshaktu become the first Indian woman to ski to the pole. Stephanie Solomonides became the first person from Cyprus to reach the pole.
2010s
2010
Karla Wheelock from Mexico leads the first Latin American expedition in Antarctica.
2011
First woman from Kuwait on Antarctica is Maryam al-Joan.
First African-American woman to reach the South Pole is Barbara Hillary on January 6.  They are also the first African-American woman to have been to both poles.
2012
Felicity Ashton of the United Kingdom is the first person to ski alone across Antarctica, using only their own muscle power.  They are also the first woman to cross Antarctica alone.
The first woman to climb Mount Sidley was sixteen year old Romanian Crina Coco Popescu.
Zeena Al Towayya is the first Omani woman, and Sahar Al Shamrani is the first Saudi woman to travel to Antarctica.
2014
On December 23, the Seven Summits Women Team becomes the first group of Nepali women to climb the Seven Summits when they reach the top of Mount Vinson.
2013
On December 27, 2013 Maria Leijerstam from the United Kingdom became the first person in the world to cycle to the South Pole from the edge of the Antarctic Continent.
2016
First large (78 member) all-women expedition, Homeward Bound, goes to Antarctica.
2018
Linda (Marie) Eketoft, a lawyer and writer from Sweden, became the first woman to Heliski Antarctica on 14 December 2018.
2019
On December 9, 2019: Tynthia (Tia) King becomes the second African American to reach the South Pole.
2020s
2020
Anja Blacha set the record for the longest solo, unsupported, unassisted polar expedition by a woman in 2020.
See also
Arctic exploration
European and American voyages of scientific exploration
Farthest South
History of Antarctica
List of polar explorers
Women in Antarctica
List of Antarctic women
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Women in Antarctica
Antarctica
.
.
History of Antarctica
"Best of Me" is a song by Canadian recording artist Daniel Powter from their third studio album Under the Radar (2008). It was released as a CD Single and digital download on 24 September 2008 as the second single from the album. The song charted in Switzerland for 3 weeks from 15 February to 1 March 2009. The song was written by Daniel Powter and Kara DioGuardi. It was produced by Linda Perry.
Background
Inspired by the creation of "Best of Me", Daniel Powter said: This song is inspired by a state of maintaining the current state, insisting on the best of me, self-redemption. In Daniel's career, they are always trying to reach the expectations of others. It is very difficult, and people feel that people want to get too much from you. Daniel also mentioned in the interview that this song is the best interpretation of himself.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Lead vocals – Daniel Powter
Producers – Linda Perry
Lyrics – Daniel Powter, Kara DioGuardi
Label: Warner Bros.
Music video
A music video was made to promote the single. The video was directed by Diane Martel and shows Powter playing with their piano in front of a cinema screen while the background behind them changes constantly. The main contents of the background pictures shown are: old photos, landscapes and some small items that reflect the details of life.
Chart performance
Re-recordings
Powter would later record an alternative version of Best of Me with the lyric "Though it's not your favorite song" changed to "Even if it's not your favorite song" for their greatest hits album named after the song. The alternative version's lyrics would be then used with a slightly different tune and added backing arrangement for the 2012 version on Powter's fourth studio album, Turn on the Lights.
Cover versions
William Chan, a Hong Kong singer, recorded a cover version in Cantonese for their album in 2009. (Chinese name of the song: "今天終於知道錯")
References
2008 singles
2008 songs
Daniel Powter songs
Warner Records singles
Songs written by Daniel Powter
Songs written by Kara DioGuardi
Soukhyam () is a 2015 Indian Telugu-language romantic action comedy film produced by V. Anand Prasad on Bhavya Creations banner and directed by A.S. Ravi Kumar Chowdary. The film stars Gopichand and Regina Cassandra and also features Mukesh Rishi, Pradeep Rawat, Devan and Brahmanandam in the supporting roles. the music composed by Anup Rubens. Kona Venkat and Gopimohan provided the screenplay, written by Sridhar Sepanna. Prasad Murella is the cinematographer, Gautham Raju is the editor and the film was released on 24 December 2015 on Christmas Eve. The film was a disaster at the box office.
Plot
Srinivas (Gopichand) is a happy-go-lucky guy who has a happy family. They fall in love with a beautiful girl named Sailaja (Regina Cassandra) on a train journey from Hyderabad to Tirupati and woos them By the time Shailu agrees to Seenu's proposal, however, the obstacle in the story comes in the form of their father PR (Devan), who is an influential political broker in Kolkata and Bengal and who wants their daughter to marry the Chief Minister's son. Because of this, they kidnap their daughter. The second issue is that Seenu's father Krishna Rao (Mukesh Rishi) is a modest man who wants to stay away from influential and violent people, so they ask their son to stay away from this mess and move on with their life. On the other hand, unknowingly, Seenu promises Bavuji (Pradeep Rawat), a local goon, to rescue a girl whom they want their son, Arjun (Ambati Arjun) to marry because Bavuji has saved their father from an accident. Shockingly, Shailu turns out to be that girl, and now Seenu has to save Shailu from the clutches of Bavuji and PR and also ensure that they are not forcibly married to anyone. After some routine fights with goons, Seenu gets their girlfriend Shailu and lives happily after.
Cast
Gopichand as Srinivas Rao ("Seenu")
Regina Cassandra as Sailaja (Shailu)
Mukesh Rishi as Krishna Rao, Seenu's father
Pradeep Rawat as Bavuji
Devan as PR, Shailu's father
Bramhanandam as Daya
Jaya Prakash Reddy as Pellikoduku
Posani Krishna Murali as Tirupathi Train Passenger
Prudhviraj as Shivudu
Raghu Babu as Deva, Seenu's uncle
Satya Krishnan as Deva's wife
Satyam Rajesh as Dr. Sidhappa
Sowcar Janaki as Modern Bamma
Pragathi as Sujatha, Seenu's mother
Naramalli Sivaprasad as Perfume Prasad
Saptagiri as Giri
Krishna Bhagawan
Sivaji Raja as Seenu's brother-in-law
Surekha Vani as Seenu's sister
Gundu Sudarshan as Train Passenger
Raghu Karumanchi as Bavuji's henchman
Ambati Arjun as Arjun, Bavuji's son
Chanti as Constable
C. V. Subbareddy
Sarika Ramachandra Rao
Ramachandra
Tarzan Laxminarayana
Rajitha
Apoorva
Jyothi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Anup Rubens and was released on Zee Music Company.
References
External links
2015 films
2010s Telugu-language films
Films scored by Anoop Rubens
2010s masala films
Indian romantic comedy films
Films with screenplays by Kona Venkat
Films shot in Switzerland
Films shot in Hyderabad, India
2015 romantic comedy films
Aubelin Jolicoeur (April 30, 1924 – February 14, 2005) was a Haitian journalist and columnist who frequented Haiti's Hotel Oloffson for 40 years.
Information
They once played piano with Bobby Short at the Oloffson "La Belle Epoque Créole", of the 1970s. They were the inspiration to Petit Pierre in Graham Greene's 1966 novel The Comedians.
References
1924 births
2005 deaths
Haitian journalists
People from Port-au-Prince
20th-century journalists
State Route 109 (SR 109) is a state highway in Houston County in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Alabama. The southern terminus of the highway is at the Florida state line, where it serves as a continuation of State Road 77 (SR 77). The northern terminus of the highway is at an intersection with U.S. Route 231 (US 231) north of Madrid.
Route description
SR 109 is routed along a two-lane road for its entire length. It serves as a connecting route between Graceville, Florida and Dothan, Alabama. Graceville is located approximately south of the Florida state line.
Major intersections
See also
References
109
Transportation in Houston County, Alabama
Huawei P40 is a line of high-end Android-based smartphones manufactured by Huawei. Unveiled on 26 March 2020, they succeed the Huawei P30 in the company's P series line.
Design
The P40 and P40 Pro are constructed with anodized aluminum for the frame, while the back uses Gorilla Glass. The P40 Pro+ uses ceramic for both the frame and the back. The display is flat on the P40, and curved on all sides on the P40 Pro and P40 Pro+; Huawei calls this a Quad-Curve Overflow Display. The top left corner of the display has a pill-shaped cutout for the front-facing camera and ambient/proximity sensors; it also accommodates the infrared face unlock system on the P40 Pro and P40 Pro+. As on the P30 Pro, the P40 Pro and P40 Pro+ replace the traditional earpiece speaker with an "electromagnetic levitation" speaker that vibrates the top of the phone's screen, and have an IR blaster on the top edge. A rectangular module houses the rear cameras, which protrudes slightly from the back panel. The P40 and P40 Pro are available in Silver Frost, Blush Gold, Deep Sea Blue, Ice White and Black, while the P40 Pro+ is available in Ceramic White or Ceramic Black. Additionally, the P40 has an IP53 rating while the P40 Pro and P40 Pro+ have an IP68 rating.
Specifications
Hardware
The P40 series is powered by the HiSilicon Kirin 990 5G processor, meaning that all models will have 5G connectivity standard. However, only "sub-6" 5G is available, meaning the P40 series is not compatible with ultra-fast millimeter-wave (mmWave) networks. The Kirin 990 5G is assisted by the Mali-G76 MP16 GPU. The P40 has 6 or 8 GB of LPDDR4X RAM, while the P40 Pro & P40 Pro+ have 8 GB of LPDDR4X RAM. All models have UFS 3.0: the P40 has 128 or 256 GB, the P40 Pro has 128, 256 or 512 GB and the P40 Pro+ has 256 or 512 GB. Expansion is supported up to 256 GB via Huawei's proprietary Nano Memory card.
The P40's display is carried over from the P30, a 6.1" (154.94mm) 19.5:9 1080p (1080 × 2340) OLED with a 60 Hz refresh rate. The P40 Pro and P40 Pro+ use a larger 6.58" (167.13mm) 19.8:9 1080p+ (1200 × 2640) OLED and a 90Hz refresh rate, as well as support for HDR10 and DCI-P3. In addition to the infrared face unlock system, all P40 models have an optical (under-screen) fingerprint sensor; Huawei claims the sensor is 30% larger and faster than the P30's.
The P40 uses a 3800 mAh battery, while the P40 Pro and P40 Pro+ use a larger 4200 mAh battery. Fast charging is supported on all models, however the P40 does not support wireless charging. The P40 can charge wired up to 22.5 W while the P40 Pro and P40 Pro+ have a max rate of 40 W. Both the P40 Pro and P40 Pro+ are also capable of reverse wireless charging at 27 W, but the P40 Pro+ can charge faster wirelessly at 40 W whereas the P40 Pro can only charge wirelessly at 27 W.
Camera
The Huawei P40 series features Leica optics, and the wide lens on all models is a new "Ultra Vision" 50 MP sensor. Like the P30, the wide lens uses a "SuperSpectrum" image sensor, whose color filter array uses yellow sub-pixels instead of green. Huawei stated that this would allow more light to be captured, and enhanced absorption of red and green colors. The P40's rear camera array consists of a 50 MP wide lens, a 16 MP ultrawide lens and an 8 MP telephoto lens with 3x optical zoom. The P40 Pro increases the resolution of the ultrawide sensor to 40 MP, replaces the standard telephoto lens with a 12 MP periscope sensor capable of 5x optical zoom, and adds a time-of-flight sensor. The P40 Pro+ has two 8 MP telephoto lenses, a standard sensor with 3x optical zoom and a periscope sensor with 10x optical zoom while retaining the time-of-flight sensor. The front-facing camera uses a 32 MP sensor which has autofocus on the P40 Pro and P40 Pro+; an additional depth sensor allows for the face unlock. For both photo and video, pixel binning is used for improved low-light sensitivity, and video can be captured from the wide-angle and telephoto sensors simultaneously with directional audio computed from three omnidirectional microphones. The cameras benefit from an XD Fusion Image Engine which enables advanced computational photography, as well as an "Octa" phase-detection autofocus system for faster autofocus and improved white balance sensors on the P40 Pro+. The software is also improved with a new Golden Snap feature that takes a burst of HDR+ photos and automatically picks the best shots. A Profoto studio light will be available as an accessory as well.
Software
The P40 series ships with EMUI 10.1, which is based on the Android 10 source code. Due to the ongoing United States sanctions against Huawei, international models of the P40 will not ship with or support Google Mobile Services — the proprietary software suite (including Google Play-branded software) shipped on certified Android devices, and Huawei is not allowed to market the device using the Android trademark.
The P40 series support Huawei Mobile Services uses Huawei AppGallery as its main app store. Furthermore, a new app known as Petal Search was introduced, which includes web search via France-based Qwant and Russia-based Yandex, as well as the ability to search for third-party apps via other Android app stores and APK mirroring websites. The P40 series introduces a new in-house voice assistant, Celia, in selected markets, which also includes integration with the device's AI Lens features.
Reception
The P40 Pro gets a Photo score of 140 points and the best Video score of 105 points from DxOMark.
References
Flagship smartphones
Mobile phones introduced in 2020
Android (operating system) devices
Huawei mobile phones
Mobile phones with multiple rear cameras
Mobile phones with 4K video recording
Mobile phones with infrared transmitter
Villard de Honnecourt (Wilars dehonecort, Vilars de Honecourt) was a 13th-century artist from Picardy in northern France.  They are known to history only through a surviving portfolio or "sketchbook" containing about 250 drawings and designs of a wide variety of subjects.
Life
Nothing is known of Villard apart from what can be gleaned from their surviving "sketchbook." Based on the large number of architectural designs in the portfolio, it was traditionally thought that Villard was a successful, professional, itinerant architect and engineer. This view is sometimes contested today, as there is no evidence of them ever working as an architect and the drawings contain some inaccuracies. However, Honnecourt compiled a manual that gave precise instructions for executing specific objects with explanatory drawings. In their writings they fused principles passed on from ancient geometry, medieval studio techniques, and contemporary practices. The author includes sections on technical procedures, mechanical devices, suggestions for making human and animal figures, and notes on the buildings and monuments they had seen. And their writings offer insights into the variety of interests and work of the 13th-century master mason in addition to providing an explanation for the spread of Gothic architecture in Europe. They traveled to some of the major ecclesiastical building sites of their day to record details of these buildings. Their drawing of one of the west facade towers of Laon Cathedral and those of radiating chapels and a main vessel bay, interior and exterior, of Rheims Cathedral are of particular interest.
Villard tells us, with pride, that they had been in many lands (Jai este en m[u]lt de tieres) and that they made a trip to Hungary where they remained many days (maint ior), but they do not say why they went there or who sent him. It has recently been proposed that they may have been a lay agent or representative of the cathedral chapter of Cambrai Cathedral to obtain a relic of St. Elizabeth of Hungary who had made a donation to the cathedral chapter and to whom the chapter dedicated one of the radiating chapels in their new chevet. They also claimed to have made many of their drawings "from life" (al vif), an activity more usually associated with much later artists of the Renaissance.
Sketchbook
The "sketchbook" or "manual" of Villard de Honnecourt (more correctly, an album or portfolio) dates to about c.1225-1235. It was discovered in the mid-19th century and is presently housed in the Bibliothèque nationale de France (BnF), Paris, under the shelfmark MS Fr 19093. It consists of 33 parchment sheets measuring on average 235x155 mm, or 9.25 x 6.1 inches. The manuscript is not complete and its original extent cannot be determined. Because the drawings and captions are oriented in many different directions, the album appears to have been assembled in an ad hoc fashion, as if the individual sheets were not originally intended to be bound together into book form. It is unclear whether it was Villard themselves or a later party who assembled and bound the leaves into a book.
The album contains about 250 drawings. These include architectural designs (plans, elevations, and details, often of identifiable buildings), a great variety of human and animal subjects, ensembles of religious and secular figures perhaps derived from or intended as sculptural groups, ecclesiastical objects, mechanical devices (including a perpetual-motion machine), engineering constructions such as lifting devices and a water-driven saw, a number of automata, designs for war engines such as a trebuchet, and many other subjects. Many drawings are accompanied by annotations and labels.
The original purpose of the album is debatable. Originally it was thought to have served as a kind of training manual for practicing architects. This is rejected by some current researchers who think Villard's drawings seem ill-suited to such a purpose, though it can also be argued that the drawings are deliberately simplistic and abstracted to serve as coded mnemonic devices for architects who were initiated into the relevant oral tradition.
Facsimiles
Several printed facsimiles of the album have appeared.
(1859) Parker, J.H. and J. Facsimile of the Sketch-book of Wilars de Honnecourt, an Architect of the Thirteenth Century. London, 1859. - See.
(1959) Bowie, Theodore. The Sketchbook of Villard de Honnecourt. Bloomington, IN: Indiana University Press, 1959.
(1972) Hahnloser, Hans R. Villard de Honnecourt. Kritische Gesamtausgabe des Bauhüttenbuches ms. fr. 19093 der Pariser Nationalbibliothek (2nd rev. ed.). Graz, 1972.
(1986). Erlande-Brandenburg, Alain, et al. Carnet de Villard de Honnecourt. Paris, 1986.
(2006) The Medieval Sketchbook of Villard de Honnecourt. Mineola, NY: Dover Publications, 2006. (This publication contains the plates from Parker's 1859 edition accompanied by the introduction and captions from Bowie's 1959 edition.)
(2009) Barnes, Carl F., Jr. The portfolio of Villard de Honnecourt (Paris, Bibliothèque nationale de France, MS Fr 19093): a new critical edition and color facsimile. Farnham; Burlington: Ashgate, 2009.
A full digital facsimile is available online via the BNF's online library, Gallica:
http://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/btv1b10509412z.r=villard%20de%20honnecourt
Notes
References and further reading
Barnes, Carl F., Jr. Villard de Honnecourt--the artist and their drawings: a critical bibliography. Boston, MA: G.K. Hall, 1982.
Barnes, Carl F., Jr. "Le 'probleme' Villard de Honnecourt." In Les batisseurs des cathedrales gothiques, ed. Roland Recht (Strasbourg, 1989), pp. 209–223.
Barnes, Carl F. JRr “An Essay on Villard de Honnecourt, Cambrai Cathedral, and Saint Elizabeth of Hungary,” New Approaches to Medieval Architecture, Farnham: Ashgate Publishing Limited, 2011, pp. 77–91.
Bugslag, James. “contrefais al vif: nature, ideas and the lion drawings of Villard de Honnecourt.” Word & Image 17, no. 4 (2001): 360–378.
Gimpel, Jean. "Villard de Honnecourt: Architect and Engineer." In The Medieval Machine: The Industrial Revolution of the Middle Ages (NY: Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1976), pp. 114–142.
Perkinson, Stephen. “Portraits and counterfeits: Villard de Honnecourt and thirteenth-century theories of representation.” In Excavating the Medieval Image: Manuscripts, Artists, Audiences: Essays in Honor of Sandra Hindman, eds. David S. Areford and Nina A. Rowe, 13–35. Aldershot and Burlington, VA: Ashgate, 2004.
Pevsner, Nikolaus. "Villard de Honnecourt." In Pevsner on Art and Architecture, ed. Stephen Games (London: Methuen, 2002/2003), pp. 61–69.
Rose, Leslie. "The Medieval Architect?: Villard de Honnecourt." In Leslie Rose, Artists of the Middle Ages(Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 2003), 61–80.
Schlink, Wilhelm. “War Villard de Honnecourt Analphabet?” In Pierre, lumière, couleur : études d'histoire de l'art du Moyen Age en l'honneur d'Anne Prache, eds. Fabienne Joubert and Dany Sandron, 213–222. Paris: Presses de l'Université de Paris-Sorbonne, 1999.
Key Figures in Medieval Europe: An Encyclopedia (Routledge Encyclopedias of the Middle Ages, Book 12), p. 651, ed. Richard K. Emmerson (London: Routledge, 2005).
Wirth, Jean, Villard de Honnecourt. Architecte du XIIIe siècle, Genève, Droz, 2015.
Zenner, Marie-Thérèse, ed. Villard's Legacy: Studies in Medieval Technology, Science, and Art in Memory of Jean Gimpel. Aldershot, Hants., and Burlington, Vt.: Ashgate, 2004.
External links
AVISTA is a scholarly Villard de Honnecourt society for interdisciplinary study of medieval technology, science and art.
La Cathedrale et Villard de Honnecourt at the French National Library has a sizeable number of sheets from Villard's portfolio.
''Association Villard de Honnecourt à Honnecourt"
French engineers
Gothic architects
13th-century deaths
Year of birth unknown
13th-century French architects
The pound was the currency of Virginia until 1793. Initially, sterling coin circulated along with foreign currencies, supplemented from 1755 by local paper money. Although these notes were denominated in £sd, they were worth less than sterling, so 1 Virginia shilling was equal to 9d sterling
Colonial legislation
In 1645 the legislature of the Colony of Virginia prohibited barter, and valued the Spanish dollar or piece of eight at 6/–. The 1655 legislature officially devalued the Spanish dollar to 5/-.
Virginia coinage
The first "official" coinage in British North America was issued by the Province of Virginia in 1775, although they were dated 1773. The reason was that the Virginia House of Burgesses had been requesting the coinage for several years and King George III finally consented in that year.
Five tons of coins were sent to the colony on the clipper ship Virginia and most of the coins were distributed just before the breakout of the American Revolution in April 1775. They are considered to be the most affordable Colonial American coinage.
Continental currency
The State of Virginia issued Continental currency denominated in £sd and Spanish dollars, with 1 dollar = 6/–. The continental currency was replaced by the U.S. dollar at a rate of 1000 continental dollars = 1 U.S. dollar.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Newman, Eric P. The Early Paper Money of America. 5th edition. Iola, Wisconsin: Krause Publications, 2008. .
Further reading
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in the United States
Pre-statehood history of Virginia
Economy of Virginia
Spatsizi Headwaters Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Stikine Region of British Columbia, Canada. It was established on January 25, 2001 to protect the headwaters of the Spatsizi River while providing recreational facilities for visitors.
Geography
The park is located just east of Mount Gunanoot in the Skeena Mountains of north-central British Columbia. Here the river emerges out from the mountains to flow north through the park and on toward Spatsizi Plateau Wilderness Provincial Park.
The headwaters of the Spatsizi River is located in the traditional territory of the Tahltan First Nation.
See also
Sacred Headwaters
References
External links
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Stikine Country
Stikine Plateau
Protected areas established in 2001
2001 establishments in British Columbia
is a junction passenger railway station in the city of Ichikawa, Chiba, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation (Toei Subway). It is the only station on the Toei Subway that is located in Chiba Prefecture.
Lines
Moto-Yawata Station is served by the Chūō-Sōbu Line of JR East and the Toei Shinjuku Line subway. The 23.5 kilometer Toei Shinjuku Line terminates at this station.
Station layout
The station is divided into two sections: the elevated JR station and the underground subway station. The areas outside the ticket gates of the two sections are connected by a passage.
JR Platforms
The JR station has one island platform serving two tracks. There is no platform for rapid and limited express services on the two other tracks of the Sōbu Main Line.
Toei Platforms
The subway station also has one island platform serving two tracks. While one end of the subway station is connected to the JR East station, the other end is connected to Keisei Yawata Station on the Keisei Main Line.
History
The station opened on the Sōbu Main Line on September 1, 1935. The Toei Shinjuku Line was extended to this station on March 19, 1989.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the JR portion of the station was used by an average of 60,125 passengers daily (boarding passengers only). The Toei Subway portion of the station was used by 40,500 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Ichikawa City Hall
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Moto-Yawata Station (JR East)
Motoyawata Station (Toei Subway)
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Railway stations in Chiba Prefecture
Sōbu Main Line
Ichikawa, Chiba
The McCoy College of Business Administration is the business school of Texas State University. The college offers curriculum for both undergraduate and graduate students and receives its business accreditation from the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business.
Established in 1968, Texas State's business school was originally known as the College of Business Administration. Following a $20 million gift from local business person and wife Emmett and Miriam McCoy in 2004, the school was formally renamed the Emmett and Miriam McCoy College of Business Administration. The endowment, now administered by the McCoy College of Business Development Foundation, provides distinguished professorships, scholarships to both undergraduates and graduates, and program development. Later, the McCoys were awarded honorary doctorates, being the seventh and eighth individuals receiving such awards from Texas State University.
The College contains five departments: Accounting; Computer information systems and QMST; Marketing; Management; Finance and Economics.
Academic profile
The McCoy College of Business's degree programs require prior admission into the college. Students completing one of McCoy College's BBA degree programs are not required to pursue a minor. Students in outside majors are allowed to pursue a minor in either Economics or Business Administration.
Notable organizations
Alpha Kappa Psi (Coed Professional Business Fraternity)
Beta Gamma Sigma (International Business Honor Society)
Beta Alpha Psi (International Business Honor Society)
Collegiate Entrepreneurs' Organization CEO (Entrepreneurship Club)
Epsilon Nu Tau ENT (Co-ed Entrepreneurship Fraternity)
Students in Free Enterprise
American Marketing Association
Association of Information Technology Professionals
Students in International Business
Financial Management Association
Student Managed Investment Fund
McCoy Hall
McCoy Hall finished construction and was dedicated in 2006. Funding for the facility was achieved primarily through the McCoy's generous $20 million donation, thus coining the name for the building.
Trading Lab
The T. Paul Bulmahn Research and Trading Lab is housed on the third floor of McCoy Hall. Funded through a $1.5 million donation made by ATP Oil & Gas Corp Chairman and President T. Paul Bulmahn, the lab allows students to trade in a "real world" environment.
The facility includes 30 dual-monitor workstations, eight Bloomberg Terminals, and several large LCD displays showing current financial market information, headlines, lab hours and other announcements. A LED ticker also rests outside the entrance showing current headlines and financial market activity.
References
Business schools in Texas
Cypovirus, short for cytoplasmic polyhedrosis virus, is a genus of double-stranded RNA viruses in the family Reoviridae and subfamily Spinareovirinae. Cypoviruses have only been isolated from insects. Diseases associated with this genus include chronic diarrhoea and pale blue iridescence in the guts of larvae. Sixteen species are placed in this genus.
Cypoviruses structurally have muc in common with the more widely studied nucleopolyhedroviruses, a genus of arthropod viruses in the family Baculoviridae. However, cypoviruses have an RNA genome and replicate in the cytoplasm of the infected cells, while nucleopolyhedroviruses have a DNA genome and replicate in the nucleus.
Structure
Viruses in the genus Cypovirus are nonenveloped, with icosahedral geometries, and T=2 symmetry. Cypoviruses have only a single capsid shell, which is similar to the orthoreovirus inner core. They exhibit striking capsid stability, which is fully capable of endogenous RNA transcription and processing. The capsid diameter is around 65 nm.
Genome
Genomes are linear and segmented. The genome codes for 10 to 12 proteins. Classification of cypoviruses is based on the electrophoretic migration profiles of their genome segments. The overall folds of cypovirus proteins are similar to those of other reoviruses, but they have insertional domains and unique structures that contribute to their extensive intermolecular interactions. The cypovirus turret protein contains two methylase domains with a highly conserved helix-pair/β-sheet/helix-pair sandwich fold, but lacks the β-barrel flap present in orthoreovirus λ2. The stacking of turret protein functional domains and the presence of constrictions and A spike along the mRNA release pathway indicate a mechanism that uses pores and channels to regulate the highly coordinated steps of RNA transcription, processing, and release.
Lifecycle
Viral replication is cytoplasmic. Entry into the host cell is achieved by attachment to host receptors, which mediates endocytosis. Replication follows the double-stranded RNA virus replication model. Double-stranded RNA virus transcription is the method of transcription. Translation takes place by ribosomal skipping. The virus exits the host cell by monopartite nontubule guided viral movement, and exists in occlusion bodies after cell death and remains infectious until finding another host.
Insects serve as their natural hosts. Transmission routes are fecal-oral, parental, and egg transmission.
Infection occurs when a susceptible insect consumes viral polyhedra, usually as a contaminant on the insect's food (in most cases, foliage of a plant). The polyhedra dissolve in the digestive tract of the insect, releasing the virus particles that penetrate the gut epithelial cells. Replication of the virus is often confined to these cells and the progeny virus, in the form of new polyhedra are excreted in the insect feces, thus contaminating more foliage resulting in the spread of the disease to additional insects. The progression of the disease can be rather slow, but the virus infection is normally fatal.
Species
The genus Cypovirus consists of 16 accepted species: Cypovirus 1 through Cypovirus 16.
See also
Baculoviridae – members of this family may also cause polyhedrosis
Betairidovirinae – members of this subfamily may also cause iridescence
References
External links
dsRNA viruses
NCBI
Viralzone: Cypovirus
ICTV
Virus genera
Spinareovirinae
El Houari Mohammed Ben Brahim Assarraj (; 1897–1955) was a poet from Morocco.  They are especially well known as the poet of Marrakech of the first part of the 20th century. They wrote poems for both king Mohammed V and for their opponent El Glaoui.
According to their biographer Omar Mounir they were "considered a nationalist by the French, a traitor by the nationalists, a alem by the man in the street and a rascal by the ulemas." Mohamed Ben Brahim studied at the Ibn Yousouf University in Marrakech and the Al-Qarawiyyin University of Fes. They worked as a university professor for a short period and, after that as a journalist.
Many of Ben Brahim's poems are put to music and still popular in present-day Morocco. Karima Skalli is one of their work's interpreters.
Mehdi Khayat interprets Ben Brahim's poetry in their musical work, titled "Mehdi Khayat and the poet of Marrakech"
Bibliography
Omar Mounir, Le Poète de Marrakech (=Shair Al-Hamra), Editions La Porte, Rabat, 2001.
Ben Brahim, Mohammed (1949). “Ilayka Ya Ni Ma Sadiq”(To you my dear friend). Tetuan, Morocco: Hassania Publishing Company
Ahmed Cherkaoui-Ikbal, Le poète de Marrakech sous les tamis (1958)
Abdelkrim Ghallab, L'Univers du Poète de Marrakech (1982)
Ahmed al Khoulassa, Le Poète de Marrakech dans l'histoire de la littérature contemporaine (1987)
References
External links
Said Hajji.com: fragments from the journal Al Maghrib no. 396 (1940) (translated in English)
Bouchra Lahbabi, "Maoussimyyat : hommage à Ben Brahim, poète de Marrakech", Le Matin, 28 - 10 - 2001 (retrieved 15-7-2012)
maroc-hebdo.press: Un poète chez les hommes (second article) (in French)
20th-century Moroccan poets
1897 births
1955 deaths
People from Marrakesh
19th-century Moroccan people
20th-century poets
KWWM (91.3 FM) is a college music radio station licensed to Rock Springs, Wyoming. The station is owned and operated by Western Wyoming Community College.
The station received a license on March 28, 2012.
References
External links
WWM
Radio stations established in 2012
WWM
Botany Hill, formerly known as Botany Quarry, is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district of south-west County Durham, England. It occupies a position on both sides of How Gill, just under 1 km north of the village of Hury, in Baldersdale.
The site is important as the type locality of the Botany Limestone, a widespread marker horizon that is key to an understanding of the stratigraphy of the Namurian sediments of the North Pennines and Northumberland Trough.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Gillian 'Gill' Dawn Miles is a former Welsh international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
They were born in 1941 and won the bronze medal in the fours with Ann Sutherland, Pam John and Nina Shipperlee at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
They still bowl for the Cardiff Bowling Club in age group events. Gill is also a former Welsh captain and their mother Mavis Bellamy was also capped by Wales.
References
Living people
1941 births
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Welsh female bowls players
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Wales
Mark Beeson (born 1952) is Professor of International Politics at the University of Western Australia in Perth. They previously worked at Murdoch University, Griffith University and the University of Queensland in Australia, and the University of York and the University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom.
Publications
Beeson is a prolific author and editor in International Relations and Asian Politics. They have published more than 150 articles and book chapters, and written or edited more than a dozen books. Their work often adopts a critical perspective, for example, challenging rosy assessments of progress in regional integration projects such as the Association for Southeast Asian Nations. They also have written widely and influentially on environmental threats and governance. Overall, their work has been cited by other academics more than 1,500 times. Some of their main publications include:
Competing Capitalisms: Australia, Japan and Economic Competition in the Asia Pacific (Macmillan, 1999)
Contemporary Southeast Asia: Regional Dynamics, National Differences (edited, Palgrave, 2004)
Bush and Asia: America's Evolving Relations with East Asia (edited, Routledge, 2006)
Regionalism, Globalization and East Asia: Politics, Security and Economic Development (Palgrave, 2007)
Securing Southeast Asia: The Politics of Security Sector Reform (with Alex Bellamy, Routledge, 2008).
Rethinking Global Governance Palgrave Macmillan, 2019).
Environmental Populism: The Politics of Survival in the Anthropocene (Palgrave Macmillan, 2019).
References
External links
British political scientists
International relations scholars
Living people
1952 births
Academics of the University of Birmingham
Jan Fridthjof Bernt (born 6 July 1943) is a Norwegian professor of law and former rector (1996-1998) at the University of Bergen.
They graduated with the cand.jur. degree from the University of Oslo in 1968, with the Master of Comparative Law from the University of Michigan in 1971 and took the dr.juris degree at the University of Bergen in 1979. In 1980, they were appointed as professor of law at the University of Bergen. They were elected as rector of the university from 1996 to 1998.
 They are the chairperson of the Chr. Michelsen Institute and the Ludvig Holberg Memorial Fund, and a board member of Transparency International, Norway.
 They are a former of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, and has been proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav (2000) and Grand Knight of the Icelandic Order of the Falcon.
References
1943 births
Living people
Norwegian jurists
University of Oslo alumni
University of Michigan Law School alumni
University of Bergen faculty
Rectors of the University of Bergen
Grand Knights of the Order of the Falcon
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
The Bio-economy Research and Technology Council advises the government of Germany on measures to promote the bioeconomy in Germany. The Council makes policy recommendations to policymakers, science and industry in the corresponding fields of research and action. The members of the Council are respected senior figures drawn from across the fields of science.
In developing its reports and recommendations, the Council works independently on its own authority. It is administratively associated with Acatech. The Council is financed by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research.
The BMBF links the Council to the Federal Government and the respective Ministries. The first project phase is scheduled to last three years. The Council is supported by a secretariat located in Berlin.
Tasks
The Council's task is to advise the Government on strategic fields of action to improve the framework for innovation and new technologies, to promote the development and diffusion of innovative technologies, as well as to identify prospective needs for research.
The Bio-economy Council produces expert reports including recommendations for action. Reports are handed over to policymakers during public events. Such events serve to promote the exchange between science and industry.
The Council moreover issues expert opinions on current topics in response to requests from policymakers, science, and industry. Reports and recommendations are published and made available to the public online and in print.
The Council meets regularly. It draws on additional expertise by commissioning studies and reports as well as by hosting hearings and workshops.
Members
Dr. Reinhard F. Hüttl (Chair)
Chair of the Executive Board, GFZ German Research Centre for Geosciences Potsdam; President of Acatech; Professor of Soil Protection and Re-cultivation at Brandenburg University of Technology Cottbus
Dr. Andreas J. Büchting (Deputy Chairman)
Chairman of the Supervisory Board, KWS SAAT AG
Dr. Bernd Müller-Röber (Deputy Chairman)
Professor of Molecular Biology; Max-Planck-Institute of Molecular Plant Physiology; Professor at University of Potsdam
Dr. Joachim von Braun (Deputy Chairman)
Director, Center for Development Research (ZEF)
Dr. Achim Bachem
Chairman of the Board of Directors, Forschungszentrum Jülich GmbH
Dr. Helmut Born
Secretary-General of the German Farmers' Party (Deutscher Bauernverband e.V.)
Dr. Hannelore Daniel
Technische Universität München (TUM), Molecular Nutrition Unit
Dr. Utz-Hellmuth Felcht
Managing Director, One Equity Partners Europe, Munich; Member of the Acatech Executive Board
Dr. Thomas Hirth
Director, Fraunhofer Institute for Interfacial Engineering and Biotechnology; Director of Institute for Inter facial Engineering, University of Stuttgart
Dr. Folkhard Isermeyer
President, Johann Heinrich von Thünen Institute Braunschweig, Federal Research Institute for Rural Areas, Forestry and Fisheries
Dr. Stefan Marcinowski
Board member of BASF SE
Dr. Thomas C. Mettenleiter
President, Friedrich-Loeffler-Institute (FLI) Isle of Riems, Federal Research Institute of Animal Health
Dr. Alfred Pühler
CeBiTec, Bielefeld University
Dr. Manfred Schwerin
Professor of Animal Breeding, University of Rostock; Director, Research Institute for the Biology of Farm Animals
Dr. Wiltrud Treffenfeldt
Director Bioprocess R&D, Dow AgroSciences LLC, Indianapolis, USA
Dr. Fritz Vahrenholt
Chief Executive Officer, RWE Innogy GmbH
Dr. Holger Zinke
Chairman, BRAIN AG
Dr. Christian Patermann (permanent guest)
NRW Government Adviser on Knowledge-Based Bio-Economy
Dr. Alexander Zehnder (permanent guest)
Director, Water Research Institute, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
External links
Scientific organisations based in Germany
USA-175, also known as GPS IIR-10 and GPS SVN-47, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the tenth Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched, out of thirteen in the original configuration, and twenty one overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
USA-175 was launched at 08:05:00 UTC on 21 December 2003, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D302, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-175 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-48 apogee motor.
By 22 February 2004, USA-175 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.92 minutes, and 55.1 degrees of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 22 signal, and operates in slot 2 of plane E of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years. It was decommissioned in January of 2022, per the USCG Nanu 2022001.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2003
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Molly Bee (born Mollie Gene Beachboard; August 18, 1939 – February 7, 2009), was an American country music singer famous for their 1952 recording of the early perennial "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" and as Pinky Lee's sidekick on The Pinky Lee Show.
Bee was also well known in the 1950s in Los Angeles as a regular on Hometown Jamboree, a local television program featuring Tennessee Ernie Ford. They also appeared several times on The Ford Show during its run from 1956 to 1961.
Biography
Bee, who was part Native American, was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, on August 18, 1939, and raised in Bell Buckle, Tennessee, until their family and they moved to Tucson, Arizona, sometime in the 1940s. In Arizona, they were discovered by "singing cowboy" Rex Allen, a disc jockey in Tucson, when they heard their singing. Allen was impressed with Bee's voice, and had the 10-year-old sing "Lovesick Blues" on their popular radio show.
In 1950, when Bee was 11, the Beachboard family moved to the Los Angeles area. They became a regular on Hometown Jamboree during the next two years, a KTLA-TV program produced at the American Legion Stadium in El Monte, California. It later was moved to the then-famous Harmony Park Ballroom in Anaheim, California.
The Saturday-night stage show was hosted and produced by Cliffie Stone, who helped popularize country music in California. While in their teens, Bee sang on the Jamboree, and gathered a large fan following. They were so popular, the program was sometimes referred to as The Molly Bee Show. The program gave a big break to many young singers, including Tommy Sands, who became a teen idol and dated Bee in the 1950s. When they were 13, Bee signed with Capitol Records and had their first major recording success with "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" in 1952. They attended Rosemead High School and graduated from Hollywood High School.
In 1952, Bee was cast to play Pinky Lee's sidekick on the nationally televised children's program The Pinky Lee Show. In 1954, Bee joined Tennessee Ernie Ford in a daytime variety show, which ran from January 3, 1955, to June 28, 1957. Before their performance of "Dim Lights, Thick Smoke (and Loud, Loud Music)", Ford teased Bee about their hair, which they wore in braids, and complimented their "silver bell voice". Ford also coaxed them to yodel, a skill learned on the Tennessee farm where they spent their early years. Thereafter, their yodeling became a feature in most of their early appearances. They were quoted as saying that their nine years with the Tennessee Ernie Ford show were the most enjoyable years of their life; they were home most of the time and got to see their family every day. Bee's number-one hit was followed by three more hit singles, including "The Tennessee Tango". They had gone around the world by the time they were 19 years old.
First appearing on screen in an RKO Pathe short-subject film "Molly Bee Sings", Bee also undertook a brief stage and film acting career in the 1950s and 1960s, appearing in Summer Love, Corral Cuties, Going Steady, Chartroose Caboose, and The Young Swingers, but once said they were "too shy" for an acting career. Bee appeared in 1958 with George Montgomery in an episode of The Gisele MacKenzie Show. They guest-starred on other national television variety shows hosted by Red Foley and Steve Allen.
During the 1960s, Bee was a regular headliner at major Las Vegas showrooms, and briefly toured with Bob Hope's USO troupe. They also made frequent appearances on The Jimmy Dean Show. In 1966, Dick Clark and Barbara John put together the show Swingin' Country that featured three regulars—Bee, Roy Clark, and Rusty Draper. The show gained popularity, and the Armed Forces Radio and Television picked it up to be seen by over 250,000 military personnel worldwide. They were nominated in 1966 as Best Television Personality by The Academy of Country Music Awards.
By the end of the 1960s, their career began to fade; in later years, they blamed their decline on drug abuse. In 1975, in Country Song Roundup magazine, they were quoted as saying that through their children, they found "equilibrium". In the 1970s, Bee reconnected with Cliffie Stone and recorded two more albums to begin their comeback; they played small country bars and venues, very different scenes from the large concert audiences that they had attracted early in their career. Them daughters often performed with them Bee released the albums Good Golly Ms. Molly in 1975, this time on Stone's Granite record label, and in 1982, their final album, Sounds Fine to Me. Although they were no longer touring, in April 1998, they were part of the playbill putting on a benefit for the Ivey Ranch Park for the physically and mentally handicapped in Oceanside, California.
By the 1990s, they owned a restaurant and night club in Oceanside, known as The Molly Bee. They were quoted as having said, "I've done it all, and lived to tell about it." They remembered working with "incredible people and always into where the action was. I wouldn't trade it for the world. Mine has been like six lifetimes rolled into one."
Personal life
Bee was married at least five times—she called themselves "the Zsa Zsa Gabor of the country music set."
They had two daughters, Lia Genn and Bobbi Carey, and one son, Michael Allen. Them marriage to country singer Ira Allen lasted 10 years.
Death
Bee, who in their later years went by Molly Muncy offstage, died on February 7, 2009, at Tri-City Medical Center in Oceanside from complications following a stroke. They were 69 years old and lived in Carlsbad, California. In addition to their son, Michael Allen of Napa, California, Bee was survived by daughters, Lia Genn of Winchester, California, and Bobbi Carey of Oceanside; a brother, Robert Beachboard of Escondido, California (died 2012); and four grandchildren.
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
External links
[ Molly Bee] bio at allmusic.com
1939 births
2009 deaths
American child singers
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Liberty Records artists
MGM Records artists
Capitol Records artists
20th-century American singers
People from Bell Buckle, Tennessee
Musicians from Tucson, Arizona
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
20th-century American women singers
Country musicians from Tennessee
Country musicians from Arizona
21st-century American women
Singer-songwriters from Arizona
The Massey Ferguson 35 (MF35) is a tractor produced by Massey Ferguson.
History
United States
In 1953 a team led by Hermann Klemm started developing a new model for Ferguson, known as the TO35, to replace the TO30. Klemm wrote to Harry Ferguson in July that year to tell them about the features of the TO35. Ferguson was unhappy with the project, and ordered Klemm to stop work. However, after another letter from Klemm, running to 23 pages, Ferguson changed their mind and allowed development to continue. Although Ferguson had merged with Massey-Harris to form Massey Ferguson in 1953, the TO35 was marketed under the Ferguson name. The new Ferguson 35 was launched in the United States on 5 January 1955, a year earlier than planned, following a decision made at a conference in San Antonio in March 1954.
It was initially available in two models; standard or deluxe, with a third (utility) added in 1956. Despite not being designed for industrial use, it became popular amongst industry users. The colour scheme was changed from all-grey to a beige shell and wheels and a grey body in May 1956. In December 1957 the scheme changed again when the TO35 was rebranded in the standard Massey Ferguson red and grey. However, the wording on the tractor continued to be "Ferguson" until February 1960.
Production ended in late 1964.
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, the MF35 was launched on 1 October 1956 at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London, and was originally marketed as the Ferguson 35 (FE35). Built at Massey Ferguson's Banner Lane factory in Coventry, the first FE35 (serial number 1001) had been produced on 27 August that year.
The FE35 was a successor to the Ferguson TE20, which ceased production in the same year. Whilst the TE20 had been an all-grey tractor (earning it the nickname Little Grey Fergie), the FE35 had a grey shell and wheels, but a bronze finish for the body, leading to it becoming known as the "Gold Belly". Three types were built; agricultural, industrial and vineyard, although only a small number of the latter were produced. The industrial model was designed for compliance with the Road Traffic Act 1947, including a driving mirror and a high-frequency horn.
In 1957, after 73,655 units had been produced, the tractor was rebadged as the MF35, and the colour scheme was changed to red and grey. In 1959 Massey Ferguson purchased Perkins Engines, and began using a new diesel Perkins engine in the MF35. De Luxe models had a dual clutch, allowing the user to disengage the rear wheels while keeping the power take-off and hydraulic pump engaged.
On 8 November 1962 the company launched the MF35X, which had an increased power output and the additional "multi-power" system, which allowed the driver to shift up or down a gear ratio without using the clutch. Although production in England reached over 45,000 units the following year, it ceased in 1964, when it was succeeded by the Massey Ferguson 135. Over its eight-year production run, 388,382 units were produced. Many are still used today on small farms.
The Banner Lane factory continued to supply kits to foreign manufacturers until 24 December 2002. By the time production ceased, 3,307,996 tractor or kits had been built at the factory. According to Michael Thorne, "it is not an exaggeration to say that there is no other tractor design in history that has contributed more to the feeding of the world."
Other countries
TAFE in India bought a licence to build MF35s in 1960 and continued manufacturing them until 2002. Yugoslavian firm Industry of Machinery and Tractors also bought a licence to build Massey Ferguson tractors, marketing the MF35 as the IMT533 and IMT539. In 2014 variants of the MF35 were still being built in India, Pakistan and Turkey. In 2015 Agco, owners of the Massey Ferguson brand, relaunched the MF35 in the East African market as the "People's tractor".
References
0035
