Jane's Revenge is a militant, extremist, abortion rights group that encourages and claims responsibility for acts of firebombing, vandalism, and arson in the United States, targeting crisis pregnancy centers, a church, and a Congressional office. The attacks began in May 2022 after a leak of the ruling in Dobbs v. Jackson, which would soon overturn the 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling on abortion rights.
History
On May 6, 2022, a draft opinion for the Supreme Court of the United States case Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization was leaked to the public. The draft pointed to an imminent overturning of two previous decisions, Roe v. Wade and Planned Parenthood v. Casey, which had inferred constitutional protections for abortion rights. The group formed in response to the leak, posting their first communiqué on May 8. The name "Jane's Revenge" is a reference to the Jane Collective, an underground organization founded by Heather Booth that helped women obtain abortions prior to the Roe v. Wade decision.
After the June 24 decision overturning Roe v. Wade, the organization is attributed with having vandalized at least one crisis pregnancy center, in Virginia, and committing arson at a second center in Colorado. The FBI has indicated it is investigating the instance of arson in Colorado.
On June 28, The Intercept reported that Facebook had internally labeled the group as a terrorist organization, making the topic subject to the most stringent content filtering.
Major actions
The May 8, 2022 firebombing of a crisis pregnancy center in Madison, Wisconsin was the first incident claimed by Jane's Revenge. In a statement issued after the attack, the group demanded the disbanding of anti-abortion organizations, with a threat of "increasingly extreme attacks", including a "Night of Rage", should Roe v. Wade be overturned by the Supreme Court.
Attacks on crisis pregnancy centers and a Congressman's office have been made in the group's name in New York, North Carolina, Washington, Wisconsin, Ohio, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Minnesota, Michigan, Iowa, Florida, the District of Columbia, Virginia, and potentially Oregon. Mary Ziegler, a law professor at University of California, Davis, has attributed the actions of the group to a growing distrust in government and democratic institutions.
The claimed main public mouthpiece is an anonymous blog, which lists action taken signed with "Jane's Revenge" and sometimes takes credit.
Government response
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives has confirmed that the group is the subject of an ongoing investigation.
In June 2022, after the Dobbs v. Jackson decision was released, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) released a memo concerning the group. They described Jane's Revenge as "a network of loosely affiliated suspected violent extremists [which] has been linked to arson attacks against the buildings of ideological opponents", and warned there was a risk of violence that "could occur for weeks following the release" of the Supreme Court decision.
In July 2022, the public information officer for the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department said "I don't think that there's any reason to believe, at this point, that it's a part of some group that's specifically going around to other places nationally".
See also
Anti-abortion violence
Suffragette bombing and arson campaign
References
2022 in the United States
Abortion in the United States
Abortion-rights movement in the United States
Attacks on buildings and structures in the United States
Attacks on churches in North America
Abortion-rights violence
The State of Maryland contains of designated state forest which are managed by the Maryland Forest Service.
The following is a list of Maryland state forests.
Maryland State Forests
Maryland Demonstration Forests
Maryland Forest Lands
Chesapeake Forest Lands
See also
List of U.S. National Forests
List of Maryland wildlife management areas
References
External links
Maryland's State Forests at Maryland Department of Natural Resources Forest Service
Maryland
Bad Girls is a British drama television series, created by Maureen Chadwick and Ann McManus, and produced by Shed Productions for ITV.
The series follows the lives of the prisoners and the staff within the fictional Larkhall prison's infamous G-wing. During the first three years of the series, exterior filming took place at HM Prison Oxford, located within Oxford Castle, before it was redeveloped into a hotel complex. A reconstruction of the prison's exterior was created and served as the filming location for the remainder of the series. The interior was a replica set of Oxford Prison's wing. Outside of its original filming location, several scenes took place around the London district, as well as scenes shot in Spain, Amsterdam and Peru.
The series was initially available on VHS, before being released several times in it entirety on DVD. Due to its success, it has been repeated on other British television channels, including ITV2, ITV3, Five Life, CBS Drama, CBS Action and Drama. It is also available to stream on services UKTV Play and BritBox.
Series overview
Episodes
Series 1 (1999)
Series one was broadcast on Tuesdays at 9.00 pm
Series 2 (2000)
Series two was broadcast on Tuesdays at 9.00 pm
Series 3 (2001)
Series three was broadcast on Tuesdays at 9.00 pm
Series 4 (2002)
Series four was broadcast on Thursdays at 9.00 pm
Series 5 (2003)
Series five was broadcast on Thursdays at 9.00 pm
Series 6 (2004)
Series six was broadcast at 9.00 pm on Wednesdays (episodes 1–4), Mondays (episodes 5–6), Tuesday (episode 7), Wednesday (episode 8) and Mondays (episodes 9–12)
Series 7 (2005)
Series seven was broadcast at 9.00 pm on Tuesdays (episodes 1–12) and Monday (episode 13)
Series 8 (2006)
Series eight was broadcast at 9.00 pm on Thursdays (episodes 1–10) and Wednesday (episode 11)
Ratings
References
External links
Episodes
Bad Girls
When the Fern Blooms () is a folk opera by Ukrainian composer Yevhen Stankovych. It has three acts and was written in the mid 1970s. It was first performed on stage in 2011. The opera was also performed on December 15, 2017, at the Lviv Theatre of Opera and Ballet. The libretto of the opera was primarily inspired by the works of Nikolai Gogol, national traditions and folklore, folk ceremonies, and epic poems.
History
The opera When the Fern Blooms was written on request of the French concert company "Alitepa" for the worldwide exhibition in Paris in 1978. The premiere of the opera in Ukraine was going to be performed at the Palace "Ukraine", and French representatives were invited to visit. However, the premiere of the opera was banned by the Soviet government. During the rehearsals the Soviet statesman Mikhail Suslov sent a letter from Moscow with orders to prohibit the performance. Decorations and costumes for the production were destroyed.
Despite the overthrow of the Soviet regime in the 1990s and significant public interest in this work, the opera was not performed in full for a long time. Some parts of the opera were performed by the Kyiv Chamber Choir and by the National Folk Choir of Ukraine named after Gregory Veryovka.
The premiere of the opera in a concert performance took place on April 8, 2011 – 33 years after its creation. The concert version was performed by the National Symphony Orchestra of Ukraine and Folk Choir of Veryovka under the guidance of at the National Philharmonic of Ukraine.
The premiere of a fully staged version was held at the Lviv National Opera in December 2017. More than 400 participants were involved in the production. The choir consisted of 80 artists. According to Vasyl Vovkun, this staging of the opera was held in honour of artist Eugene Lysyk, who was the scenographer of the banned production from the 1970s. Now this production has become a constant repertoire of the theatre.
During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Nina Matviyenko's performance of Yevhen Stankovych's opera-ballet When the Fern Blooms, which had originally premiered in 2017 and stated as 'banned' during the Soviet era, live-streamed by the Lviv National Opera was re-released online.
Literature
Станкович-Спольська Р. Фольк-опера Є.Станковича «Цвіт папороті» як факт національної історії // Київське музикознавство. Вип. 8. – К.: КДВМУ, 2002. – pp. 180–188.
Станкович-Спольська Р. Неофольклоризм в опері XX століття і «Цвіт папороті» Є.Станковича // Музика у просторі культури. Науковий вісник НМАУ ім. П. І. Чайковського. Вип. 33. – К.: НМАУ, 2004. – pp. 254–263.
Станкович-Спольська Р. Фольклорні джерела «Цвіту папороті» Є.Станковича // Київське музикознавство. Вип. 11. – К.: КДВМУ, 2004. – pp. 123–131.
References
External links
Work details, Lviv National Opera
, Lviv National Opera
, Volodymyr Sirenko conducting
Compositions by Yevhen Stankovych
Ukrainian-language operas
1978 operas
Folk opera
Operas
The 2010 Lethbridge municipal election was held Monday, October 18, 2010 to elect a mayor and eight aldermen (at-large), and five of the Holy Spirit Roman Catholic Separate Regional Division No. 4's nine trustees (as Ward 2). The seven Lethbridge School District No. 51 trustees were acclaimed, five being incumbents. Since 1968, provincial legislation has required every municipality to hold triennial elections. Of the 69,863 eligible voters, only 24,522 turned in a ballot, a voter turnout of 35.1%, and an average of 5.9 aldermen per ballot. One seat was not filled at the swearing-in ceremony, as a result of Alderman-elect Bob Babki's death. The seat was filled following a by-election over three months later.
Results
Bold indicates elected, incumbents are italicized, and an asterisk indicates not sworn in.
Mayor
Aldermen
Bob Babki died before being sworn into office.
Public School Trustees
Separate School Trustees
By-election
The 2011 Lethbridge municipal by-election was held Tuesday, February 1, 2011 to elect one alderman at-large. On October 18, 2010, Bob Babki was elected to the eight alderman council, in the regular scheduled municipal election. They died on October 30, from a suspected heart failure, two days before they would have been sworn into office. Minister of Municipal Affairs Hector Goudreau wrote Mayor Rajko Dodic, and by extension all citizens of Lethbridge, on November 18, that because Alderman-elect Babki was declared elected, a by-election would be required. The Municipal Government Act requires the City to hold a by-election within 90 days of a vacancy, since the vacancy did not occur until the new council was sworn in on November 1, 2010, it would have been January 30, 2011 at the latest, the two day discrepancy was not explained on the City election website. Of the 68,294 eligible voters, only 8,843 turned in a ballot, a voter turnout of 12.9%.
References
2010
2010 Alberta municipal elections
Nauru competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
Weightlifter and future President Marcus Stephen bore the Olympic torch during its stopover in Nauru.
Background
The Nauru Olympic Committee was recognized by the International Olympic Committee on 1 January 1994. The 2000 Summer Olympics were held from 15 September to 1 October 2000; a total of 10,651 athletes represented 199 National Olympic Committees.
Athletics
Men
Weightlifting
Men
Women
References
Wallechinsky, David (2004). The Complete Book of the Summer Olympics (Athens 2004 Edition). Toronto, Canada. .
International Olympic Committee (2001). The Results. Retrieved 12 November 2005.
Sydney Organising Committee for the Olympic Games (2001). Official Report of the XXVII Olympiad Volume 1: Preparing for the Games. Retrieved 20 November 2005.
Sydney Organising Committee for the Olympic Games (2001). Official Report of the XXVII Olympiad Volume 2: Celebrating the Games. Retrieved 20 November 2005.
Sydney Organising Committee for the Olympic Games (2001). The Results. Retrieved 20 November 2005.
International Olympic Committee Web Site
Nations at the 2000 Summer Olympics
2000
2000 in Nauruan sport
Ajker Fariad is an Indian Bengali language daily newspaper published from Agartala, Tripura.
See also
Agartala
References
External links
ajkerfariad.co.in official website
Ajker Fariad wikimapia.org
Bengali-language newspapers published in India
The Volpi Cup for Best Actor () is the principal award given to actors at the Venice Film Festival and is named in honor of Count Giuseppe Volpi di Misurata, the founder of the Venice Film Festival. The name and number of prizes have been changed several times since their introduction, ranging from two to four awards per edition and sometimes acknowledging both leading and supporting performances.
The festival was officially competitive for the first time in 1934. The acting award was named Grande medaglia d'oro dell'Associazione Nazionale Fascista dello Spettacolo per il migliore attore (Great Gold Medal of the National Fascist Association for Entertainment for the Best Actor). After a four-year hiatus caused by the war, the festival was once again competitive in 1947. The acting award in the immediate post-war period was named Premio Internazionale per il migliore attore (International Award for the Best Actor). The festival was again competitive in 1980 but the acting awards given by the competition jury were not reinstated until 1983: the prizes were no longer called Coppa Volpi (Volpi Cup) but were simply referred to as Premio per il migliore attore (Best Actor Award). The winners did not receive cup-shaped awards but were instead given rectangular plaques. In 1988, for the first time in 20 years, the most recognizable prizes of the festival were re-established. The two acting award was officially named Coppa Volpi per la migliore interpretazione maschile (Volpi Cup for the Best Actor).
Winners
The following actors received the Volpi Cup or other major Best Actor Award:
Multiple winners
The following individuals have received multiple Best Actor awards:
See also
Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actor
Silver Bear for Best Actor
Notes
A: Winner of the award was chosen by public voting.
B: Performer to receive a single award which honor the outstanding work in multiple different films in the same official competition slate.
References
External links
The Venice Film Festival at the IMDb
Coppa Volpi for best actors since 1935 from "La Biennale" website
Enrico Lancia, I premi del cinema, Gremese Editore, 1998
Venice Film Festival
Awards for male actors
Film awards for lead actor
Film awards for supporting actor
Volpi Cup, Best Actor
Awards established in 1932
1932 establishments in Italy
Valdelavilla is an uninhabited village in the Spanish province of Soria, in the autonomous community of Castile-León. A former municipality, it is located in the region of Tierras Altas and in the judicial district of Soria. It belongs to the municipality of San Pedro Manrique.
Valdelavilla gained popularity around 2020, after the release of Spanish series: El Pueblo. The town of Valdelavilla simulates Peñafría, the fictional town where most of the action in the series takes place.
Municipalities in the Province of Soria
Lindsay Bowen (born October 25, 1983) is a former American professional women's basketball player. They played with the WNBA's New York Liberty in 2007, and had a European basketball career until 2010. A guard, they are 5'7" tall and weighs 145 pounds.
Career
Bowen grew up in Dansville, Michigan. Bowen previously played basketball for Michigan State University. They graduated in 2006.
Bowen was one of the 11 finalists for the Nancy Lieberman Award.
In August 2012, Bowen joined the Texas Tech University Women's basketball staff as video coordinator.\
In August 2015, Bowen joined the Presbyterian College women's basketball staff as an assistant coach.
Michigan State statistics
Source
References
1983 births
Living people
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Michigan
Michigan State Spartans women's basketball players
New York Liberty players
People from Dansville, Michigan
American women's basketball coaches
Chhatbir Zoo (formally Mahendra Chaudhary Zoological Park), is a zoological park situated close to Zirakpur, India. The zoo was constructed in the 1970s and is home to a large variety of birds, mammals and reptiles.
History
The zoo was christened as the Mahendra Chaudhury Zoological Park after then governor of Punjab, Mahendhan Choudhry in 1977. A small number of animals brought from the Guwahati Zoo, Assam. It soon became the largest zoo in Punjab.
Location
Lying on the Chandigarh-Zirakpur-Patiala route, this zoo is located about 20 km away from Chandigarh.
List of species
The zoo is home to 369 mammals, 400 birds and 20 reptiles.
Non-exhaustive list:
Asian palm civet
Asiatic lion
Barasingha
Bengal fox
Bengal tiger
Blackbuck
Chinkara
Chital
Common marmoset
Four-horned antelope
Gaur
Golden jackal
Hamadryas baboon
Himalayan black bear
Himalayan goral
Hippopotamus
Indian crested porcupine
Indian elephant
Indian leopard
Indian spotted chevrotain
Indian wolf
Jaguar
Jungle cat
Leopard cat
Lion-tailed macaque
Nilgai
Northern pig-tailed macaque
Rhesus macaque
Sambar deer
Sloth bear
Smooth-coated otter
Striped hyena
Black swan
Common ostrich
Emu
Indian peafowl
Java sparrow
Painted stork
Rose-ringed parakeet
Sarus crane
White stork
Gharial
Green iguana
Indian cobra
Indian python
Indian star tortoise
Mugger crocodile
Walk-in aviary
Chattbir has India's longest walk-in aviary with 300m long walk showcases 32 species of indigenous and exotic birds. The section is made in five different themes included Terrestrial, Rock & Duck, Woodland, Japanese Trail and Rainforest.
References
External links
Chhatbir Zoo
Chhatbir Zoo at TwistCity
Chandigarh to Chhatbir Zoo
Zoos in India
Protected areas of Punjab, India
1977 establishments in Punjab, India
Zoos established in 1977
Tourist attractions in Chandigarh
Gavestinel (GV-150,526) was an investigational drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline for acute intracerebral hemorrhage, which in 2001 failed to show an effect in what was at the time, the largest clinical trial in stroke that had been conducted.
Gavestinel is an NMDA antagonist, binding selectively to the glycine site on the NMDA receptor complex, rather than the glutamate site many NMDA antagonists bind to.
Pharmacology and toxicology
N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors are amino acid receptors, overstimulation to which lead to increased intracellular Ca2+ level, and become deleterious to neural cell. In ischaemic or hypoxic conditions such as stroke, the concentration of glutamate in synaptic clefts is increased, and continuously stimulates NMDA receptors. Gavestinel was synthesized by substituting indole-2-carboxylate at the C-3 position with an unsaturated lateral side chain. It binds to NMDA receptor on the glycine site with high affinity, selectivity and a broad time window efficacy, thus gains interests in testing its efficacy in treating stroke. In pre-clinical studies, gavestinel showed no significant side effects on memory, learning, and cardiovascular system, side effects that are very common in NMDA antagonists.
Clinical studies
In phase ΙΙ clinical studies to investigate safety, tolerability of gavestinel, no findings showed that it had significant side effects. The dose determined in phase ΙΙ trials was selected for further phase III trials. Later, however, in two large phase III trials, gavestinel showed no efficacy in treating ischemic stroke.
References
NMDA receptor antagonists
The Otis Bridge is a six-lane girder bridge crossing the Estero de Concordia, a tributary of the Pasig River, in Manila, the Philippines. Built in 1968 and carrying Paz Mendoza Guazon Street, formerly known as Otis Street, the bridge is a major artery for commercial vehicles carrying cargo from the Port of Manila, with some 10,000 trucks crossing the bridge daily.
In 2015, the bridge was slated for replacement or reconstruction as it neared the end of its 50-year service life, with initially being allocated for construction work by the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH). However, on June 26, 2018, the bridge was ordered closed by the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) on the advice of the Manila Disaster risk reduction Management Council, after media reports showed that long cracks started appearing along the center island, caused by the number of overloaded trucks that used the bridge, as well as construction work on the nearby Concordia Bridge which prevented its timely replacement.
The bridge was reopened on December 4, 2018, three months ahead of the March 2019 target date, with being allocated from the national budget for its replacement. Construction took place 24/7 in phases until the project was completed.
References
Bridges in Manila
Girder bridges
Buildings and structures in Paco, Manila
Bridges completed in 1968
Brian P. Jones is an American educator, scholar, activist, and actor.  They are the inaugural director of the Center for Educators and Schools of The New York Public Library, and formerly the Associate Director of Education at the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, where they were also a scholar in residence. Jones earned a PhD in Urban Education at the CUNY Graduate from Center and has contributed to several books on issues of racism, inequality, and Black education history, most recently to Black Lives Matter At School: An Uprising for Educational Justice.  They are the author of The Tuskegee Student Uprising: A History (forthcoming from the NYU Press Black Power Series).
Jones is a long time member of the board of directors of Voices of a Peoples History of the United States, founded by Anthony Arnove and Howard Zinn to organize and promote public performances of primary texts from radical American history. In addition to their role as a director, Jones also often serves as an educator and as a performer. Jones' collaboration with Arnove and Zinn dates back to their nationwide of tour of Zinn's one-man play Marx in Soho, in which Jones played the title role. They have also lent their voice to other projects, such as The Flores Exhibits (a series of short videos amplifying the voices of children held in detention facilities at the U.S. / Mexico Border) and they have narrated more than twenty audiobooks, including Hegemony or Survival, Detroit, I Do Mind Dying, and Marx in Soho.
A teacher of elementary grades in the New York City Public Schools for 9 years, Jones has been a prominent critic of school privatization. They co-narrated the independent film "The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman", which challenged the ideas of the 2010 documentary Waiting for "Superman".
In 2014, Jones ran for Lieutenant Governor of New York alongside Howie Hawkins on the Green Party of New York ticket. They received 184,419 votes (4.86%), which was more than enough for the party to retain statewide recognition. Jones was a member of the International Socialist Organization, which dissolved in early 2019.
Jones has been published in a wide variety of media including The New York Times, The Guardian, Socialist Worker, Jacobin, and Chalkbeat.  They are married to theatre, television, and film actor Susan Pourfar.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Graduate from Center, CUNY alumni
Writers from New York (state)
African-American schoolteachers
African-American male actors
American male actors
Members of the International Socialist Organization
New York (state) Greens
Schoolteachers from New York (state)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Glaphyrina caudata is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fasciolariidae.
Distribution
This species is endemic to New Zealand.
Habitat
This sea snail is found in shallow water to depths of about 110 m.
Shell description
Shell rather small, elongated fusiform, solid, with a moderately long canal. Sculpture consisting of subequal narrow spiral cords,
about 10 on the penultimate whorl, the interspaces shallow, much broader than the cords upon the base, where they have a fine spiral thread; axial sculpture formed by numerous vertical broadly rounded ribs, 15 to 20 on the body whorl, where they become obsolete below the periphery. Colour light - yellowish, the spirals reddish - brown. Spire elevated conic, of the same height as the aperture with canal; outlines straight. Protoconch of 2 smooth whorls, small and globose. Whorls 8, regularly increasing, convex, very lightly shouldered, the last somewhat inflated; base excavated. Suture not much impressed. Aperture large, oval, broadly angled above, produced below into a fairly long oblique and open canal, rounded at the base. Outer lip convex, sharp, lightly lirate inside. Columella subvertical, slightly concave. Inner lip narrow, spreading over the parietal wall, narrowed below, and forming the inner edge of the canal. Operculum unknown.
The shell height is up to 49.5 mm, and width up to 21 mm.
References
This article incorporates public domain text from reference.
Powell, A.W.B. (1934). Upper Pliocene fossils from Cape Runaway. Records of the Auckland Institute and Museum. 1: 261-274.
Spencer, H.G., Marshall, B.A. & Willan, R.C. (2009). Checklist of New Zealand living Mollusca. Pp 196-219. in: Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch.
Maxwell, P.A. (2009). Cenozoic Mollusca. Pp 232-254 in Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch.
External links
Quoy J.R.C. & Gaimard J.P. (1832-1835). Voyage de découvertes de l'"Astrolabe" exécuté par ordre du Roi, pendant les années 1826-1829, sous le commandement de M. J. Dumont d'Urville. Zoologie. 1: i-l, 1-264; 2(1): 1-321 [1832; 2(2): 321-686 [1833]; 3(1): 1-366 [1834]; 3(2): 367-954 [1835]; Atlas (Mollusques): pls 1-93 [1833]. Paris: Tastu]
Sowerby, G. B., II. (1842-1887). Thesaurus Conchyliorum: Or monographs of genera of shells. London, privately published: vol. 1: p. 1-438, pl. 1-91 [cover date 1847; vol. 2: p. 439 899, pl. 92-186 [cover date 1855]; vol. 3: p. 1-331, pl. 187-290 [cover date: 1866]; vol. 4 p. 1-110, pl. 292-423 [cover date 1880]; vol. 5: p. 1-305, pl. 424-517 [cover date 1887] - Details of dates in Petit R.E. 2009 Zootaxa 2189: 35-37; dates of different parts behind cover page of volume I in the copy of BHL]
Finlay H.J. (1926). A further commentary on New Zealand molluscan systematics. Transactions of the New Zealand Institute. 57: 320-485, pls 18-23
Fasciolariidae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Gastropods described in 1833
"Baby Baby" is a song by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation, released on March 17, 2008, through SM Entertainment as the lead single off of the repackaged edition of their debut studio album Girls' Generation, also titled Baby Baby.
Release
It was the lead single of to repackage of Girls' Generation, titled Baby Baby who was released on March 17, 2008. The album was released in two versions, each edition features the same contents, however the cover art used for one of them was used as back cover for the other one, and the other way around. A MV for "Baby Baby" was released as well, containing scenes of the Making of video of the Girls' Generation MV, and footage of the girls working on their first album.
The song was written and produced by Hwang Seong Je (BJJ) and Yoo Jenny.
Promotion
Girls' Generation had their comeback performance on Music Bank, on March 21, 2008. The group also performed "Baby Baby" on various music shows such as Music Core, Inkigayo and M! Countdown in March and April.
The album promotions was concluded on April 13, 2008, at Inkigayo.
Music video
The music video for "Baby Baby" was released on March 17. The Music Video consists of behind the scene footage from other music videos.
Track listing
Awards and nominations
Music programs awards
Credits and personnel
Girls' Generation – vocals
Taeyeon – main vocals, background vocals
Jessica – main vocals, background vocals
Sunny – lead vocals
Tiffany – lead vocals
Hyoyeon – sub-vocals
Yuri – vocals
Sooyoung – sub-vocals
Yoona – lead vocals
Seohyun – lead vocals
Hwang Seong Je (BJJ) – producing, songwriting, arranger, music
Yoo Jenny – songwriting
References
External links
"Baby Baby" Music Video
2008 singles
Dance-pop songs
Girls' Generation songs
SM Entertainment singles
Korean-language songs
2008 songs
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Viroinval. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
Viroinval
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Viroinval
The American Museum of Magic in Marshall, Michigan, houses a large collection of magical paraphernalia and illusions, including an extensive collection of devices that once belonged to famed magician Harry Blackstone Sr., (1885–1965).
Museum collection
The American Museum of Magic is the largest magic museum in the United States open to the public. The collection is extensive, and includes both famous and obscure magicians (for example, it has artifacts from Clare Cummings, who was 'Milky The Twin Pines Magic Clown' and who donated most of their magic tricks to this museum). The museum celebrates the art of magic and the devotion of magicians to their craft. Founded on April 1, 1978, the museum celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2008.
As the Michigan Historical marker on the site notes: this "unique collection … celebrates the magician's arts of wonder and delight. Michigan's link to magic is no illusion for nearby Colon, Michigan, a center of magic manufacturing," and Harry Blackstone's home. Registered Site L1240 Erected 1985. Indeed, the town and Mr. Blackstone are noted in another historical marker in Colon.
It has been described as "the Smithsonian Museum of magic." "It is this wealth of extra, un-exhibited stuff that gives this place such promise. ... The museum has thousands of files on everyone from Doug Henning to Donna Delberts, 'the world's only lady fire eater', who turned out to be an AWOL American GI and a man."
Specifically, the museum includes 2,009 heralds, handbills, and window cards, 587 show-bills, and over 5,000 programs, 10,000 books, 24,000 magazines, and 46,000 photos. The museum's collection also includes apparatus, magic sets, letters, diaries, manuscripts, scrapbooks, and a half million pieces of "ephemera." The archive, located in the Lund Memorial Library, includes thousands of little-known illusionists. Magician David Copperfield calls it "one of my favorite places on earth".
Important exhibits include Doug Henning's "Zig Zag" illusion, various apparatus used by Howard Thurston in "one of the largest illusion shows across America", and the “Milk Can” and "Overboard Box" used by Harry Houdini.
Lund at one time was in possession of a large cache of important books by occultist Aleister Crowley from Crowley's own collection, which Crowley had stored in a Detroit warehouse many years previously but had not reclaimed.
History
The American Museum of Magic was founded by the late Robert Lund, a Detroit-area writer and editor who was an obsessed collector of magic artifacts, with the assistance of their wife, the late Elaine Lund. It is said Mr. Lund liked the craft and skills, but decided early on that they lacked the showmanship necessary to become a world class magician. Instead Lund determined that their mark on magic would be to become its foremost student of magic history and collect everything they could find that related to their beloved art. Following their lifelong quest, they "ultimately gathered a collection that grew to be one of the world's largest and greatest."
The museum is housed in a 140-year-old Victorian building (built in 1868) which has been a saloon, billiard parlor, clothing store, and museum. It is located at 107 East Michigan Avenue, Marshall, Calhoun County, Michigan. The building has been meticulously restored by Bob and Elaine Lund. They silk screened window posters, restored floors, installed cabinets, and did major clean up. Their daughter has ably assisted. They "put their heart and souls into the Museum." The City of Marshall was sufficiently impressed that it awarded them a silver cup.
Museum operation and events
In 2005 the museum was taken over by a new Board of Directors, which has sought to revitalize it. The American Museum of Magic, Inc. is a tax exempt 501(c)(3) charitable corporation.
The museum offers group tours, field trips, virtual tours, and virtual student workshops. The Lund Memorial Library houses much of the museum's collection and is open by appointment to researchers. Each October the Museum regularly hosts an event of prestidigitation, escape, and feats that are said to be amazing.
Magician Terry Evanswood was given an award by the museum.
Other Blackstone exhibits
In 1985, on the 100th anniversary of their father's birth, Harry Blackstone Jr. donated to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington D.C. the original floating light bulb - Thomas Edison designed and built it - and the original Casadega Cabinet, used in the "Dancing Handkerchief" illusion. This was the first donation accepted by the Smithsonian in the field of magic.
See also
List of magic museums
Notes
Further reading
.
External links
American Museum of Magic home page.
Marshall Michigan, commentary on American Museum of Magic.
Michigan Historical markers.
Waymarking, American Museum of Magic, Image Gallery.
Amusement museums in the United States
Biographical museums in Michigan
Organizations established in 1978
Magic museums
Magic organizations
Museums in Calhoun County, Michigan
Museums established in 1978
1978 establishments in Michigan
"Beauty of the Ride" is a song by Sebadoh from their 1996 album Harmacy. It was released as a CD Single, a 7" vinyl record, and a 10" vinyl record.
The song peaked at number 74 on the UK Singles chart.
Track listing
UK/GE 7" Single (RUG47)
"Beauty of the Ride (Combination mix)"
"Riding" (Palace Brothers cover)
UK/GE 10" and CD Single (RUG47CD)
"Beauty of the Ride (Combination mix)"
"Sixteen"
"Riding" (Palace Brothers cover)
"Slintstrumental"
Sebadoh songs
1996 singles
Songs written by Lou Barlow
1996 songs
Domino Recording Company singles
Pašino Ruvci () is a village in Municipality of Krivogaštani, North Macedonia.
Geography and location
The village of Pashino Ruvci is located on the southwest of Prilep. The closest village to it is Obrshani, which is just northern of Pashino Ruvci.
History
Pashino Ruvci, for the first time in the history archives, is mentioned as Rusche or Ruvce in the period between 1650 and 1750. In the mid-19th century, together with the village of Borotino, they were given as a gift from the Turkish government to Ali-pasha from Bitola, as a reward for their contributions during the war.
At the end of the 19th century, the village was part of Bitola's kaza.
The old name of this village, given by the ottomans during their reign is Ashar Usu.
Demography
According to the statistics of Vasil Kanchov("Macedonia, Ethnography and statistics") from 1900, in Pashino Ruvci lived 450 villagers, all of which were Bulgarians.
According to the secretary of the Bulgarian Exarchate secretary, Dimitar Mishev, ("La Macédoine et sa Population Chrétienne") in 1905 in Pashino Ruvci there were 256 Bulgarians.
According to the 2002 census, the village of Pashino Ruvci has 277 households, with 627 inhabitants, all of which are Macedonians.
References
Villages in Krivogaštani Municipality
Wolfgang Stefinger (born 20 April 1985) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2013.
Political career
Stefinger first became a member of the Bundestag in the 2013 German federal election.  They are a member of the Committee on Education, Research and Technology Assessment and the Committee on Economic Cooperation and Development. In this capacity, they are their parliamentary group's rapporteur for relations with India.
In addition to their committee assignments, Stefinger serves as deputy chairperson of the German Parliamentary Friendship Group for Relations with the Southern African States.
In the negotiations to form a fourth coalition government under Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Stefinger was part of the working group on education policy, led by Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, Stefan Müller and Hubertus Heil.
Other activities
German Africa Foundation, Member of the Board (since 2022)
Baker Tilly Foundation, Member of the Advisory Board
Federal Agency for Civic Education (BPB), Member of the Board of Trustees
St Barbara Foundation, Member of the Board of Trustees
Political positions
In June 2017, Stefinger voted against their parliamentary group's majority and in favor of Germany's introduction of same-sex marriage.
Controversy
Amid the COVID-19 pandemic in Germany in 2020, Stefinger was one of three members of their parliamentary group – alongside Ronja Kemmer and Christoph Ploß – who became the subject of media scrutiny after they had accepted an invitation to embark on a three-day short trip to Oman; Oman's embassy covered their travel expenses of 5,466 euros each.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1985 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Politicians from Munich
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Endsleigh Insurance is a Cheltenham-based UK insurance intermediary specialising in the student, education, graduate and sport markets. It is the preferred insurer for several unions and professional associations.
Endsleigh was established in 1965 by National Union of Students (NUS).
In March 2018, Endsleigh was acquired by A-Plan Holdings, and is the only official and approved insurer of National Union of Students. The current CEO of Endsleigh is Alison Meckiffe.
History
Conceived by the former University of Nottingham student Michael Jeremy Naylor, Endsleigh was founded by National Union of Students (NUS) in 1965 to provide tailored insurance services to university and college students. It was named after Endsleigh Street in Bloomsbury, on the Duke of Bedford's Bedford Estate where the NUS had its headquarters at the time. With Mike Naylor as its Managing Director, it then expanded into the graduate and professionals markets. Since its founding it has been the only insurer recommended by the NUS and is now the preferred insurance supplier for many professional associations, including the National Association of Schoolmasters Union of Women Teachers (NASUWT) and the University and College Union (UCU).
In 1970 Endsleigh moved from its London headquarters to Cheltenham.
In 1976 the NUS sold 100% of the company to Gouda Insurance International, as it was felt a stronger financial base was needed to fully exploit market opportunities. The NUS retained two seats on the board and in 1982 bought back a 14% shareholding. In July 1995, Endsleigh's founder and still driving influence, Mike Naylor, was killed in a car crash in Southern France at the age of 59.
From 1993 to 1996, Endsleigh sponsored the English Football League. From 1988 to 1999 Endsleigh was the main shirt sponsor for Burnley F.C., with its logo appearing on the players' shirts, and it did the same for Cheltenham Town F.C. from 1997 to 1999. In the late 1990s to early 2000s, a club called Endsleigh, later known as EFC Cheltenham, played in the Hellenic Football League.
Zurich
In April 2002, a management buyout, led by the Managing Director, Mike Alcock, bought out Gouda and formed a partnership with Zurich Financial Services.
The company moved into the business market in 2000, and this combined with a 25% increase in customer base helped profits leap from £2.5m in 2000 to £8.6m in 2003. In February 2005 the 'Sunday Times PricewaterhouseCooper Profit Track 100' rated Endsleigh as the 76th fastest growing company in the UK, at 52% a year.
In January 2007, Zurich acquired 100% shareholding. As of 1 September 2008, Endsleigh discontinued operating its local branch service (which was made up of 119 UK Branches). This was followed in early 2011 by the closure of the operations centre in Belfast, and the firm is now operated from its Cheltenham Head Office. The Cheltenham location also manages all non-sales related areas of the business, such as Marketing, Finance, IT, and the company's subsidiary businesses dealing with financial advice and business insurance, among other interests.
A-Plan Holdings
In March 2018, Endsleigh was acquired by A-Plan Holdings.
References
External links
Insurance companies of the United Kingdom
Financial services companies established in 1965
Companies based in Cheltenham
Zurich Insurance Group
Nóra Edöcsény-Hóbor (born February 2, 1974, in Budapest) is an athlete from Hungary, who competes in triathlon. Edocseny competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took nineteenth place with a total time of 2:05:20.03.
References
sports-reference
1974 births
Living people
Hungarian female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Hungary
Sportspeople from Budapest
Randall Clay Blaker (born June 27, 1950) is an American country musician, singer-songwriter, and producer based in Texas for most of their career. Their songs have been recorded by many other artists, including George Strait, Tim McGraw, The Derailers, LeAnn Rimes, Doug Sahm, Johnny Mathis and Barbra Streisand. Blaker has also been a popular regional entertainer and has released several albums of their own material with their band, the Texas Honky-Tonk Band.
Biography
After growing up in Texas, Blaker spent time in Hawaii and California before returning to Texas in the 1970s. In San Marcos, Texas they got to know the members of the Ace in the Hole Band, including their front-man George Strait. Blaker's Texas Honky Tonk Band played with the Ace in the Hole Band at a number of venues in Houston and Central Texas.
In 1982, Strait included Blaker's song "The Only Thing I Have Left" on their second album, Strait from the Heart. Tim McGraw later covered the song. Strait has since recorded six more songs by Blaker, including "She Lays It All on the Line" for the soundtrack to Strait's 1992 film Pure Country.
In 1999, Barbra Streisand recorded their song "We Must Be Loving Right", co-written with Roger Brown, after hearing Strait's version of it. According to Blaker, Streisand's husband James Brolin had been playing Strait's album, and Streisand "heard the song and liked it enough to put it on their next album. That album was all love songs, so it fit right in." They have also written songs with Jim Lauderdale and others.
Blaker has produced records, mostly for themselves and other regional Texas artists, including the Ed Burleson song "My Perfect World."
In 2002, Blaker announced that they were retiring and moving to an island off the coast of Panama. Although retired from touring, Blaker is still writing songs and in 2015 released a trilogy of EP's of all new music called "Still Swingin'", "Still Rockin'", and "Still Country".
In 2017, a double live album was released of Blaker and their Texas Honky-Tonk Band called "Live-Through the Years 1979–2002". Also in 2017, an article in the Houston Chronicle named Blaker's 1998 album "Rumor Town" one of the best Texas singer-songwriter albums of all-time.
Discography
Blaker recorded the following albums:
What a Way to Live – Texas Musik Records (1982)
Sooner or Later – Texas Musik Records (1986)
Layin' it All on the Line – Neobilly Records (1993)
Rumor Town – Neobilly Records (1998)
Welcome to the Wasteland – Neobilly Records (2000)
Still Rockin – Neobilly Records (2015)
Still Swingin – Neobilly Records (2015)
''Still Country – Neobilly Records (2015)
The Early Singles: 1978–1987 – Neobilly Records (2016)
What a Way To Live – Re-release Edition – Neobilly Records (2016)
''Through the Years 1979–2002, Vol. 1 (Live) – Neobilly Records (2017)
Through the Years 1979–2002, Vol. 2 (Live)''' – Neobilly Records (2017)
The Lost Nashville Session''' – Neobilly Records (2019)
References
1950 births
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
Country musicians from Texas
American country singer-songwriters
Singer-songwriters from Texas
Oldenzijl is a small village in Het Hogeland municipality in the Dutch province of Groningen. It had a population of around 45 in January 2017.
History
It was part of Uithuizermeeden municipality before 1979, when it became part of Hefshuizen.
Gallery
References
External links
Het Hogeland
Populated places in Groningen (province)
Hung Hao-hsuan (; born ), better known as Karsa, is a Taiwanese professional League of Legends player for Victory Five.  They are known for their strategic jungle play and found success domestically and internationally during their time as a member of the Flash Wolves, winning several LMS titles and topping many international events. Hung has long been considered by many analysts and other professional players as one of the most mechanically skillful players from Taiwan.
Career
Machi 17
Hung began their professional career in June 2014 with team Machi 17.
Flash Wolves
In January 2015, Hung joined Flash Wolves. Due to their 1st-place finish at IEM Taipei, Flash Wolves were invited to compete at the IEM Season IX - World Championship. After a Round 1 loss against SK Gaming, Hung and the team went on to beat Cloud9 in Round 1 of the losers bracket. Round 2 of the losers bracket saw the team's 2nd meeting of the tournament with SK Gaming. A win against the European team secured the yoe Flash Wolves a place in the bracket stage. They were eventually knocked out of the tournament in the semifinals after losing to Team SoloMid.
With a second and third place LMS finish under their belt, the Flash Wolves had obtained a tie for the most LMS Championship Points behind AHQ, and were invited to the 2015 Taiwan Regional Finals. There, FW avenged their playoff loss by defeating Hong Kong Esports 3-2 and acquiring a spot in the 2015 Season World Championship.
At the World Championship, the FW were expected by many analysts to have one of the weakest showings of any team in attendance. However, after a 4-2 group stage with wins over favorites KOO Tigers and Counter Logic Gaming, the Flash Wolves emerged first from groups, becoming the first team in two years to finish ahead of a Korean team in groups at Worlds. In the tournament quarterfinals, FW lost 1–3 to Origen, earning a top eight finish.
Hung and the Flash Wolves won the 2016 Spring LMS, qualifying for the 2016 Mid-Season Invitational. At MSI Flash Wolves reached the semi-finals of the 2016 Mid-Season Invitational.
On 2 December 2017, it was announced that Hung had left Flash Wolves.
Royal Never Give Up
Later, on 20 December, it was announced that they had joined the Chinese team Royal Never Give Up (RNG). In their first season with RNG, Hung won the 2018 Spring LPL season and qualified for the 2018 Mid-Season Invitational. Hung left Royal Never Give Up in November 2019.
Top Esports
Hung signed with Top Esports in December 2019.
Tournament results
Flash Wolves
2015 Intel Extreme Masters Season9 Taipei — 1st
2015 League of Legends World Championship — 4th–8th
2016 Spring LMS — 1st
2016 Mid-Season Invitational — 3rd−4th
2016 Summer LMS — 1st
2017 Intel Extreme Masters Season11 World Championship Katowice — 1st
2017 Spring LMS — 1st
2017 Summer LMS — 1st
Royal Never Give Up
2018 Spring LPL — 1st
2018 Mid-Season Invitational — 1st
2018 Summer LPL — 1st
Top Esports
2018 LPL Spring — 2nd
2020 LPL Spring — 2nd
2020 Mid-Season Cup — 1st
2020 LPL Summer — 1st
References
External links
Living people
Taiwanese esports players
1997 births
Flash Wolves players
League of Legends jungle players
Royal Never Give Up players
Watu Kobese (born 27 June 1973) is a South African chess International Master and FIDE Trainer (2005).
They have won the South African Closed Championship three times, in 1998, 2003 and 2011, and the South African Open twice, in 2004 and 2008. Kobese was awarded by FIDE the title of International Master (IM) in 1995. They played for South Africa in the Chess Olympiads of 1992, 1994, 1996, 1998, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2014, 2016 and 2018
Kobese is the author of Masidlale Uthimba, the first Xhosa chess book, published in July 2015 and translated from a version they wrote in Zulu nine years before.
References
External links
Watu Kobese chess games at 365Chess.com
1973 births
Living people
South African chess players
Chess International Masters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Place of birth missing (living people)
Stephanomeria occultata is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It is endemic to northern Utah.
References
occultata
Sausso Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Urigembi
02. Japaraka
03. Yari/Nungawa
04. Wiomungu
05. Tuonumbu
06. Munji
07. Suadogum
08. Rofundogum
09. Bima
10. Timunangua
11. Werman
12. Bararat
13. Peringa
14. Wambe
15. Rabiawa (sic Rofuyawa)
16. Kambaraka
17. Wamagu
18. Japaraka 1
19. Porombe
20. Segero
21. Kusaun
22. Mindogum
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Donatus Ó Fidabra OCist was an archbishop in Ireland during the 13th-century.
The Prior of Louth, they became Bishop of Clogher in 1218. In 1227 they became Archbishop of Armagh. Ó Fidabra died in October 1237.
References
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1237 deaths
Archbishops of Armagh
Theriognathus (from Greek therion: beast, mammal, Greek, gnathos, “jaw,” +us, pronounced THEH-ree-OG-nah-thuss) is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid belonging to the family Whaitsiidae, known from fossils from South Africa, Zambia, and Tanzania. Theriognathus has been dated as existing during the Late Permian. Although Theriognathus means mammal jaw, the lower jaw is actually made up of several bones as seen in modern reptiles, in contrast to mammals. Theriognathus displayed many different reptilian and mammalian characteristics. For example, Theriognathus had canine teeth like mammals, and a secondary palate, multiple bones in the mandible, and a typical reptilian jaw joint, all characteristics of reptiles. It is speculated that Theriognathus was either carnivorous or omnivorous based on its teeth, and was suited to hunting small prey in undergrowth. This synapsid adopted a sleek profile of a mammalian predator, with a narrow snout and around 1 meter long. Theriognathus is represented by 56 specimens in the fossil record.
Geography
Theriognathus is represented by abundant occurrences in the Karoo Basin of South Africa, sequestered records in the Upper Permian Ruhuhu Basin of Tanzania, Zambia, and Russia. Late Permian therapsids are best known from the Karoo Basin, which covers a massive area and provides Permian sediments that total 12 km in thickness. During the Late Permian, sediments were fed into the Karoo Basin from a ring of mountains that encircled Southern Gondwana (an ancient supercontinent, partly located on what is now South America and Antarctica) In the Karoo is the Beaufort Group, a subdivision of the basin. This division is further broken down into assemblage zones, intervals of geological strata that are defined based on the distributions of previously found tetrapod taxa.
Theriognathus has been found in the Wuchiapingian, upper Tropidostoma, Cistecephalus, and lower Dicynodon assemblage zones in the Upper Permian, Karoo Basin, South Africa; Wuchiapingian, Cistecephalus assemblage zones in the Upper Permian, Ruhuhu Basin, Tanzania; Wuchiapingian Cistecephalus assemblage zones in the Upper Permian, Luangwa Basin, Zambia; the Wuchiapingian, Upper Permian, Kotelnich, Kirov region, Russia;, the Changxingian Archosaurus assemblage zone, Upper Permian, Vladimir region, Russia.
Theriognathus was also found in the Tapinocephalus assemblage zone, which was an odd find since most specimen in that zone tend to be medium to large in size. Theriognathus was an exception to that norm. Diversification was shown by an increase in richness of eutherocephalian groups in the Cistecephalus and Dicynodon assemblage zones. During this time some of the more specialized genera, including Theriognathus, split from pre-existing families.
History of discovery
Theriognathus was first described by Sir Richard Owen in 1876 based on specimens that were discovered and donated by A.G. Bain from South Africa. The specimens (consisting of therocephalians, including Theriognathus) were described and illustrated in “Catalogue of the Fossil Reptiles of South Africa in the Collections of the British Museum,” by Owen. Theriognathus was considered a dicynodont at that time. In 1950, Von Huene described two Theriognathus skulls (whatsiids Notosollasia and Notaelurops, now synonymous with Theriognathus), from the Upper Permian Ruhuhu Basin of Tanzania. In 1980, most whaisiid genera were combined with Theriognathus, creating two species. Theriognathus major was the new species name that included Whaitsia major, and Theriognathus laticeps was the new species that included Notosollasia laticeps. Whaitsia, Alopecopsis, Notosallasia, Hyenosaurus, Moshorhynchus, Notaelurops, and Aneugomphius have been synonymized with Theriognathus. These genera were linked due to lack of postcanine teeth.
Results from the analysis of a basal cynodont, Charassognathus gracilis, from the Late Permian Tropidostoma Assemblage Zone, South Africa, supported an original hypothesis of T.S. Kemp's concept of Therocephalia being paraphyletic, placing Cynodontia as the sister taxon to Theriognathus. This was significant in the relationship of Theriognathus and cynodonts, as well as being the first computer assisted cladistics analysis to support the possible paraphyletic relationship of Therocephalia. A few authors have supported this phylogenetic hypothesis, based on the existence of an enlarged epiterygoid and a quadrate notch in the squamosal.
Description/paleobiology
Skull
Skull roof
The anterodorsal-most tip of the premaxilla forms a rostral process, which overhangs the incisors, like in most eutherocephalians. The external nares are relatively large and face anterolaterally. The rostrum is relatively long and about as high as it is broad. A constriction of the snout exists directly behind the caniniforms, causing the snout to look relatively narrow. The posterior region of the maxillary facial plate is folded inward onto the palatal region, like in most non-akidnognathid whaitsioids. The suborbital bar is deep and slightly expanded. It extends from the jugal onto the posterior end of the maxillary facial plate, creating orbital convergence and appearing more triangular than circular in dorsal view. The orbit is positioned relatively high in the skull. There is a postorbital process on the jugal. The zygomatic arch is very slender. The parietal borders the temporal fenestra dorsally and is expanded posteriorly on the midline of the parietal foramen.</ref> The parietal crest is usually quite long., another trait shared with non-akidnognathid whaitsioids. The quadrate and quadratojugal are reduced in height, and situated in the depression on the anterior face of the squamosal. There is no nasal-lacrimal contact and no prefrontal-postorbital contact in adults.
Palate
The palatal fenestra of the lower caniniform merges with the internal naris. A portion of the vomer separates the choanae, and bears specialized transverse processes just anterior to the contact with the premaxilla. The vomers are either fused anteriorly or completely fused. No palatine teeth have ever been found on specimens of Theriognathus. The pterygoid flange expansion is severe, and looks like posteriorly protruding wings with a slight posterolateral tilt, a character shared with most therocephalians. The interpterygoid vacuity of Theriognathus adults is either absent or extremely reduced. Theriognathus shares this character with Moschowhaitsia, and is convergent in scylacosaurids.
Lower jaw
The dorsal process of the stapes in Theriognathus is greatly reduced or entirely absent. The dentary is short, shaped like a banana, and continuously tapers anteriorly to a narrow edge. The dentarys' lateral surface is smooth. The posterodorsal terminal end of the coronoid process is more rounded, and the dorsal extent terminates below the middle of the orbit in adults. The postdentary bones are reduced to form a free standing coronoid process. The reflected lamina is spade shaped and does not extend below the dentary. The area between left and right dentaries remains relatively long and narrow just posterior to symphyseal region.
Teeth
Theriognathus has five or fewer interlocking incisors, which have longitudinal grooves. There are four lower incisors. The incisors are relatively straight and conical. There are no functional upper postcanines and the upper canine is large in adults. The incisor cutting margins are smoothly ridged. Lower canines are large in adults, and post-canine teeth exist in the lower jaw.
Post-cranial
The pubis and ischium alignment is horizontal, with a wide puboischiatic plate.
Bone histology
Ricqlès (1969) suggested differential rates of growth between a basal therocephalian from the Middle Permian of South Africa and the Late Permian whaitsiid ‘Notosollasia' (now synonymous with Theriognathus). According to Ricqlès, Theriognathus' radius midshaft bone wall is extremely thick and has a reduced central cavity without cancellous structures. The vascular motif is primarily longitudinal and radial. Ricqlès suggested that therocephalians might have exhibited accelerated growth rates later in their evolutionary history due to the comparatively more vascularized cortical bone in the radius of the whaitsiid.
The femur bears a relatively thick wall as well, and could be related to impact loading, due to its orientation. The thick cortical bone is made many primary osteons in a parallel and woven fibered matrix. There are numerous osteocyte lacunae that have a spherical shape within the growth zones, but more lenticular and ordered near growth marks. The cortex has a moderate amount of vascularization. The pattern and number of the growth marks indicated some amount of plasticity in the growth style of Theriognathus.
Classification
In 1980, most whaitsiid genera were synonymized with Theriognathus, creating two new species. Theriognathus major was the new combination for Whaitsia major, and Theriognathus laticeps was the new combination for Notosollasia laticeps. Whaitsiids like Theriognathus were once thought to be closely related to cynodonts, and were even thought to be ancestral to Cynodontia. A 2008 study found Therocephalia to be paraphyletic and placed Theriognathus as the sister-group to Cynodontia. In 2009, another phylogenetic analysis of therocephalians found that the group was monophyletic and placed Theriognathus in a deeply nested position within the clade.
References
Lopingian synapsids of Africa
Whaitsiids
Fossil taxa described in 1876
Taxa named by Richard Owen
Wuchiapingian genus first appearances
Wuchiapingian genus extinctions
Kopriva Peak (, ) is the rocky peak rising to 1140 m at the south extremity of Wolseley Buttress on the southeast side of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It surmounts Albone Glacier to the east and Edgeworth Glacier to the west.
The peak is named after the settlement of Kopriva in Western Bulgaria.
Location
Kopriva Peak is located at , which is 5.14 km southwest of Bolgar Buttress, 10.38 km northwest of Dolen Peak, 8.73 km northeast of Trave Peak and 5.74 km east-southeast of Paramun Buttress.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Kopriva Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Kopriva Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
The Column of Marcian () is a Roman honorific column erected in Constantinople by the praefectus urbi Tatianus (450-c.452) and dedicated to the Emperor Marcian (450-57). It is located in the present-day Fatih district of Istanbul. The column is not documented in any late Roman or Byzantine source and its history has to be inferred from its location, style and dedicatory inscription.
The column is carved from red-grey Egyptian granite, in two sections. The quadrilateral basis is encased by four slabs of white marble. Three faces are decorated with IX monograms within medallions, and the fourth with two genii supporting a globe. The column is topped by a Corinthian capital, decorated with aquilae. The inscription confirms that the capital was originally surmounted by a statue of Marcian, in continuation of an imperial architectural tradition initiated by the Column of Trajan and the Column of Marcus Aurelius in Rome. The basis of the column is orientated northwest/southeast, while its capital is aligned north/south, possibly so that the statue could look towards the nearby Church of the Holy Apostles.
A Latin dedicatory inscription is engraved on the northern side of the basis. Its lettering was originally filled with bronze, which has since been removed. The inscription reads:
[PR]INCIPIS HANC STATUAM MARCIANI | CERNE TORUMQUE |
[PRAE]FECTUS VOVIT QUOD TATIANUS | OPUS
(Behold this statue of the princeps Marcian and its base,a work dedicated by the prefect Tatianus.)
The Turkish name Kıztaşı, "the column of the girl" (kız: "girl" + taş: "stone"), apparently derives from the genii on the basis, which during the Ottoman period were the column's most distinguishing features (after the loss of Marcian's statue).
Gallery
Notes
References
External links
Byzantium 1200 | Column of Marcianos
Buildings and structures completed in the 5th century
Latin inscriptions
Marcian
Marcian
Fatih
5th-century Roman sculptures
5th-century inscriptions
Tillandsia ferreyrae is a species in the genus Tillandsia, endemic to Peru.
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Rechoncho'
Tillandsia 'Royal Sceptre'
References
ferreyrae
Endemic flora of Peru
Plants described in 1863
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1565.
Events
March 1 – Poet and missionary José de Anchieta co-founds Rio de Janeiro.
October – Torquato Tasso enters the service of Cardinal Luigi d'Este at Ferrara.
unknown dates
Philip Neri founds the Biblioteca Vallicelliana in Rome.
Approximate time of composition of the Bannatyne Manuscript.
New books
Prose
Giovanni Battista Giraldi – Hecatommithi
Pierre Pithou –
Camillo Porzio – La Congiura dei baroni
John Stow – Summarie of Englyshe Chronicles
Bernardino Telesio – De natura juxta propria principia (On the Nature of Things according to their Own Principles)
Joseph Karo – Shulchan Aruch (Code of Jewish Law)
Drama
Jean-Antoine de Baïf – L'Eunuque
Picture
Richard Breton – Les songes drolatiques de Pantagruel (The Drolatic Dreams of Pantagruel)
Poetry
See 1565 in poetry
Births
September 28 – Alessandro Tassoni, Italian poet (died 1635)
Unknown dates
Gonzalo de Illescas, Spanish historian (died 1633)
Francis Meres, English author and cleric (died 1647)
Anthony Shirley, English traveler and writer (died 1635)
Deaths
March 17 – Alexander Ales, Scottish theologian (born 1500)
March – Lope de Rueda, Spanish dramatist (born c. 1510)
May 14 – Nicolaus von Amsdorf, German theologian (born 1483)
August 27 – William Rastell, English printer (born 1508)
October 7 – Johannes Mathesius, German theologian (born 1504)
October 22 – Jean Grolier de Servières, French bibliophile (born 1479)
December 13 – Conrad Gessner, Swiss naturalist and bibliographer (born 1516)
Unknown dates
Paolo Pino, Italian painter and writer on art (born 1534)
Benedetto Varchi, Italian poet and historian (born c. 1502)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Kenny Williams (born May 24, 1967) is an American former amateur racing cyclist.
Williams won the 1999 national criterium title Sunday at the U.S. Cycling Federation Road Cycling Championships held in Loveland, Ohio.
Williams and partner Kirk O'Bee came in third place at the Burnaby Six-Day cycling event in January 2008.
Williams was suspended in 2009 for taking the steroid Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) prior to the United States Masters Championships, where they claimed the 3000 metre individual pursuit and kilometre time trial titles.
Career highlights
2001: 1st in Tahuya-Seabeck-Tahuya Road Race (USA)
2003: 1st in National Championship, Track, Pursuit, Elite, United States of America, Leigh Valley (USA)
2003: 3rd in National Championship, Track, Madison, Elite, United States of America, Leigh Valley (USA)
2004: 3rd in National Championship, Road, ITT, Elite, United States of America, Redlands (USA)
2004: 2nd in National Championship, Track, Pursuit, Elite, United States of America, Frisco Superdrome (USA)
2005: 2nd in National Championship, Track, Team Pursuit, Elite, United States of America, Los Angeles (USA)
2007: 2nd in Burnaby, Six Days (CAN)
2007: 3rd in National Championship, Track, Team Pursuit, Elite, United States of America, Carson, CA (USA)
2008: 3rd in Burnaby, Six Days (CAN)
References
Further reading
External links
Living people
Cyclists from Washington (state)
American track cyclists
1967 births
The Baduspanids or Badusbanids (), were a local Iranian dynasty of Tabaristan which ruled over Ruyan/Rustamdar. The dynasty was established in 665, and with 933 years of rule as the longest dynasty in Iran, it ended in 1598 when the Safavids invaded their domains.
History
During the Arab invasion of Iran, the last Sasanian King of Kings () Yazdegerd III () reportedly granted control over Tabaristan to the Dabuyid ruler Gil Gavbara, who was a great-grandson of Jamasp (). Gil Gavbara's son Baduspan I was granted control over Ruyan in 665, thus forming the Baduspanid dynasty, which would rule the region until the 1590s. Another son, Dabuya succeeded their father the former as the head of the Dabuyid family, ruling the rest of Tabaristan.
The last Dabuyid ruler Khurshid managed to safeguard their realm against the Umayyad Caliphate, but after its replacement by the Abbasid Caliphate, they were finally defeated in 760. Tabaristan was subsequently made a regular province of the caliphate, ruled from Amul by an Arab governor, although the local dynasties of the Bavandids, Qarinvandids, the Zarmihrids and Baduspanids, formerly subject to the Dabuyids, continued to control the mountainous interior as tributary vassals of the Abbasid government. These rulers were largely if not completely autonomous. Due to the regional prominence of the Baduspanids, Ruyan became known as Rustamdar in the Mongol era, a deformed form of their regnal title, ustandar, which they had used since the rule of Shahriyar III ibn Jamshid ().
The Baduspanids were briefly deposed from power by the Mar'ashis, who ruled Rustamdar from 1381 till 1390, when they decided to install Baduspanid prince Sa'd al-Dawla Tus on the throne in Rustamdar to challenge the Afrasiyabid prince Iskandar-i Shaykhi who accompanied the Turco-Mongol ruler Timur (), who intended to conquer Mazandaran. However, Tus secretly corresponded with Iskandar-i Shaykhi, and eventually joined the forces of Timur in 1392. The following year (1393), Timur dislodged the Mar'ashis and conquered Mazandaran. In 1399/1400, they deprived the Baduspanids of most of their holdings by sending their troops to administer most of Rustamdar. The holdings of the new Baduspanid ruler Kayumarth I were now restricted to that of the castle of Nur. However, in 1405, they restored their rule in Rustamdar. They died in 1453. After their death, a dynastic struggle followed, which resulted in their kingdom being split up by their sons Iskandar IV and Ka'us II, in Kojur and Nur respectively. The Baduspanid dynasty was never to be united again, with the two branches ruling separately until they were eventually deposed in the 1590s by the Safavid monarch of Iran, Abbas the Great ().
Known Baduspanid rulers
665-694 : Baduspan I
694-723 : Khurzad ibn Baduspan
723-762 : Baduspan II
762-791 : Shahriyar I ibn Baduspan
791-822 : Vanda-Umid
822-855 : Abdallah ibn Vanda-Umid
Afridunid line
855-??? : Afridun ibn Karan
???-??? : Baduspan III
???-??? : Shahriyar II ibn Baduspan
887-899 : Hazar Sandan
Shahriyarid line
899-938 : Shahriyar III ibn Jamshid
938-965 : Muhammad
965-??? : Istwandad
974-1010 : Zarrin-Kamar I
1010-1036 : Ba-Harb
1036-1067 : Fakhr al-Dawla Namavar I
1067-1092 : Ardashir
1092-1132: Hazarasp I
1117-1168 : Shahrivash
1168-1184 : Kai Ka'us I
1184-1190 : Hazarasp II
1190-1209 : Bavandid occupation
1209-1213 : Zarrin-Kamar II
1213 -1223 : Bisutun I
1223-1242/1243 : Fakhr al-Dawla Namavar II
Died in 1242 : Hosam al-Dawla Ardashir
1242- ???? : Iskandar I
1242-1272 : Shahragim
1272-1301 : Namawar Shah Ghazi
1301-1311 : Kay Khusraw
1311-1317 : Shams al-Muluk Muhammad
1317-1324 : Nasir al-Din Shahriyar
1324-1333 : Taj al-Dawla Ziyar
1333-1359 : Jalal al-Dawla Iskandar
1359-1378 : Fakhr al-Dawla Shah-Ghazi
1378-1379 : Adud al-Dawla Qubad
1379-1391 : Mar'ashi occupation
1391-1394 : Sa'd al-Dawla Tus
1399-1453 : Kayumarth I
Nur branch
1453-1467 : Ka'us II
1467-1499 : Jahangir I
1499-1507 : Bisutun II
1507-1550 : Bahman of Tabaristan
1550-1576 : Kayumarth IV
1582-1586 : Sultan Aziz
1586-1593/1594 : Jahangir III
Kojur branch
1453-1476 : Iskandar IV
1476-1491 : Taj-al-Dawla ibn Iskandar
1491-1507 : Ashraf ibn Taj al-Dawla
1507-1543 : Ka'us III
1543-1555 : Kayumarth III
1555-1567 : Jahangir II
1568-1590 : Sultan Mohammad ibn Jahangir
1590-1598 : Jahangir IV
See also
Dabuyid dynasty
Bavand dynasty
House of Ispahbudhan
References
Sources
Chrzanów is a village in Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Chrzanów. It lies approximately north-east of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,760.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Lublin Governorate
Lublin Voivodeship (1919–1939)
Horror Hospital (also known as Computer Killers) is a 1973 British horror-comedy film starring Robin Askwith, Michael Gough, Dennis Price and Skip Martin.
Plot
When attempts to break into the pop business leave them with nothing but a bloody nose, songwriter Jason Jones (Robin Askwith) decides to take a break with 'Hairy Holidays', an outfit run by shifty, gay travel agent Pollock (Dennis Price). After failing to chat Jason up, Pollock sends them to pseudo-health farm Brittlehurst Manor. On the train journey there, Jason meets Judy (Vanessa Shaw) who is travelling to the same destination to meet their long-lost aunt. Both are unaware that the health farm (i.e. "Horror Hospital") is a front for Dr. Storm (Michael Gough) and their lobotomy experiments that turn wayward hippies into their mindless zombie slaves. The wheelchair-bound doctor surrounds themselves with an entourage that includes Judy's aunt, erstwhile brothel madam Olga (Ellen Pollock), dwarf Frederick (Skip Martin) and numerous zombie biker thugs. Dr. Storm also has a Rolls-Royce car, fitted with a giant blade that decapitates escapees and interfering parties. Abraham (Kurt Christian) arrives at the Horror Hospital "looking for their chick" and is promptly whacked around the head by the motorcycle zombies. Frederick, fed up at literally being Storm's whipping boy, helps the kids escape—paving the way for the '70s' youth to put the final spanner/wrench in the works to Storm's scheme.
Cast
Michael Gough – Dr. Christian Storm
Robin Askwith – Jason Jones
Vanessa Shaw – Judy Peters
Ellen Pollock – Aunt Harris
Dennis Price – Mr. Pollack
Skip Martin – Frederick
Kurt Christian – Abraham Warren
Barbara Wendy – Millie
Kenneth Benda – Carter
Martin Grace – Bike Boy
Colin Skeaping – Bike Boy
George Herbert – Laboratory Assistant
Susan Murphy – Lobotomy Victim Number 1.
James Boris IV – "Mystic" Band Member (as James IV Boris)
Alan Laurence Hudson – "Mystic" Band Member (as Allan "The River" Hudson)
Simon Lust – "Mystic" Band Member
Alan Watson – Transvestite in Club (uncredited)
Antony Balch – Bearded Man in Club/Bike Boy (uncredited)
Ray Corbett – Hunting Man (uncredited)
Richard Gordon – Man in Club (uncredited)
Production
After the success of their feature film debut Secrets of Sex (1969), an anthology sex film that flirted with horror themes, Antony Balch envisioned their second film as an out-and-out horror film and one with a continuous narrative.
Location filming was undertaken in and around Knebworth House near Stevenage, Hertfordshire.
Writing
The script was written by Balch and their friend Alan Watson during the 1972 Cannes Film Festival, although the film's title was thought up before the plot. Among Watson's ideas for the Horror Hospital script was the lethal Rolls-Royce, with its giant blade that decapitated people as it drove by.
Filming
The film was shot during a four-week schedule beginning on 16 October 1972. Shooting was done at Merton Park (mainly the pop group scene), Battersea Town Hall (which provided the interiors of Brittlehurst Manor) and Knebworth House.
The film's last night party on 11 November was compromised when Phoebe Shaw served cake that was laced with drugs. In their autobiography, Askwith wrote "I don't know what they put in the cake but I ended up with a twenty stone electrician Roy, sitting on my lap telling me they thought they were in love with me." Only producer Richard Gordon managed to avoid eating the cake.
Casting
Robin Askwith's role was specially written for them after they appeared in Gordon's previous 1972 production Tower of Evil. Balch asked Michael Gough to base their performance on Bela Lugosi, screening them a 16mm print of The Devil Bat, in which Lugosi plays a mad, perfume manufacturer.
The female lead was taken by Phoebe Shaw, who had previously appeared in several TV commercials, and was renamed 'Vanessa Shaw' for the film. During filming, Shaw and Askwith briefly became lovers. Them only other known roles were an uncredited bit part in a 1969 American TV adaptation of David Copperfield and brief roles as a boutique assistant in Say Hello to Yesterday (1970) and a police cadet in Ooh… You Are Awful (1972).
'Dwarf' actor Skip Martin (who ran a tobacconist's shop in between acting assignments) and veteran character actor Dennis Price also appeared in the film, as well as Kurt Christian—whose full title was Baron Kurt Christian von Siengenberg, and who left the country not long after the film was released. Their ambition at the time, according to Films and Filming magazine, was to "play a role that does not involve killing somebody".
Nicky Henson was originally considered for Christian's role.
Soundtrack
Horror Hospital also contains a pop music number, "Mark of Death", composed by Jason DeHavilland and performed by the group Mystic (James IV Boris, Alan "The River" Hudson, Simon Lust).
Home media
The film was originally released on DVD in the US by Elite Entertainment on 2 November 1999. A new remastered DVD with a new commentary from producer Richard Gordon was released by Dark Sky Films on 15 June 2010. The DVD release is set for 15 June 2010 by MPI Media Group.
The film was re-released on DVD and released for the first time on Blu-ray in the UK from Odeon on 10 August 2015.
References
External links
1973 films
1973 horror films
1970s comedy horror films
British comedy horror films
British zombie comedy films
1973 comedy films
1970s English-language films
1970s British films
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Garfield County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Garfield County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 33 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Garfield County
Ivana Mašitová is a Czech Glass Artist and Contemporary Glass Artist. They create mainly Cast Glass Sculptures. Them works are included in many major modern art collections, such as the Victoria & Albert Museum London United Kingdom, Corning Museum of Glass New York USA, National Museum of Modern Art Tokyo Japan, National Gallery Prague the Czech Republic and many others.
"Ivana Mašitová was a student of professor Stanislav Libenský in Prague, Czech Republic. He, a world-known modern glass art icon, and their wife and collaborator, Jaroslava Brychtová, are considered leading 20th century glass artist worldwide. Thanks to their talent and creativity, Ivana Mašitová has been considered one of their best students since the very beginning of their artistic career creating extraordinary glass sculptures, objects and architectural works using manifold technologies. After many years in this art field, in addition to talent and creativity, they have extensive experience and ability to master any project with unique results and this is reason why they are a renamed artist both in their own country and abroad. And this is the reason why they are considered the follower of professor´s highly professional creativity principles and their enormous success.”
Education
1980–1988: UMPRUM | Academy of Arts, Architecture & Design in Prague, the Czech Republic
Atelier of Professor Stanislav Libenský and Jaroslava Brychtová
https://www.umprum.cz/
1976–1980: Střední uměleckoprůmyslová škola sklářská (Czech Glass School), Kamenický Šenov, the Czech Republic
The oldest glass school at the world since 1856, under UNESCO protection
https://czech-glass-school.cz/en/homepage/
Public Collections
Victoria and Albert Museum, London, UK
Corning Museum of Glass, New York, USA
Brooklyn Museum, New York, USA
National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo, Japan
Museum voor Sierkunst, Gent, Belgium
Schloss Rosenau, Coburg- Museum Of Modern Glass(Europäisches Museum für modernes Glas, Coburg, Germany
National Gallery Prague, Prague, the Czech Republic
Museum of Decorative Arts in Prague, Prague, the Czech Republic
Regional museum in Zdar nad Sazavou, Žďár nad Sázavou, the Czech Republic
Moravian Gallery, Brno, the Czech Republic
Museum of Glass and Jewellery, Jablonec nad Nisou, the Czech Republic
East Bohemian Museum, Pardubice, the Czech Republic
Awards
2021 Artist of the Month December 2021, Art Alliance for Contemporary Glass, Dallas, Texas, USA
2021 3rd Prize Medal "Lorenzo il Magnifico"- Sculpture, Florence Biennale, XIII.International Exhibition of Contemporary Art and Design, Florence, Italy
1989 1st Prize, Jugend-Gestaltet-Preis, Munich, Germany
Exhibitions
2022 Red Moon Contemporary Art Glass Gallery, Armadale, Melbourne, Australia
Europe Contemporary Art Glass Exhibition (17July - 21August)
Exclusive representant for Australia
2022 Habatat Detroit Fine Art, Royal Oak, Michigan, USA
Habatat's 50th Glass International Exhibition - International Year of Glass 2022 (30April - 29July)
2021 Habatat Galleries, West Palm Beach, Florida, USA
2021 International Biennale of Glass, Sofia, Bulgaria
2021 Florence Biennale XIII.International Exhibition of Contemporary Art and Design, Florence, Italy
2021 Broft Galleries, Lerdamm, the Netherlands
Solo exhibition
Exclusive representant for the Netherlands
2019 The International Exhibition of Glass, Kanazawa, Japan
2017 Tyler Gallery, Vienna, Austria
2015 Glass Gallery, Rouen, France
2014 Gallery of Art, Hamburg, Germany
2013 Czech Glass, Köln Am Rhein, Germany
2012 Gallery Transparence, Bruxelles, Belgium
2012 Festival of Glass, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
2011 Art Glass Gallery, Villach, Austria
2009 Czech Glass, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
2008 Czech Glass, Bangkok, Thailand
2007 Glass Gallery, Hokkaido, Japan
2006 Art Museum, Taipei, Taiwan
2005 Glass Gallery, Schalkwijk, the Netherlands
2004 Gallery Clara Scremini, Paris, France
2003 Prof. Libenský and their students, Chicago, USA
2002 Stanislav Libensky and their School, Taipei Fine Arts Museum, Japan
2000 Maureen Littleton Gallery, Washington DC, USA
2000 Contemporary Czech Glass Sculpture, Takayama Museum, Japan
1999 Nakama Gallery, Tokyo, Japan
1998 Czech Glass, Heilbronn, Germany
1998 Glass in Architecture, Beijing, China
1997 Plaza Art Gallery, Toyama, Japan
1996 Studio Glass Gallery, London, UK
1996 Art Temporis, Paris, France
1995 Gallery Groeneveld, Almeo, the Netherlands
1995 BGallery, Baden Baden, Germany
1995 Gallery Prager Cabinet, Salzburg, Austria
1994 Gallery Sanske, Zurich, Switzerland
1994 World Glass Now, Sapporo, Japan
1994 World Glass Now, Hiroshima | Tokyo | Osaka, Japan
1993 Days of Czech Culture, Munich, Germany
1993 Center of Art Glass, Amsterdam, the Netherlands
1993 Art Glass Centre, Schalkwijk, the Netherlands
1993 Glass Prague Prize, Prague, the Czech Republic
1993 Heller Gallery, New York, USA
1992 Miller Gallery, New York, USA
1992 Glass Gallery, Grabenhof, Austria
1992 The Azabu Museum of Arts, Tokyo, Japan
1991 OB ART, Paris, France
1991 Glass Gallery, Hittfeld, Germany
1991 Exposition Internationale Glass, Rouen, France
1991 Configura 1, Fine Art in Europe, Erfurt, Germany
1990 Essener Glass Gallery, Essen, Germany
1990 Congress House, Munich, Germany
1990 Trade Fair of Arts, Barcelona, Spain
1989 Jugend-Gestaltet-Preis, Munich, Germany
1989 Gallery Transparence, Bruxelles, Belgium
1989 Czechoslovak Glass Art, Chartres, France
References
External links
Ivana Masitova Official Website
Official Instagram Account
Official Linkedin Account
[https://karlovarsky.denik.cz/kultura_region/kv-sun-gallery-sklo-ivany-masitove-20101020.html
https://artuk.org/discover/artists/maitova-ivana-b-1961
Ivana Mašitová - Artnet
Ivana Mašitová - Czech and German Glass Art
Glass artists
Women glass artists
Czech artists
1961 births
Living people
People from Česká Lípa
Artists from Prague
Jörn Koblitz (born 1961) is publisher of MetBase - the Meteorite Information Database and Bibliography of Meteoritics and Planetary Sciences and curator of the MetBase Library of Meteoritics and Planetary Sciences, located in Bremen, Germany.
They also are co-founder and managing director of microFAB Bremen GmbH, a silicon wafer foundry active in the business field of MEMS.
As a member of the Meteoritical Society since 1983, they served in the Society's Nomenclature Committee from 1997 to 2003.
Joern received the first Meteoritical Society's Service Award in 2006.
References
[1] https://web.archive.org/web/20110716201457/http://meteoriticalsociety.org/simple_template.cfm?code=home_awardees
1961 births
German curators
Meteorites
Living people
Thilanga Udeshana (born 13 March 1998) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. They made their first-class debut for Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2017–18 Premier League Tournament on 8 December 2017. They made their Twenty20 debut for Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2018–19 SLC Twenty20 Tournament on 21 February 2019. They made their List A debut for Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2018–19 Premier Limited Overs Tournament on 12 March 2019.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
James Finlayson (22 November 1840 – 9 October 1906) was a Scottish surgeon, physician, and prolific writer on medical and historical topics.
Life
Born in Glasgow, Finlayson was third son and fourth child of the seven children of Thomas Finlayson, a manufacturer, and Georgina Campbell, the daughter of an army surgeon in India. Their elder brother Thomas Campbell Finlayson was known as a congregational minister, first at the Congregational Church in Downing Place, Cambridge, and later at Rusholme, Manchester. James Finlayson received their early education at the Glasgow High School, and in 1856 entered the old college of Glasgow University in High Street as an arts student. From 1857 to 1862 they were in their father's business; but in 1863 they began the study of medicine, and graduated M.B. at Glasgow University with honours on 16 May 1867; they proceeded M.D. in 1869, and on 18 April 1899 was made hon. LL.D.
Finlayson was admitted a fellow of the Royal Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow in 1871, and was successively its honorary librarian (1877–1901), visitor (1899), and president (1900–3). After serving as house surgeon at the Children's Hospital, Manchester, they were assistant to Sir William Tennant Gairdner at the Glasgow Royal Infirmary, and in 1875 was elected physician to the Western Infirmary, Glasgow, where they were a recognised teacher until their death. They were also physician (1883–98) and later consulting physician to the Royal Hospital for Sick Children, Glasgow, and for many years was medical adviser to the Scottish Amicable Insurance Company. Their own practice around Glasgow, was large.
Finlayson, who was unmarried, died suddenly from apoplexy on 9 October 1906 at their residence, 2 Woodside Place, Glasgow; their remains were cremated at the Western Necropolis. Friends endowed the Finlayson Memorial Lecture at the Royal Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow; the first lecture was delivered on 28 February 1908 by Norman Moore on the Schola Salernitana.
Works
Finlayson's M.B. dissertation was titled The value of quantitative methods of investigation in medicine and allied sciences. They wrote on all aspects of medicine, including diseases of children, authoring 150 papers, 60 of which appeared in the Glasgow Medical Journal. They covered the history of medicine, and gave a number of lectures at Glasgow under the title of Bibliographical Demonstrations on Hippocrates, Galen, Herophilus, and Erasistratus (1893–5), the substance of which they contributed to Janus, an international medical journal. Their major works were:
Clinical Manual for the Examination of Medical Cases, 1878; 3rd edit. 1891.
Account of the Life and Works of Maister Peter Lowe, the Founder of the Faculty of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow, 1889.
An Account of the Life and Works of Dr. Robert Watt, Author of the "Bibliotheca Britannica", 1897.
To John Marie Keating's Cyclopædia of the Diseases of Children (1889) Finlayson contributed the article "Diagnosis".
References
Further reading
Attribution
External links
1840 births
1906 deaths
19th-century Scottish medical doctors
Scottish surgeons
Scottish medical writers
Writers from Glasgow
Set in Stone is a children's fantasy novel written by Linda Newbery. It won the Costa Children's Book of the Year Prize for 2006, and was nominated for the 2007 Carnegie Medal.
Plot summary
Samuel Godwin, an aspiring artist, is forced to drop out of art school following their father's death. Without any qualifications, they contemplate what to do for work. Wealthy business person Ernest Farrow advertises for an art tutor for their two daughters, and Godwin successfully applies for the position.
They move into Farrow's mansion, Fourwinds, with adequate time to pursue their own art. Godwin becomes infatuated with Farrow's youngest daughter, Marianne, but questions remain unanswered. Marianne wanders the grounds at night, while their sister, Juliana, is always quiet and sad. Godwin discovers the previous art tutor, a talented sculptor, was sent away from Fourwinds before they finished their masterpiece.
Major themes
Although written as a children's book and nominated in awards categories for eight- to fourteen-year-olds, critics have said that it should not be read by under fourteen-year-olds due to the themes of incest in the book. The author, Linda Newbery, considers the book to be young adult fiction rather than specifically for children.
The novel is set in 19th-century England, influenced by Wilkie Collins and Charlotte Brontë, with hints of Victorian gothic. The book alternates between the point of view of two different characters, in alternating chapters.
Reception
Norah Piehl reviewed the book for TeenReads.com. They described the plot as "sensational" which "will keep readers wide awake and shivering late into the night". Two children who read the book on behalf of the BBC One's Newsround Press Pack whilst on the Costa Book Awards panel did not like the book compared to others on the shortlist. One did not think it was their type of book, while the other preferred a different shortlisted book, The Diamond of Drury Lane.
Awards and nominations
Set in Stone won the 2006 Costa Book Awards prize for Best Children's Book. The other shortlisted books were David Almond's Clay, Julia Golding's The Diamond of Drury Lane and Meg Rosoff's Just in Case. Following that win, the book was placed on the shortlist for Book of the Year, but that ultimately went to Stef Penney's The Tenderness of Wolves which had qualified for the list by winning the First Novel award. The novel was also nominated for the 2007 Carnegie Medal.
References
External links
Linda Newbery official website
British children's novels
2006 British novels
2006 children's books
Novels about artists
David Fickling Books books
Microspermae is an order of flowering plants. It is a descriptive botanical name referring to the size of the seed; it was used for the order containing the orchids.
In taxonomical systems this name has now mostly dropped out of use, being displaced by the name Orchidales (formed from the family name Orchidaceae). The name Microspermae was used in the Bentham & Hooker and the Engler systems. The Wettstein system also used a descriptive name, but preferred Gynandrae.
Microspermae in the Bentham & Hooker system
order Microspermae
family Hydrocharideae
family Burmanniaceae
family Orchideae
Microspermae in the Engler system
order Microspermae
family Orchidaceae
Historically recognized angiosperm orders
Spliced (also known as The Wisher) is a 2002 Canadian supernatural slasher film directed by Gavin Wilding and starring Ron Silver, Liane Balaban and Drew Lachey. The film was released on December 1, 2002, in Canada.
Plot
A teenage girl who loves horror movies watches them all the time, yet is never frightened. Despite never being frightened, they begin to sleepwalk out of their house, resulting in their parents getting angry. They forbid them to watch any more horror movies in an attempt to prevent them sleepwalking, however there's a new movie called "The Wisher" out which is a huge hit with all their friends. Them father tells them she's not allowed to see it, but they sneak out anyway. Before they leaf, they say "I wish they would just go away" and goes and sees the movie. Surprisingly, a scene in the movie is too much for them and they leaf. Them dad goes after them but then dies unexpectedly in a car accident. They then notices one of the characters in the movie following them around and whenever they make a wish for something bad the wisher grants it.
Cast
External links
2002 films
2002 horror films
Canadian supernatural horror films
English-language Canadian films
Films about wish fulfillment
Canadian slasher films
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Meade County (standard abbreviation: ME) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 4,055. The largest city and county seat is Meade. The county was created in 1873 and named in honor of General George G. Meade.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Gray County (north)
Ford County (northeast)
Clark County (east)
Beaver County, Oklahoma (south)
Seward County (west)
Haskell County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,631 people, 1,728 households, and 1,252 families residing in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 1,968 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 91.10% White, 0.39% Black or African American, 0.54% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 6.24% from other races, and 1.51% from two or more races. 10.90% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,728 households, out of which 36.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.70% were married couples living together, 4.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.50% were non-families. 25.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.16.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 29.50% under the age of 18, 6.90% from 18 to 24, 26.50% from 25 to 44, 19.20% from 45 to 64, and 17.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 98.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,761, and the median income for a family was $41,550. Males had a median income of $29,295 versus $20,153 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,824. About 6.70% of families and 9.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.90% of those under age 18 and 5.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Meade County is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time a democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Presidential elections
Laws
The Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters, either with or without a minimum of 30% of sales coming from food. Meade County is one of 67 counties in the state that allows for the sale of liquor by the drink with the minimum food sales stipulation.
Education
Unified school districts
Fowler USD 225
Meade USD 226
Communities
Cities
Fowler
Meade (county seat)
Plains
Unincorporated community
Missler
Townships
Meade County is divided into nine townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Meade County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
A History of Meade County, Kansas; Frank Sullivan; 184 pages; 1916.
Plat Book of Meade County, Kansas; R. P. Ice Co; 43 pages; 1909.
External links
County
Meade County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Meade County History
Maps
Meade County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1873 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1873
William of Saint-Cloud is a French astronomer in the late thirteenth century.
 They are known for their Almanac prepared around 1292, dedicated to Marie of Brabant, and translated for Joan of Navarre. This almanac, one of the rare witness of astronomical observations at the end of the High Middle Ages, contains ephemeris of the sun, moon and planets and advocates also the use of the camera obscura to observe solar eclipses.
References
Biography
William of Saint-Cloud Almanac Planetarum, Cahiers de l'Institut du Moyen-Âge grec et Latin, N° 83 2014
13th-century births
14th-century deaths
Medieval French astronomers
13th-century astronomers
Decatur County () is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,645. The county seat is Leon. This county is named for Stephen Decatur Jr., a hero in the War of 1812.
History
Decatur County was organized in 1850 and named for Stephen Decatur, a naval hero of the War of 1812.
The current courthouse was dedicated in 1908.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 35
U.S. Highway 69
Iowa Highway 2
Adjacent counties
Clarke County (north)
Wayne County (east)
Mercer County, Missouri (southeast)
Harrison County, Missouri (southwest)
Ringgold County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 7,645 in the county, with a population density of . 96.44% of the population reported being of one race. There were 3,653 housing units of which 2,986 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 8,457 in the county, with a population density of . There were 3,834 housing units, of which 3,223 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census, there were 8,689 people, 3,337 households and 2,149 families residing in the county. The population density was 16 per square mile (6/km2). There were 3,833 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.46% White, 0.98% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.63% Asian, 0.12% Pacific Islander, 0.46% from other races, and 1.12% from two or more races. 1.70% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,337 households, of which 28.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.30% were married couples living together, 7.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.60% were non-families. 30.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.96.
23.00% of the population were under the age of 18, 16.30% from 18 to 24, 21.60% from 25 to 44, 21.50% from 45 to 64, and 17.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 95.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.90 males.
The median household income was $27,343 and the median family income was $34,831. Males had a median income of $25,569 compared with $19,309 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,209. About 10.90% of families and 15.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.60% of those under age 18 and 13.70% of those age 65 or over.
Decatur County is considered to be the poorest in Iowa, reporting that almost 20% of its residents live in poverty.
County officials
Supervisors
Bob Bell
Dan Christiansen
Ward Graham
Treasurer
Janet Pierson
Attorney
Lisa Hynden-Jeanes
Auditor
Charlene Hoover
Recorder
Gale Norman
Sheriff
Ben Boswell
Assessor
Justin Cornett
Engineer
Vacant
Clerk of Court
Traci Tharp
Public Health Administrator
Shelley Bickel
Veterans Affairs Administrator
Samantha Schaff
Conservation Director
Rich Erke
Mental Health Director
Kathy Lerma
Communities
Cities
Davis City
Decatur City
Garden Grove
Grand River
Lamoni
Leon
Le Roy
Pleasanton
Van Wert
Weldon
Townships
Decatur County is divided into these townships:
Bloomington
Burrell
Center
Decatur
Eden
Fayette
Franklin
Garden Grove
Grand River
Hamilton
High Point
Long Creek
Morgan
New Buda
Richland
Woodland
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Decatur County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
Decatur County Courthouse (Iowa)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Decatur County, Iowa
References
External links
1846 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1846
Tsai Tsan-te (; born 3 May 1975) is a Taiwanese actor, also known by the names Vega Tsai and Chamder Tsai.
Tsai has performed on film, stage, and television. They were a finalist for the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1998, for their appearance in Bad Girl Trilogy. They received the Best Actress Award at the Taipei Film Festival that same year. Tsai hosted the 2012 Taipei Film Awards ceremony alongside Sam Tseng. They were part of the original cast of Forever Dialogue, which premiered at the 2013 Kaohsiung Spring Arts Festival.
Selected filmography
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (1984)
Daughter of the Nile (1987)
The Cabbie (2000)
State of Divinity (2000)
Angel Lover (2006)
Dangerous Mind (2006)
All Because of Love (2017)
References
1975 births
Living people
21st-century Taiwanese actores
20th-century Taiwanese actores
Taiwanese film actores
Taiwanese stage actores
Taiwanese television actores
Skumalasph Indian Reserve No. 16 is an Indian reserve of the Sto:lo people in the area of the City of Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada. Located six miles northwest of downtown Chilliwack and 468.40 ha. in area, it is jointly administered by five band governments, which are:
Aitchelitz First Nation
Kwaw-kwaw-Apilt First Nation
Skway First Nation
Skwah First Nation
Squiala First Nation
See also
List of Indian Reserves in Canada
References
Indian reserves in the Lower Mainland
Chilliwack
Sto:lo
FC TVD Slavičín is a Czech football club located in Slavičín, Czech Republic. It currently plays in Divize E, which is in the Czech Fourth Division.
The team gained notoriety following a penalty shootout win against Czech First League team Baník Ostrava in the second round of the 2010–11 Czech Cup. At the time, the team was playing in the third-level Moravian–Silesian Football League. A few seasons before, in the third round of the 2004–05 Czech Cup, Slavičín, at the time playing in the Czech Fourth Division beat top flight side Brno, also on penalties.
References
External links
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Zlín District
The 1926 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1926. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land.
Systems
Tropical Storm One
A tropical storm existed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec on June 13. The lowest reported pressure was .
Hurricane Two
Well south of Mexico, a tropical cyclone formed on July 5. It moved northwestward, and was last observed on July 9 while located south of the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula. It was a hurricane, and the lowest reported pressure was .
Tropical Cyclone Three
Far from land, a tropical cyclone was reported on July 21. It had gale-force winds and a minimum reported pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Four
On August 8, a tropical cyclone began forming. It was definitely extant on August 11, and was last seen on August 15. It caused gales and had the lowest reported pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Five
Another tropical cyclone was observed from August 22 to 23. It had the lowest reported pressure of and also caused gales.
Tropical Cyclone Six
A tropical cyclone existed from September 14 to 16, during which time it moved along the coast. The lowest reported pressure was . It caused heavy rain.
Tropical Cyclone Seven
A tropical cyclone moved along the coast from Manzanillo, to Mazatlán, to the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula, from September 24 to 26. It had gale-force winds, the lowest reported pressure of , and caused heavy rainfall.
Tropical Storm Eight
A tropical cyclone formed south of Acapulco on October 2. The next day, it was a tropical storm. It pretty much hung around in the same area, and dissipated near the western Gulf of Tehuantepec on October 11. The lowest reported pressure was .
See also
1926 Atlantic hurricane season
1926 Pacific typhoon season
1920s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1920s Pacific hurricane seasons
Pacific hurricane seasons
Three ships of the Imperial German Navy and one of the Austro-Hungarian Navy have been named SMS Möwe:
, a German gunboat launched in 1879
, a German survey vessel launched in 1906
, an Austro-Hungarian launched in 1907
, a German commerce raider during World War I, launched as Pungo in 1914
German Navy ship names
The 1999 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were held on January 26–31, 1999 in Ottawa, Ontario. They were the figure skating national championship which determines the national champions of Canada. The event was organized by Skate Canada, the nation's figure skating governing body. Skaters competed at the senior, junior, and novice levels in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. The results of this competition were used to pick the Canadian teams to the 1999 World Championships and the 1999 Four Continents Championships.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Novice results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
1999 Bank of Montreal Canadian Championships
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Figure skating
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Sports competitions in Ottawa
1999 in Ontario
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
1990s in Ottawa
Richard Bowker may refer to:
Richard Bowker (Australian business person) (1815–1903), Australian physician, surgeon and politician
Richard Bowker (British business person) (born 1966), former chief executive of National Express Group and former chairperson and chief executive of the Strategic Rail Authority
Richard Rogers Bowker (1848–1933), American journalist and founder of the R.R. Bowker Company
Richard Bowker (writer) (born 1950), American writer of crime and science fiction
Smoke On Records is an independent record label from Germany which mainly publishes hip-hop music. The label specializes mostly in re-releasing 1990s records as well as new albums. Smoke On Records has released such artists as Nine, Killah Priest, Das EFX, Blahzay Blahzay, Artifacts and more.
Discography
Albums
References
External links
Official Website
On Facebook
SoundCloud
Smoke On Records discogs
Hip hop record labels
German record labels
Record labels established in 2009
A Bruce foil is a variant of the leeboard, consisting of a foil typically mounted on an outrigger and always set at an angle to provide both lateral and vertical force. It was invented by Edmond Bruce in the early 1960s, and first published in the Amateur Yacht Research Society publication in April 1965.
Theory
Nearly all methods that increase resistance to sideways movement also cause heeling, the leaning produced by the imbalance of the forces on the sails, high above the waterline, and the sideways resistance, generated by the centerboard or other foil below the waterline. The resulting torque causes the hull to heel until the buoyancy of the hull provides sufficient torque to balance the heeling force. The limited buoyancy of the hull therefore limits the amount of force that the sail can effectively produce.
One solution to dealing with this limit is to bring the forces generated by the sail and the underwater foil into alignment, canceling as much of the torque as possible and thus reducing the amount of heeling. Two approaches to this have surfaced one being the inclined rig, and the other the Bruce foil.
Implementation
A Bruce foil reduces torque by moving the foil far out from the centerline of the hull, and angling it so that a perpendicular line through the center of the underwater portion of the foil will intersect the center of pressure of the sails. Like a traditional centerboard, the Bruce foil is generally a symmetric design, such as the NACA 00xx series, which relies on the leeward slip of the hull to provide the angle of attack needed to generate lift. When mounted on the lee side, the Bruce foil generates an upwards lift in addition to lateral force, and when mounted on the windward side, it generates a downwards force.
Bruce foils can be mounted in pairs, one on each side, as used in some trimaran designs. In this case, the leeward foil works in conjunction with the leeward ama to provide lift, and the windward foil can be retracted to reduce drag.
At equilibrium, the force from the foil and the sail will always be balanced, so capsize should be impossible, but in practice that is not the case. Since the foil's force is relative to the hull's movement through the water, and the sail's force is relative to the wind moving past the sail, sudden changes in wind speed or direction can unbalance the foil and cause heeling. In addition, a foil on the windward side presents an unstable situation, since any lifting of the foil out of the water, by mechanisms such as heeling or wave action, will result in reduced downwards force, potentially leading to capsize. A lee foil provides more stability, as loss of lift will force the foil back into the water.
Advantages and disadvantages
The main advantages over a typical centerboard or leeboard are that the Bruce foil allows the sails to remain nearly upright and keep the full force of the wind available to drive movement without the crew needing to move their weight. The main disadvantage is that the sails remain upright and keep the full force of the wind available, rather than depowering with increasing angle of heel as happens with traditional foils. The Bruce foil also produces increased drag as a result of the vertical component of force, as well as a yawing force due to the off-center placement of the foil, which may require alteration of the steering system to compensate.
References
A Primer on Proas at The Proa File discusses Bruce foils
Sailing rigs and rigging
Iwo Odrowąż (died 21 August 1229) was a medieval Polish humanist, statesman, and bishop.
Life
Iwo was very probably born in Końskie, son of Szaweł Odrowąż and a member of the noble family of Odrowąż. They studied in Bologna and Paris, maintained contacts with a number of Western European intellectuals, and developed for themselves a reputation as a "splendid representative of medieval Latin culture", though no writings of their survive.
They later served as chancellor to Leszek I the White from 1206 to 1218, and as Bishop of Kraków from 1218 to 1229. Although designated by Pope Honorius III in 1219 as archbishop of Gniezno, they refused to accept the appointment.
While chancellor they encouraged the reforms of Pope Innocent III. In 1215, they took part in the Fourth Lateran Council together with Archbishop Henryk Kietlicz. After the death of Leszek they supported Henry I the Bearded against Konrad I of Masovia.
In the years 1220–1224 while they were Bishop of Kraków, they built a church dedicated to Saint Nicholas in the village of Końskie and established a parish there. In 1229 they funded a church in Daleszyce.
In 1223, thanks to their endeavours, the Dominican Order sent friars from Bologna to Kraków, the first Dominican presence in Poland, with the first Polish Dominican friar Jacek Odrowąż, their kinsman, who in the year 1594 was canonised. In 1220 Iwo brought the Order of the Holy Ghost (Ordo Fratrum Canonicorum Regularium Sancti Spiritus de Saxia) to Prądnik Biały, where they entrusted them with the care of the hospital.
Iwo is thought to be the probable founder of the church in Wysocice at the beginning of the 13th century. In 1222 in Kacice near Słomniki they established a Cistercian monastery, which later moved to Mogiła near Kraków and became known as Mogiła Abbey. They developed campaigns for settlement on the estates of the bishops of Kraków. They provided endowments for the Cistercian monasteries of Sulejów and Wąchock as well as the Premonstratensian monasteries in Hebdów and Imbramowice, an ancestral foundation of the Odrowąż family, where the bishop's sister was abbess. They also founded two churches in Kraków: the Church of the Holy Spirit and the Church of the Holy Cross.
They died near Modena, Italy, while on a visit. Their remains, through the agency of Wincenty of Kielcza, a family connection, were buried in the Dominican church in Kraków (now the Basilica of the Holy Trinity, Kraków).
Iwo was the owner of the oldest known Polish private library (containing 32 codices purchased abroad), which they left in their will to Wawel Cathedral.
Bibliography
Kościół SS. Norbertanek w Imbramowicach pod wezwaniem św. Apostołów Piotra i Pawła. Wydane przez SS. Norbertanki.
References
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Poland
Bishops of Kraków
Iwo
People from Końskie County
12th-century births
1229 deaths
UpToDate, Inc. is a company in the Wolters Kluwer Health division of Wolters Kluwer whose main product is UpToDate, a software system that is a point-of-care medical resource.
The UpToDate system is an evidence-based clinical resource. It includes a collection of medical and patient information, access to Lexi-comp drug monographs and drug-to-drug interactions, and a number of medical calculators. UpToDate is written by over 7,100 physician authors, editors, and peer reviewers. It is available both via the Internet and offline on personal computers or mobile devices. It requires a subscription for full access.
The company was launched in 1992 by Dr. Burton Rose along with Dr. Joseph Rush out of Rose's home. They started with nephrology and have since added over twenty other specialties, with more in development.
Controversies
UpToDate's articles are anonymously peer-reviewed and it mandates the disclosure of conflicts of interest by the authors of its articles. In 2014, an article was published in the Journal of Medical Ethics which scrutinised six articles on UpToDate and DynaMed focusing on conditions where the best means of management is contested, or which are treated mostly by branded drugs. The authors found that all six articles examined from UpToDate contained numerous potential conflicts of interest, with contributors having worked as consultants for or received research grants or speaking fees from manufacturers of drugs mentioned in the relevant UpToDate entry.
Access
Full access to the service requires a subscription, which costs US$559 a year as of 2021 for a physician in the United States (lower cost for longer term subscription). Through the Norwegian Electronic Health Library, people in Norway have free access to BMJ Best Practice, UpToDate and drug database Micromedex. UpToDate was made available for free in New Zealand after the 2011 Christchurch earthquake, in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake and in Nepal after the April 2015 earthquake. The Global Health Delivery Project at Harvard University administers access to UpToDate for those who offer medical care to poor or underserved populations outside the United States.
Better Evidence by Ariadne labs provides health professionals from less developed countries full access for free.
See also
BMJ Best Practice
Dynamed
eMedicine
References
External links
UpToDate website
Medical websites
Medical and health organisations based in the Netherlands
Health information technology companies
Lati Kola (, also Romanized as Latī Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2019 census, its population was 370, in 90 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
A statue of Luis Pérez Verdía is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Callimachus () may refer to:
People
Callimachus (polemarch), one of the commanders of the Athenian army at the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC
Callimachus (sculptor) (5th century BC)
Callimachus, 3rd century BC poet and scholar
, Ptolemaic official of the 1st century BC
Filippo Buonaccorsi (1437–1496), called "Callimachus," Italian humanist
Literature
Callimachus (play), a 10th-century play by Hrotsvitha
See also
Callimachi family
The following companies are either headquartered or have significant bases in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Sheffield-based
For former companies, see navigation box at the bottom of page.
A.L. Simpkin & Co. Ltd - confectionery producer
Ancon Building Products - specialist stainless steel brickwork supports
Arnold Laver - UK HQ - timber importer and merchants
Arthur Price & Co. - cutlery manufacturers
ARUP - engineering consultancy
B. Braun - UK HQ, medical appliances and surgical instruments manufacturer
Border and Immigration Agency - an executive agency of the Home Office
Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire
DavyMarkham Ltd - HQ - construction engineering
Department for Work and Pensions - civil service
Digital Solutions Global Ltd - IT and Project Management services delivery
Fluent, Inc. European HQ - computer simulation of fluid dynamics (CFD)
Forgemasters - HQ for Sheffield Forgemasters International Ltd.
Gripple - producers of fencing materials
Henry Boot PLC - FTSE-listed construction company
Insight Enterprises - computer hardware suppliers
Irwin Mitchell - HQ of top 50 law firm
John Wilson - manufacturer of ice skating blades
Kelham island brewery - micro brewery
Land Instruments International - manufacturer of industrial infrared temperature measurement devices and gas analysers
NAVCA - National Association for Voluntary and Community Action, the national body for Third Sector local infrastructure organisations in England
OCLC (UK) Ltd. - library automation systems
Outokumpu (Avesta Polarit) - UK HQ, stainless steel distributor
Parexel - clinical trials contracts, statistical analysis
Planet X Bikes - professional bike retailer and manufacturer
Richlyn Systems - software and website developers
SDL International - translation software
SIG plc - HQ, European supplier of insulation, roofing and commercial interiors
Spear & Jackson International Ltd -HQ - hand tool manufacturers
Sumo Digital - games (formerly Infogrames and Gremlin)
Swann Morton - manufacturer of surgical scalpels
The Boeing Company - aerospace manufacturer
Twinkl - online educational publishing house
Ufi Ltd - EGovernment Online training organisation
WANdisco - software producers
Warp Records - independent record label, who also set up:
Bleep.com - an online record-store
Warp Films - their film division
William Stones Ltd - now defunct brewers
Major presence in Sheffield
ARM Holdings
Aviva (formerly Norwich Union - call centre)
BT Group - call centre and local network administration; Plusnet subsidiary HQ
Cap Gemini - data (Rotherham)
Capita - public sector outsourcing
DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary - international law firm (branch office)
DXC Technology - IT consulting
George Wimpey - area office, national house builder
HSBC - bank's national IT centre, and underground data centre at Tankersley
IBM - IT consulting
McLaren Automotive - British automotive manufacturer (Corporate Office and Composites Technology Centre located on Seldon Way, Catcliffe, Sheffield S60 5XA)
Mondelēz International - liquorice allsorts, Jelly Babies, wine gums etc factory
Nabarro LLP - law firm
Nationwide Building Society - building society call centre
NXP Semiconductors - chip design
Primetals Technologies - mining technology
Tata Steel Europe - steelmaker (bought Corus Group)
Tesco - regional distribution centre (Clowne)
Virgin Media - formerly Telewest Broadband, flagship call centre
See also
Economy of Sheffield
References
Economy of Sheffield
Economy of South Yorkshire
Sheffield
Companies in Sheffield
Bible Hill is an unincorporated community in Decatur County, Tennessee, United States. Bible Hill is located north of Parsons.
References
Unincorporated communities in Decatur County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Antón García Caro (1560-c.1624) was a Spanish jurist and politician, who performed legal functions during the Viceroyalty of Peru, serving as escribano and procurador of Buenos Aires.
Biography
They were born in Carmona, Seville, Spain, son of a Spanish family of Basque ancestors. They were married to María Gómez de Sanabria, daughter of Captain Juan Gómes de Sanabria and María de Sotomayor y Ruiz de Orellana, a noble woman possibly linked to the House of Méndez de Sotomayor.
Antón García Caro arrived at the Río de la Plata from Cádiz in the expedition Alonso de Vera y Aragón. They belonged to the second contingent of settlers that was established in the city of Buenos Aires after the second foundation. In 1588, Juan Torre de Vera y Aragón granted them lands located in the vicinity of Luján river.
References
External links
Acuerdos del extinguido Cabildo de Buenos Aires - archive.org
1560 births
1624 deaths
Spanish colonial governors and administrators
People from Buenos Aires
Explorers of South America
Spanish conquistadors
Spanish notaries
Spanish people of Basque descent
Qadi Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Qādī Maḩalleh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 698, in 193 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Pascal Pellowski (born 18 December 1988) is a German footballer who most recently played for Astoria Walldorf.
Career
Statistics
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
German footballers
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
SV Darmstadt 98 players
VfL Bochum players
VfL Bochum II players
SV Elversberg players
1. FC Saarbrücken players
FC Astoria Walldorf players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Darmstadt
Lonchocarpus pluvialis, commonly known as cuquí in the eastern Bolivian departments of Santa Cruz and the Beni to which it is endemic, is a species of lancepod that typically grows to a height of 10 to 15 meters and is known for attracting large swarms of honeybees. Bolivians commonly distinguish between two varieties of the plant: one with yellow flowers and one with white. The flexible bark of L. pluvialis has traditionally been used to make small, flimsy boxes that serve as containers for cut tobacco, candies, or sewing supplies.
References
pluvialis
Flora of Bolivia
Simon Christopher Lessing, MBE, (born 12 February 1971) is a British triathlete who won five International Triathlon Union (ITU) world titles (1992, 1995(2), 1996 and 1998). They also won races at 70.3 (Half Ironman), ITU long distance and Ironman-distance events. They set an Olympic-distance world record in 1996, and is noted for their 2004 Ironman Lake Placid win, where they set a course record of 8:23:12. In 2008 they retired from professional racing. Simon resides in Boulder, Colorado, United States, where they operate Boulder Coaching with Darren de Reuck.
Athletic career
Early years
Born in Cape Town, Western Cape South Africa, Lessing completed school at Kloof High School in Durban. Table Mountain was the backdrop to their formative years. Their father and mother (who was a swim coach) supported him. By the end of their fifth year at school, they had won honours in swimming, sailing and biathlon and was known as a cross-country runner. When Lessing was 9, their family moved to Durban, a port city set on the East Coast.
Growing up, surfing and rugby were two of the major sports in Durban, but Lessing resisted the pressure to make the change to these activities. They trained an average of 3 hours a day in their areas of interest: sailing, swimming, track, cross-country and duathlon. They developed an interest in hiking and hiked in the Drakensberg Mountain range. Their swim coach, David McCarney, encouraged Lessing to try a family oriented race they organised at Kloof High School. In 1988, Lessing was the South African triathlon champion. They were selected to represent South Africa in a biathlon but suffered a broken leg in an accident during a local triathlon.
Lessing moved to Britain at age 18 and continued their international sporting career in Europe. They were entitled to dual citizenship because their mother was born in England.
Professional racing
During the 1990s they and rival Spencer Smith, were among some of the most successful athletes in Olympic distance triathlon. Lessing won the ITU Olympic Distance Triathlon World Championship in 1992, 1995, 1996, and 1998. In 1996, Lessing broke the Olympic distance triathlon world record with a time of 1 hour, 39 minutes, 50 seconds in 1996 at the ITU Triathlon World Championships in Cleveland.
Lessing competed in the Escape from Alcatraz Triathlon held annually in San Francisco Bay. They have won the men's elite division there three times: 1996, 2003 and 2004. Lessing competed at the first Olympic games triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took ninth place with a total time of 1:49:24.32.
Simon was Inducted into the International Triathlon Union Hall of Fame in 2014 and Inducted into the Boulder Sports Hall of Fame in 2012.
Long course racing
Lessing's first attempt at long course triathlon took place in 1993 on the Nice triathlon course, in the Côte d'Azur. In the race they stayed with 9-time defending champion Mark Allen until within 5 kilometres of the finish. They went on to win the Nice race in 1995.
Lessing has won numerous Ironman 70.3 races, including the inaugural Ironman 70.3 Florida in 2004, and again in 2005. In 2005, they set a then course record at the Wildflower triathlon. The next year they took first place at the Ironman 70.3 Vineman. In August 2007 Lessing won the Ironman Timberman 70.3.
Ironman
In July 2004, Lessing qualified for the 2004 Ironman World Championships with a win and course record of 8:23:12 at Ironman Lake Placid. In their first appearance at the Ironman World Championships (2004) they dropped out halfway into the bike leg, due to the high winds and problems with theirs back.
Lessing did not complete the marathon at the 2005 Ironman Coeur d'Alene and failed to qualify there for Ironman World Championship. They raced again the same summer and qualified for the World Championships by taking 4th place at Ironman Canada in Penticton in a time of 8:43:13. They did not complete the marathon at the 2005 World Championships.
References
External links
Official website
1971 births
Living people
British male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Great Britain
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathlon coaches
Sportspeople from Cape Town
South African emigrants to the United Kingdom
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Triathletes at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Goodwill Games medalists in triathlon
Competitors at the 1994 Goodwill Games
Competitors at the 1998 Goodwill Games
CB&I is a large engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) company with its administrative headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas. CB&I specializes in projects for oil and gas companies. CB&I employs more than 32,000 people worldwide. In May 2018 the company merged into McDermott International. McDermott struggled to integrate its acquisition of Chicago Bridge & Iron Co. On January 21, 2020, McDermott announced that it had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy due to asbestos Litigation. A $22.5 million trust fund was made to handle asbestos claims.
History
CB&I was founded in 1889 by Horace E. Horton in Chicago, Illinois, USA. While initially involved in bridge design and construction, CB&I turned its focus to bulk liquid storage in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, coinciding with the western expansion of railroads across the United States and the discovery of oil in the Southwest. CB&I quickly became known for design engineering and field construction of elevated water storage tanks, above-ground tanks for storage of petroleum and refined products, refinery process vessels and other steel plate structures. As such, CB&I supported the expansion of oil exploration outside the US, starting operations in South America in 1924, in Asia two years later and in the Middle East in 1939.
According to one of the founder's heirs, "The old joke is that Chicago Bridge & Iron isn't in Chicago, doesn't build bridges and doesn't use iron."
During World War II, CB&I was selected to build Landing Ship Tanks (LSTs), which carried troops and supplies to American and Allied troops fighting in Europe and the Pacific theater. CB&I was chosen because of their reputation and skills, particularly welding. Since the coastal shipyards were busy building large vessels for the war effort, such as aircraft carriers, battleships, cruisers and destroyers, there was no alternative but to use the inland waterways and shipyards for the production of smaller ships. As a result of these and other wartime production activities, CB&I ranked 92nd among US corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.
CB&I was acquired by Praxair in 1996; Praxair kept a chemical subsidiary and spun off CB&I as a Dutch-incorporated company the next year. CB&I headquarters moved from Chicago to Houston, Texas in 2001 and then to the Hague, Netherlands when Texas enacted a franchise tax.
2000-present
In 2003 it bought John Brown Hydrocarbons, renaming it at first CB&I John Brown, and later CB&I UK Limited.
The firm acquired Lummus Global from ABB on November 19, 2007, adding approximately 3,000 employees. In 2012, CB&I Technology (formerly Lummus) was awarded a contract by Indian petrochemicals major, Reliance Industries, to provide paraxylene (P-Xylene) (PX) technology for an aromatics complex in India. The complex was started up in April 2017, making Reliance the world's second largest producer of paraxylene.
In 2012, CB&I agreed to buy The Shaw Group for about US$3 billion, completing the acquisition in February 2013. The subsidiary that was formed as a result, CB&I Stone Webster—a result of The Shaw Group's earlier acquisition of Stone & Webster during its bankruptcy—was again sold, in January 2016, to Westinghouse Electric Co., for US$229M.
For 2017, revenue for CBI was $6.7 billion, down from the year before.
In May 2018 the company was acquired by McDermott International for US$6 billion. After being acquired by McDermott, CB&I's stock ceased being listed on the NYSE on May 11, 2018. Gary P. Luquette was the chairperson of the combined company. McDermott struggled to integrate its acquisition of Chicago Bridge & Iron Co, and in January 2020 was facing bankruptcy. On January 21, 2020, McDermott announced that it had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Operations
In July 2017, CB&I's global business groups were:
Technology: licensed process technologies, catalysts, specialized equipment and engineered products for use in petrochemical facilities, oil refineries and gas processing plants;
Engineering & Construction: engineering, procurement, fabrication and construction of major energy infrastructure facilities;
Fabrication Services: fabrication capabilities for piping, structural steel, module prefabrication and assembly, as well as storage tanks and vessels for the oil and gas, water and wastewater, mining and power generation industries
Corporate headquarters were located in The Hague, Netherlands. The administrative headquarters were located in The Woodlands, Texas. In 2018 McDermott announced that it would sell the headquarters facility in The Woodlands to Howard Hughes Corporation.
Major projects
Historic structures
The company built bridges and other works of historic importance, including some listed on the US National Register of Historic Places. These works include (with varying attribution):
Boiling Nuclear Superheater (BONUS) Reactor Facility, Punta Higuero Sector, PR 413, Rincon, Puerto Rico (Chicago Bridge Co. Nuclear Engineering), NRHP-listed
Bunnell Water Tower, 100 Utility Street, Bunnell, FL 32110, Bunnell, Florida (Chicago Bridge & Iron Co.), NRHP-listed
One or more works in the Caplinger Mills Historic District, junction of Washington Ave. and the Sac River, Caplinger Mills, Missouri (Chicago Bridge Co.), NRHP-listed
Embarras River Bridge, Wade Township Rd. 164 over Embarras River, Newton, Illinois (Chicago Bridge Co.), NRHP-listed
Evansville Standpipe, 288 N. 4th St., Evansville, Wisconsin (Chicago Bridge & Iron Co.), NRHP-listed
Hartford Water Tower, Pine & 1st. Sts., Hartford, Arkansas (Chicago Bridge & Iron Co.), NRHP-listed
Hughes Water Tower, Church St., Hughes, Arkansas (Chicago Bridge & Iron Works Co.), NRHP-listed
Lake Ditch Bridge, junction of Lake Ditch and Lake Ditch Rd., Monrovia, Indiana (Chicago Bridge and Iron Co.), NRHP-listed
Mahned Bridge, Mahned Rd. over the Leaf River, New Augusta, Mississippi (Chicago Bridge and Iron Company), NRHP-listed
Manning Water Tower, 620 3rd St., Manning, Iowa (Chicago Bridge and Iron Co.), NRHP-listed
McCrory Waterworks, junction of N. Fakes and W. Third, McCrory, Arkansas (Chicago Bridge & Iron Works), NRHP-listed
Mill Race Bridge, Pheasant Rd. over Turkey River, West Union, Iowa (Chicago Bridge and Iron Co.), NRHP-listed
Monette Water Tower, SW. corner junction of AR 139 & Texie Ave., Monette, Arkansas (Chicago Bridge & Iron), NRHP-listed
Otranto Bridge, 480th Ave. over Big Cedar River, St. Ansgar, Iowa (Chicago Bridge and Iron Company), NRHP-listed
Tyronza Water Tower, NW of junction of Main St. and Oliver St., Tyronza, Arkansas (Chicago Bridge & Iron Works), NRHP-listed
Water Street/Darden Road Bridge, Over St. Joseph River at Darden Rd., South Bend, Indiana (Chicago Bridge & Iron Co.), NRHP-listed
West Water Tower and Ground Storage Tank, 310 11th Ave., Orion, Illinois (Chicago Bridge & Iron), NRHP-listed
World War II
There was a great demand for ships and U.S. Navy vessels during World War II. For the war Chicago Bridge built in its Eureka, California shipyard Medium Auxiliary Floating Dry Docks ( or AFDM). These could repair ships in remote locations and could be moved to more needed actions during the war. Chicago Bridge also had shipyards in: Seneca, Illinois, Newburgh, New York and Morgan City, Louisiana.
AFDB-5 (A-G), scrapped in 1997
USS Los Alamos (AFDB-7) (A-G), sold to private shipyard in 1995
USS Richland (AFDM-8), later called YFD 64, scrapped in 2016
USS AFDM-9, also called YFD 65, sold to private use in 1989
USS Resolute (AFDM-10), also called YFD 67, destroyed in 1947
USS AFDM-11, also called YFD 68, sold to private use in 2004
Six floating crane barges
USS AFDM-1 YFD 3, was floated through the Panama Canal on its side, and scrapped in 1986
USS AFDM-3 through the Panama Canal on its side, YFD 6, sold to private use
USS AFDM-4 YFD 10 sold to private use in 1948
USS Endeavor AFD-1 – AFDL-1
USS AFD-2
USS AFD-3 – AFDL-3
USS AFD-4 – AFDL-4
USS AFD-5 – AFDL-5
USS Dynamic (AFD-6) – AFDL-6
USS Ability (AFD-7)
USS AFD-8 – AFDL-8
USS AFD-9 – AFDL-9
USS AFD-10 – AFDL-10
USS AFD-11 – AFDL-11
LST
Built: LST-197 to LST-136; LST-511 to LST-522; LST-600 to LST-652; LST-777 to LST-774; and LST-1115 to LST-1152. Examples: , USS LST-230, USS LST-231 / , , , , USS Burnett County, , , USS Cape May County, , , , , USS LST-1115 / , and USS LST-1116 / .
Barges: YFN-611, YFN-612, and YFN-613
Floating derrick cranes: YD-120 and YD-121
Tank barge: DPC-408 to DPC-419, to transport liquids.
Other projects
Other major projects include:
LNG liquefaction plant in Pampa Melchorita, Peru;
Natural gas processing and treating complex in Cabinda Province, Angola;
Crude vacuum and decoking unit expansion project for a refinery in Kansas, US;
Golden Pass LNG import terminal near Sabine Pass, Texas, US;
Large tankage facility at Shell Pearl GTL, Qatar;
Hydrotreating and sulfur removal/recovery facilities for several major US refiners;
A $775 million LNG re-gasification terminal at Quintero Bay, Chile;
Cat gas hydrotreater (CGHT) in El Paso, Texas, US;
Hydrogen generation plant in Benicia, California, US;
Propane dehydrogenation unit in Houston, Texas, US;
Multiple Middle East storage facilities; and
Oil sands storage tanks in Alberta, Canada.
150 wind turbine towers for wind farms in the western United States (2004).
Petrochemicals expansion project in Geismar, Louisiana, including the license and basic engineering for ethylene technology (2012).
Controversy
CB&I was revealed as a subscriber to the UK's Consulting Association, exposed in 2009 for operating an illegal construction industry blacklist; CB&I was one of 14 companies issued with enforcement notices by the UK Information Commissioner's Office. A CB&I employee consulted the blacklist more than 900 times in 2007 alone, a 2010 employment tribunal was told.
Chicago Bridge & Iron Beaumont
Chicago Bridge & Iron Beaumont was a yard owned by Chicago Bridge & Iron Company from 1982 to 2017 in Beaumont, Texas. Chicago Bridge & Iron Company Beaumont closed the Beaumont work yard, called Beaumont Island Park Fabrication Services, in 2017 after the site was flooded due to Hurricane Harvey in September 2017. In 2008 Chicago Bridge & Iron Company sold the site to Port of Beaumont. Port of Beaumont entered into a partnership with Allegiant Industrial Island Park to rebuild the 75 acres site. Allegiant Industrial opened the Allegiant Industrial Island Park Campus on the site in October 2018. The site has 500,000 square feet of welding and fabrication space.
References
External links
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Construction and civil engineering companies of the United States
History of Chicago
Bridge companies
1997 initial public offerings
1996 mergers and acquisitions
2018 mergers and acquisitions
Companies based in The Woodlands, Texas
Construction and civil engineering companies established in 1889
American companies established in 1889
1889 establishments in Illinois
Richard Bowen (born 1957) is a Welsh international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
They won a bronze medal in the fours with Jason Greenslade, Ian Slade and Dai Wilkins at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
They bowl for Barry Athletic Bowling Club and has previously bowled for Cardigan Bowling Club and Porthcawl Bowling Club.
They won the 1994 fours title at the Welsh National Bowls Championships when bowling for Cardigan BC and the National Senior Singles in 2018 when bowling for Barry Athletic Bowling Club. They have also won the Welsh Triples in 1988 bowling with Porthcawl Bowling Club.  They are a director of BowlsWales.
References
Living people
1957 births
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Wales
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Welsh male bowls players
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Hydrogen chalcogenides (also chalcogen hydrides or hydrogen chalcides) are binary compounds of hydrogen with chalcogen atoms (elements of group 16: oxygen, sulfur, selenium, tellurium, and polonium). Water, the first chemical compound in this series, contains one oxygen atom and two hydrogen atoms, and is the most common compound on the Earth's surface.
Dihydrogen chalcogenides
The most important series, including water, has the chemical formula H2X, with X representing any chalcogen. They are therefore triatomic. They take on a bent structure and as such are polar molecules. Water is an essential compound to life on Earth today, covering 70.9% of the planet's surface. The other hydrogen chalcogenides are usually extremely toxic, and have strong unpleasant scents usually resembling rotting eggs or vegetables. Hydrogen sulfide is a common product of decomposition in oxygen-poor environments and as such is one chemical responsible for the smell of flatulence. It is also a volcanic gas. Despite its toxicity, the human body intentionally produces it in small enough doses for use as a signaling molecule.
Water can dissolve the other hydrogen chalcogenides (at least those up to hydrogen telluride), forming acidic solutions known as hydrochalcogenic acids. Although these are weaker acids than the hydrohalic acids, they follow a similar trend of acid strength increasing with heavier chalcogens, and also form in a similar way (turning the water into a hydronium ion H3O+ and the solute into a XH− ion). It is unknown if polonium hydride forms an acidic solution in water like its lighter homologues, or if it behaves more like a metal hydride (see also hydrogen astatide).
Some properties of the hydrogen chalcogenides follow:
Many of the anomalous properties of water compared to the rest of the hydrogen chalcogenides may be attributed to significant hydrogen bonding between hydrogen and oxygen atoms. Some of these properties are the high melting and boiling points (it is a liquid at room temperature), as well as the high dielectric constant and observable ionic dissociation. Hydrogen bonding in water also results in large values of heat and entropy of vaporisation, surface tension, and viscosity.
The other hydrogen chalcogenides are highly toxic, malodorous gases. Hydrogen sulfide occurs commonly in nature and its properties compared with water reveal a lack of any significant hydrogen bonding. Since they are both gases at STP, hydrogen can be simply burned in the presence of oxygen to form water in a highly exothermic reaction; such a test can be used in beginner chemistry to test for the gases produced by a reaction as hydrogen will burn with a pop. Water, hydrogen sulfide, and hydrogen selenide may be made by heating their constituent elements together above 350 °C, but hydrogen telluride and polonium hydride are not attainable by this method due to their thermal instability; hydrogen telluride decomposes in moisture, in light, and in temperatures above 0 °C. Polonium hydride is unstable, and due to the intense radioactivity of polonium (resulting in self-radiolysis upon formation), only trace quantities may be obtained by treating dilute hydrochloric acid with polonium-plated magnesium foil. Its properties are somewhat distinct from the rest of the hydrogen chalcogenides, since polonium is a metal while the other chalcogens are not, and hence this compound is intermediate between a normal hydrogen chalcogenide or hydrogen halide such as hydrogen chloride, and a metal hydride like stannane. Like water, the first of the group, polonium hydride is also a liquid at room temperature. Unlike water, however, the strong intermolecular attractions that cause the higher boiling point are van der Waals interactions, an effect of the large electron clouds of polonium.
Dihydrogen dichalcogenides
Dihydrogen dichalcogenides have the chemical formula H2X2, and are generally less stable than the monochalcogenides, commonly decomposing into the monochalcogenide and the chalcogen involved.
The most important of these is hydrogen peroxide, H2O2, a pale blue, nearly colourless liquid that has a lower volatility than water and a higher density and viscosity. It is important chemically as it can be either oxidised or reduced in solutions of any pH, can readily form peroxometal complexes and peroxoacid complexes, as well as undergoing many proton acid/base reactions. In its less concentrated form hydrogen peroxide has some major household uses, such as a disinfectant or for bleaching hair; much more concentrated solutions are much more dangerous.
Some properties of the hydrogen dichalcogenides follow:
An alternative structural isomer of the dichalcogenides, in which both hydrogen atoms are bonded to the same chalcogen atom, which is also bonded to the other chalcogen atom, have been examined computationally. These H2X+–X– structures are ylides. This isomeric form of hydrogen peroxide, oxywater, has not been synthesized experimentally. The analogous isomer of hydrogen disulfide, thiosulfoxide, has been detected by mass spectrometry experiments.
It is possible for two different chalcogen atoms to share a dichalcogenide, as in hydrogen thioperoxide (H2SO); more well-known compounds of similar description include sulfuric acid (H2SO4).
Higher dihydrogen chalcogenides
All straight-chain hydrogen chalcogenides follow the formula H2Xn.
Higher hydrogen polyoxides than H2O2 are not stable. Trioxidane, with three oxygen atoms, is a transient unstable intermediate in several reactions. The next two in the oxygen series, tetraoxidane and pentaoxidane, have also been synthesized and found to be highly reactive. An alternative structural isomer of trioxidane, in which the two hydrogen atoms are attached to the central oxygen of the three-oxygen chain rather than one on each end, has been examined computationally.
Beyond H2S and H2S2, many higher polysulfanes H2Sn (n = 3–8) are known as stable compounds. They feature unbranched sulfur chains, reflecting sulfur's proclivity for catenation. Starting with H2S2, all known polysulfanes are liquids at room temperature. H2S2 is colourless while the other polysulfanes are yellow; the colour becomes richer as n increases, as do the density, viscosity, and boiling point. A table of physical properties is given below.
However, they can easily be oxidised and are all thermally unstable, disproportionating readily to sulfur and hydrogen sulfide, a reaction for which alkali acts as a catalyst:
H2Sn → H2S + S8
They also react with sulfite and cyanide to produce thiosulfate and thiocyanate respectively.
An alternative structural isomer of the trisulfide, in which the two hydrogen atoms are attached to the central sulfur of the three-sulfur chain rather than one on each end, has been examined computationally. Thiosulfurous acid, a branched isomer of the tetrasulfide, in which the fourth sulfur is bonded to the central sulfur of a linear dihydrogen trisulfide structure ((HS)2S+–S–), has also been examined computationally. Thiosulfuric acid, in which two sulfur atoms branch off of the central of a linear dihydrogen trisulfide structure has been studied computationally as well.
Higher polonium hydrides may exist.
Other hydrogen-chalcogen compounds
Some monohydrogen chalcogenide compounds do exist and others have been studied theoretically. As radical compounds, they are quite unstable. The two simplest are hydroxyl (HO) and hydroperoxyl (HO2). The compound hydrogen ozonide (HO3) is also known, along with some of its alkali metal ozonide salts are (various MO3). The respective sulfur analogue for hydroxyl is sulfanyl (HS) and HS2 for hydroperoxyl.
One or both of the protium atoms in water can be substituted with the isotope deuterium, yielding respectively semiheavy water and heavy water, the latter being one of the most famous deuterium compounds. Due to the high difference in density between deuterium and regular protium, heavy water exhibits many anomalous properties. The radioisotope tritium can also form tritiated water in much the same way. Another notable deuterium chalcogenide is deuterium disulfide. Deuterium telluride (D2Te) has slightly higher thermal stability than protium telluride, and has been used experimentally for chemical deposition methods of telluride-based thin films.
Hydrogen shares many properties with the halogens; substituting the hydrogen with halogens can result in chalcogen halide compounds such as oxygen difluoride and dichlorine monoxide, alongside ones that may be impossible with hydrogen such as chlorine dioxide.
Hydrogen Ions
One of the most well-known hydrogen chalcogenide ions is the hydroxide ion, and the related hydroxy functional group. The former is present in alkali metal, alkaline earth, and rare-earth hydroxides, formed by reacting the respective metal with water. The hydroxy group appears commonly in organic chemistry, such as within alcohols. The related bisulfide/sulfhydryl group appears in hydrosulfide salts and thiols, respectively.
The hydronium (H3O+) ion is present in aqueous acidic solutions, including the hydrochalcogenic acids themselves, as well as pure water alongside hydroxide.
References
Bibliography
Chalcogenides
Hydrogen compounds
William Sawe (born 5 September 1955) is a Kenyan racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1955 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Kenyan male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Kenya
Place of birth missing (living people)
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
African Games silver medalists for Kenya
Athletes (track and field) at the 1987 All-Africa Games
Palmai Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Kuvalvu
02. Monandin
03. Nangen
04. Yadagaro
05. Sundun (Bragat language speakers)
06. Kolembi
07. Sumambum
08. Asier
09. Binare
10. Boini
11. Wara
12. Muku
13. Yeresi
14. Sabig
15. Mai
19. Yambil
20. Sengi
21. Yolpa
22. Munumbal
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Ray Connolly (born 4 December 1940) is a British writer.  They are best known for their journalism and for writing the screenplays for the films That'll Be the Day and its sequel Stardust, for which they won a Writers' Guild of Great Britain Best Screenplay award.
Early life
Ray Connolly was born and brought up in Lancashire. They were educated at West Park Catholic Grammar School, St. Helens; Ormskirk Grammar School and the London School of Economics where they read social anthropology. There they also edited the LSE magazine Clare Market Review and was an associate editor of the student film magazine Motion.
Career
After entering journalism as a graduate trainee at the Liverpool Daily Post, Connolly then moved to the London Evening Standard where they interviewed, among others, many '60s and '70s rock stars and cultural icons, including the Beatles, Muhammad Ali and Elvis Presley. Many of their interviews with the Beatles are collected in their eBook The Ray Connolly Beatles Archive, while other interviews are collected in Stardust Memories – Talking About My Generation. They were due to interview John Lennon on the day the ex-Beatle was murdered, an event they wrote about in the BBC radio play Unimaginable. In 2018, they published a biography of the Beatle Being John Lennon – A Restless Life.
They have written many articles for the Daily Mail, as well as The Sunday Times, The Times, The Daily Telegraph and The Observer.
Their novels include; A Girl Who Came to Stay, Newsdeath, Sunday Morning, Shadows on a Wall and Love out of Season (which was adapted for radio as God Bless Our Love) and Sorry, Boys, You Failed The Audition. Their biography of Elvis Presley, Being Elvis – A Lonely Life was published in 2016, their biography of John Lennon Being John Lennon – A Restless Life was published in 2018.
For the cinema they wrote the films That'll Be The Day and its sequel, Stardust – which was voted the Best Screenplay of 1974 by the Writers' Guild of Great Britain. They also wrote and directed the feature-length documentary entitled James Dean: The First American Teenager, while their television drama series have included Honky Tonk Heroes, Lytton's Diary and Perfect Scoundrels. TV films include Forever Young for Channel 4 and Defrosting the Fridge for the BBC, while they co-wrote, with Alan Benson, the BBC 2 George Martin series about music The Rhythm of Life.
They have also written several radio plays, including Lost Fortnight (which is about Raymond Chandler in Hollywood), the series Tim Merryman's Days of Clover, and Sorry, Boys, You Failed the Audition, as well as several short stories for various publications, which are collected in A Handful of Love.
Personal life
 They are married, has three children and two grandchildren, and lives with their wife, Plum, in London.
In 2020 Ray Connolly contracted COVID-19, and spent almost six months in hospital, including 103 days in intensive care, an experience they turned into the BBC Radio 4 play Devoted. It was broadcast in March 2021.
References
External links
Biography at Ray Connolly's website
Living people
Alumni of the London School of Economics
British biographers
British male journalists
Writers from Lancashire
People educated at Ormskirk Grammar School
Male biographers
1940 births
Ramona Quimby, Age 8 (1981) is a novel by Beverly Cleary in the Ramona series. Ramona Quimby is in the third grade, now at a new school, and making some new friends. With Beezus in Jr. High and Mr. Quimby going back to college, Ramona feels the pressure with everyone counting on them to manage at school by themselves and get along with Willa Jean after school every day. Ramona Quimby, Age 8 was named a Newbery Honor book in 1982.
Plot summary
This book is about Ramona Quimby's life in 3rd Grade. The schools in Ramona Quimby's neighborhood have been reorganized, and now they get to ride the bus to Cedarhurst Primary, where they and their fellow third graders will be the biggest kids in the school. Ramona is happy about the changes until a boy on the bus steals their new eraser, but they rise to the challenge and ends up deciding the "Yard Ape" (the boy who stole their eraser) may not be so bad, after all.
Ramona feels the best part of being in third grade is Sustained Silent Reading. When Ramona cracks a hard boiled egg on their head at lunch—and finds out their mother forgot to boil it—she ends up in the secretary's office with a head full of raw egg, where they overhear Mrs. Whaley describe them as a show-off and a nuisance. Even Yard Ape can't make them feel better about that. Things get worse when they suddenly become ill and throws up in class, followed by their mother leaving work to take them home.
For Ramona, there's also the problem of spoiled Willa Jean. Every day after school Howie goes outside to ride bikes with their friends, and Ramona is forced to play baby games with Willa Jean. Beezus can always say she's busy doing homework, but that doesn't work for Ramona.
At one point, Mr. Quimby has had enough of the gloom on one Sunday and insists the family go out to eat so they go to Ramona's favorite restaurant. When they arrive, Ramona begins to dance when they accidentally bump into an older gentleman who salutes them Embarrassed, they go back and joins their family. Just before their family is about to leave, they are delighted that the older gentleman Ramona bumped into paid for their meal because they felt sad about their own family whom they hadn't seen in a while.
Critical reception
Critics welcomed the latest volume in this series, praising Cleary's ability to convey the real concerns of ordinary children with clarity and sensitivity. The Children's Literature review says, "Kids may easily identify with Ramona's difficulties, as Cleary depicts this 'typical' white American middle-class family with warmth and interest. Cleary tackles the difficult issue of describing a happy family with grace; the Quimby family is far from perfect, and although not poverty-stricken, they are also far from rich."
Kirkus Reviews agree that readers will identify with Ramona, writing "Though the family has its money worries and its cranky days, things are never so bad that a Sunday dinner at the Whopperburger can't cheer them up... As always, Ramona's thought processes are amusing, touching, and revealing. Once more, Cleary shows us life through Ramona's eyes and shows their young readers that they are not alone."
In 1986, Choosing Books for Kids included Ramona Quimby, Age 8 in its list of Ten Books for Eights and Nines Too Good to Miss, and says "Cleary paints a real world kids can readily relate to."
Editions
The book has been translated into Spanish, with the title Ramona empieza en el curso. It has also been translated into Afrikaans, Bulgarian, Chinese, Dutch, German (with the title Ramona oder Eine wirklich nette Familie), Hebrew, Hungarian (with the title Ramona), Japanese, Korean, Persian, Thai, and Turkish.
References
External links
1981 American novels
American children's novels
Novels by Beverly Cleary
Novels set in Portland, Oregon
Newbery Honor-winning works
1981 children's books
Children's novels
John Griffith was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640. They supported the Royalist cause in the English Civil War.
Griffith was the eldest son of John Griffith and their wife May Trevor, daughter of Sir Richard Trevor of Trevalyn. They were of Llyn. In November 1640, they were elected Member of Parliament for Carnarvonshire in the Long Parliament and sat until August 1642 when they were disabled from sitting.
Griffith died unmarried in Paris before 1661.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
Cavaliers
English MPs 1640–1648
Theora mesopotamica is a species of saltwater and brackish water clam, a bivalve mollusk in the family Semelidae. This species is known from the northwestern end of the Persian Gulf, and from subfossil remains in brackish deposits in the lower Tigris–Euphrates basin of Iraq.
Taxonomy
In 1918, this species was first described by Nelson Annandale, from specimens collected by W. H. Lane, which were placed in the Indian Museum. Annandale named the species Corbula (Erodona) mesopotamica, believing it to belong in the subgenus Erodona within the genus Corbula. Annandale believed this bivalve was most similar to Corbula pfefferi (now Potamocorbula abbreviata), an Indian species. The species epithet mesopotamica refers to the species having been found in the Mesopotamian region.
In 1957, F. E. Eames and G. D. Wilkins, biologists working for British Petroleum, described a new species with the name Abra cadabra. Eames later told S. Peter Dance that they chose the name because, as a species known from subfossils, it "had been dead for a long time, and could be described as a cadaver," and as a pun on the familiar magical incantation abracadabra. In 1995, Abra cadabra was moved to the genus Theora by P. G. Oliver. In 2005, J.-C. Plaziat and W. R. Younis discovered that the name was a junior synonym of Annandale's Corbula mesopotamica and those two authors changed the name of the species to the new combination, Theora mesopotamica.
Description
The shell is small and thin, with inequally sized and asymmetric valves. It is about 1.5 times as long as high, rounded in the front, subtruncate behind and moderately swollen in the central region. The umbos are small and point out slightly; they are situated nearer to the anterior than the posterior end. The dorsal margin from the umbo to the upper end of the anterior margin is slightly convex, and from the umbo to the posterior region is straight and sloping. The lower margin is convex and evenly curved, and the surface of the upper part of the shell is striated with fine, irregular, transverse concentric markings. The right valve measures in breadth and in height, and the right valve and .
Distribution
Although the species was first found only as subfossil remains by Annandale, they believed it was probably not extinct, and that some of the deposits they saw were likely recent in age. Living specimens of the species have since been obtained from the northwestern part of the Persian Gulf, including in "muddy and silty substrates" around Failaka Island of Kuwait.
Within Iraq, Annandale collected their specimens from a sandy lake-bed deposit, in the vicinity of Nasiriyah on the Euphrates. Eames and Wilkins found the species in borings made in the Hammar Marshes, and Plaziat and Younis found it in other localities of the Hammar Formation; they described it as a typical species of this formation. The deposits in Iraq where the species has been found are in brackish habitat (although Annandale believed the deposits to be freshwater, this was due to reworking), toward the outer edge of tidal influence in the Euphrates and Tigris. Much of the species' former habitat, as evidenced by subfossil remains, is now less brackish than it was when the fossils were deposited, meaning it is less likely to be extant in such places.
Ecology
In a study of fish diets in the Khor Al Zubair, this species was one of the two principal species of bivalve found in the stomach contents of common fish such as soles and croakers.
References
Works cited
Semelidae
Molluscs described in 1918
Petar Kostadinov (, born 19 May 1954) is a Bulgarian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Bulgarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Bulgaria
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Tout Puissant Molunge is a Congolese football club based in Mbandaka, Équateur province and currently playing in the Linafoot Ligue 2, the second level of the Congolese football. They play at 10,000 capacity Stade Bakusu.
Honours
Equateur Provincial League
Winners (5): 2002, 2005, 2006, 2008, 2010
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Cup: 1 appearances
1993 – First Round
References
External links
Club profile - Soccerway.com
Mbandaka
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Sports clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
KPLO-FM (94.5 FM, "Everything Country") is a radio station licensed to serve Reliance, South Dakota. The station is owned by James River Broadcasting, branded as DRG Media Group. It airs a country music format. All four Pierre DRG Media Group (James River Broadcasting) stations share studios on West Pleasant Drive in Pierre.
The station was assigned the KPLO-FM call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on February 20, 1985.
KPLO-FM's tower, shared with former sister station KPLO-TV, collapsed during an ice storm on January 22, 2010. As of February 8, KPLO was back on the air in the Pierre and Fort Pierre area at 100.5 FM.
References
External links
KPLO-FM official website
PLO-FM
Lyman County, South Dakota
Radio stations established in 1985
1985 establishments in South Dakota
In cryptography, a weak key is a key, which, used with a specific cipher, makes the cipher behave in some undesirable way. Weak keys usually represent a very small fraction of the overall keyspace, which usually means that, if one generates a random key to encrypt a message, weak keys are very unlikely to give rise to a security problem. Nevertheless, it is considered desirable for a cipher to have no weak keys. A cipher with no weak keys is said to have a flat, or linear, key space.
Historical origins
Virtually all rotor-based cipher machines (from 1925 onwards) have implementation flaws that lead to a substantial number of weak keys being created. Some rotor machines have more problems with weak keys than others, as modern block and stream ciphers do.
The first stream cipher machines were also rotor machines and had some of the same problems of weak keys as the more traditional rotor machines. The T52 was one such stream cipher machine that had weak key problems.
The British first detected T52 traffic in Summer and Autumn of 1942. One link was between Sicily and Libya, codenamed "Sturgeon", and another from the Aegean to Sicily, codenamed "Mackerel". Operators of both links were in the habit of enciphering several messages with the same machine settings, producing large numbers of depths.
There were several (mostly incompatible) versions of the T52: the T52a and T52b (which differed only in their electrical noise suppression), T52c, T52d and T52e. While the T52a/b and T52c were cryptologically weak, the last two were more advanced devices; the movement of the wheels was intermittent, the decision on whether or not to advance them being controlled by logic circuits which took as input data from the wheels themselves.
In addition, a number of conceptual flaws (including very subtle ones) had been eliminated. One such flaw was the ability to reset the keystream to a fixed point, which led to key reuse by undisciplined machine operators.
Weak keys in DES
The block cipher DES has a few specific keys termed "weak keys" and "semi-weak keys". These are keys that cause the encryption mode of DES to act identically to the decryption mode of DES (albeit potentially that of a different key).
In operation, the secret 56-bit key is broken up into 16 subkeys according to the DES key schedule; one subkey is used in each of the sixteen DES rounds. DES weak keys produce sixteen identical subkeys. This occurs when the key (expressed in hexadecimal) is:
Alternating ones + zeros (0x0101010101010101)
Alternating 'F' + 'E' (0xFEFEFEFEFEFEFEFE)
'0xE0E0E0E0F1F1F1F1'
'0x1F1F1F1F0E0E0E0E'
If an implementation does not consider the parity bits, the corresponding keys with the inverted parity bits may also work as weak keys:
all zeros (0x0000000000000000)
all ones (0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF)
'0xE1E1E1E1F0F0F0F0'
'0x1E1E1E1E0F0F0F0F'
Using weak keys, the outcome of the Permuted Choice 1 (PC-1) in the DES key schedule leads to round keys being either all zeros, all ones or alternating zero-one patterns.
Since all the subkeys are identical, and DES is a Feistel network, the encryption function is self-inverting; that is, despite encrypting once giving a secure-looking cipher text, encrypting twice produces the original plaintext.
DES also has semi-weak keys, which only produce two different subkeys, each used eight times in the algorithm: This means they come in pairs K1 and K2, and they have the property that:
where EK(M) is the encryption algorithm encrypting message M with key K. There are six semi-weak key pairs:
0x011F011F010E010E and 0x1F011F010E010E01
0x01E001E001F101F1 and 0xE001E001F101F101
0x01FE01FE01FE01FE and 0xFE01FE01FE01FE01
0x1FE01FE00EF10EF1 and 0xE01FE01FF10EF10E
0x1FFE1FFE0EFE0EFE and 0xFE1FFE1FFE0EFE0E
0xE0FEE0FEF1FEF1FE and 0xFEE0FEE0FEF1FEF1
There are also 48 possibly weak keys that produce only four distinct subkeys (instead of 16). They can be found in a NIST publication.
These weak and semi-weak keys are not considered "fatal flaws" of DES. There are 256 (7.21 × 1016, about 72 quadrillion) possible keys for DES, of which four are weak and twelve are semi-weak. This is such a tiny fraction of the possible keyspace that users do not need to worry. If they so desire, they can check for weak or semi-weak keys when the keys are generated. They are very few, and easy to recognize. Note, however, that currently DES is no longer recommended for general use since all DES keys can be brute-forced it's been decades since the Deep Crack machine was cracking them on the order of days, and as computers tend to do, more recent solutions are vastly cheaper on that time scale. Examples of progress are in Deep Crack's article.
List of algorithms with weak keys
DES, as detailed above.
RC4. RC4's weak initialization vectors allow an attacker to mount a known-plaintext attack and have been widely used to compromise the security of WEP.
IDEA. IDEA's weak keys are identifiable in a chosen-plaintext attack. They make the relationship between the XOR sum of plaintext bits and ciphertext bits predictable. There is no list of these keys, but they can be identified by their "structure".
Blowfish. Blowfish's weak keys produce bad S-boxes, since Blowfish's S-boxes are key-dependent. There is a chosen plaintext attack against a reduced-round variant of Blowfish that is made easier by the use of weak keys. This is not a concern for full 16-round Blowfish.
GMAC. Frequently used in the AES-GCM construction. Weak keys can be identified by the group order of the authentication key H (for AES-GCM, H is derived from the encryption key by encrypting the zero block).
RSA and DSA. August 2012 Nadia Heninger, Zakir Durumeric, Eric Wustrow, J. Alex Halderman found that TLS certificates they assessed share keys due to insufficient entropy during key generation, and were able to obtain DSA and RSA private keys of TLS and SSH hosts knowing only the public key.
No weak keys as a design goal
The goal of having a 'flat' keyspace (i.e., all keys equally strong) is always a cipher design goal. As in the case of DES, sometimes a small number of weak keys is acceptable, provided that they are all identified or identifiable. An algorithm that has unknown weak keys does not inspire much trust.
The two main countermeasures against inadvertently using a weak key:
Checking generated keys against a list of known weak keys, or building rejection of weak keys into the key scheduling.
When the number of weak keys is known to be very small (in comparison to the size of the keyspace), generating a key uniformly at random ensures that the probability of it being weak is a (known) very small number.
A large number of weak keys is a serious flaw in any cipher design, since there will then be a (perhaps too) large chance that a randomly generated one will be a weak one, compromising the security of messages encrypted under it. It will also take longer to check randomly generated keys for weakness in such cases, which will tempt shortcuts in interest of 'efficiency'.
However, weak keys are much more often a problem where the adversary has some control over what keys are used, such as when a block cipher is used in a mode of operation intended to construct a secure cryptographic hash function (e.g. Davies–Meyer).
See also
Authentication factors
Strong authentication
Multifactor authentication
References
Cryptographic attacks
Key management
Beth Israel Congregation () is a Conservative synagogue located at 116 Centre Street in Kingston, Ontario.
It was designed by Joseph William Power, architect in 1910. It is the oldest synagogue in Kingston.
Notes
Buildings and structures in Kingston, Ontario
Jewish organizations established in 1910
Synagogues in Ontario
Orthodox synagogues in Canada
1910 establishments in Ontario
The Justin P. Wilson Cumberland Trail State Park, commonly known as the Cumberland Trail, is a Tennessee hiking trail following a line of ridges and gorges along the eastern escarpment of the Cumberland Plateau and Cumberland Mountains in Tennessee. The trail begins at Cumberland Gap National Historical Park and ends at Chickamauga and Chattanooga National Military Park and Prentice Cooper Wildlife Management Area just outside Chattanooga, Tennessee. The trail travels through 11 Tennessee counties and two time zones.
History
The Cumberland Trail became Tennessee's 53rd state park in 1998 and the state's only linear park. The park is named for Justin P. Wilson in honor of their work to help make the vision of the Cumberland Trail a reality. Wilson served as the commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation in 1996 and deputy governor for policy for former Tennessee Governor Don Sundquist. they are Comptroller of the State of Tennessee, an attorney, longtime Republican Party and conservation activist who donated a considerable portion of the land involved.
The Trail
When completed, the Justin P. Wilson Cumberland Trail State Park is to contain a core corridor of trail stretching from Cumberland Gap National Historical Park to the Chickamauga and Chattanooga National Military Park and Prentice Cooper Wildlife Management Area.
The Cumberland Trail is designed for hikers by hikers as a sustainable single file back country hiking trail, part of the Great Eastern Trail, through more remote areas of the Appalachian Mountains. An alternative to the relatively crowded Appalachian Trail. it gives hikers access to areas preserved for their natural or scenic beauty that cannot be otherwise accessed, providing a wilderness experience rare in the eastern US. The rugged trail follows numerous sparsely populated ridge lines where the trail designers have strategically routed the trail to spectacular overlooks and scarce drinking water sources. The trail dips into gorges where hikers can find waterfalls and swimming holes. It is designed and built to minimize the potential environmental impact on sensitive wildlife habitat, unique aquatic or terrestrial habitats, or endangered and threatened species.
Route
Still a work-in-progress, as of November 2016, 210 mi (340 km) of trail are ready for hiking and over 300 mi (483 km) of trails are planned. Segments include: the Cumberland Mountain segment above La Follette and Jacksboro and in the Cumberland Gap National Historic Park; the Smoky Mountain segment in Campbell County; the Frozen Head segment in Morgan County; the Obed Wild and Scenic River segment in the Obed Wild and Scenic River and Catoosa Wildlife Management Area; the Grassy Cove segment on Black and Brady mountains in Cumberland County; the Rock Creek, Possum Creek, Soddy Creek, and North Chickamauga segments in Hamilton County; and the Tennessee River Gorge segment in Prentice Cooper State Forest.
Management
Cumberland Trail State Park offices are located in Caryville, Pikeville, and Signal Mountain. Volunteers from all over the US and several volunteer hiking organizations are also working under direction of the Tennessee State Parks in building new sections of the trail.
A number of private organizations support the Cumberland Trail financially and with volunteer efforts. The list of supporters is long. Wild Trails, the Chattanooga nonprofit that directs money to building and maintaining wilderness path projects through the region; Break Away: the Alternative Break Connection; Lyndhurst Foundation; Anne Potter Wilson Foundation; the Cumberland Trails Conference (CTC); and the Friends of the Cumberland Trail are most active in the private sector funding, trail development, and on-the-ground construction of the Cumberland Trail. A number of other individuals and volunteer organizations are also assisting in bringing the vision of the Cumberland Trail closer to completion.
Tennessee State Parks and the Tennessee Trails Association sponsor volunteer trail building programs several times a year to build new sections of trail. The biggest of these programs is the BreakAway program. BreakAway program is an Alternative Spring Break (ASB) program managed by the Cumberland Trails Conference that allows college students to engage in volunteer services such as trail building during their spring and fall college breaks. A big portion of the 235,000 hours donated to date to construct and maintain the trail have been BreakAway students.
See also
List of Tennessee state parks
StumpJump 50k
External links
Official Tennessee State Park Site
Cumberland Trail Conference
Friends of the Cumberland Trail
BreakAway: the Alternative Break Connection
CTC website
Hiking trails in Tennessee
Great Eastern Trail
Long-distance trails in the United States
Protected areas of Hamilton County, Tennessee
Protected areas of Campbell County, Tennessee
Protected areas of Morgan County, Tennessee
Protected areas of Cumberland County, Tennessee
Protected areas of Marion County, Tennessee
Košarkarski klub Cedevita Olimpija (), commonly referred to as KK Cedevita Olimpija or simply Olimpija, is a men's professional basketball club based in Ljubljana, Slovenia. The club competes in the ABA League and the EuroCup, as well as in the Slovenian League.
The club was established in 2019 after the merger of the most successful Slovenian club Olimpija and the Croatian powerhouse Cedevita. Cedevita Olimpija inherited 70 trophies of both predecessors and their competition licences for its inaugural season.
History
Background
KK Cedevita Olimpija is an outcome of a merger of two clubs from neighboring countries, the Slovenian club Petrol Olimpija from Ljubljana and the Croatian team Cedevita from Zagreb, which is the first such instance of two clubs from different countries merging.
Olimpija was the winner of 17 Slovenian Championships and 20 Slovenian Cups. It traces its history back to 1946 and adopted the name Olimpija in 1955. The club was an early power in the Yugoslav League with Ivo Daneu leading Olimpija to six domestic titles between 1957 and 1970. After Slovenia's independence in 1991, Olimpija won ten out of eleven championships between 1992 and 2002. Olimpija won the FIBA Saporta Cup in the 1993–94 season, and Arriel McDonald and Marko Milič helped it to the 1997 Euroleague Final Four. Over the years, Olimpija had a streak of 17 straight EuroLeague appearances and it won the inaugural Adriatic League in the 2001–02 season. Olimpija won the Slovenian League in 2009 and brought home its sixth straight Slovenian Cup in 2013 before going on a four-year trophy drought. During that span, Olimpija made its EuroCup debut in the 2013–14 season, but it wasn't until the 2016–17 season that it got back to its winning ways with the Slovenian League and Cup double. Olimpija won its last Slovenian League championship in the 2017–18 season.
Cedevita was the winner of five Croatian League Championships and seven Croatian Cup tournaments. It was founded in Zagreb in 1991 as KK Botinec. The club reached the first-tier league in 2002, but its ambitions rose when Atlantic Grupa took over in 2005 and the club changed its name to Cedevita. The club reached the 2011 EuroCup Final Four; Dontaye Draper was named EuroCup MVP, and Aleksandar Petrović EuroCup Coach of the Year. A year later, Cedevita won its first title, the Croatian Cup, led by veteran forward Matjaž Smodiš. Cedevita made its EuroLeague debut in the 2012–13 season, which it finished with a 2–8 record. That turned out to be a title-less season, but the last such for Cedevita, which celebrated a Croatian double in each of the next five years. In the 2015–16 EuroLeague, Cedevita reached the Top 16. The club also won the inaugural Adriatic Supercup in 2018. In 2019, Cedevita won the Croatian Cup for the sixth season in a row.
Establishment
On 4 June 2019, it was announced that Cedevita and Petrol Olimpija plan to merge and form Cedevita Olimpija, a new men's professional basketball club based in Ljubljana, Slovenia. On 13 June, the management boards of Cedevita and Olimpija have confirmed the appointment of Davor Užbinec as a general manager and Sani Bečirovič as a sports director. On 25 June, the EuroCup Board confirmed the club's participation in the 2019–20 EuroCup season. On 8 July, the club was officially established with Slaven Rimac being confirmed as the first team head coach, as well as Tomaž Berločnik named the president of the club.
KK Cedevita continued to compete under the name Cedevita Junior, and reached the top division of Croatian basketball in 2020–21.
Inaugural season and first titles
Slovenian forward Edo Murić became the first-ever player who signed for the club. Next to players added from Cedevita and Petrol Olimpija rosters, the club signed veterans Mirko Mulalić, Saša Zagorac, and Marko Simonović, as well as Martin Krampelj, Mikael Hopkins, Jaka Blažič, Codi Miller-McIntyre, and Ryan Boatright. On 11 September 2019, guard Jaka Blažič was named the first team captain. In September 2019, Cedevita Olimpija lost to Partizan in the 2019 ABA Supercup final. The team also finished as runners-up of the Slovenian Cup. In EuroCup, Olimpija participated in Group C and finished in sixth place, before the competition was cancelled in the playoffs due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Slovenian League and the ABA League were also cancelled. In mid season, former Olimpija player Jurica Golemac replaced Slaven Rimac as head coach.
In the 2020–21 season, Cedevita Olimpija signed two Slovenian international players, Žiga Dimec and Luka Rupnik, and the top scorer of the 2019–20 ABA League season, Kendrick Perry. At the beginning of the season, the club won its first trophy since the merger as they beat Krka in the Slovenian Supercup. In the EuroCup and the ABA League, Cedevita Olimpija was only one win away from advancing to the playoffs. However, the team won the national league for the first time in three years after sweeping Krka 3–0 in the final. At the beginning of the 2021–22 season, Cedevita Olimpija won its tenth Supercup title after beating Krka, which was followed by their first Slovenian Cup title in five years after defeating Helios Suns in the final, their second trophy of the season.
Identity
The main colours of Cedevita Olimpija are green and orange. Green has been used by Olimpija, while orange was used by Cedevita. The crest consists of a green dragon, one of the symbols of the city of Ljubljana, and a capital letter 'C' in orange, which stands for Cedevita. In addition, the entire crest is framed in green.
Home arena
Cedevita Olimpija play their home games at the Stožice Arena, often referred to as Zmajevo gnezdo (Dragon's Nest) in Slovenian media. The arena is located in the Bežigrad District of Ljubljana and owned by the City of Ljubljana. The arena was built in 2010 in fourteen months and is a part of the Stožice sports complex. It has a seating capacity of 12,480.
Occasionally, Cedevita Olimpija play their home games at the Tivoli Hall, which has a capacity of 4,500.
Players
Current roster
Depth chart
Out on loan
|}
Retired numbers
Notes
OL Played for KK Olimpija Ljubljana (1946–2019)
Notable former players
Jaka Blažič
Žiga Dimec
Alen Hodžić
Luka Rupnik
Saša Zagorac
Ryan Boatright
Andrija Stipanović
Melvin Ejim
Roko Leni Ukić
Jacob Pullen
Maik Zirbes
Zach Auguste
Mikael Hopkins
Jarrod Jones
Kendrick Perry
Marko Simonović
Head coaches
Slaven Rimac (2019–2020)
Jurica Golemac (2020–present)
Trophies and awards
Trophies won
Slovenian Championship
Winners (2) – 2020–21, 2021–22
Slovenian Cup
Winners (1) – 2022
Slovenian Supercup
Winners (3) – 2020, 2021, 2022
Inherited trophies
After Olimpija Ljubljana and Cedevita Zagreb merged into Cedevita Olimpija, the newly-formed club obtained the right to the trophies of the two predecessors clubs.
Notes
OL Won by KK Olimpija Ljubljana (1946–2019)
CZ Won by KK Cedevita Zagreb (1991–2019)
Management
President: Emil Tedeschi
Vice-presidents: Tomaž Berločnik, Damjan Kralj, Andrej Slapar
Members of the Management Board: David Kovačič, Nada Drobne Popović, Blaž Brodnjak, Emil Tedeschi Jr., Zoran Stankovič, Jurij Žurej, Enzo Smrekar
General manager: Davor Užbinec
Technical director: Krešimir Novosel
Sporting director: Sani Bečirovič
Team manager: Matko Jovanović
Head coach: Jurica Golemac
Source:
References
External links
Official website
Club profile at eurobasket.com
Basketball teams established in 2019
Basketball teams in Slovenia
Sports clubs in Ljubljana
KK Cedevita
KK Olimpija
2019 establishments in Slovenia
Saka Tunggal Mosque (formally Saka Tunggal Baitussalam Mosque) is a mosque located in Cikakak, Banyumas, Central Java. Established in 1871, it is considered a Cultural Property of Indonesia. The complex is home to thousands of monkeys.
History
Saka Tunggal Mosque was established in 1871 CE, or 1288 hijri; the latter year is inscribed on the lone pillar in the mosque. The name of the mosque is derived from this column: saka tunggal translates as "lone pillar". The roof of the central room is made of palm tree fibers.
The mosque is held to have been established by Kyai Tulih (also spelled Ki Ageng Tolih), a pioneer of the Aboge school of Islam which combined the Islamic and Javanese calendars. The site remains sacred to followers of Aboge Islam, Saka Tunggal Mosque is often used for Eid prayers by the Aboge in Banyumas.
In 2004 the mosque was designated a Cultural Property of Indonesia. It is open to tourists, but under-utilized and poorly managed. Little infrastructure has been developed to support the development of the mosque and its surrounding area as a tourist object. As such, in 2014 only 2,000 visitors were recorded.
Description
Saka Tunggal mosque is located in Cikakak, Wangon, Banyumas, Central Java, approximately southwest of the regency's capital Purwokerto. It is about from the main road, over a paved road which, , is badly damaged. The site lacks public toilets or other facilities for tourists.
Near the mosque is a graveyard where Kyai Tulih is buried. This graveyard is surrounded by a bamboo fence and divided into three parts: the upper, middle, and lower cemetery. Each part of the cemetery has its own juru kunci (caretaker).
Every year on the 26th day of Rajab, the bamboo fence (jaro in Javanese) surrounding the cemetery is replaced in a ceremony known as Jaro Rohab. Men replace the fence, beginning near the grave of Kyai Tulih then continuing on in the direction of the mosque. Meanwhile, women prepare food for a ritual known as slametan; the ceremony is done by the cemetery's three juru kunci. The Jaro Rojab ritual is intended to commemorate the Night Journey of the prophet Muhammad and to spiritually cleanse the participants. It attracts Muslims from much of Central and West Java, including representatives of the Surakarta Sunanate in Surakarta.
The area around the mosque is home to thousands of monkeys. These monkeys often come to the mosque area, though they are not supposed to be fed by tourists. The monkeys are considered sacred by the local residents, and thus may not be killed or injured. During the dry season they may attack residents' homes, stealing food or other objects.
See also
Mosques in Indonesia
References
Works cited
External links
Banyumas Regency
Mosques completed in 1871
Cultural Properties of Indonesia in Central Java
Mosques in Indonesia
Tourist attractions in Central Java
James Parke is the name of:
James Cecil Parke (1881–1946), tennis player, Australian Open winner 1912
James Parke, 1st Baron Wensleydale (1782–1868), English judge
See also
James Park (disambiguation)
James Parkes (disambiguation)
James Parks (disambiguation)
José María Merchán Illanes (born 7 July 1976 in Seville) is a Spanish triathlete.
Merchan competed in the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics Sydney 2000. They did not finish the competition because of a fall in the bicycle sector.
Notes
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Spanish male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Spain
AYAYAY! is the third studio album by Mexican singer Christian Nodal released through Fonovisa Records and Universal Music Latin Entertainment. It was first released as an EP on May 29, 2020, and then as a full album titled AYAYAY! (Deluxe) on September 11, 2020. A super deluxe version was also released. The album was produced by Jaime González and features a collaboration with Angela Aguilar in It's super deluxe version.
At the 21st Annual Latin Grammy Awards, the EP was nominated for Best Ranchero/Mariachi Album while the title track was nominated for Best Regional Mexican Song. The following year, the super deluxe version was nominated for Best Ranchero/Mariachi Album while "Aquí Abajo" won Best Regional Mexican Song at the 22nd Annual Latin Grammy Awards. Additionally, both the EP and the super deluxe version were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Regional Mexican Music Album (including Tejano) in 2021 and 2022, respectively, being Nodal's first Grammy Award nominations. The EP was also nominated for Regional Mexican Album of the Year at the 2021 Billboard Latin Music Awards.
The album was certified gold in both United States and Mexico. It peaked at numbers 8 and 1 at the Top Latin Albums and Regional Mexican Albums charts, respectively, being Nodal's third number one in the latter chart.
Background
The album began as an EP composed of seven tracks, released on May 29, 2020, it was followed by the full version of the album, released on September 11, 2020, titled AYAYAY! (Deluxe) and composed of thirteen tracks, including all tracks from the EP. A super deluxe version of the album was later released, containing the collaboration "Dime Cómo Quieres" with Angela Aguilar. The projects were recorded during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The album features the use of Mexican slang as well as Mexican references, namely on the title of the album, which comes from the Mexican grito, some tracks also have slangs in their titles like "Mi Chula" and "Mamacita", both being ways to refer to women, Nodal has said that "more than anything, AYAYAY! reflects the essence of my character with Mexican words, the vocabulary [on the album] is very Mexican".
Singles
The EP was supported by two singles, "Se Me Olvidó", released on March 6, 2020, and "AYAYAY!", released on April 17, 2020. The third single was "Aquí Abajo", released on July 10, 2020, to promote the deluxe version of the album. The fourth single was "Dime Cómo Quieres", a collaboration with Mexican singer Angela Aguilar, released on November 13, 2020, included in the super deluxe version of the album. "Se Me Olvidó" and "Dime Cómo Quieres" topped the chart in México, additionally, all of the singles except "AYAYAY!" peaked at number one at the Regional Mexican Songs chart.
Track listing
All tracks were produced by Jaime González.
Charts
Certifications
References
2020 albums
Leptotrichia trevisanii is an aerotolerant, filamentous and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Leptotrichia which has been isolated from human blood.
References
Fusobacteriota
Bacteria described in 2002
Lucas Ng Jun Jie (born 13 October 1988) is a Singaporean short track speed skater. They became the first Singaporean athlete to compete at a major winter sport event at the 2011 Asian Winter Games. Their participation drew praise from parliamentary secretary Teo Ser Luck who said "We should just celebrate the fact that Singapore has its first winter athlete. We've never had a winter athlete and this in itself is a breakthrough." In August 2017, Ng suffered a serious injury due to a training accident in which a tendon in their right hand was severed by the blade of a skater who fell down in front of him. They underwent surgery requiring ten stitches, but ten days later had recovered sufficiently from their injuries to win the silver medal in the men's 1000 metres in short track speed skating at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games.
References
External links
(ISU)
Lucas Ng at the Singapore Ice Skating Association (SISA)
1988 births
Living people
Singaporean male short track speed skaters
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Singapore
Southeast Asian Games medalists in short track speed skating
Short track speed skaters at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Short track speed skaters at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Singapore
Charlatan is the debut studio album by American alternative rock band Victorian Halls. The 12-track album was recorded in Los Angeles in Cameron Webb's recording studio and released on 16 August 2011 by Victory Records. The vinyl version of Charlatan was released on white-and-green marbled record, with a number of copies featuring an etching on the inner ring of the disc, as an inside joke, of the band professing their producer's love for Justin Bieber. To promote the album, the band issued an interactive e-card containing a preview of each track from their new record.
The cover art for the album was painted by Chelsea Greene Lewyta, a freelance avant-garde illustrator living in New York City, US.
Track listing
References
2011 debut albums
Victorian Halls albums
Victory Records albums
Camus, in historic literature, was a Scandinavian general dispatched to engage the Scots in battle, reportedly in the early eleventh century AD. The legendary engagement was called the Battle of Barry, and was first alluded to by Boece.
The historical nature of Camus and the Battle of Barry was called into doubt in the early nineteenth century. Evidence formerly cited for the battle included the large number of human remains found on Barry Links, where the town of Carnoustie, Angus now stands, now reinterpreted as a Pictish cemetery of earlier date. The remains of a fort near Kirkbuddo, formerly known as 'Norway Dykes', from where the Danish army are supposed to have marched is now recognised to be of Roman origin.
Boece attributed Pictish sculptured stones found throughout Angus and the surrounding area to the Danish invasions. The battle depicted on the reverse of the Aberlemno kirkyard stone was cited by tradition as a depiction of the Battle of Barry. Current thought dates this stone from the mid-8th century and it is now commonly thought to depict the Battle of Dun Nechtain in 685 AD. The Camus Cross near Monikie, 2 miles north of the supposed battle site and formerly thought to be the site of Camus' death, is now thought to be of earlier, Pictish origin.
The name 'Camus' derives from 'Camuston', the location of the Camus Cross. Local tradition claims the hill to have been named in honour of Camus, but it is found in early documents as 'Cambeston' and is thought to have a Celtic rather than Scandinavian derivation.
See also
Stone of Morphie
Line notes
References
Hector Boece. 1527. Historia Gentis Scotorum (History of the Scottish People)
John Carrie. 1881. Ancient Things in Angus: A Series of Articles on Ancient Things, Manners, and Customs, in Forfarshire, published by Thomas Buncle, 156 pages
Scottish mythology
Scandinavian Scotland
Scottish literature
11th century in Scotland
Archips subgyraleus is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 15 mm. The termen of the forewings are cream ochreous, in the basal three-fourths suffused pinkish brown, in the costal area tinged with brown black. The markings and costal fold are blackish brown. The hindwings are cream orange, although they are brownish grey in the anal area.
References
Moths described in 2009
Archips
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Bras de Riche (in English: Arm of Rich) flows in the municipalities of Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard, Saint-Aubert and L'Islet (Saint-Eugène sector), in the L'Islet Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The "Bras de Riche" is a tributary of the east bank of the Bras Saint-Nicolas, which flows on the south-east bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny); the latter flows north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of Bras de Riche are:
north side: Sauvage stream, Tortue River (L'Islet);
east side: Bras de la rivière Ouelle, Bras du Nord-Est, Tenturette River, Grand Calder River;
south side: Bras d'Apic, Bras du Nord-Est, Méchant Pouce River;
west side: Petit Moulin River (L'Islet), rivière des Perdrix, Bras Saint-Nicolas.
The "Bras de Riche" takes its source at Lake Bringé (length: ; altitude: ), located in a mountainous area, located at the limit between Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard and Saint-Aubert. This head lake is located southeast of Trois Saumons lake and southeast of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
From this head lake, the "Bras de Riche" flows over , with a drop of , divided into the following segments:
southwesterly in Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard, to the municipal limit of Saint-Aubert;
southwesterly, up to the limit of Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard;
south-west, to a country road;
southwest, to route 285;
towards the west, collecting the waters of the Bras du Nord-Est (coming from the south), until the limit between Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard and L'Islet (Saint-Eugène sector);
northwesterly, up to its confluence.
The "Bras de Riche" empties on the east bank of the Bras Saint-Nicolas. This confluence is located upstream from the bridge at a place called "Les Chandelles", downstream from the "Toupin waterfall" and north-west of the center of the village of Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard.
Toponymy
The toponym "Bras de Riche" was made official on May 31, 1983, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Yell for the Blue Sky () is a 2016 Japanese youth drama film directed by Takahiro Miki, written by Yukiko Mochiji and based on the manga series Aozora Yell by Kazune Kawahara. It was released in Japan by Toho on August 20, 2016.
Plot
The film tells the story of Tsubasa Ono and Daisuke Yamada, who enter Shirato High School of Sapporo due to similar circumstances: the two idolize Shirato thanks to a good impression from one of its past baseball victories. Tsubasa, a girl who lacks self-confidence, wants to voice their opinion through their instrument of choice, trumpet, while Daisuke wants to join the school's baseball club and win the regional championship. The two make a promise that they will join the brass band and baseball clubs, respectively, and support each other for the championship.
During their first year, Tsubasa and Daisuke befriend Yasushi Kido, who also joins the baseball club, and Himari Wakita, who warns Tsubasa of the brass band's strict commitments. Indeed, Tsubasa is overwhelmed by the club's unrelenting exercises, especially as they have no experience of playing a trumpet before, while their shyness is belittled by fellow first-year student Aki Mizushima, a moody but prodigious trumpeter. Nevertheless, with Daisuke's encouragement, Tsubasa holds on and slowly learns the art of a trumpeter, aided by their upperclassman, Yuka Mori. When Yuka becomes depressed after being dismissed from the national championship team due to an injury, Tsubasa stubbornly visits their apartment to ask for their return. Though the brass band ultimately fails in claiming the gold medal, Yuka does return and thanks Tsubasa for their support.
Meanwhile, the baseball team also loses the regional champion title that year, but Daisuke is touched when Tsubasa plays the winning march solo despite being forbidden to do so, which earns them a lash out from their teacher. Tsubasa eventually realizes that they are in love with Daisuke and confesses to them during one night, but they reject them as they want to concentrate on baseball first.
Two years later, Tsubasa and Daisuke, now seniors, respectively become trainers for their respective clubs. Despite this, Tsubasa is initially not chosen to play for the national championship, though they request for additional training and is ultimately selected. They and Mizushima have become friends and are facing a group of ambitious juniors unhappy with the team's current leadership. Meanwhile, a love rival for Tsubasa appears in the form of Akane Sawa, a junior member of the baseball club insisting that Tsubasa is merely hindering Daisuke, especially when Daisuke is handicapped after a training and has little chance to apply for the regional championship. To cheer them up, Tsubasa arranges for the entire brass band club to play an orchestra in front of Daisuke's ward. Daisuke eventually recovers enough for them to participate as a replacement member.
At the regional championship, Shirato's baseball team initially loses track until Daisuke emerges as the team's replacement catcher. In the next half-inning, Daisuke is able to score a walkoff home run, thus winning the champion title. That afternoon, Tsubasa visits the school's hall of fame and is approached by Daisuke, who confesses their love for them They accept and the two kiss.
During the credits, Shirato's brass band team is shown participating in the national championship and winning the gold medal.
Cast
Tao Tsuchiya as Tsubasa Ono
Ryoma Takeuchi as Daisuke Yamada
as Aki Mizushima
as Yasushi Kido
Fujiko Kojima as Hitomi Kasuga
Airi Matsui as Himari Wakita
Yuna Taira as Akane Sawa
Yuki Yamada as Kota Usui
Mirai Shida as Yuka Mori
Juri Ueno as Yoko Sugimura
Reception
The film grossed on its opening weekend in Japan and was third placed by number of admissions, with around 160,000.
References
External links
Yell for the Blue Sky - Toho
Japanese drama films
2010s Japanese films
Live-action films based on manga
Films directed by Takahiro Miki
Aozora Yell
Toho films
2016 drama films
CG-2 (Carretera General 2) is a road of the Andorra Road Network that connects Escaldes-Engordany to the border with France.
This road starts at to Encamp roundabout, CG-1 and ends at the Dos Valires Tunnel in the French border (N22). It is also called Carretera de França.
References
Roads in Andorra
Reverend Stanley St John Redwood (born 3 March 1965) is a Jamaican minister and former politician from the People's National Party. They were the 10th President of the Senate of Jamaica, serving from 18 January 2012 to 10 May 2013.
A former Moravian minister and the founder of the New Holland Church, Redwood served in leadership positions within several universities before entering politics. After unsuccessful bids for a seat in the Jamaican House of Representatives in 2002 and 2007, they were appointed to the Senate after the 2011 general election. Redwood's decision to resign from the Senate and emigrate to Canada with their family in May 2013 was controversial, although Redwood promised to return to Jamaica after settling their family abroad.
Early life
Stanley Redwood was born on 3 March 1965 in Joint Wood, Saint Elizabeth Parish, Jamaica. In 1989 Redwood received a Diploma in Ministerial Studies and a Bachelor of Arts in Theology from the United Theological College of the West Indies, and became a Moravian minister. They were appointed to a leadership position over several Moravian Churches in Manchester Parish, to the east of Saint Elizabeth Parish.
Redwood would go on to serve in a number of administrative roles in academia. In 1995 they became the Dean of Studies at the Jamaica Bible College. In 1996 they began tutoring and supervising the studies of theological students at the International University of the Caribbean (IUC). They became a full-time employee of the IUC in 2005, and served at different times as a lecturer, regional dean, and assistant vice-president at the IUC. In the late 1990s Redwood also held positions with the Social Development Commission and the National Youth Service.
By the time Redwood began their political career, they had been unaffiliated with the Moravian Church, which has a strict prohibition against pastors entering politics, for several years. Subsequent to their break from the Moravian Church, Redwood founded the New Holland Church in Saint Elizabeth Parish.
Political career
In 2002 Redwood ran for the Saint Elizabeth North Western seat in the Jamaican House of Representatives, one of four seats belonging to Saint Elizabeth Parish, as a member of the People's National Party. Redwood claimed that their social work led them into politics, and they campaigned on a platform of bringing infrastructure and a university to the district. Their opponent was incumbent representative William J.C. Hutchinson of the Jamaica Labour Party, a first term representative that won the position by 504 votes in a four-way contest during the 1997 general election. A second opponent, Harold Smith of the National Democratic Movement/New Jamaica Alliance, dropped out of the race, citing a medical condition. Although the People's National Party won the 2002 general election overall, Hutchinson retained their seat, defeating Redwood by 247 votes out of 10,903 casts.
In 2003 Redwood was a candidate for one of fifteen seats in the Saint Elizabeth North West local government. The seat, representing Ipswich, had been declared vacant after its previous holder failed to appear for several meetings. After the local election was delayed several times, Redwood withdrew for consideration, citing financial strain caused by the ongoing campaign.
In the 2007 general election, Redwood ran for the Saint Elizabeth South Western seat. The position was held by Donald Buchanan of the People's National Party, who was not seeking re-election. Redwood openly praised Buchanan, and campaigned on continuing their legacy. Redwood's opponent was the Christopher Tufton of the Jamaica Labour Party. In a March 2007 poll, 62% of respondents held favorable views of Tufton, while only 21% held favorable views of Redwood. More respondents (29%) held unfavorable views of Redwood than held favorable views. Garwin Davis of the Jamaica Gleaner posited that Redwood's support of Buchanan may be detrimental to Redwood's campaign, as 59% of respondents held an unfavorable view of the outgoing representative. Additionally, over twice as many respondents had met Tufton than had met Redwood. The Jamaica Labour Party won the general election, and Tufton defeated Redwood by a margin of 1,825 votes out of 17,973 casts.
Following the 2011 general election, which saw the People's National Party regain the majority, Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller named Redwood to the Senate of Jamaica, where they were immediately named President of the Senate. They were one of six new senators, and one of five new senators from the ruling People's National Party. Redwood and 62 other new members to the Parliament were sworn in on 17 January 2012.
In April 2013, news broke that Redwood would be resigning from the Senate and emigrating to Canada with their family. Redwood formally resigned on 10 May 2013, ending a sixteen-month term in the Jamaican Parliament. Redwood claimed that they filed the application to emigrate to Canada five years before, following their loss in the 2007 general election, and that they did not know if or when their application would be accepted. They expressed a desire to return to Jamaica after settling their family, and to continue to serve Jamaica from abroad, saying "I am cognisant of the fact that this decision will inevitably disrupt my service as president of the Senate. I harbour a great deal of ambivalence and reticence in this regard. I am certain, however, that this move will open new doors and create more opportunities for me to continue to serve my beloved country among the growing Jamaican Diaspora in Canada." Their decision to move was criticized, however, from both the opposition Jamaica Labour Party and by members of the media. Alando Terrelonge, the legal adviser for Jamaica Labour Party's youth wing, Generation 2000, called their decision "cowardice", and continued that "It is a cause for great concern that Redwood would run faster than the many university graduates and civil servants, who have similar options, but who instead make the sacrifice to fight for the Jamaica we all believe in". The Jamaica Gleaners column "The Gavel" criticized Redwood for campaigning for a "Jamaica-first doctrine" which would exclude dual-citizens from Parliament, despite having already filed papers to emigrate from Jamaica.
In their farewell address to the Senate, Redwood implored the body to move towards full political independence from Great Britain, hold a discussion on adopting nuclear energy, form a powerful anti-corruption agency, and improve Jamaican productivity.
References
1965 births
Clergy of the Moravian Church
Living people
People's National Party (Jamaica) politicians
People from Saint Elizabeth Parish
University of the West Indies alumni
Alumni of the United Theological College, Jamaica
Jamaican people of the Moravian Church
Teall may refer to:
People
Alfred Teall
Billy Teall (1914–?), English rugby league football player
Francis A. Teall (1822–1894), American editor
Jethro Teall (1849–1924), British geologist and petrographist
Places
Cape Teall
Teall Island
Teall Nunatak
Sara Nuru (born 19 August 1989) is a German fashion model and entrepreneur. They were the winner of the fourth cycle of Germany's Next Top Model.
Since 2016, Nuru has been running nuruCoffee, a fair trade coffee company, and supporting Ethiopian women with microcredits through their non-profit nuruWomen.
Early life
Nuru's parents are Ethiopian emigrants of Amhara ethnic heritage. Them mother, Mulu is a Christian and their father, Hussein is Muslim. They have two sisters.
In 1999 Nuru moved to Munich with their family. They speak four languages: German, English, Arabic and a little bit of Amharic, their parents' native language.
Career
During high school, a friend of Nuru's persuaded them to participate in the fourth cycle casting of Germany's Next Topmodel in Munich. Nuru was chosen as one of the finalists and won jobs for Sony Ericsson and Gillette during the competition. On 21 May 2009, Nuru was announced as the fourth cycle's winner and the first Ethiopian winner. Unlike the three previous winners of Germany's Next Topmodel, Nuru did not win a modeling contract with IMG Models, but with the Heidi Klum GmbH, whose manager is Heidi's father Günther Klum.
Before Nuru won Germany's Next Topmodel, they had already been given the opportunity to gain experience as a model for friendly designers after they were approached by a photographer when they were 15 years old. They appeared in a fashion show held in Dresden which also featured cycle 3's winner Jennifer Hof.
In 2009, Nuru started a modeling career. They walked in shows in London Fashion Week London, New York Fashion Week New York, Milan Fashion Week Milan and Berlin Fashion Week Berlin, such as Escada Laurèl, Guido Maria Kretschmer, Gant, Cesar Galindo NY, Custo Barcelona and Roberto Cavalli.
In September 2022 they joined the criticism of Germany's Next Topmodel as they said: "I was not aware of how blatantly young women were treated there. It was as if I had blinders on, a lot is me I wasn't aware of it even as a participant. I'm still horrified by how young women are treated."
Philanthropy
Since 2012, Nuru has been an ambassador for Karlheinz Böhm's charity Menschen für Menschen, with a focus on Ethiopia. In 2018, Germany's Minister for Economic Cooperation and Development Gerd Müller appointed them as Special Ambassador for Sustainable Consumption and Production. They also work with advocacy and campaigning organization ONE.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
German female models
German people of Ethiopian descent
Germany's Next Topmodel winners
People from Erding
Ethiopian female models
North Lambton Secondary School is a Canadian public school in Forest, Ontario. It is operated by the Lambton Kent District School Board. It was originally named Forest High School and subsequently Forest District High School. Around 480 students are currently attending NLSS. Its feeder elementary schools are Plympton-Wyoming (Aberarder Central School), Watford (East Lambton and St. Peter Canisius), Grand Bend (Grand Bend Public) and Forest (St. John Fisher and Kinnwood Central) as well as Hillside School on the Kettle and Stony Point First Nation and Bosanquet Central outside Thedford.
History
Until the 1880s, students seeking to go beyond a basic elementary school education would have to board in larger centers such as Sarnia, where a district grammar school had been established in 1844. The abolition of the district grammar schools in 1871 led to the creation of collegiate institutes and high schools, the former devoted to traditional forms of education and the latter catering to male and female students in subject areas like English and the natural sciences. Students living in larger cities who planned to further their education at university were more likely to attend collegiate institutes. However, in communities such as Forest the development of high schools provided a base for those wishing to continue their studies at normal school or university.
In 1890, Forest's first permanent high school was built for $6,300 with Principal James H. Philip and four additional teachers serving approximately 160 students. Prior to this Forest had been served by a Model School. The school was gradually enlarged but suffered a catastrophic fire in 1940 at which point it was substantially rebuilt. Over the subsequent decades, enrolments increased due to the demographic increase of the "Baby Boom" and an increasing demand for higher education. The last major addition to the school was completed in the early 1970s.
With the creation of the Lambton County Board of Education in 1969, Forest District High School was renamed North Lambton Secondary School. Plans for the expansion of the school were tentatively approved in the spring of 1969 which would see $1 million spent on increasing student capacity from 750 to 1,200. Subsequent estimates indicated that $579,520 was required to make these alterations.
In 2015 the school celebrated its 125th anniversary.
Fine arts
North Lambton has a variety of courses including drama, vocals, visual art, concert band and jazz band. The drama department puts on two major productions each year. The shows usually include a murder-mystery in the fall put on by the senior drama class, and a spring musical featuring students from the school-wide drama club.
Twice a year the music department hosts Music Night to showcase the work of the Grade 9 Band, the Senior Band, and the Jazz Band, as well as the Vocals class and club.
In the fall, the drama department hosts the Coffee House Concert where all students, North Lambton Alumni, and community members are invited to come perform musically or recite poems.
Athletic programs
Varsity athletics
Cross-country
Track and field
Soccer - Lost in LKSSAA Finals
Basketball
Volleyball
Golf - Advanced to SWOSSAA
Badminton
Curling - OFSAA 2018/19
Tennis
Hockey
Junior varsity athletics
Volleyball
Cross-country
Basketball - Girls lost in SWOSSAA Finals
Golf
Track and field
See also
List of high schools in Ontario
References
High schools in Lambton County
Educational institutions established in 1890
1890 establishments in Ontario
Robot Goes Here was an electropunk solo project from Ithaca, New York, on Infidel Records, by Dave Rand (now a professor of Psychology, Economics, and Management at Yale University).
Dave Rand, originally from Ithaca, New York, spent their teenage years playing guitar, bass, and singing in punk bands and touring the east coast. When Location disbanded in 2004, Rand began to write for this new project. In Robot Goes Here, they performed alone on stage with a laptop and microphone, with synthesized sounds and samples taking the place of guitar amps in this computer generated hardcore band. "Start with a computer kid in a punk rock band, take away the band and this is what you get," said Rand of their evolution.
Robot Goes Here's debut full-length album, The Byte Is In Your Blood, was written and recorded in the period that Rand was graduating from Cornell University. It was mixed by Ray Martin (Gorillaz, Iggy Pop, Mindless Self Indulgence) and Ted Young (Taking Back Sunday, Bouncing Souls, Andrew W.K.). The album covers topics from "When the Well Runs Dry," which contemplates how savage anyone could be under desperate circumstances, to "What All The Screaming's About," a celebration of the struggle between emotion and technology. In "Seeing Green," a chaotic diatribe on waste and consumerism, Rand sings, "I found the idea for this song at the bottom of a dumpster, along with a book on conservation and a bottle of shampoo." The album also includes a cover of AC/DC's "Back in Black."
The Byte Is In My Blood was followed by an EP of covers titled Mechanical Advantage. This EP included covers of Iron Maiden's The Trooper, Anti-Flag's Die for the Government, Nancy's DIY, AC/DC's Back in Black, and Sesame Street's Live on the Moon.
Robot Goes Here was featured on NPR's nationally syndicated Here and Now program along with their involvement in the Antenna Alliance. "When The Well Runs Dry" is on millions of laptops sent to children in developing countries as part of MIT's One Laptop Per Child initiative. The "What All The Screaming's About" music video was selected for the 2006 No Exit international film festival and two Robot Goes Here instrumental songs are on the soundtrack for the Eyeball Knights 4 video game.
Dave Rand also performs acoustic songs under the moniker Gertler's Law, including a number of Robot Goes Here covers. All songs of both projects are freely downloadable on BandCamp.
References
External links
Robot Goes Here at BandCamp.com
Robot Goes Here at Last.fm
Robot Goes Here at YouTube
David Rand's academic webpage
Musicians from New York (state)
Musicians from Massachusetts
1982 births
Living people
Paraccra chorogiae is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Kenya.
The wingspan is about 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is dark grey. The costa, apex and costal half of the termen pale orange, the costa with black dots. There are some red markings. The hindwings are dark brown.
Etymology
The species name refers to the type locality.
References
Endemic moths of Kenya
Moths described in 2012
Tortricini
Moths of Africa
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Bănel Nicoliță (born 7 January 1985) is a Romanian professional footballer, currently under contract with CS Făurei.
Club career
Dacia Unirea Brăila and Politehnica Timișoara
They made their debut in Romanian Liga II, playing for Dacia Unirea Brăila. After, they joined Politehnica Timișoara, making their Divizia A debut at the age of 19. However, they made only 15 league appearances for the club before moving to Steaua București, at the beginning of 2005, they signed a 5-year contract with Steaua.
Steaua București
Shortly after joining Steaua, Nicoliță won their first Liga I title upon their first season with the team.  They are known as a humble and hard-working, though not very technical, speed and quickness are their strengths. Interestingly enough on the video game PES 6 their skill set as a player matched all their commonly agreed upon strengths (including being humble), but they were also graced with technical ability and was able to play very effectively as a box to box midfielder with very tidy feet.
In the spring of 2006, they scored twice in the match against Real Betis, their goals opening Steaua's door to the quarterfinals of the UEFA Cup, and then they scored again in the quarterfinals, this time against Rapid București to help their team reach the semifinals.
On 1 November 2006, they scored an own goal against Real Madrid in a Champions League encounter. Unfortunately for them and the Romanian side, this turned out to be decisive in the outcome of the match. They claimed they couldn't sleep for 48 hours after scoring it. After a game with FC Argeș, Romanian newspaper Gazeta Sporturilor named them Bănelinho.
On 27 August 2008, they have scored one goal in the match against Galatasaray, in the third qualifying round of UEFA Champions League, which sent Steaua București to the group stage for the third consecutive year.
Starting with the 2010–11 season, Bănel was the new captain of Steaua, but with the arrival of new coach Ilie Dumitrescu, they soon gave their armband to Cristian Tănase.
Saint-Étienne
On 30 August 2011, Saint-Étienne announced on their official website that they had found agreement with Steaua for Nicoliță's transfer and that the player would fly to France and undergo a medical the following day. Being in their last year of contract with Steaua București the transfer fee was €700.000. They signed a contract worth €400.000 per year.
On 6 November they scored their first goal helping Saint-Étienne draw against second place Montpellier. In a game against Sochaux Nicoliță offered the assist for teenager Zouma to give Saint-Étienne the win. After only six months with the French team they became a leader scoring 3 goals and offering 3 assists after their first 11 appearances. In February 2012 Nicoliță hit a rough patch, having a couple of not so convincing games, being described as monotonous. In March, they were sidelined for a couple of weeks, due to ligament problems. They recovered in late March 2012 and played in the games against Montpellier and Olympique Lyonnais, both 1–0 defeats.
Loan to Nantes
On 2 September 2013, Ligue 1 club FC Nantes confirmed Nicoliță was signed on a season long loan from Saint-Étienne.
They made an assist for their first match against FC Sochaux.
International career
Nicoliță won 34 caps for Romania up to date and scored one goal. They also used to be a Romanian U21 international.
On 25 March 2008, they were decorated by the president of Romania, Traian Băsescu for the results on Qualifying to EURO 2008 and qualification to UEFA Euro 2008 Group C with Medalia "Meritul Sportiv" — (The Medal "The Sportive Merit") class II with two barrets.
They were captain for the first time in the friendly against San Marino on 11 August 2011.
Personal life
Nicoliță is an ethnic Romani/Gypsy, one of six brothers raised by their mother in the small, impoverished town of Făurei, Nicoliță grew up determined to succeed and their speed and diligence on the field are proof of their unalloyed passion for the game.
One of their brothers, Stelian is also a professional footballer who played for CF Brăila and other teams in the lower leagues of Romania. Bănel and Stelian played together at their hometown team CS Făurei.
Nicoliță has been nicknamed Jardel after the famous Mário Jardel of Brazil.
Career statistics
Club
Statistics accurate as of match played 2 September 2014
International goals
Scores and results list Romania's goal tally first. "Score" column indicates the score after the player's goal.
Honours
References
External links
Official FCSB profile
1985 births
Living people
People from Brăila County
Romanian Romani people
Romanian footballers
Romani sportspeople
Association football wingers
Association football fullbacks
Liga I players
Liga III players
Ligue 1 players
Cypriot First Division players
AFC Dacia Unirea Brăila players
FC Politehnica Timișoara players
FC Steaua București players
AS Saint-Étienne players
FC Nantes players
FC Viitorul Constanța players
ASA 2013 Târgu Mureș players
Aris Limassol FC players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Romania under-21 international footballers
Romania international footballers
UEFA Euro 2008 players
Romanian football managers
Rodney Pora is a professional rugby league footballer who played in the 2000s and 2010s. They played for Agmark Gurias in Papua New Guinea.  They are a Papua New Guinea international.
They have been named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
They were named in the PNG squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
Pora was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup.
References
External links
Living people
Papua New Guinean rugby league players
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Mendi Muruks players
Rabaul Gurias players
Rugby league props
Whitehaven R.L.F.C. players
Year of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Harmon County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Harmon County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 4 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Harmon County
California's 12th State Assembly district is one of 80 California State Assembly districts. It is currently represented by Republican Heath Flora of Ripon.
District profile
The district consists of part of the northern San Joaquin Valley, adjacent to the Gold Country. The district is centered on Modesto, one of the valley's major population centers.
San Joaquin County – 22.3%
Escalon
Lathrop
Manteca
Ripon
Stanislaus County – 60.1%
Hughson
Modesto – 61.6%
Oakdale
Riverbank
Turlock
Waterford
Election results from statewide races
List of Assembly Members
Due to redistricting, the 12th district has been moved around different parts of the state. The current iteration resulted from the 2011 redistricting by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission.
Election results 1992 - present
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
2010
2008
2006
2004
2002
2000
1998
1996
1994
1992
See also
California State Assembly
California State Assembly districts
Districts in California
References
External links
District map from the California Citizens Redistricting Commission
12
Government of San Joaquin County, California
Government of Stanislaus County, California
San Joaquin Valley
Modesto, California
Oakdale, California
Turlock, California
Load path analysis is a technique of mechanical and structural engineering used to determine the path of maximum stress in a non-uniform load-bearing member in response to an applied load. Load path analysis can be used to minimize the material needed in the load-bearing member to support the design load.
Load path analysis may be performed using the concept of a load transfer index, U*. In a structure, the main portion of the load is transferred through the stiffest route. The U* index represents the internal stiffness of every point within the structure. Consequently, the line connecting the highest U* values is the main load path. In other words, the main load path is the ridge line of the U* distribution (contour) This method of analysis has been verified in physical experimentation.
Load path calculation using U* index
In a structure, the main portion of the load is transferred through the stiffest route. The U* index represents the internal stiffness of every point within the structure. Consequently, the line connecting the highest U* values is the main load path. In other words, the main load path is the ridge line of the U* distribution (contour). The U* index theory has been validated through two different physical experiments.
Since the U* index predicts the load paths based on the structural stiffness, it is not affected by the stress concentration problems. The load transfer analysis using the U* index is a new design paradigm for vehicle structural design. It has been applied in design analysis and optimization by automotive manufacturers like Honda and Nissan.
In the image to the right, a structural member with a central hole is placed under load bearing stress. Figure (a) shows the U* distribution and the resultant load paths while figure (b) is the von Mises Stress distribution. As can be seen from figure (b), higher stresses can be observed at the vicinity of the hole. However, it is unreasonable to conclude the main load passes that area with stress concentration because the hole (which has no material) is not important for carrying the load. The stress concentration caused by the structural singularities like a hole or a notch makes the load transfer analysis more difficult.
References
Mechanical engineering
Stebonheath Park (Welsh: Parc Stebonheath) is a multi-use stadium in Llanelli, West Wales with a capacity of 3,700. It is primarily used as a football ground and is the home of Llanelli Town A.F.C. It was also used for athletics and Llanelli Amateur Athletic Club (Llanelli AAC) were based at the stadium. It is owned by Llanelli Town Council. From 2015 West Wales Raiders rugby league club used the stadium for their debut season in the Conference League South but are now based at the park on a permanent basis as they compete in the RFL professional tier as the only professional rugby league team in South Wales.
History
Stebonheath Park has been used as a football ground since 1920. It almost hosted League football in the 1930s but the club lost out coming second in the vote. At the time the ground had a large wooden grandstand, a covered end terrace and a large bank on the south side, and it could easily have been developed into a Third Division ground. The stand was subsequently demolished and the ground re-shaped to allow the building of an adjacent by-pass road.
Stebonheath Park was home to the Wales national rugby league team in the 1930s. Here Wales were crowned European Champions, after defeating England 17–9, on 10 November 1938. Frank Whitcombe made their debut for Wales in this game.
The stadium has been owned by Llanelli Town Council since 1977. The council undertook major redevelopments of the stadium which included floodlighting, a new 700-seater main stand, new terracing, a function room social club as well as all-weather training facilities for the athletics club. In July 2008, a new open seated stand was built on existing terracing along one side of the ground with about 300 seats.
Around the pitch is a narrow 400-metre running track with four lanes on each straight. It is the narrowest 400m track in the United Kingdom.
On 28 February 2006 the stadium hosted an international match between Wales Under-21s and Northern Ireland Under-21s, with the Northern Irish side winning 1–0.
Local junior football finals are held at the stadium. The Welsh Cup Final has been staged at the stadium including the 2002–03 season final between Barry Town and Cwmbran Town as well as the 2004–05 final between Total Network Solutions and Carmarthen Town. On 6 May 2007 Stebonheath Park staged the 120th Welsh Cup final between Carmarthen Town and Afan Lido.
On 31 October 2008 the stadium hosted a Victory Shield match between Wales under-16 and England under-16 which was shown live on Sky Sports.
In 2016 it held a 2017 Rugby League World Cup Qualifier between Wales and Serbia.
Llanelli AFC
Although the stadium was the home of Llanelli AFC, they used to play major games at Stradey Park which had a capacity of 10,800. Stradey Park was demolished in late 2008 and an option for major games was the then newly built 14,340 capacity Parc y Scarlets.
The new open seated stand at Stebonheath Park enabled Llanelli to host European matches, the first being a UEFA Champions League qualifier against Latvian club FK Ventspils in July 2008.
Llanelli AAC
Llanelli AAC, which was formed in 1978, is based at the stadium and caters for all standards of track and field athletics, cross-country running and road running.
Raiders RL
West Wales Raiders RL relocated to Llanelli in 2014 and struck up a deal to play at the stadium with the local council in preparation for the debut season in the Conference league south where they finished third. The West Wales Raiders Rugby League Club previously known as Raiders RL is the most established Rugby league club[1] in West Wales formed in January 2015.[2] Formerly called Gwendreath Valley Raiders they moved to Llanelli when the club gained entry into the Conference League South which is level 4 of the Rugby League system. In 2017, Andrew Thorne purchased the semi professional League 1 club South Wales Ironmen, relocating the club immediately to Llanelli. The Ironmen will rebrand as West Wales Raiders from 2018 onwards.
They also have links with one of the oldest university rugby league teams in Wales the Warpigs from Swansea University. The raiders have taken over the running and coaching of the university rugby league team since 2017.
The Raiders first ever match was an away friendly against Aberystwyth University in February which they won 72–6. Their first league match was a home derby win against the defending champions Valley Cougars 34–6, captain Alan Pope scoring the club's first try. The game was watched by over 370 spectators.
Records
The record attendance for football at Stebonheath Park is 1,410 for a Welsh Premier League football match between Llanelli and Barry Town on 14 January 2000.
The biggest ever crowd at Stebonheath Park was for a Rugby League match on 23 November 1935 where Wales beat France in front of a crowd of over 25,000 fans.
References
Sport in Llanelli
Llanelli Town A.F.C.
Football venues in Wales
Welsh Cup final venues
Buildings and structures in Carmarthenshire
Stadiums in Llanelli
Sports venues completed in 1920
Rugby league stadiums in Wales
Weinzierlein (colloquially: "Wáindserla") is a village in the town of Zirndorf in the Central Franconian district of Fürth in Bavaria, Germany.
Geography
Together with Wintersdorf to the east, Weinzierlein forms a contiguous settlement and lies on the southern banks of the Bibert and on the stream of the Roßtaler Mühlbach, which empties into the Bibert from the right in the village. To the southwest it is bounded by the woods of Erlach, to the northwest on the far side of the Bibert is the forest of Streitlach, with the hill of Weinberg. To the south rises the Mäusbuck.
Population growth
Gemeinde Weinzierlein
Ort Weinzierlein
Religion
Since the Reformation the village has been predominantly Protestant. Those who are Evangelical-Lutheran are part of the parish of St. Laurence (Roßtal); Roman-Catholics are part of the church of Christ the King (Roßtal).
Culture
Weinzierlein is the location of one of the fictitious "Schafkopf Academies", known by locals in the Nuremberg region as the "card playing school" ("Kartelschule"), see also Schafkopf language.
The carnival of Kärwa takes place annually on the first weekend in August in Weinzierlein.
References
Literature
Festschrift „75 Jahre Stadt Zirndorf“, 1987.
Johann Kaspar Bundschuh: Weinzirlein. In: Geographisches Statistisch-Topographisches Lexikon von Franken. Band 6: V–Z. Verlag der Stettinischen Buchhandlung, Ulm 1804, DNB 790364328, OCLC 833753116, Sp. 133 (Digitalisat).
August Gebeßler: Stadt und Landkreis Fürth (= Bayerische Kunstdenkmale. Band 18). Deutscher Kunstverlag, München 1963, DNB 451450957, S. 170–171.
Hanns Hubert Hofmann: Nürnberg-Fürth (= Historischer Atlas von Bavaria, Teil Franken. I, 4). Kommission für Bayerische Landesgeschichte, München 1954, DNB 452071224, S. 187 (Digitalisat).Ebd. S. 234–235 (Digitalisat).
Wolfgang Wiessner: Stadt und Landkreis Fürth (= Historisches Ortsnamenbuch von Bavaria, Mittelfranken. Band 1). Kommission für Bayerische Landesgeschichte, München 1963, DNB 455524629, S. 101–102.
External links
Fürth (district)
Villages in Bavaria
Mrityudaata () is a 1997 Indian Hindi-language action drama film directed by Mehul Kumar with music by Anand Milind. The film is considered to be a comeback role for Amitabh Bachchan, who temporarily left the industry in 1992. This film was produced by their own production company called Amitabh Bachchan Corporation Limited (ABCL), which produced films like Tere Mere Sapne and distributed several films such as Kali Ratnam's Bombay Boy and Shekhar Kapur's Bandit Queen. It marked Amitabh Bachanan's comeback after five years, but was a flop at the box office. Sunny Deol was offered Arbaaz Ali Khan's role, but declined as they were shooting for the movie Border.
One of the songs in the film picturized on Amitabh and Daler Mehndi was very popular when released.
Mrityudata's premier show was held in Jaipur, Rajasthan, India in the month of April, 1997. Live coverage was organised by Star Plus Channel which was advertised locally by VComm, Jaipur headed by Mr. Sandeep Prabhakar. This was the first and last premier of any Bollywood movie held in Jaipur till date (April, 2018). This event was organised in Raj Mandir (one of the most unique movie theatres in India and Pinkcity).
Plot
Dr Ram Prasad Ghayal (Amitabh Bachchan) is a renowned doctor who has been successful in all the operations in their career and has skillfully operated many delicate surgeries. They live with their wife Janki (Dimple Kapadia) and brother Bharat (Arbaaz Ali Khan). Bharat is in love with Renu (Karishma Kapoor), the daughter of Umeshchan Jain (Tiku Talsania). At the same time, Raja Tunga (Deepak Tijori), the brother of Rana Tunga (Mukesh Rishi) has a longing for Renu. The miscreant Raja with their mob severely assaults Bharat when Bharat resists Raja's advances towards Renu.
A corrupt minister Mohanlal (Ashish Vidyarthi) wants to execute a disastrous scheme called "Pawanghat Power Project" at the expense of the lives and property of the tribes living at the project site. They coax and later threatens Bharat, the concerned engineer to sign their approval for the project, whereas Bharat refuses to endorse such a scheme. On the other hand, Rana devises an evil plot against Bharat to wipe the latter out eventually leading to their brother Raja winning Renu. Bharat is framed for murdering a woman and Inspector Danapani (Mushtaq Khan), a subordinate of Rana, arrests them and puts them behind bars. Woefully, Bharat dies in jail presumably by committing suicide. The agony of Bharat's death claims the life of Janki as well. With the death of their beloved wife and brother, Dr Ram becomes desolate and alcoholic. Renu marries Raja, without any regret for the death of their former lover.
Now that Bharat is dead, Mohanlal conspires with Rana for the implementation of the power project. However, they end up becoming enemies of each other. Mohanlal plans to kill Raja. Their henchmen attack Raja who is critically injured. Raja is admitted to hospital where Dr Ram is to conduct their operation. Renu fears that Dr Ram may kill Raja to take vengeance for the death of their brother. They refuse to sign the operation papers, but Dr Ram, who considers it their moral duty to save the life of a patient regardless of them being their friend or foe, conducts the operation. Their expertise pays off as Raja is saved. They go out to convey the news to Renu, but returns to find Raja dead, beyond all their expectations. Renu files an F.I.R. against Dr Ram, who is arrested and imprisoned.
In jail, Dr Ram meets an inmate bearing the number 92, Prof Nizamuddin Azad (Pran), a scientist of "Bharat Atomic Energy". They have been jailed after a false allegation of revealing confidential nuclear formulae to foreign nations. They tell Dr Ram that their brother Bharat did not commit suicide, but was tortured to death by Insp. Danapani, which they witnessed. Dr Ram now realises that their past misfortune was a result of the evil motives of some antagonists of the nation. They become the Angel of Death (Mrityudaata), who will put all those malefactors to death.
Dr Ram breaks away from jail and nabs Insp. Danapani who says that Mohanlal planned the murder of Bharat using their influence over police. They also say that Raja was killed by Dr Siddiqui (Avtar Gill) by cutting off the oxygen supply after Mohanlal bribed them to kill Raja. Dr Ram kicks Danapani off the building to their death.
Meanwhile, Mohanlal has allied with another influential politician, Trilochan Tripathi, a.k.a. TT or Terror of Terrors (Paresh Rawal), who keeps up an honest appearance among the masses, but works for their own interests at the cost of the welfare of the public. Dr Ram corners Dr Siddiqui at the roof of Umeshchan Jain's house, who confesses to killing Raja, and accepting a bribe from Mohanlal. Dr Ram captures a video of Dr Siddiqui's revelation before putting them to death. Soon, Dr Ram kills Mohanlal.
One day, Trilochan Tripathi addresses a gathering when Dr Ram publicly puts a video on view in which Tripathi signs an agreement with a foreign syndicate related to "Pawanghat Power Project". Later, Tripathi would fool the public with false promises of power distribution. The enraged crowd chases Tripathi through the streets when Rana arrives for their rescue. Rana fires at Dr Ram who burns Rana and Tripathi to death.
The movie ends after Dr Ram succumbs to their injuries.
Cast
Amitabh Bachchan as Dr. Ram Prasad Ghayal
Dimple Kapadia as Mrs. Janki Ghayal
Karishma Kapoor as Renuka Jain
Arbaaz Ali Khan as Bharat Prasad Ghayal
Paresh Rawal as Trilochan Tripathi (T.T.) / Terror of Terrors
Mukesh Rishi as Rana Tonga
Ashish Vidyarthi as Mohanlal
Tiku Talsania as Umeshchan Jain
Avtaar Gill as Dr. Rahim Siddiqui
Mushtaq Khan as Police Inspector Danapani
Deepak Tijori as Raja Tonga
Aasif Sheikh as Mohanlal's son
Farida Jalal as Mrs. Ghayal
Pran as Professor Nizamuddin Azad / Prisoner #92
Dinesh Hingoo as Maslani
Daler Mehndi as themselves (Special appearance in song "Na Na Re")
Reception
The film opened well with cinemas at 95% capacity however, attendance dropped in the second week falling to 45% capacity with disappointing grosses.
Soundtrack
Music composed by Anand–Milind, their only film with Amitabh Bachchan. Lyrics by Sameer.
3 million audio cassettes were sold. The soundtrack was a successful release for ABCL.
References
External links
1997 films
1990s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Anand–Milind
1990s action drama films
Indian action drama films
Indian films about revenge
Films about corruption in India
Law enforcement in India
Films directed by Mehul Kumar
Nurul Kabir () is a Bangladeshi journalist, writer, columnist, editor, and activist.  They are the editor of the outspoken Bangladeshi newspaper, New Age and the editor of the Bengali weekly Budhbar. Nairbachanik Swairatantra O Ganatantrer Sangram and The Red Moulana are two of their most well-known books.
Education
Nurul Kabir received a Bachelor of Law degree from the University of Dhaka in 1983, and a Master of Arts degree in English from the same university in 1984. Also, Kabir studied advanced journalism at the Thompson Foundation in the UK in 1988, and was awarded the Jefferson fellowship for studying journalism at the East-West Center, the University of Hawaii at Manoa, Hawaii, the US, in 2004.
Activism
During their student life at Dhaka University, Kabir was a left-wing student leader and activist, who played an active role in forming the Students Committee of Action for Democracy in 1983; the Committee played a decisive role in fighting against the martial law regime during the eighties.
Journalism
Kabir is the editor of the New Age, the most outspoken newspaper in Bangladesh, highly regarded for its anti-establishment editorial policy. They were also the editor of the Bengali weekly Budhbar. Known for their upright journalism and bold political views, Kabir wrote many books, published numerous essays at both home and abroad, and presented many papers at regional, national, and international conferences.
Because of their opposition to the military regime of Bangladesh and their defence of media freedom, Kabir has been attacked on several occasions. In 2007/8 they had both their legs broken and was chased by gunmen on motorbikes.
Selected publications
The Red Moulana (2012)
Nairbachanik Swairatantra O Ganatantrer Sangram (2012)
Kathokota (a collection of interviews) (2014)
Disposing of a Dictator: Revisiting a Magnificent Mass Uprising after 50 Years (2020)
References
Bangladeshi male writers
Bangladeshi journalists
Bangladeshi Marxists
University of Dhaka alumni
Living people
Bangladeshi editors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Antaninarenina is a town in Atsimo-Atsinanana Region in south-eastern Madagascar.
References
Populated places in Atsimo-Atsinanana
Panagiotis Liagas (; born 5 November 1999) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Super League club Levadiakos.
Honours
Levadiakos
Super League 2: 2021–22
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Levadiakos F.C. players
Association football defenders
People from Evrytania
Footballers from Central Greece
Put It Down may refer to:
"Put It Down" (Redman song), 2007
"Put It Down" (T-Pain & Ray L song), 2007
"Put It Down" (Bun B song), 2010
"Put It Down" (Brandy song), 2012
"Put It Down" (South Park), an episode from the twenty-first season of the series South Park
Kotorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Thede Kahl (born 30 March 1971 in Hamburg) is a German ethnographer and ethnolinguist.  They are the head of the Institute of South Slavic Studies in the University of Jena (in which they are a professor), in Germany. Their research focuses are the Slavs, endangered languages and dialects, minorities of the Balkans and Anatolia and other topics related to ethnography and ethnolinguistics. Kahl has received numerous awards, such as the "Distincția Culturală" diploma from the Romanian Academy.  They are also a member of various organizations like the Austrian Academy of Sciences and editor and co-editor of the journal Symbolae Slavicae. Kahl is considered an expert on Aromanian studies.
References
1971 births
Living people
People from Hamburg
German ethnographers
German editors
20th-century German historians
21st-century German historians
Aromanian studies
Slavists
University of Jena faculty
Lucia V. Streng (November 6, 1909 – April 28, 1995) was a Russian Empire-born American chemist. They spent much of their career studying the noble gases and their properties, successfully synthesizing krypton difluoride. They and their husband, Alex G. Streng, both held positions at Temple University.
Personal life and education
Streng was among the first women to receive a degree in mining engineering from Donetsk Mining Institute. They were born in the Russia Empire. During World War II they fled the Soviet Union with their husband and son. The family settled in West Germany for several years, then emigrated to the United States in 1950. Lucia Streng earned money painting china lamps until they and their husband found positions at Temple University.
Career
Lucia Streng became a research associate at the Temple University Research Institute several years after their husband, Alex G. Streng, was hired as a research chemist. They performed analytical work for the federal Bureau of Mines as well as private companies. In 1963, Streng reported the successful photochemical synthesis of krypton difluoride, a result that no one else was able to produce until 1975.
Streng published a number of papers, often relating to experimental work with the noble gases krypton and xenon. Them contributions were sometimes noted in a manner less formal than shared authorship: in the acknowledgements of one of Alex Streng's papers, they thanked Lucia and another frequent collaborator, Abraham D. Kirshenbaum, for "their contributions in the experimental work."
Lucia Streng retired from the Research Institute in 1975.
References
1909 births
1995 deaths
Inorganic chemists
Soviet chemists
Temple University faculty
Soviet emigrants to Germany
German emigrants to the United States
Bailly may refer to:
People
Alexis Bailly (1798–1860), American politician and fur trader
Alice Bailly (1872–1938), Swiss painter
Anatole Bailly (1833–1911), French Hellenist
Auguste Bailly (1878–1967), French historian and novelist
Benjamin Bailly (born 1990), Belgian racing driver
Blanche Bailly (born 1995), Cameroonian singer
Colette Bailly (born 1928), French pianist and composer
David Bailly (1584–1657), Dutch Golden Age painter
Dominique Bailly (born 1960), French politician
Edmond Bailly (1850–1916), French librarian and publisher
Edmond Bailly (footballer) (), Swiss footballer
Eric Bailly (born 1994), Ivorian footballer
Ernest Joseph Bailly (1753–1823), Flemish painter
François Bailly (–1690), French mason and architect in Canada
Gérard Bailly (born 1940), French politician
Guillaume Bailly (died 1696), French Sulpician missionary to Canada
Henri de Bailly (died 1637), French composer
Henry G. Bailly (1828-1865), American politician and business person
Jacques Bailly (born 1966), Scripps National Spelling Bee's official pronouncer
Jean-Baptiste Bailly (1822–1880), French ornithologist
Jean-Christophe Bailly (born 1949), French writer
Jean Sylvain Bailly (1736–1793), French astronomer and orator, one of the leaders of the early part of the French Revolution
Joseph Bailly (1774–1835), French-Canadian fur trader and pioneer
Joseph A. Bailly (1823 or 1825–1883), American sculptor
Logan Bailly (born 1985), Belgian football goalkeeper
Louis Bailly (1882–1974), French-Canadian violist
Mary Cecilia Bailly (1815-1898), American nun and general superior of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, Indiana
Martine Bailly (born 1946), French cellist
Pierre Bailly (1889–1973), French architect
Rosa Bailly (1890–1976), French teacher, journalist and writer
Sandrine Bailly (born 1979), French biathlete
Séry Bailly (1948–2018), Ivorian academic, politician, and writer
Simon Bailly (), English politician
Thomas Bailly (), English politician
Places
Canada
Bailly Lake (Saint-Cyr River South), Quebec
France
Bailly, Oise
Bailly, Yvelines
Bailly-aux-Forges, Haute-Marne
Bailly-en-Rivière, Seine-Maritime
Bailly-le-Franc, Aube
Bailly-Romainvilliers, Seine-et-Marne
Baily, in the commune of Saint-Bris-le-Vineux, Yonne
Other uses
Bailly (crater), a lunar crater
Bailly Generating Station, in Indiana
Bailiff
See also
Baily (disambiguation)
Bailey (disambiguation)
Boulder Magazine is a glossy four-color publication that has covered the city and county of Boulder, Colorado since 1978. The founder and publisher is Tom Brock. The editor is Mary Jarrett. Boulder Magazine focuses on local events, the arts, sports, business, science, health, politics, history, dining and nightlife. It is published by Brock Media Corp./Brock Publishing Corp. three times a year: on Memorial Day (summer issue), Labor Day (fall issue) and Thanksgiving (winter/spring Issue).
External links
Boulder Magazine
Brock Publishing
Culture of Boulder, Colorado
Myron E. Scott (September 16, 1907 – October 4, 1998) was the creator of the All-American Soap Box Derby.  They are also credited with naming Chevrolet's sports car, the Corvette.
Scott was born in Camden, Ohio. After school hours, they worked for the Dayton Daily News and learned photography, and had pictures published in Life Magazine and other publications.
In 1933, as chief photographer for the Dayton Daily News, they came across a few boys racing one another down a hill in vehicles made of orange crates and soap boxes. With the intention of getting a good photo story and local race with prizes, they persuaded the boys to return with more racers and soapbox cars.
Scott was so enthusiastic with the whole concept that they acquired its copyright; the national-scale Soap Box Derby grew out of this idea. In 1934, Scott managed to persuade 50 cities across the United States to hold soap box car races and send a champion each to Dayton for a major race, a proposal that Chevrolet subsequently sponsored in 1935. The race was later held at Talmadge Hill in Akron, Ohio.
Scott later went on to work for Chevrolet, where they named the Corvette. Chevrolet wanted a non-animal name starting with "C" for the sports car in 1953, and Scott chose the name of a fast ship, the corvette.
References
1907 births
1998 deaths
American entertainment industry businesspeople
People from Camden, Ohio
Businesspeople from Dayton, Ohio
Dayton Daily News
20th-century American businesspeople
Chevrolet Corvette
20th-century American inventors
The South Florida Bulls softball team represents University of South Florida in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the American Athletic Conference. The Bulls are currently led by head coach Ken Eriksen. The team plays its home games at USF Softball Stadium located on the university's main campus in Tampa, Florida.
USF's softball team has won two national championships, both coming before softball was an NCAA sanctioned sport. They won in the American Softball Association in 1983 and 1984. They have also won eight conference championships, seven of which were regular season titles and one of which was in the conference tournament.
History
Pre-NCAA
Before softball officially became an NCAA sport in 1985, the Bulls (known as the Lady Brahmans until 1987) played in the Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women and the American Softball Association. Unfortunately, not many records exist from this era of USF softball, and 1985 is recognized by the school as the first official season of the team as that is the year they joined the NCAA. However, it is known that the team's actual first season of play was in 1973 and that the team went to the AIAW Quarterfinals in 1976 and 1981. After the AIAW disbanded in 1982, the American Softball Association (now USA Softball) took over as the top collegiate governing body for the sport. The Lady Brahmans won the national championship in both years of the ASA before joining the NCAA in 1985, making them the first team in USF history to win a national championship.
Coaching history
Season by season results
Championships
National Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Perfect Games and No Hitters
Perfect Games
USF pitchers have thrown five perfect games in school history:
Leigh Ann Ellis, March 11, 2003, vs. Canisus
Sara Nevins, March 11, 2012, vs. Toledo
Sara Nevins, May 4, 2014, vs. Temple
Georgina Corrick, March 6, 2022, vs. Florida A&M
Georgina Corrick, April 30, 2022 vs. Houston
No Hitters
Bulls pitchers have also thrown 27 no hitters (not including no hitters that were also perfect games):
Lori Romero, 1985
Lori Romero, 1986
Monica Triner, 1996 vs. Bradley
Monica Triner, 1996 vs. Penn State
Jessi Kowal, 2000 vs. St. Louis
Leigh Ann Ellis, 2003 vs. Ball State
Danielle Urbanik, 2004 vs. UAB
Kristen Gordon/Bree Spence, 2007 vs. ETSU
Cristi Ecks, Capri Catalano & Courtney Mosch, 2009 vs. Hofstra
Sara Nevins, 2012 vs. Central Connecticut
Sara Nevins, 2012 vs. Pittsburgh
Lindsey Richardson, 2013 vs. Maine
Sara Nevins, 2013 vs. Pittsburgh
Lindsey Richardson, 2013 vs. Providence
Lindsey Richardson, 2013 vs. Marshall
Sara Nevins/Erica Nuun, 2014 vs Illinois State
Sara Nevins, 2014 vs. UMass
Sara Nevins, 2014 vs. UConn
Sara Nevins, 2014 vs. UCF
Erica Nuun, 2015 vs. Illinois State
Georgina Corrick, 2018 vs. UNF
Georgina Corrick/Vivian Ponn, 2020 vs. FIU
Georgina Corrick, 2021 vs. North Dakota
Georgina Corrick, April 30, 2021 vs. ECU
Georgina Corrick, May 1, 2021 vs. ECU
Georgina Corrick, 2021 vs. Baylor
Georgina Corrick, 2022 vs. ECU
Awards and honors
All-Americans
First team
Leslie Kanter, 1986
Dawn Melfi, 1992
Georgina Corrick, 2022
Second team
Lisa Wunar, 1987
Monica Triner, 1998
Monica Triner, 1999
Holly Groves, 2004
Sara Nevins, 2012
Erica Nuun, 2016
Georgina Corrick, 2019
Third team
Leigh Ann Ellis, 2004
Tiffany Stewart, 2005
Sara Nevins, 2013
Sara Nevins, 2014
Georgina Corrick, 2021
National awards
NFCA National Pitcher of the Year
Georgina Corrick, 2022
Softball America Pitcher of the Year
Georgina Corrick, 2022
NFCA Golden Shoe Award
Alexis Johns (2022)
NCAA Pitching Triple Crown
Georgina Corrick, 2022 (first pitching triple crown in NCAA history)
Conference awards
Sources:
Conference USA Pitcher of the Year
Leigh Ann Ellis, 2004
Conference USA Freshman of the Year
Bree Spence, 2005
Big East Pitcher of the Year
Sara Nevins, 2013
Big East Freshman of the Year
Cristi Ecks, 2006
Capri Catalano, 2008
AAC Player of the Year
Juli Weber, 2016
AAC Pitcher of the Year
Sara Nevins, 2014
Erica Nunn, 2016
Georgina Corrick, 2018, 2019, 2021, 2022
AAC Freshman of the Year
Juli Weber, 2014
Georgina Corrick, 2018
AAC Defensive Player of the Year
Macy Cook, 2019
National Team members
Monica Triner, 2000
Leigh Ann Ellis, 2005–06
Kourtney Salvarola, 2011–13
Lee Ann Spivey, 2013
Erica Nuun, 2013
Sara Nevins, 2013–15
Astin Donovan, 2015–16
Lauren Evans, 2017–present
Georgina Corrick, 2017–present
USF Athletic Hall of Fame
Monica Triner, 1996-99 (inducted 2011)
Sara Nevins, 2011-14 (inducted 2019)
See also
University of South Florida
South Florida Bulls
Notes
References
American Athletic Conference softball
Myców is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 140.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
KMHT (1450 AM, 96.9 FM) is a terrestrial AM radio station, paired with an FM relay translator, broadcasting a sports format.
KMHT-FM (103.9 FM) is a terrestrial FM radio station broadcasting a classic country format. Both facilities, and the translator, are licensed to Marshall in Harrison County, Texas, United States, and serve the Longview-Marshall area. The stations are currently owned by Hanszen Broadcast Group, Inc.
The stations also broadcasts Marshall High School athletics as well as TSN (Texas State Network), Texas Rangers, Houston Astros, Dallas Cowboys, Houston Texans, Dallas Mavericks, the University of Texas Longhorn Athletics, and Texas A&M athletics. Other area high school athletics that KMHT covers include Harleton, Elysian Fields, and Waskom.
History
A group of local veterans returned to Marshall from World War II and took advantage of their right to first preferences of frequencies after the radio frequency freeze was lifted at the end of the war. In 1961, after 14 years of operation, KMHT AM was granted FCC permission to raise the daytime power from 250 watts to 1,000 watts. Shortly thereafter, the FCC approved the operation of 1000 Watts around the clock. A later move to a new transmitter site required lowering the power to 650 watts.
In the late 1990s, KMHT was given to Wiley College, a historically black four-year liberal arts institution affiliated with the United Methodist Church, by then owner professional boxer George Foreman.
Wiley College later sold the stations to Jerry Russell, a former member of the Tyler City Council. Russell wanted to use KMHT-FM as a repeater for their AM station, 690 KZEY (which has since gone silent), so KMHT-FM became KZEY-FM.
In August 2002, Hanszen Broadcast Group, Inc., purchased KMHT/KZEY and changed the FM back to KMHT-FM. In the fall of 2006, KMHT 1450 AM changed the format to ESPN Radio. The format includes local sports coverage as well as the network coverage. The KMHT-FM format stayed the same.
Translator
References
External links
MHT
Radio stations established in 1961
Mizri is a village near Sibi Balochistan Pakistan.
References
See also
Sibi District
Mehergarh
Sibi
Bibi Nani
khajjak
Marghazani
Kurak
Talli
Populated places in Sibi District
Darbuka Siva is a director, writer, musician, music producer, actor and a football enthusiast based in Chennai, India. Starting out as a drummer/percussionist, they went on to acting, writing and directing films which have won awards in film festivals in Europe and London.
Early life
Siva grew in the suburbs of what was then North Madras. Siva was aware of their music calling early on during schooling, but was not able to do much because of the middle-class situation at home. But soon, Siva started learning and playing music on their own interest.
Career
Music
In 1999, they managed to buy a basic drum kit and began playing on their own. From there on, it was a classic case of one thing leading to another. Siva started their performing career in 2000 with 'Oikyotaan', an experimental Bengali Baul music band led by Bonnie Chakraborty, who was also Siva's musical mentor. This experience pretty much shaped up Siva's musical approach and also had a major influence on many of their future projects. In 2002, during their final year in college Siva had to bunk all of their final year's exams to make themselves available for an Oikyotaan tour. That marked the end of their academic duties.
Siva initially started out as a drummer, but soon they found themselves hooked towards hand percussions, especially South American and African percussions. With the help of some Latin music cassettes and directions from Bonnie, they started playing congas and timbales. That process led them to more percussion instruments like Djembe, Udu and Darbuka.
First band
In 2003, they met Tanvi Shah, who also shared similar musical interests with Siva. Together, they formed 'Zahrra', a band that performed popular music from all around the world. Soon, the band became famous in the Chennai music scene for performing South American, Cuban, African and Arabic music in the local stages. It also gave a huge recognition for Siva as a drummer and a percussionist and also gave them the tag 'Darbuka' because they were one of the few who played the Egyptian percussion instrument back then in the Chennai music scene. It all actually started with a DJ friend of Siva who printed the show's paraphernalia with the name 'Darbuka' Siva on it for the first time.
Yodhakaa
In 2005, Siva formed 'Yodhakaa', which initially started off as an experimental band that primarily worked with Indian classical music with a contemporary approach. Yodhakaa's sound was ever evolving as a result of collaborations with various musicians. In 2010 Yodhakaa started working with ancient Indian Sanskrit texts, layering it with musical influences borrowed from all over the world. This experiment set up the sound that made Yodhakaa famous in the contemporary music scene. Purple Note, a record company that supported independent musicians in the country, signed Yodhakaa. The eponymous album came out in 2010, garnering rave reviews from the critics and the music fanatics for its sensible approach to contemporary Indian classical music.
La Pongal
In 2010, Siva created La Pongal, a platform for contemporary folk music. La Pongal was born out of Siva's extensive research work on traditional Tamil folk musicians and their history behind the music. Siva visited villages of South Tamil Nadu to research and document Tamil folk music and the folk culture. This work paved way for the material that would later become a huge part of La Pongal's sound. Soon La Pongal became a well-known performing unit that featured traditional Tamil folk musicians collaborating with modern sounds. The band became a huge hit on the festival circuit for its tantalizing folk rhythms and blazing energy on stage. La Pongal released its first album in 2012 January on Pongal Day, which is an important harvest festival for Tamils. The band is actually named after this festival with a slight international tweak. The album features around 70 traditional folk musicians from various parts of the state belting it out with a bunch of contemporary musicians covering different styles of Tamil folk music. It was a first-of-its-kind album that was lapped up by the independent music lovers in India. La Pongal also went on with Anthony Daasan to feature in MTV Coke Studio India representing Tamil Folk music in the national stage alongside Usha Uthup.
La Pongal and Anthony Daasan were also featured in The Dewarists, a musical television series in India. The series is part music documentary and part travelogue. The show casts musicians from various parts of the world, collaborating to create original music while traveling across India. La Pongal collaborated with Shaa'ir and Func, an alternate electronic music duo from Mumbai.
OneBeat
In September 2013, Siva was selected as an artist-in-residence for OneBeat – a US State Department project produced by Bang on a Can's Found Sound Nation. The project brings together 25 musicians from all over the world for a music residency in Atlantic Center for the Arts in Florida and an East coast tour of the US. This gave the much-needed international platform for Siva's Tamil folk music work. They toured all along the East Coast, from New Smyrna Beach to New York City performing and collaborating with international artists in prestigious venues and buzzing clubs.
The OneBeat experience made a lasting impression on Siva's artistic journey and opened up a completely new set of possibilities for him. Artistically, it inspired them to step into previously unexplored territories and completely altered their approach towards their art in the most positive way. They still continue to collaborate with the musicians from OneBeat working on Tamil folk music layered with influences from various cultures.
Darbuka Siva project
Since 2015, Siva has been working on their latest project called 'Darbuka Siva bro'ject', a collection of various expressions that truly represent their current state-of-mind through sights, sounds and collaborations inspired by people, places and experiences all along. Their most recent work being a project called 'Gala Gala'. This is a music video project that represents a bunch of extremely talented local boys playing football in and around North Madras, an area that has been the breeding ground for football in the city. Siva stumbled upon these boys during a documentary scout. Himself being a football fanatic and a hardcore supporter of the game, they are now working on raising funds for better footballing facilities for this group of
youngsters.
The Dosti Music Project
In February 2016, Siva was picked as a facilitator/artist-in-residence for the Dosti Music Project which brings together a group of musicians from Pakistan, India, and the U.S. for a month-long residency and tour. The project invites a group of musicians from a wide variety of traditions to the U.S. to collaboratively write, record, and perform original music, reinvent traditional music, and develop initiatives that will make a positive impact on communities locally and internationally. Dosti, which means friendship in both Urdu and Hindi, seeks to transcend political and cultural barriers through cross-cultural musical collaboration.
Radio
Siva joined Radio Mirchi in 2007 as an RJ and producer. This is where Siva was unofficially crowned with the on-air name 'Darbuka' Siva to differentiate themselves from the other Shiva, who was also a radio jockey then alongside. Darbuka Siva became a household name among the radio faithful for their funny lines, absurd topics of discussions and non-stop
nonsense throughout theirs shows. On the other hand, they were also equally known for their sensible music-based shows, especially 'Naatupura Beat', which was a research show about Tamil folk music forms and musicians. The show featured traditional Tamil folk musicians from all over Tamil Nadu performing and discussing music and their lives on a two-hour long show.
In 2014, Siva returned to Radio for a short stint where they played a delusional news reporter called 'Nuisance Ganesh' for Radio City. The character became famous for covering the most unnecessary events in the history of journalism and reporting them in the most absurd fashion that someone can possibly do.
Television
In 2012, Siva started working on a Television series that they conceptualized – a music travelogue show filmed in some of the most musically rich places of India like Rajasthan and Goa. The project was commissioned and telecast by the Tamil channel Pudhu Yugam. The show featured folk musicians from remote parts of Rajasthan on the first series followed by a complete dig at the music scene of Goa on the second series.
Film
Acting
In 2015, Darbuka Siva made their debut as an actor in the heist action-thriller Rajathandhiram, where they played the character of Austin D'Costa, a small-time crook who finds themselves in trouble in the midst of a job that has gone haywire along with their partners in crime. Filming was completed in 2014 December. The film opened worldwide on 13 March 2015 with rave reviews from the press and the online communities. Baradwaj Rangan, a noted film critic wrote: "Darbuka Siva, walks off with the film in their pocket. They have a great face for the movies (he may remind you of Dominique Pinon), and at a time comedy has been reduced to tired one-liners, it's a pleasure to be reminded of wit and timing."
In 2022, Darbuka Siva made a cameo appearance in their directorial debut Mudhal Née Mudivum Née. They played the role of a cupid who appears to salvage the lives of a bunch of people going through difficult times.
Composer
In August 2016, Siva released their first ever full-length album as a music director for a feature film titled Kidaari. The album received rave reviews for its organic sounds and the blend of Tamil folk music with contemporary sounds.
During late 2016 Siva started working with Gautham Menon on making songs for Enai Noki Paayum Thota. The first single of the film, 'Maruvaarthai' was released on New Year's Eve of 2016 with credits to a certain Mr.X as the music composer. The song was a hit as well as the Mr.X campaign itself. During September 2017, Gautham Menon confirmed that Darbuka Siva was the much talked about Mr. X. Following that, a couple of more singles from the film were also released. 'Visiri' being another song that was well received for its amalgamation of Indian music sensibilities with Irish folk music.
Siva scored music for their directorial debut Mudhal Née Mudivum Née. The album was released in 2021 with a lot of appreciation for the songs. But the music album became a massive hit once the film was released.
Director
Siva made their directorial debut with the film Mudhal Née Mudivum Née (2022). The film was released on 21st of January 2022 on Zee 5 OTT platform. The film garnered a lot of attention and appreciation right from the release date and went on to become a major hit among all demographics. The film also broke some box office record for the platform with the first ten days of release. The music of the film was also much celebrated with around 50K reels on Instagram within the first twenty days of release.
Performances
2007 Chennai Sangamam, Chennai, India/ Folk music festival
2007 Kala Utsavam, Singapore/ Festival of Indian arts
2008 MTV music awards, Bombay, India
2008 Namaste India Festival, Tokyo, Japan
2008 Roots Festival, Tour of North East, India
2008 Sori Arts Festival, Jeonju, South Korea
2008 The Shanghai Spring International Festival, Shanghai, China
2008 Vladivostok Philharmonic Hall, Vladivostok, Russia
2009 Lovebox Festival, London, UK
2009 WOMAD, Charlton Park, UK
2010 Commonwealth Games, Indian arts festival, Delhi, India
2010 Kalaa Utsavam, Singapore/ Festival of Indian arts
2010 SAARC bands festival, Delhi, India
2011 Chennai Sangamam, Chennai, India/ Folk music festival
2012 Coke Studio India, Bombay, India/ Television show
2012 Pudhu Yugam, Goa, India/ Music documentary for television
2012 Pudhu Yugam, Rajasthan, India/ Music documentary for television
2012 The Dewarists, Chennai, India/ Television series
2013 NH7 Weekender music festival, Bangalore, India
2013 OneBeat tour, East coast of US
2014 Celtic Connections, Glasgow, Scotland
2016 Bessie Smith Cultural Center Chattanooga, US
2016 Stopover Festival, Savannah, US
Filmography
As actor
As composer
As Director
Awards
2012: TEDx Chennai Star, India (Award for achievements in local independent music)
2012: Ink Fellows Program, Pune, India (Fellowship)
2013: OneBeat, Florida, USA (Artist-in-residence)
2016: Dosti Music Project, U.S.A (Facilitator/Artist-in-residence)
References
Further reading
Darbuka Siva is the composer of ENPT
Found Sound Nation
The Hindu, Yodhakaa Spotlight.
"Old Sanskrit in new bottle" The Hindu
"November Fest 2010 in Hyderabad" The Hindu
"Yodhakaa making waves" The Hindu
"Siva's new album release" The Times of India
"A pleasant shower of music and folk arts in Coimbatore" The Hindu
"Music, arts & dance fests to kick off in Coimbatore" The Times of India
"Ooty rocks as pop and folk artists make music" The Times of India
"Headbanging to Tamil beats" The Times of India
"Chennai Band La Pongal Is A Hit at M.A.D."
La Pongal The Indian Express
"Durham musician promotes Art + Activism Festival featuring OneBeat" News & Observer
"Musician Darbuka Shiva makes their debut as an actor" The Times of India
"Fox Star Studios bags Rajathandiram's distribution rights" Hindustan Times
External links
1982 births
Living people
Musicians from Chennai
Tamil musicians
Indian male film score composers
The scarlet-breasted fruiteater (Pipreola frontalis) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Ecuador, and Peru where its natural habitat is subtropical and tropical moist montane forests. Two subspecies are recognised though some researchers consider these should be regarded as distinct species. It is a plump green bird with a black head, the males having red throats and the females yellow. It is a relatively common species with a wide range, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being "least concern".
Taxonomy and systematics
First described by British ornithologist Philip Sclater in 1858, the scarlet-breasted fruiteater is one of eleven species in the genus Pipreola. Its holotype is held at the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University, in Philadelphia. The species is closely related to the fiery-throated fruiteater, but is found at higher elevations. There are two subspecies, which some taxonomists think represent two distinct species.
P. f. frontalis occurs from central Peru into western Bolivia.
P. f. squamipectus occurs from northern Ecuador into northwestern Peru. First described by Frank Chapman in 1925, it is smaller and less colorful than the nominate subspecies.
The genus name given to the fruiteaters, Pipreola, is a diminutive of Pipra, which is the genus name Carl Linnaeus gave to the similarly shaped manakins. The specific name frontalis is a Modern Latin word meaning "fronted" or "browed".
Description
Like all Pipreola fruiteaters, the scarlet-breasted fruiteater is a plump, short-tailed cotinga. It is relatively small for a fruiteater, measuring in length; its mass ranges from , with an average of . The species is sexually dimorphic; the male is considerably more colorful than the female. Both sexes have bright green upperparts, with narrow yellow tips to the tertial feathers. The male's throat and upper breast are bright red (less extensively colored in P. f. squamipectus than in P. f. frontalis), while the female's underparts are yellow with green scaling or spots. Its legs and feet are pink or orange.
Distribution and habitat
The scarlet-breasted fruiteater is restricted to the eastern slope of the Andes from northeastern Ecuador through eastern Peru to central Bolivia. It is found in montane forests at elevations ranging from above sea level.
Behavior
The scarlet-breasted fruiteater is arboreal and often occurs higher up, from mid-levels to sub-canopy, than many other members of its genus. Like other fruiteaters, it tends to be rather lethargic.
Feeding
As its name suggests, the scarlet-breasted fruiteater eats primarily fruit, which it picks while hover-gleaning or, less frequently, while perched.
Voice
The scarlet-breasted fruiteater's vocalizations are generally short, high-pitched and infrequent. The song of the P. f. squamipectus male is sharp and ascending, variously transcribed as "psii" or "tsweeet", while the song of the P. f. frontalis male is longer and more complex—a thin, rising trill that becomes a descending whistle, transcribed as "ti'ti'ti'ti'ti'ti'tseeeeeeeeer". Its call is a very high-pitched pseet.
Conservation and threats
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) categorizes the Scarlet-breasted Fruiteater as a species of "least concern", based on its very large range and its status as a fairly common species within its range. However, its population size has never been quantified, and is thought to be decreasing.
The scarlet-breasted fruiteater is known to carry several species of bird lice, including members of the genera Myrsidea and Philopterus.
Citations
Sources
External links
Photos at the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University's Visual Resources for Ornithology
Photos, videos and sound recordings at Handbook of the Birds of the World's Internet Bird Collection
Sound recordings at xeno-canto.org
scarlet-breasted fruiteater
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
scarlet-breasted fruiteater
scarlet-breasted fruiteater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Terenin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 130.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Van Buren County ( ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census the population was 7,203, making it the state's tenth-least populous county. The county seat is Keosauqua, which contains the oldest continuously operational courthouse in the state of Iowa, and second oldest in the United States.
History
Van Buren County was formed on December 7, 1836, as a part of Wisconsin Territory, and was split off from Des Moines County. It was named for President Martin Van Buren. It became a part of Iowa Territory (later the state of Iowa) when that territory was organized on July 4, 1838.
The county's courthouse was built in September 1843 in the style of Greek Revival and stands as Iowa's oldest, and the nation's second oldest, courthouse in operation.
"The Honey War" refers to a colorful episode in Van Buren County's history when the State of Missouri and Wisconsin Territory border came into dispute. Missouri attempted to collect taxes from residents north of the disputed Sullivan Line of 1816, which residents said was not rightfully theirs to tax. The sheriff of Van Buren County subsequently arrested and jailed the sheriff from Kahoka, Missouri, and Missourians were charged with "stealing honey from bee trees in what in now Lacey-Keosauqua State Park. Each governor sent troops to resolve the problem but no bloodshed resulted. The matter was turned over to the U.S. Congress for arbitration". The dispute, however, was not resolved until 1846, when Iowa became a state. Congress ruled "in favor of Iowa, allowing the original Sullivan line of 1816 to remain intact".
Van Buren County is also home to Iowa's oldest community theater group still in operation, the "Van Buren Players," founded in 1963.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
Major highways
Iowa Highway 1
Iowa Highway 2
Iowa Highway 16
Iowa Highway 98
Adjacent counties
Jefferson County (north)
Henry County (northeast)
Lee County (east)
Clark County, Missouri (southeast)
Scotland County, Missouri (southwest)
Davis County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 7,203 in the county, with a population density of . 97.24% of the population reported being of one race. 94.53% were non-Hispanic White, 0.39% were Black, 1.58% were Hispanic, 0.10% were Native American, 0.33% were Asian, 0.00% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.07% were some other race or more than one race. There were 3,500 housing units, of which 2,984 were occupied.
2010 census
As of the census of 2010, there were 7,570 people, 3,108 households, and 2,058 families residing in the county. The population density was people per square mile. There were 3,670 housing units at an average density of per square mile. The racial makeup of the county was 98.3% White, 0.2% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 0.7% from two or more races. 1.2% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,108 households, out of which 25.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.4% were married couples living together, 7.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.8% were non-families. 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 33.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.97.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.1% under the age of 18 and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43.3 years. For every 100 females there were 100.6 males.
As of the 2000 census, the median income for a household in the county was $31,094, and the median income for a family was $36,420. Males had a median income of $27,379 versus $20,925 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,748. About 8.70% of families and 12.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.00% of those under age 18 and 15.60% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Birmingham
Bonaparte
Cantril
Farmington
Keosauqua
Milton
Stockport
Census-designated places
Douds
Leando
Mount Sterling
Unincorporated communities
Iowaville
Lebanon
Mt. Zion
Pittsburg
Selma
Winchester
Townships
According to the 1850 US Census Records.
Birmingham Township
Bonaparte Township
Cedar Township
Chequest Township
Des Moines Township
Farmington Township
Harrisburg Township
Jackson Township
Keosauqua Township
Lick Creek Township
Union Township
Van Buren Township
Vernon Township
Village Township
Washington Township
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Van Buren County.
† county seat
Politics
Van Buren County has been predominantly Republican throughout its history, only voting for the Democratic candidate only six times in presidential elections from 1896 onward. However, the county was a national bellwether between 1964 & 2004, but voted Republican by wide margins in years the nation went Republican. Aside from Lyndon B. Johnson's landslide victory in 1964, the margins of victory Democrats won the county by in this 40-year period were incredibly narrow, with the difference being less than one hundred votes when Jimmy Carter & Bill Clinton won the county. From 2000 on, the county has trended strongly Republican, particularly in 2016 where Hillary Clinton received the lowest percentage by a Democratic candidate in 60 years. Clinton also failed to win even 1,000 votes, a feat which every major party candidate prior to 2016 had been able to accomplish in the county.
Education
School districts include:
Cardinal Community School District
Davis County Community School District
Fairfield Community School District
Mount Pleasant Community School District
Van Buren County Community School District
Former school districts:
Harmony Community School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Van Buren County, Iowa
References
External links
Villages of Van Buren
1836 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1836
Coylet is a hamlet in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
Coylet may also refer to:
Ships
SS Coylet a ship that was scuttled off Sand Key Lighthouse, Florida, United States, on 15 February 1922.
Gabriel Maralngurra (born 1968) is an Aboriginal Australian artist from the Ngalangbali clan in West Arnhem Land.  They are well-known and respected within their community for the wide range of responsibilities they take on. Their artwork is displayed in various collections including the Australia Museum, Museum Victoria, and the Kluge-Ruhe Aboriginal Art Collection of the University of Virginia.
Early life
Born and raised in Kunbarlanja, Maralngurra is the oldest of seven children. They recall their father, William Maralngurra, teaching them impactful Dreaming legends when growing up. In Aboriginal Australian cultures, Dreaming is the word used to explain the origin of life, cultural values, and law of the regions. It is these stories that have been passed down from their ancestry that have greatly influenced their art.
Career
Maralngurra is known for working with ochre on paper, as well as keeping the traditional forms of rock art, while combining new innovative techniques. The purpose of many of their paintings are to draw the attention of non-Indigenous viewers who do not understand or even realize their culture exists. Additionally, their art work aims to ensure that the tradition and practice of painting in the Arnhem Land is not lost, but passed down to the younger generations. In doing this, Maralngurra employs innovative techniques when passing down stories, traditions, and practices of their culture in the Arnhem Land. They do this specifically through expressing their relationship with the natural world.
One of Maralngurra's most notable achievements includes being one of the founding members of Injalak Arts in the 1980s. Injalak Hill remains a centre for tourism due to its decorated rock art galleries dating back over 40,000 years ago. It is these traditional rock art paintings that continue to inspire Maralngurra's paintings. Their artworks often illustrate local fauna, spirit figures such as the Mimih spirit, and Dreaming narratives (or djang). However, they always find a way to add their own narrative flair and eternal coherence that is unique to art in the Arnhem Land.
They attribute most of their painting education to their elder, Thompson Yulidijirri, who has always played an important role in the teaching of younger generations. They have picked up on many of their painting techniques such as the x-ray and rarrk (cross-hatching) technique, and has taught Maralngurra how to combine traditional and non-traditional techniques to empower their communities.
Contact paintings
In more recent years, Maralngurra has decided to venture into colonial paintings known as “contact paintings” in which they attempt to connect the past and the present and mimic western styles they are not as familiar with. These pieces exhibit the coming together of different cultures and recognize the differences between each other's communities. Although seemingly different, this still follows Maralngurra's tendency to use art as a way of educating others and fill the gap between different communities. Specifically, in this series of paintings, they focus on depicting Baldwin Spencer, who was the first anthropologist to visit the region of the Western Arnhem Land. By doing this, art historian Henry Skerritt argues, Maralngurra is drawing attention to "the limits of communication and boundaries of exchange of visitors to their region."
Some of their most notable contact paintings include Meeting of Bininj Elders and Balanda Visitors in 1948 (1948), Baldwin Spencer and Paddy Cahill (2003), and Bininj at the rock Art Shelter (2006). Many of these paintings were displayed at their solo exhibition 'Contact' at the Mossenson Galleries in Melbourne in 2006.
Charlottesville exhibition
During the 2020 Charlottesville takeover, Maralngurra and Joe Guymala visited Charlottesville to talk about and display their works in various locations across the city. This citywide exhibition consisted of more than 50 artists, five different locations, and about 200 pieces. One of the main centers for Aboriginal art in the world lies in the center of Charlottesville: the Kluge-Rhue Aboriginal Art Collection. The Kluge-Rhue has been opened since 1997 and is the only museum of Aboriginal art that stands outside of Australia. It includes more than 2000 pieces of Indigenous art, and each year invites Aboriginal artists from various regions to visit, lead workshops, and provide classes to locals and UVA students. This was just one of the many locations the citywide exhibition took place.
Maralngurra played a large role in the exhibition located in the Fralin Museum located on the Grounds of the University of Virginia. Specifically, the exhibition located in the Fralin Museum, The Inside World: Contemporary Aboriginal Australian Memorial Poles consisted of 112 memorial poles by 55 different artists from various regions of the Arnhem Land. The memorial poles served the purpose of hollow coffins decorated with clan designs and signified the moment when the spirit of the deceased had finally returned home. Maralngurra participated in a group of six memorial poles from their region that were done using Earth pigments on wood and included images such as the mimih spirit. However, it is important to recognize that the art is not only in the painting on the wooden logs, but also the difficult process of harvesting the logs. According to Maralngurra, the purpose of bringing this work to Charlottesville is to share and promote their strong culture from the other side of the world.
Additionally, Maralngurra displayed another piece of rock art style called "Kunwardde Bim Kakukyime" that hung on the walls of the historic building, the Rotunda, on the University of Virginia's Grounds. This piece is the perfect example of how Maralngurra incorporates local figures such as the brolga bird and the mimih spirit to further connect their artwork to their country and its inhabitants. Kunwardde Bim Kakukyime (Rock Art Style) illustrates a wide range of overlapping animals specific to their region in various shades of red, white, yellow, and even some blue. The brolga bird positioned slightly left of the centre of the image is known to be a hunting prize for the people in their community. They execute this depiction of the bird in x-ray style, meaning they include the imagery of the internal organs and bone structure of the animal. The incorporation of the anatomical features of the bird proves how well connected they are with the inhabitants of their land. Additionally, in the bottom left corner, they include a Mimih Spirit which is said to have taught their people many of the skills they would have needed to survive such as hunting. This organised chaos shows how they use a variety of figures and colours to represent the identity of their community in a unique way.
Other roles
Maralngurra is also a tour guide, translator, Injalak Hill Board member and president. Their strong presence in Australia has led them to travel often throughout the region and abroad for the past twenty-five years.
Awards
2006: Wilin Centre Award for Outstanding Indigenous Artist for their exhibition Making Contact
2010: Telstra Indigenous Art Awards - Highly Commended for "Wurdwurd (children) Kudjekbinj Dreaming"
Collections
National Museum of Australia
Department of Foreign Affairs, Canberra
Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory
Museum Victoria
Batchelor Institute, N.T.
Berndt Museum of Anthropology, University of Western Australia
Kluge-Ruhe Aboriginal Art Collection of the University of Virginia
Significant Exhibitions
2020 Munguyhmunguyh (Forever): Celebrating the 30th Anniversary of the John W. Kluge Injalak Commission, The Upper West Oval Room of The Rotunda at the University of Virginia
2019-2020 The Inside World: Contemporary Aboriginal Australian Memorial Poles. Nevada Museum of Art, Reno, NV; Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History, Detroit, MI; The Fralin Museum of Art, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA; Frost Art Museum, Florida International University, Miami, FL.
2018 'Manme Manmak' Good Food! Central Craft's June Marriott Gallery August 27 - September 16, 2018.
2017 Salon Des Refuses, Charles Darwin University, Darwin
2017 Get it On 2017, Aboriginal Bush Traders, Darwin
2017 Mayhmayh -Different Birds, Works on paper, bark and hollow logs, Nomad Art Gallery, Darwin
2016 Interiors-Fabric panels, Framed the Darwin Gallery
2016 Salon Des Refuses, Charles Darwin University, Darwin
2016 Kunwinkju Counting Book Exhibition and Launch, Nomad Art Gallery, Darwin
2016 12th Festival of Pacific Art - Group Exhibition, Guam Museum, Guam
2015 Wearables, Tactile Arts Gallery, Darwin
2015 Salon Des Refuses, Darwin Waterfront, Darwin
2015 Dolobbo: Contemporary Bark Paintings from Injalak Arts, Aboriginal & Pacific Art, Sydney
2013 Wurrkabal, Netanya Resort, Noosa QLD
2013 Injalak Arts Exhibition, Better World Arts, Port Adelaide
2009 Ochre and Rust, Indigenart Gallery, Perth
2008 Sex, Spirits & Sorcery, Mossenson Galleries, Melbourne
2007 Continuity, Country and Culture: Three Generations
2007 The Injalak Hill Suite, Abiriginal & Pacific Art Gallery, Danks St Sydney
2006 Paper, Bark, Canvas & Twine, Dickerson Gallery, Melbourne
2006: Making Contact. Solo Exhibition. Mossenson Galleries, Melbourne, September 26–October 22, 2006.
2006 Wet and Dry, Indigenart Gallery, Perth WA
2006 24th National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award, MAGNT, Darwin NT
2006 The Second Peter Baillie Acquisitive Award, Flinders University, Adelaide SA
2005 Concord, Framed Gallery, Darwin
2004 21st Telstra National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award
2003 Art Mob Exhibition Tasmania
2003 20th Telstra National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award
2001 Telstra National Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Art Award
1998 Desert Designs Japingka Gallery, Perth WA
1996 Framed Gallery, Darwin NT
1995 21st Telstra National Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Art Award
1995 The Twelfth National Aboriginal Art Award Exhibition,, Museums and Art Galleries of the Northern Territory Darwin
1994 Aboriginal & Tribal Art Gallery The Rocks Sydney NSW
1993 Editions, Southbank, Melbourne Vic
1993 Hogarth Aboriginal and Tribal Art Gallery
1993 Stories, Contemporary Australian Aboriginal Art Kerava Art
1993 Helsinki and Rovaniemi Art Museum Lappland, Finland
1993 Burukmarri Gallery, Fremantle WA
References
Further reading
"Down under, up above: A wealth of Indigenous Australian art comes to Charlottesville this winter". C-VILLE Weekly. 2020-01-22. Retrieved 2020-03-30.
Hausman, Sandy. "Aboriginal Art Is Center Stage in Charlotteville". www.wvtf.org. Retrieved 2020-03-30.
Skerritt, Henry. ""Is Art History Any Use to Aboriginal Artists? Gabriel Maralngurra's Contact Paintings."". Double Desire: Transculturation and Indigenous Contemporary Art, edited by Ian McLean, 223-241. Newcastle: Cambridge Scholars Publishing, 2014.
Loos, Ted (2020-03-10). "Richly Decorated Memorials Emerge From Ancient Traditions". The New York Times. Retrieved 2020-03-30.
Sanz, Inés Domingo; Fiore, Dánae; May, Sally K. (2016-07). Archaeologies of Art: Time, Place, and Identity. Routledge. Retrieved 2020-03-30.
“Seeing Through Spencer: Gabriel Maralngurra's Paintings of Baldwin Spencer.” Pacific Arts: The Journal of the Pacific Arts Association, 14, no.1-2 (2015): 106–119.
"Stay Local, Play Local: Aboriginal Art on Display". www.cbs19news.com. Retrieved 2020-03-30
1968 births
People from the Northern Territory
Indigenous Australian artists
Living people
Seller's Wood is a Site of Special Scientific Interest on the northern outskirts of Nottingham, England. There are several wildlife ponds within the site - formed out of old clay workings excavated by for use by local brickworks, long since closed. Entrance is from Sellers Wood Drive, Bulwell.
There is a circular walk of approximately 30 minutes with distant views and a view of the M1 motorway across farm fields from the northern edge.
External links
Sellers Wood. More information and photo gallery
Woodland Trust Sellers Wood
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Nottinghamshire
Nottinghamshire Wildlife Trust
Below is a list of new islands created since the beginning of the 20th century by volcanism, erosion, glacial retreat, or other mechanisms. One of the most famous new volcanic islands is the small island of Surtsey, located in the Atlantic Ocean south of Iceland. It first emerged from the ocean surface in 1963. Two years later, Surtsey was declared a nature reserve for the study of ecological succession; plants, insects, birds, seals, and other forms of life have since established themselves on the island.
Another noted new island is Anak Krakatau (the so-called "child of Krakatoa", which formed in the flooded caldera of that notorious volcano in Indonesia), which emerged only in 1930. Ample rainforests have grown there, they are often destroyed by frequent eruptions. A population of many wild animals, including insects, birds, humanborne rats, and even monitor lizards, have also settled there.
Didicas Volcano off the northern coast of Luzon Island in the Philippines, was first created during a four-year eruption from 1856 to 1860 but eventually got washed away. In 1900, three tall rock masses were left by another eruption. During the 1952 eruption, the island finally became permanent which was further bolstered by subsequent eruptions in 1969 and 1978 into a -high island.
Uunartoq Qeqertoq is an island off the east coast of Greenland that appeared to have split from the mainland because of glacial retreat between 2002 and 2005; however, it is believed to have been a true island, with or without glacial covering, for many thousands of years.
In February and March 2009, a vigorous eruption created a new island near Hunga Ha'apai in the Tongan Islands of the southwest Pacific. By the end of the activity, however, the new land mass was connected to Hunga Ha'apai. Similar activity occurred again in December 2014 and January 2015.
On September 24, 2013 a new island Zalzala Koh emerged off the coast of Gwadar, as a result of a strong earthquake that hit south and southwest Pakistan measuring 7.8 on the Richter magnitude scale.
On November 21, 2013 an unnamed islet emerged off the coast of Nishinoshima, a small, uninhabited island in the Ogasawara chain, which is also known as the Bonin Islands. Less than four days after the new islet's emergence, it was about in diameter.
List of recently created islands
This is a list of new islands that formed during the 20th and the 21st centuries. Of those formed by submarine volcanoes, only Anak Krakatau and Surtsey are currently islands, and Surtsey is the only one that is expected to survive, Ilha Nova is now connected to Faial Island. Newly created landmass adjacent to Nishinoshima is now connected to Nishinoshima.
References
Geology-related lists
Lists of islands
Submarine volcanoes
Volcanism
Whitchurch Alport Football Club is an English football club based in Whitchurch, Shropshire. The club participates in the .
History
The club were formed in 1946 in the football season that followed World War II, being named after Alport Farm in Alport Road, Whitchurch, which had been the home of Coley Maddocks, a local footballer who had been killed in action in the war. They joined the Shrewsbury and District League, spending two seasons in the league, winning the title in their second season. In 1948 they were briefly elected as members of the Birmingham League, before becoming founder members of the Mid-Cheshire League.
In 1974 they became the last English team to take the Welsh Amateur Cup out of Wales prior to its becoming the Welsh Intermediate Cup, defeating Cardiff College of Education 2–1 at Latham Park, Newtown.
They were admitted to the North West Counties Football League Division One from the Mercian Regional Football League in 2015.
On 24 September 2019, Alport lifted the Shropshire Senior Cup for the first time – defeating reigning champions Shrewsbury Town 3–1 in the final at New Meadow. At the end of the 2020–21 season the club were transferred to the Premier Division of the Midland League.
Ground
The club play at Yockings Park. The dressing rooms were constructed from wooden packing crates acquired from the Military Camp at Prees Heath shortly after the end of World War II.
Honours
Mid-Cheshire League
Winners 1969–70
Runners-up 1949–50, 1954–55, 1970–71, 1977–78
Shrewsbury & District League
Winners 1947–48
Welsh Amateur Cup/Welsh Intermediate Cup
Winners 1973–74
Runners-up 1958–59, 1976–77
Shropshire County Cup
Winners 1969–70, 1997–98
Runners-up 1995–96
Shropshire County FA Huddersfield Cup
Winners 2018–19
Shropshire Senior Cup
Winners 2019
See also
Whitchurch Alport F.C. players
References
External links
Football clubs in England
North West Counties Football League clubs
Whitchurch, Shropshire
Football clubs in Shropshire
Association football clubs established in 1946
1946 establishments in England
Midland Football League
Manica District is a district of Manica Province in western Mozambique. The principal town is Manica. The district is located in the west of the province, and borders with Báruè District in the north, Vanduzi District in the east, Sussundenga District in the south, and with Zimbabwe in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 213,206 as of 2007.
Geography
The main river in the district is the Revuè River, a major tributary of the Buzi River, with its tributaries.
According to the Köppen climate classification, the climate of the district is tropical humid (Cw), with the annual rainfall varying between and .
Demographics
As of 2005, 46% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 50% did speak Portuguese. The most common mothertongue is Chitwe language. 51% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into five postos, Manica (one locality), Machipanda (two localities), Messica (three localities), Mavonde (two localities), and Vanduzi (three localities).
In 2013, the Mozambican government created Vanduzi District out of Manica District.
Economy
5% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 37,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, sweet potato, and rice.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district long. This includes of national roads, which connect Beira with Zimbabwe.
A railroad connecting Beira with Zimbabwe via Machipanda crosses the district.
References
Districts in Manica Province
Chojeniec-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Verziere (old-fashioned Italian word for "greengrocery market"; also known as Verzee, in Milanese) was the traditional greengrocery street market of Milan, Italy. The market itself has been relocated several times, and it is now in Via Lombroso, east of the city centre; the word "Verziere", anyway, still refers to the main historic location of the market, where it was held from 1776 century until 1911. The new greengrocery market of Via Lombroso is more properly referred to as "Ortomercato" (another Italian word with the same meaning) or "Mercati Generali" ("general markets").
The "Verziere" area has been a symbol of Milan, and notable Milanese scholars such as Carlo Porta and Carlo Maria Maggi celebrated the Verziere in their works as the place where both the Milanese dialect and the Milanese culture was represented in their purest form.
History
The first Verzee was probably held in the main plaza of Milan, Piazza del Duomo, until the early 16th century, when it was relocated in the context of a thorough urban reorganization dictated by the municipal authorities. The market was thus relocated to what is now Piazza Fontana, a prominent square adjacent to the Duomo, where the Palace of the Archbishop ("Palazzo dell'Arcivescovado" in Italian) is also located. The 18th century scholar Carlo Torre mentions the Verziere in their essay Il ritratto di Milano ("Portrait of Milan", 1714), reporting that the area used to be a "wonderful garden". The market was then moved from Piazza Fontana to the nearby Piazza Santo Stefano and then (in 1776) to its best known historic location in Largo Augusto.
Until the late 19th century, the Verziere could be reached by boat through Milan's canal system, which included a small port in an artificial inlet called "Laghetto" ("small lake"). The lake (as well as most of Milan's canals) has since been filled-in, but it is recalled in some toponymys, most notably "Via del Laghetto" ("Small Lake Street").
Between the late 16th century and the late 17th century, a votive monumental column, called Colonna del Verziere, was erected in what was the centre of the market.
The market was moved in 1911 to the surroundings of Porta Vittoria, where it remained until 1965. In this less central setting, the Verziere could be expanded. Several buildings were realized for the market, most of which were later demolished; the most notable remnant of this incarnation of the Verziere is the "Palazzina Liberty" bordering the Marinai d'Italia City Park, an Art Nouveau building designed in 1908 by architect Alberto Migliorini and that, over time, has hosted cultural events and has been used as the headquarters of Dario Fo's theatrical company.
In 1965 the market was finally moved to its current location in Via Lombroso.
In 1966, a statue of poet Carlo Porta, realized by Ivo Sioli, was placed in the old Verziere location of Piazza Santo Stefano. The statue is usually referred to as "Carlo Porta al Verzee" ("Carlo Porta by the Verziere").
The witches of the Verziere
While the Verziere was celebrated as the "heart" of Milan by several poets and writers, it also had the reputation of being an unsafe district, populated by thieves, prostitutes, and tencitt (in Milanese, meaning "black stained people", in reference to the darsena workers who transported coal and wood). The darsena itself was so polluted that Franz Joseph I of Austria, in 1857, ordered that it be filled in for hygienical reasons. Moreover, witches were believed to inhabit the district; their elder was known to live on the second floor of the "Cà dei Tencitt" ("House of the tencitt") building, in what is now Via Laghetto. In fact, the Verziere Column, topped with a cross and a statue of Jesus Christ the Redeemer, was said to be erected as both a votive column and with the purpose of opposing the malicious power of the "Verziere Witches".
Footnotes
Culture in Milan
Piazzas in Milan
William Joseph Whelan FRS (14 November 1924 – 5 June 2021) was a British-born American biochemist. They were professor and chair of biochemistry and molecular biology at the Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine of the University of Miami. They founded the annual Miami Winter Symposium in 1967 and was chief editor of the journal IUBMB Life.
Biography
Whelan was born in Salford, Greater Manchester in 1924. They studied organic chemistry at the University of Birmingham starting in 1942, earning a B.Sc. in 1944 and Ph.D. in 1948. They taught at University College of North Wales and the University of London, and became Head of the Department of Biochemistry of the Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine, University of London in 1964. In 1967, they moved to the United States and served as Professor and Chairman of the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology of the University of Miami Medical School. They became Professor and Chairman Emeritus in 1991.
Whelan was known for their pioneering research on the structure of starch and glycogen. They discovered the D enzyme in plants and proved that glycogen contained the protein glycogenin. They were elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1992. They died on 5 June 2021 at the age of 96.
References
1924 births
2021 deaths
University of Miami faculty
British biochemists
American biochemists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Founding members of the World Cultural Council
Academic journal editors
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Academics of Bangor University
Academics of the University of London
British emigrants to the United States
People from Salford
Presidents of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology
Vempati Kutumba Sastry (born 1950) is an Indian academic. They were the Vice-Chancellor of the Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan, for the period 2003 to 2008.  They are the president of the International Association of Sanskrit Studies. They were a member of the organising committee of the fifteenth World Sanskrit Conference.  They are a member of the governing board of the Wider Association of Vedic Studies.  They are on the editorial board of the Indologica Taurinensia, The Journal of the International Association of Sanskrit Studies, published from Torino.
References
1950 births
Living people
Indian Sanskrit scholars
Scholars from Delhi
Dąbrowica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Woman's Gotta Have It is the second album by Cornershop, released in 1995.
Recording and release
The song My Dancing Days Are Done is performed in French (mes jours de bal perdus) by the guest singers Parsley and Sasha Andres. The album's style is a blend of indie rock with Indian music.
The opening track 6am Jullandar Shere, sung in Punjabi, as well as Wog were released as singles. A video for the former was sometimes played on MTV Europe's alternative music slots.
Reception
Reviewing the album on AllMusic, Denise Sullivan called the style "Hindi-Pop".
Track listing
Personnel
Tjinder Singh – vocals, bass
Avtar Singh – guitar
Ben Ayres – guitar
Wallis Healey – guitar
Anthony "Saffs" Saffery – sitar, keyboards
Nick Simms – drums
Pete Hall – percussion
Parsley – vocals
Sasha Andres – vocals
Technical
Tjinder Singh – production
Charlie – engineering
Mike Marsh – mastering
Ben Ayres – artwork
Alison – artwork
References
1995 albums
Cornershop albums
Wiiija albums
KTVO (channel 3) is a television station licensed to Kirksville, Missouri, United States, serving the Ottumwa, Iowa–Kirksville, Missouri market as an affiliate of ABC and CBS. Owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group, the station maintains studios on US 63 north of Kirksville, with a secondary studio, news bureau and advertising sales office on South Market Street in downtown Ottumwa. Its transmitter is located northwest of Downing, Missouri, along US 136.
History
When the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) lifted the "Freeze of '48"—the nationwide halt to reorganize TV frequencies—on April 14, 1952 the VHF channel 3 was assigned to the Kirksville, Missouri market. This prime channel attracted the attention of North Missouri Broadcasting Partners, a group led by former U.S. Congressman Sam "Wat" Arnold and Sam Burk, owners of Kirksville radio station KIRX, who had already been discussing the feasibility of adding a television station to their operations. Hoping to defray the costs and risk of the new venture, in early 1953 the Kirksville group joined with another led by James J. Conroy, owner of KBIZ in Ottumwa, Iowa. In return for shares in KBIZ, the Kirksville group would allow construction of a tower and transmitter site whose signal would cover both Kirksville and Ottumwa. Following FCC approval, a tower was built near Downing, Missouri.
KTVO signed-on November 21, 1955 airing an analog signal on VHF channel 3. However, by time of sign-on the Kirksville group felt the venture held little hope for profitability and had sold all shares back to Conroy. For much of its early history KTVO was a primary CBS affiliate, although its single market status allowed it to cherry-pick the most popular programming from NBC and ABC. At first, Arnold and Burk's fears that the Ottumwa–Kirksville market was too small to support a television station were proven true but Conroy persevered, believing southeastern Iowa and northeastern Missouri would be proud to have a locally based station. This was not a surprise, given that KTVO was the area's only channel until 1986, when KOIA-TV (channel 15, now Fox affiliate KYOU-TV) began operations.
On January 7, 1964, Conroy sold KTVO to the Post Corporation, a media conglomerate of newspapers and broadcasting properties based in Appleton, Wisconsin. The new owners renovated and expanded the KTVO facilities in Ottumwa, shared for the station's first twenty years with then co-owned KBIZ-AM 1240. On June 1, 1968, KTVO switched primary affiliation to ABC, although the station continued carrying a few CBS and NBC shows until 1974. The year 1976 brought great change to KTVO. The Post Corporation received FCC approval to erect a new tower near Colony, Missouri. This new height and location would allow KTVO's signal to reach the lucrative Quincy, Illinois–Hannibal, Missouri DMA while still serving its two original cities of license. As part of the upgrade KTVO's main studios were moved from Ottumwa to a newly constructed building three miles north of Kirksville, with a secondary studio remaining in Ottumwa and a news bureau to be established in Quincy. With more room to grow in their new Kirksville facility, in the early 1980s KTVO operated a short-lived, low-power UHF station, K40AI, channel 40. A large bulk of K40AI's schedule was made up of programming from the now-defunct Satellite Program Network. K40AI also re-purposed a small amount of the syndicated programming aired on KTVO at the time, such as Solid Gold. In 1984, Gillett Corporation bought the Post Corporation Stations; however, due to the FCC ownership limit of five VHF television stations that was in effect at the time, KTVO was spun off to a local telecommunications company called "Gillbro Communications". Federal Broadcasting (later Federal Enterprises) acquired the station in 1987.
On June 2, 1988, a three-member broadcast tower maintenance crew were killed when the KTVO transmitter tower collapsed. This forced the channel, along with radio station KRXL-FM 94.5 (which had been renting antenna space on the tower) off-the-air. Since the original tower was still available, KTVO was able to resume broadcasting within thirty hours of the collapse. An Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) investigation placed official blame for the tower collapse primarily on the maintenance crew, citing the removal of too many tower cross-braces at once for repair. Although a relatively new structure, the steel cross-braces had already shown signs of cracking, rust, and other deterioration thus necessitating the early repair and maintenance.
KTVO, along with the rest of Federal, was acquired by Raycom Media in 1996. On April 28, 1999, KTVO launched its website. In December 2003, Raycom acquired the television stations of Waitt Media, which included KYOU. However, due to FCC duopoly regulations, KYOU was transferred to Ottumwa Media Holdings, LLC and entered into a local marketing agreement (LMA) with KTVO. On March 27, 2006, the company announced that it would sell KTVO along with thirteen other stations across the country to Barrington Broadcasting. The sale closed that August. As a result, KYOU's owner, Ottumwa Media Holdings, was renamed American Spirit Media and the LMA dissolved.
KTVO had been serving the Quincy–Hannibal–Keokuk, Iowa market as the default analog ABC affiliate on cable with some locations being able to pick up its over-the-air signal. On August 28, 2007, sister station KHQA (which had served as CBS' affiliate of record in the Kirksville market after 1974) announced that they would launch a new second digital subchannel to offer ABC programming beginning September 30. However, KTVO remains on area cable systems, and launched a CBS-affiliated second digital subchannel on May 15, 2010 effectively marking the network's return to the area after a 36-year absence. Like KHQA-DT2, KTVO-DT2 originally offered America One as a secondary affiliate but has since added syndicated programming to its schedule. On February 28, 2013, Barrington Broadcasting announced the sale of its entire group, including KTVO, to Sinclair Broadcast Group. The sale was completed on November 25. In November 2015, KTVO celebrated the 60th anniversary of its original airdate.
Programming
Syndicated programming currently broadcast on KTVO includes Jeopardy!, Rachael Ray, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Wheel of Fortune, Castle, Pawn Stars, Live with Kelly and Ryan and Dr. Phil.
KTVO's second digital subchannel airs an alternate live feed of the CBS Evening News at 6:00 p.m. This is unlike most CBS affiliates in the Central Time Zone, which normally air the newscast at 5:30 p.m. Syndicated programming currently broadcast on KTVO-DT2 includes Family Feud, The Kelly Clarkson Show, Access Hollywood, Major Crimes and NCIS: New Orleans.
News operation
KTVO was the primary local source of newscasts until 1990 when Fox affiliate KOIA-TV began five-minute mini-newscasts which continued until 1991. On November 2, 2015, that station, now KYOU-TV, launched a 9 p.m. newscast. KTVO shares resources with sister station KHQA and with other Sinclair-owned stations to provide additional coverage. In addition to its main studios, KTVO operates a bureau on South Market Street in Downtown Ottumwa which is just around the corner from the original studios. KTVO-DT2 airs a Southeastern Iowa-focused newscast on weeknights called KTVO CBS 3.2 News at 6:30 originating from the Ottumwa bureau. To meet the needs of the areas increasing Hispanic population, a five-minute Spanish-language "mini-newscast" was begun on KTVO-DT2 in October 2011, but later discontinued.
In March 2009, KTVO received national attention as the victim of a viewer prank. A list of fake names many considered crude or obscene (i.e. Dixie Normus and Craven Moorhead) was submitted to its weekday morning show birthdays/anniversaries segment. This list was aired in February 2009 and by March a video of the incident began appearing on websites such as YouTube and Break.com. Over 400,000 viewings occurred on YouTube before KTVO management forced the removal citing copyright violations. However, it had gained enough national attention that the Howard Stern radio show and Jimmy Kimmel Live! exposed the prank to a larger audience.
During the week of March 19, 2018, KTVO became the second station in the market to begin broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition. The station's Ottumwa bureau was also upgraded to allow for HD broadcasts.
Notable former staff
Steve Bell, former ABC news anchor (Good Morning America)
Bill Jackson, children's TV host and author
Kathryn Marlowe, actor and singer
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
KTVO-DT2 was eventually upgraded from 720p into 1080i.
Analog-to-digital conversion
KTVO discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over VHF channel 3, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 33. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former VHF analog channel 3.
References
External links
ABC network affiliates
CBS network affiliates
Comet (TV network) affiliates
Television channels and stations established in 1955
1955 establishments in Missouri
TVO
Sinclair Broadcast Group
Rosstroy (sometimes Rosstroi) was the governmental agency for construction and residential and utilities services in Russia. It was the successor of Gosstroy, a Soviet agency.
The full name of the authority is Federal agency of construction, housing and housing services of the Russian Federation.
The agency was abolished by D.A. Medvedev's Decree (Ukase) N 724 of 12 May 2008.
Since 2013, its responsibilities are in the hands of Ministry of Construction Industry, Housing and Utilities Sector.
External links
Rosstroy website
Defunct government agencies of Russia
Michael Kures (born July 25, 1964) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. They were born in Czechoslovakia, but moved to the United States at age four.
Career
Kures, with partner Jonathan Canter, won the boys' doubles title at the 1982 US Open. The pair had been runner-up at the French Open earlier that year.
They played collegiate tennis for the University of California, Los Angeles in the early 1980s. In 1984, they were an All-American and a member of the NCAA championship winning team. In 1985, they earned All-American honours again and made the Division I singles final, which they lost to Mikael Pernfors.
On the Grand Prix tennis circuit, Kures had their best result at the Boston Pro Championships in 1988, beating Roberto Argüello, John Ross and world number-nine Brad Gilbert, before losing to Bruno Orešar in the quarter-finals. They were a doubles semi-finalist at the 1987 Seoul Open, partnering Paul Chamberlin.
Kures competed at the US Open four times and made the second round in 1984, defeating Hans Simonsson. They were beaten by Mats Wilander in the second round. Their other appearances were in 1987 and 1988, as a singles player, and 1989, in the men's doubles draw. They also competed at the 1987 Wimbledon Championships and 1989 Australian Open.
Challenger titles
Doubles: (1)
References
1964 births
Living people
American male tennis players
US Open (tennis) junior champions
UCLA Bruins men's tennis players
Tennis people from Illinois
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United States
Sportspeople from Prague
People from Willow Springs, Illinois
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in boys' doubles
Nuts and Wine was a theatrical revue, with lyrics by C. H. Bovill and P. G. Wodehouse and music by Frank E. Tours, with additional numbers by Guy Jones and Melville Gideon, from a book by Bovill and Wodehouse. It was performed at the Empire Theatre, London, opening on 3 January 1914. The show closed on 28 March 1914, after a run of 12 weeks.
Plot synopsis
The revue did not have a coherent plot, its six scenes being linked only by a surreal vision of an England changed beyond recognition and by the appearance in each scene of the character of Mr Punch, as compère:
Scene 1 – New Eton
Scene 2 — New News
Scene 3 – New Mayflower
Scene 4 – New Ellis Island
Scene 5 – New Little Theatre
Scene 6 – New Empire Stores
Two other scenes—the New Clown and the New Idol—seem to have been dropped before the show opened.
Each scene provided a setting for a series of songs and dances, mostly satirising topics of the day, with frequent references to well-known personalities or topical events.
In the first scene, the playing fields of Eton have been turned into a market garden, and the school curriculum has been reduced to just three subjects, music hall, tango (taught by music-hall star Gertie Millar), and agriculture.
The second scene is set in the offices of the New News, a newspaper that has absorbed The Times and whose editor—one George L. Washington of Pittsburg, grandson of the famous president—prints the news first, then makes it happen. The newspaper's gossip columnist is Lady Teazle, actually one of the characters in Sheridan's The School for Scandal. This scene included a lengthy song poking fun at David Lloyd George, the then Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Scene 3 takes place on the New Mayflower, a yacht which is carrying passengers to New Ellis Island. Though the yacht catches fire and sinks, the next scene is still set in New Ellis Island, a newly discovered country to which Britain has taken to banishing its bores and other inconvenient inhabitants.
The fifth scene is set in a music hall, the New Little Theatre, and features a play within a play supposedly written by the Vicar of Brixton, who watches from a box in the company of Mr Punch, while world boxing champion Jack Johnson shares another box with Rev F B Meyer. The real vicar of Brixton, the Rev A J Waldron, had recently authored a "semi-morality play"., and Johnson, to the annoyance of many music-hall artistes, had been engaged to appear at a number of music halls. The play-with-a-play is performed by caricatures of well-known theatrical entertainers, including George Graves, Edmund Payne, Wilkie Bard, and Mrs Patrick Campbell.
The final scene is set in the New Empire Stores and is a parody of Within the Law, a play (adapted from that of Bayard Veiller) which was then being performed at the Haymarket Theatre. and which featured a department store, the Emporium. The scene also included a sketch parodying another popular play, the French farce Who's the Lady, by Jose Levy, which had opened at the Garrick Theatre in November 1913.
Performers
Among those appearing in the revue, the following were specifically mentioned in the reviews or advertisements:
Phyllis Bedells
R. G. Knowles
Maidie Hope
Fred Payne
Nelson Keys
Lauri Hunter
Violet Lloyd
Peggy Ross
Dahlia Gordon
Rose Hamilton
Babette
Albert Le Fre
Julian Alfred
Eric Thorne
James Godden
Dorothy Monkman
Critical reception
The revue had a mixed reception. The Daily Express noted that "half a dozen scintillating items ... in these days of much dulness is probably not a bad achievement", but remarked of the script by Bovill and Wodehouse that "it does little credit to their ingenuity". The Express reserved most praise for the dancing of Phyllis Bedells, who was "thunderously cheered" for what it described as "the one purely and delightfully artistic contribution of the whole entertainment".
The Times referred to "a number of clever artists for the most part making good fun out of material that was not very funny" and commented that "for lack of wit in the treatment, some of the best things miss fire", while the London correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, in paragraph on the continuing craze for revues in England, dismissed it as "not a very brilliant specimen".
The Express described the first scene as "one of the best" and referred to "the final brilliance of the New Empire Stores", but considered the marionette show in the fifth scene to be "very clever, but over-long". In sharp contrast, The Observer concluded: "Perhaps the most successful of all the scenes is the play at the New Little Theatre." But the Observer's final summing-up matched that of the other reviews: "For the rest, there did not seem to us to be quite as much novelty about the revue as the titles of the scenes suggested."
Despite their reservations, most of the reviews noted that the show was "very heartily applauded at the close", which may explain why it was performed nightly for 12 weeks; and it seems that the run came to an end not because the show was unsuccessful but because the management of the Empire Theatre changed during March 1914 and the new management—Alfred Butt and Charles B. Cochran—wanted a change.
Origin of the name
"Nuts and wine" is a reference to the British tradition of serving walnuts with the port that was passed around at the end of a dinner.
References
Revues
1914 musicals
Musicals by P. G. Wodehouse
Norwalk High School is a high school located in Norwalk, Connecticut, United States. It is the oldest high school in Norwalk, created in 1902. The current building for the school was built in 1988.
The school mascot is a bear and the school colors are green and white. Its crosstown rival is Brien McMahon High School and the two schools compete annually in football on Thanksgiving day. The $4.2 million Shea-Magrath Sports Complex, which includes the astroturf Testa Field, sits just to the south of the school. It replaced Andrews Field, located 1/4 mile west of the school. The school is a member of the FCIAC athletic conference. The school also contains a theater, gymnasium, swimming pool, library, and cafeteria.
The school is divided into five lettered houses (A, B, C, D, and E) with a housemaster in charge of students in his/her house. Norwalk High School also has a Science wing that was built in the mid-late 2000s. Students are assigned lockers, homerooms, and guidance counselors within their house. A misconception is that the C house doesn't exist, however, there are actually 17 classes within the C house.
The NHS Bears girls' basketball team won the FCIAC championship in 1999, and then lost in the Class LL state championship in 1999. They then won another FCIAC championship in 2007, and won the Class LL state championship in 2019.
The NHS Bears boys' soccer team won the 2002 FCIAC championship. They then advanced to the FCIAC championship and Class LL state championship in 2004. The NHS Bears boys' team won the 2012 FCIAC state championship.
The NHS Bears baseball team won the FCIAC championship in 1907, then proceeded to be eliminated in the second round of the Class LL state tournament in 1907.
The NHS Bears outdoor track team won the FCIAC championship in 1867 and 1895.
West Rocks Middle School and Nathan Hale Middle School feed into Norwalk High School.
Notable alumni
Bob Duff, Former Member of the Connecticut Senate
D. J. Caruso, movie and television director and producer
Jason Goldman, musician
Paul Gerken, professional tennis player
Dr. Edward C. Kendall, 1950 Nobel Prize winner in physiology
Mickey Kydes, professional soccer player
Mia Love, Mayor of Saratoga Springs, Utah (2010-2014) and U.S. Representative for Utah's 4th congressional district (2015-2019)
John D. Magrath, Congressional Medal of Honor honoree for actions taken during World War II
Forrest McClendon, 1983, actor, Notable for their role in Forrest Gump
Senator Brien McMahon, former United States Senator and the first chairperson of the Joint Committee on Atomic Energy. Namesake for Brien McMahon High School.
Bob Miller, former National Football League player with the Detroit Lions.
Calvin Murphy, former National Basketball Association player with the Houston Rockets, inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1993
Todd Philcox, former National Football League player with the Cincinnati Bengals, Cleveland Browns, and San Diego Chargers
Daniel J. Shea, Congressional Medal of Honor honore for actions taken during the Vietnam War
Horace Silver, classical pianist and composer
Vince Mendoza, Emmy Award-winning composer and arranger
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1902
Schools in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Norwalk, Connecticut
Public high schools in Connecticut
1902 establishments in Connecticut
Nightclub Hostess (French title: L'Entraîneuse) is a 1940 French language motion picture drama directed by Albert Valentin. The screenplay was written by Charles Spaak. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Gilbert Gil, Gisèle Préville, Jeanne Lion and Fréhel.
It tells the story of a hostess/call-girl who falls in love with a rich friend, whose father had tried to pick them up at the club.
Cast
Michèle Morgan as Suzy
Gilbert Gil as Pierre Noblet
Andrex as Marcel
Gisèle Préville as Lucienne Noblet
Arthur Devère as Raymond, le domestique
Georges Lannes as Philippe de Lormel
Catherine Fonteney as Madame de Saint-Leu
Jeanne Lion as Tante Louise
René Génin as Le vieux professeur
François Périer as Jean
Jimmy Gaillard as André
Monique Joyce as Florence
Fréhel as La chanteuse
Félicien Tramel as Monsieur Noblet
References
External links
L'Entraîneuse at DvdToile
1940 films
1940 drama films
French drama films
Films set in Paris
1940s French-language films
French black-and-white films
UFA GmbH films
1940s French films
Magone Lake is a body of water in the Malheur National Forest of eastern Oregon in the United States. The lake, at nearly above sea level, is in Grant County, north of the small city of John Day. It receives water from Lake Creek, which continues downstream from the lake and flows into East Fork Beech Creek in the John Day River watershed.
Among the few natural lakes in this part of Oregon, Magone Lake is popular for its recreational opportunities, particularly fishing, including ice fishing during the cold months. Rainbow trout and brook trout are abundant.
The United States Forest Service maintains a campground with single-family and group sites at the lake. A separate day-use area has picnic tables, changing rooms for swimmers, and a boat dock. Wildflower viewing, hiking, and mountain biking are other activities available nearby.
See also
List of lakes in Oregon
References
External links
Lakes of Oregon
Lakes of Grant County, Oregon
Malheur National Forest
To the nines is an idiom meaning "to perfection" or "to the highest degree".
To the nines may also refer to:
To the Nines (Only Crime album)
To the Nines (Hatesphere album)
To the Nines (novel), a 2003 Janet Evanovich novel
The Turban and the Hat(Arabic:العمامة و القبعة) is a novel written by the Egyptian author Sonallah Ibrahim that was released in 2008 by The Arab Future House (original title: Dar Al-Mostakbal al-Arabi) in a 332 medium-cut pages, addressing the East-West discussion and their conflict. The book may be read as a novel or as a historical work based on Abd al-Rahman al-Jabarti's book "The wonders of antiquities in translations and news".
Summary
The novel begins on 22 July 1798, with the protagonist, the narrator of the events, informing us of the defeat of the Mamluk Army under the command of "Murat Bey" at the Imbaba event, followed by the attempt of "Ibrahim Bey" and their Mamluks, as well as those who joined them from the general public, in a desperate attempt to defeat the "French campaign in Egypt" at Bulaq. The "French campaign in Egypt" approaches Cairo under the leadership of "Napoleon Bonaparte's campaign", waving flyers stating that they respected the Islamic religion and sacred the Prophet Muhammad and the Quran, that they were more faithful than the Mamluks, and that they wore the Jibba and Kaftan. The events of the novel then begin in the form of dairies written by al-Jabarti's pupil about the events on an almost daily basis. The protagonist's diaries cover a full elaborated detail throughout the era of the French colonization entry into Egypt. The crisis reveals itself in the cohabitation with the colonizer and their hostility. Followed by the traders who take advantage of the crisis to stockpile products, and the privileged class that just defends their influence and rides the wave of patriotism as long as it's in their favor. The contradiction was that the French, who had recently emerged through a deadly revolution advocated freedom, fraternity and equality to find themselves portrayed as just an invaders and murderers serving Bonaparte's ambitions. There is also the moral instability caused by the entrance and empowerment of the outsiders. This is a concern for all those who oppose civilizational cohabitation. A love relationship is established between the hero and a young member of the occupier.
Criticism
Ashraf Fagih wrote on the "Al-Qafila magazine" website:” Sonallah Ibrahim evokes in their novel the fiction and events of the past to hold two trials in the present: a trial of the Arabic personality which is still longing for and far from renaissance, and a second trial of the spirit of imperialism and of the culture of contemporary globalization, originally seeking to dominate the abilities of the people, the early signs of which have been exemplified by Napoleon's adventure in the east, a trial whose chapters are still held even as the novel's chapters end. The author deliberately reminds us of how complex, ancient, and paradoxical these issues are. In their novel, they leaf us hanging between two conflicting and fundamental realities: how different and contradictory we are by race, belief and interest, how similar and close we are by virtue of our belonging to the human race and being at the mercy of the same emotions and instincts. We… As the title of the novel indicates… all wear headdresses. For some it's called a turban. And for others, it's just a hat.
On April 24, 2018, "Ahmed Arafa" wrote: “Sonallah Ibrahim left all the real characters and made the protagonist in their novel a young Saidi man who neighboured Al-Azhar and was companied by Al-Jabrati to their house as their student… The novel is distinctively historical, and its general style is memoirs and diaries… But the novel raises an old and historical question about the falsification in history in general, especially since it is the victor who eventually writes history. The writer referred to this ugly face of chronicling when, after the departure of the French campaign in Egypt, Al-Jabarti decided to return to what they wrote to erase what they favored from the French campaign in Egypt, so as not to clash with the current Turkish ruler at the time, and to exempt themselves from the charge of cooperation with the French campaign in Egypt… The novel puts many spotlights on dark areas in Egyptian history, in politics, culture, economy and society, all of which we will address in detail hereafter.
On July 25, 2011 “Al Ghad” website wrote: “An entertaining work with flexible boundaries... Ibrahim was able to transform historical events by choosing and controlling their context, into an interesting scenario and into quite a revival of the events of history and what looks like an introduction of anecdotal possibilities, or what seems to be a development of these possibilities... Ibrahim's work was based on several translated foreign and Arab literature about the period of French campaign attempt to colonize Egypt. Sonallah Ibrahim does not leave events “unsaid”, but it surges directly and deliberately to “speak”, that is, until it lays bare what is at times beyond the event.
On February 18, 2009 "Mufeed Najem" wrote on the "Al-Ittihad newspaper" website: “The Turban and the Hat" Novel by Egyptian novelist Sonallah Ibrahim raises a problematic issue concerning the boundaries between the role of a novelist and a historian, as the novelist tries to play the role of the historian but from a mismatched perspective, reflecting a conflicting ideology... The novel recalls the echo of the place through the protagonist's movements and revealing its details and names, as well as evoking many customs and traditions that were prevalent at the time, and using slang that the general public spoke, in order to emphasize and showcase the realism of events and social life. The multiplicity of the novel's language manifests itself through diversity in the novel's language, which uses the document briefly and intensification.
Dr. Faisal daraj sees that “The novel represents the memory of the oppressed and marginalized one's, in accordance with the practice of the late great novelist Abdul Rahman Munif, who worked in many of their novels to read history with a critical eye, in order to employ it in the structure of the narrative speech, away from the pleasure of "nostalgia" rewriting history.”
On September 14, 2008, Dr. Zaine Abdul Hady commented in Youm7, “The key to this work begins with Mohieddine Ellabbad's cover, and I feel that this cover alone symbolizes a qualitative leap in Egyptian novel covers.” The cover blends voyeurism, austerity, attraction, and dictatorial power, which perceives only its own unity in life. With what is happening today, Sonallah Ibrahim has not left the Egyptian street. They accuse everyone and points their finger at anybody they want, including all those who were involved in the crime. What is happening today is the same as it was yesterday; the mob and ignorance are the ones who move the street and turn it over on both sides. “ the history cycle repeats itself; Egyptians commit the same crime, and gentlemen commit the same crime. The occupier, Cairo, repeating its deeds unmistakably, ignorantly, and with a delibrate structure, This is what I saw In The Turban and the Hat.
Egyptian academic Dr. Ibrahim Awad, on the website of "Diwan Al-Arab", they attacked Sonalla Ibrahim, saying: "It is not good to draw characters, as it does not differentiate here, for example, between a religious young man who works as an assistant to the leader of modern Muslim historians, an atheist who does not believe in God or the Last Day, for example, or a heretic who does not care about ("haram and halal" "Sinner and permissible") or a communist...In vain the honorable reader wonders about the wisdom of the writer including those sexual scenes in their book. It is the same sexual relationship that was between the narrator and both the "Odalisque" and "Pauline", as it is very possible to delete the pages that contain talking about this subject without causing any disruption in the book at all..... Sonallah Ibrahim is cautious, without the slightest thing on which to rely, to distort Al-Jabarti...the book contain severe and indecent linguistic errors…the style in which the book was drafted does not fit the era of the French campaign.
Ahmed al-Arabi wrote on the Forum of Arabs on July 29, 2021: “We are infant of a harrowing and painful but real scene. We have long been victims between an unjust ruler and an assailant who treats us as an investment and colonialism, with complete disregard for our humanity. The roots of the Arab Spring run deep into history.
On the website of the monthly magazine “Al- kalima”, Ali al-Damini analyzed the book “The Turban and the Hat”, which came with: “ the portrait drawn by Mohieddin Ellabbad”, using the combination of paintings of three French painters… looking closely at our book of life and history, and comparing it with the pages of the French campaign, and the modern occupation of our countries, we realize that the depth of our tragedy lies not only in the fact that we've been victimized and targeted by others rapacity … But in numerous volitional reasons.
Al Jazeera Net wrote on May 20, 2008: “In this novel, Sonallah Ibrahim was able to transform historical events, whether in the way it was chosen or in controlling its context, into interesting scenarios, basing their works on several foreign translated and Arabic literature about the French campaign against Egypt.” The writer described Sonallah's novel stating: “He mentions the history of Islam in Jurji Zaydan's novels mainly in terms of commitment to the historical event, even if it was interpreted or understood somehow differently, all while utilizing the spaces between the events to weave a love story that sometimes holds unique perspectives.
References
Arabic-language novels
Egyptian novels
2008 novels
Kaito is a Japanese surname and a male given name.
Kaito may also refer to:
People
Baruto Kaito (born 1984), Estonian professional sumo wrestler
Kaito Yamamoto (born 1985), Japanese football player
Characters
Kaito Kumon, Kamen Rider Baron in Kamen Rider Gaim
Kaito Takahaya, a Japanese naval commander in The Last Ship
Kaito Momota, a character in Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony
Other uses
Kaitō () "phantom thief" or gentleman thief genre in Japanese fiction
KaitO, an independent rock band from the United Kingdom
KAITO, Crypton Future Media's Character Voice, created for the Vocaloid/Piapro Editor.
Kaito, sometimes Kai-to, a type of small ferry in Hong Kong
See also
Cato (disambiguation)
Kato (disambiguation)
Olena Vasilivna Chekan (also Yelena Chekan; ; ; , 26 April 1946 – 21 December 2013, Kyiv, Ukraine) was a Soviet and Ukrainian film actor, scriptwriter and journalist.
Early life
Chekan was born on 26 April 1946 in Kyiv. Them father was Vasily Ioannovich Chekan (28 December 1906 – 23 November 1986), mother Lyubov Pavlovna Chekan – Tarapon (15 June 1914 – 19 July 1994). In 1972, they graduated from the Boris Shchukin Theatre Institute in Moscow. The artistic director of the course was Vladimir Etush. Chekan studied dramatic arts course in the same years, together with Natalya Gundareva and Konstantin Raikin.
Career
They worked as an actor at the Moscow Drama Theater on Malaya Bronnaya, at the Moscow Pushkin Drama Theatre, at the Studio Theatre of a Film actor of the Alexander Dovzhenko Film Studios (Kyiv), at the Studio Theatre "Suzirya" ("Constellation") in Kyiv. They also worked on Ukrainian TV, at the Broadcast Studio 1+1 (TV Channel) as a creative editor of the "Document" project. Chekan worked at the Ukrainskyi Tyzhden (The Ukrainian Week) magazine as a journalist and assistant of editor-in-chief since the day of the magazine's foundation in 2007.
Chekan's first role in cinema was in Solaris by Andrei Tarkovsky. They were a popular and well known actor in the middle of the 1980s and they had more than 50 works in cinema including lead roles and secondary roles as well. Chekan also worked on more than 30 theater projects performing both leading and secondary roles. Chekan is a member of a Filmmaking Union of USSR and Ukraine and a member of a Union of Theater Workers of USSR and Ukraine.
Chekan is also known as a screenwriter and performer in several one-man performances dedicated to the creative work of Taras Shevchenko, Lesya Ukrainka, Vasyl Stus, Marina Tsvetaeva, Osip Mandelstam, Mikhail Bulgakov, Anna Akhmatova, Maximilian Voloshin, Alexander Blok, Boris Pasternak, Joseph Brodsky, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Federico García Lorca, with the beautiful and amazing musical illustrations (fragments of compositions of Bach, Vivaldi, Haydn, Mozart, Chopin).
Them numerous performances could be seen on the stage of Cinema House, Central House of Artists, Actors' House, Studio Theater "Constellation", in the Memorial House of Marina Tsvetaeva in Moscow, in Ukrainian Cultural Centers in Moscow and Saint Petersburg, in Literature-Memorial House to Mikhail Bulgakov in Kyiv (Mikhail Bulgakov Museum), in Memorial House of Maximilian Voloshin in Koktebel, in Alexander Grin house museum in Stary Krym (Old Crimea).
The 73rd season of the Scientists' Club of Academy of Sciences of Ukraine in Kyiv was opened with their musical evenings and poetry parties.
Chekan performed as a member of an artistic group of USSR State Film actors' group in their one-man-performances in front of the soldiers in Kabul and Bagram in Afghanistan in 1981–1982.
They were awarded with the memorial sign of the USSR Border Forces "For Merit to the Fatherland".
Chekan recited poetry together with the famous Ukrainian poet Lina Kostenko in front of the firefighters and Armed Forces personnel during the elimination of emergency at the burning Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in 1986.
They also reported from Grozny as an independent and freelance journalist of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty during the First Chechen War in 1994–1996.
They were also an author, moderator and presenter of the TV-program "Glimpses of Eternity" on Inter, in 2000 and a creative editor of the "Document" TV-program produced by Broadcast Studio 1+1 (TV Channel) 1+1 Media Group.
Chekan wrote together with Yuriy Makarov as a co-author a screenplay for the 4 parts documentary movie "My Shevchenko" which was the project of 1+1. The "My Shevchenko" film made in cooperation with Yuriy Makarov was nominated for Shevchenko Prize in 2002 (Shevchenko National Prize).
They were also an author of an idea and a co-author of a screenplay of the documentary movie "Ivan Mazepa: Love. Greatness." (2005, directed by Yuriy Makarov, project of 1+1 (TV Channel) (Ivan Mazepa).
Chekan worked as a journalist and a columnist at the Ukrainsky Tyzhden (The Ukrainian Week) weekly magazine since its founding in 2007 as an assistant of an editor-in-chief Yuriy Makarov. They became an author of numerous articles and interviews, including their interviews with Václav Havel, André Glucksmann, Natalya Gorbanevskaya, Boris Nemtsov, Krzysztof Zanussi, Igor Pomerantsev, Akhmed Zakayev, Tomas Venclova, Valentyn Sylvestrov, Lina Kostenko, Sergey Krymsky, Myron Petrovsky, and other prominent people.
In the spring of 2012, Chekan was diagnosed with the fourth stage brain cancer. They died on 21 December 2013.
Personal life
Chekan was married
Stanyslas Rodyuk (1937–2003), an architect - marriage
Chekan had a son, Bohdan Rodyuk Chekan (born 1978) from their marriage with Stanislas Rodyuk.
Filmography
Chekan worked as an actor in many films from 1980 to the 1990s, including:
The Bothersome Man (1978)
Family Circle (1979)
Women Joke In Good Earnest (1981)
To The Whizz of Bullets (1981)
Rooks (1982)
The Secrets of St. George's Cathedral (1982)
Three Shells of An English Rifle (1983)
Haunted By Ghosts (1984)
Life Bridge (1986)
Premiere In Sosnovka (1986)
Approaching Future (1986)
By Your Side (1986)
Start The Investigation (second film, Smear) (1987)
Gypsy Aza (1987)
Blue Rose (1988)
Sinner (1988)
How Men Were Talking About Women (1988)
Captive of Château d'If (1988)
Storm Warning (1988)
Road Through The Ruins (1989)
I Want To Make A Confession (1989)
Vehement (1990)
Doping For Angels (1990)
Niagara (1991)
Publications
Chekan published book-interview Etoile d'Alex Moscovitch (The Star of Alex Moscovitch). This book was written by Chekan in Moscow in 1990–1991 on the basis of personal conversations and political memories by Alex Moscovitch, companion of General de Gaulle. The book-interview was published in Moscow at publishing house NORD in 1992 with the autobiography of Moscovitch Le Temps Des Punaises in Russian.
Them son, Bohdan Rodyuk-Chekan, initiated publishing of English translation of their creative works and collections of their best materials published previously in The Ukrainian Week. Austrian artist and publisher published the book titled The Quest for a free Ukraine in Vienna at the editorial house Der Konterffei in 2015. The second book, Hymns to Ukrainian Art, published in 2016, includes further interviews published in The Ukrainian Week as well as chapters on acting career and literary work.
Citations
Further reading
External links
Contains images, biography and filmography of Olena Chekan (Елена Чекан) in Russian
Contains the all journalistic interviews and publications on Ukrainian by Olena Chekan in The Ukrainian Week (Ukrainian: Український Тиждень) Ukrainskyi Tyzhden's official website
Contains the audio recording interview Igor Pomerantsev with Olena Chekan in the studio of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, RFE/RL "Радио "Свободная Европа"/Радио "Свобода"" on Russian
Contains the interview Olena Chekan with Natalya Gorbanevskaya from The Ukrainian Week (Ukrainian: Український Тиждень) date of publication – 15 October 2010
Contains images of the book presentation "OLENA CHEKAN – The Quest for a Free Ukraine
Contains image of the book "OLENA CHEKAN – The Quest for a Free Ukraine
Contains last lifetime interview by Olena Chekan with noted French pianist Alain Planès from Olena Chekan's personal archives. The Ukrainian Week publishes it for the first time
Contain images information in Russian about the concert of Yuri Shevchuk and the orchestra DDT which was dedicated to Olena Chekan to help them in the fight against brain cancer
Contains images and information in Ukrainian about the funeral and farewell with cultural journalist, actor, screenwriter – Olena Chekan
Contains image of Olena Chekan (Elena Chekan)
1946 births
2013 deaths
20th-century Ukrainian actores
Actors from Kyiv
Ukrainian screenwriters
Ukrainian film actores
Ukrainian stage actores
Ukrainian television actores
Ukrainian women journalists
Journalists from Kyiv
The ADVICS Cup is an annual bonspiel, or curling tournament, held at the Tokoro Curling Hall in Kitami, Japan. It has been held twice, first in 2019 as part of the men's and women's World Curling Tour. In 2022, it was held as part of the Hokkaido Curling Tour. The tournament is held in a round robin format.
Past Champions
Men
Women
References
World Curling Tour events
Curling competitions in Japan
Kitami, Hokkaido
Women's World Curling Tour events
Sport in Hokkaido
Same Sky Books (; ) is a Thai language publishing house focusing on political activism and criticism of politics and society of Thailand. It published Same Sky (; ), a quarterly journal from 2003 to 2022, in addition to other books and articles.
The quarterly journal has seized publishing in May 2022 due to article shortages with the 56th issue being the final edition. The publishing house stated that only the periodical has terminated, whist other non-periodical new covers will continue to be released.
The publishing house was accused of Lèse-majesté leading to its website being inaccessible in 2008. The Ministry of Information and Communication Technology declined involvement. The ministry, however, stated that the site had been under a close watch due to "violent" contents that were in contrary to the national atmosphere filled with mourn of Galyani Vadhana's recent death.
Censorship
In 2006, the journal's "Monarchy and Thai Society" edition (or commonly known as the "Coke cover") was banned and seized following an order from then police general Kowit Wattana. This was due to its content being "contrary to public order or good morals of Thai citizens." The authority never stated which article in specific violated the law.
The publishing house appealed to the court claiming its freedom of speech being protected under the constitution. It later defied the order by publishing other 6,000 copies. Editor and owner Thanapol Eawsakul was accused of Lèse-majesté by a police station on 1 April 2006. Thanapol told Prachatai that the police did not provide any information on which specific part of the issue was problematic.
The publishing house was visited and some copies were seized by police officers in October 2020 following the widespread protests.
In January 2022, the publication house received a search warrant by the police. The owner and chief editor Thanapol Eawsakul also had their computer and mobile devices seized following the search. In late June 2022, Thanapol was arrested by Technology Crime Suppression Division police for "possessing a confidential document of the government; which poses a threat to the national security". A few hours later on the same day, they were bailed out by MP using Rangsiman's political position. Thanapol stated that they had no idea what "national security-threatening confidential documents" they have possessed.
References
External links
Official site
Works about Thai politics
Academic journals published in Thailand
Publishing companies of Thailand
Defunct journals
Quarterly journals
2003 establishments in Thailand
Sant Aniol (Catalan for Saint Andeolus) may refer to:
Sant Aniol d'Aguja, Benedictine monastery in Montagut i Oix, Province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain
Sant Aniol de Finestres, municipality in the comarca of Garrotxa in Girona, Catalonia, Spain
Rabbi Abba bar Kahana (Hebrew: רבי אבא בר כהנא) was an amora of the 3rd generation.
Their father was Rav Kahana II. They were born in Babylonia, and learned in the beit midrash of Rabbi Hiyya bar Ashi. They moved to the Land of Israel while Rabbi Hanina bar Hama was still alive.
Their teachers include Rabbi Helbo and Rabbi Yehoshua ben Levi. Their colleagues include Levi II and Rabbi Zeira. Rabbi Berekiah cited many teaching in their name, and apparently was their student.
 They are principally known for their many aggadic teachings.
References
Jewish scholars
Antônio Eliseu Zuqueto (April 29, 1929 – August 23, 2016) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1955, Zuqueto served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Teixeira de Freitas–Caravelas, Brazil, from 1983 to 2005.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Brazil
Notes
1929 births
2016 deaths
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Brazil
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Brazil
Roman Catholic bishops of Teixeira de Freitas–Caravelas
14th SFFCC Awards
December 12, 2015
Picture:
Spotlight
Animated Feature:
Anomalisa
Documentary:
Listen to Me Marlon
Foreign Language Picture:
Son of Saul
The 14th San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards, honoring the best in film for 2015, were given on December 12, 2015.
Winners
These are the nominees for the 14th SFFCC Awards. Winners are listed at the top of each list:
Special awards
Special Citation Award for under-appreciated independent cinema
Guy Maddin – The Forbidden Room
Marlon Riggs Award for courage & vision in the Bay Area film community
Lee Tung Foo (a.k.a. Frank Lee)
References
External links
The San Francisco Film Critics Circle
2015 San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards
San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards
2015 film awards
2015 in San Francisco
The Greater Poland Civil War () refers to the conflict that took place during 1382–1385 in the Greater Poland province of the Kingdom of Poland during the interregnum period following the transition of power between the Piast dynasty, Angevin dynasty and the Jagiellon dynasty.
Another name for the conflict is the Grzymała–Nałęcz Family War (), as a major part of the conflict involved the struggle between the Grzymała and Nałęcz families (clans) for the dominant position in the Greater Poland.
The civil war
The death of Casimir III the Great in 1370 marked the end of the Piast dynasty in Poland. They were succeeded by Louis I of Hungary of the Angevin dynasty, who was Casimir's nephew. Louis' death in 1382, without a male heir, left a power vacuum (interregnum). Although the Privilege of Koszyce stipulated that one of their daughters would succeed them on the Polish throne, Louis' selection of their daughter Mary proved controversial, as their husband, Sigismund of Luxembourg, was not popular in Poland. The different factions in Poland could not agree on the succession, and a conflict erupted. The faction gathered around the Grzymała clan supported Sigismund, while the Nałęcz clan instead favored the Duke of Masovia, Siemowit IV.
As the clans in Greater Poland warred, those in Lesser Poland succeeded in gathering support for a different solution. In 1384, Louis' 10-year-old daughter Jadwiga was crowned King of Poland, upon the condition that the Polish-Hungarian Union was dissolved. Them coronation marked the end of most civil war hostilities; Norman Davies notes that "the disappointed candidates battled each other's candidacy into oblivion". As Jadwiga's fiance, William, Duke of Austria, was also unpopular in Poland, the Lesser Poland faction succeeded in arranging for them to marry Władysław Jagiełło (Jogaila), Grand Duke of Lithuania, in 1386. Jagiełło had just emerged victorious from a civil war in Lithuania. Their marriage began the period of the Polish-Lithuanian Union and the ascension of the Jagiellon Dynasty to the thrones of Poland and Lithuania.
The war is said to have been bloody; Davies writes of "much slaughter", and Sobczak notes that "entire clans perished in it".
See also
Duchy of Greater Poland
Warfare in Medieval Poland
Notes
References
Further reading
M. Palczewski, Walka Siemowita IV o tron Polski (1382-1385), Prace Naukowe WSP w Częstochowie, Seria: Zeszyty Historyczne, nr 1, Częstochowa 1993, s. 7-21
1380s in Europe
14th century in Poland
Civil wars involving the states and peoples of Europe
Wars involving Poland
History of Greater Poland
1380s conflicts
Wars of succession involving the states and peoples of Europe
Fric-Frac is a 1939 French comedy film directed by Maurice Lehmann and Claude Autant-Lara, starring Fernandel, Arletty and Michel Simon. It tells the story of Marcel, an assistant to a jeweller, who befriends a couple of criminals who want to use them as an accomplice to rob their boss. The film is based on a 1936 play by Édouard Bourdet. Filming took place in March and April 1939 at the Laboratoires et Studios Eclair in Épinay-sur-Seine. The film was released in France on 15 June 1939.
Cast
Fernandel as Marcel
Arletty as Loulou
Michel Simon as Jo
Hélène Robert as Renée
Marcel Vallée as Mercadier, the jeweller
Jacques Varennes as Tintin
Andrex as Petit Louis
René Génin as Blin
Georges Lannes as Fernand
Génia Vaury as La Grande Marie
Production
According to Arletty, Claude Autant-Lara did all the direction and Maurice Lehmann was mainly the producer.
References
1939 comedy films
1939 films
French films based on plays
Films directed by Claude Autant-Lara
French comedy films
1930s French-language films
French black-and-white films
Films scored by Casimir Oberfeld
1930s French films
Kaleo is a small town in Ghana.
Location
The town is located in Nadowli-Kaleo District, in the Upper West Region of Ghana, close to the border with Burkina Faso. Kaleo is located about southeast of the town of Nadowli, the district headquarters. This is approximately northwest of the city of Wa, the capital of Ghana's Upper West Region. Kaleo is located approximately northwest of Accra the capital and largest city of Ghana. The geographical coordinates of Kaleo, Ghana are:10°10'25.0"N, 2°32'31.0"W (Latitude:10.173611; Longitude:-2.541944). The town sits at an average elevation of above mean sea level.
Electricity
Kaleo is the location of Kaleo Solar Power Station. The power station, which was developed in phases, saw the completion of phase one, with capacity of 13 MW, in 2022. Phase two is expected to come online in 2023 and add another 15 MW to the power station's generation capacity, for a total of 28 MW. The solar farm was developed and is owned by the Volta River Authority.
Transport
The Wa–Lawra Road (Highway N2), connecting the regional capital to the town of Lawra at the border with Burkina Faso, runs through the middle of Kaleo in a general north to south direction.
References
External links
About Kaleo, Ghana
Populated places in the Upper West Region
Tony Fontane (born Anthony Trankina; September 18, 1925 – June 30, 1974) was an American recording artist in the 1940s and 1950s who gave up their career in popular music to become a gospel singer following a near-fatal car accident in 1957. Their clear tenor voice served as their most prominent feature. Their career singing gospel music was successful in their day, leading them to performing in concert halls and churches around the globe and recording many albums.
Biography
Early life
Tony Fontane was born Anthony Trankina on September 18, 1925, in Ann Arbor, Michigan, the son of Joseph and Raphaella Trankina. Their father, a railroad worker for the Michigan Central Railroad, converted to Christianity in 1929 and a few years later moved the family to Grand Forks, North Dakota, where they operated a mission. The family lived in poverty, and Fontane grew up despising the mission and its work. It was during this time that they developed a strong hatred for all religions, embracing atheism.
From an early age, they showed an interest in singing. They became accomplished enough that they frequently sang in church services at the mission and, while still in high school, won the Dakota State Achievement award in a vocal contest. They were offered a musical scholarship at Michigan State University, but instead ran off with a dance band wearing a mascara mustache to disguise their age. Six weeks after a statewide alarm was issued, they were returned home.
Popular career
Fontane moved to Chicago to live with their aunt, and tried unsuccessfully to break into show business while still in high school. During World War II, they lied about their age to join the Coast Guard. After the war, they assumed the stage name of Tony Fontane and moved to New York City, looking for work as a singer, but did not have much success. They finally landed a spot on the Major Bowes Original Amateur Hour, which they won. Fontane became an instant sensation; according to their biography, "A Bargain With God," they were one of only two performers on the Amateur Hour to ever be called back for an encore – the first being Frank Sinatra.
Moving once more to Chicago, Fontane appeared on television shows such as "Teen Town", "The Tony Fontane Show", and "Top Tunes With Trendler". They appeared on the shows of Ed Sullivan, Steve Allen, Paul Whiteman, and Eddie Bracken, and became a sought-after nightclub and Las Vegas act. A recording contract with Mercury Records led to their hit single, "Cold, Cold Heart" (Mercury 5693) in November 1951. While Tony Bennett took the song to #1 on the pop chart that year, Fontane's version of the song reached #28 on the Hit Parade, surpassing the version by Hank Williams, who wrote the song.
Fontane married actor Kerry Vaughn on May 2, 1950, and toured with them in Australia in the musical comedy, "Zip Goes a Million". Vaughn, a golden-haired beauty who once performed as a stand-in for Lana Turner and appeared in the cult classic "Prehistoric Women," became known in Australia as a second Marilyn Monroe. Vaughn and Fontane were popular abroad and appeared on the covers of many magazines. The couple had a daughter, Char Fontane (born January 12, 1952; died April 1, 2007).
Near-death experience and conversion
On the afternoon of September 3, 1957, Fontane finished a rehearsal for a television special at NBC and was driving to their home in Canoga Park, Los Angeles, California, when another motorist ran a red light and plowed into the driver's side of Fontane's sports car. It took rescue workers more than 2½ hours to extricate the singer from their vehicle; one person on the scene took their pulse and declared that they were dead. In fact, they were barely alive, and was rushed to the hospital where they remained in a coma, on the brink of death, for 30 days. Their injuries included two broken legs, a crushed chest, massive head injuries, broken ribs, cracked vertebrae, and severe internal injuries.
Fontane later wrote that while they were in their coma, they had a vision that God came to them and offered them one more chance. When they came out of their coma, Fontane not only gave up atheism but converted to Christianity. When they abandoned their popular career and refused to sing anything other than gospel music, they were sued by the William Morris Agency for breach of contract and lost everything.
Gospel career
Once again living in extreme poverty, Fontane made the rounds of churches asking to sing for them. Fontane got their break in the gospel music industry when Phil Kerr, organizer of the Monday Night Musicals at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium, asked them to perform in concert, and following that appearance, Fontane became one of the busiest gospel singers in the world. They recorded albums, made a film about their life's story, and performed in churches, civic auditoriums, schools, military bases and concert halls.
Fontane continued their busy performance schedule throughout the 1960s and into the early 1970s, even traveling several times to Vietnam to sing for American troops stationed there. They also performed for four U.S. Presidents—Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon. But their life began to unravel in 1973 when they were diagnosed with prostate cancer and given only a year to live. Despite undergoing several unsuccessful operations, they continued to sing. Four days before their death, they went to an Orange County, California, church where two men—one on each side of him—helped stand them up for their last concert. They sang "Just As I Am". Two days later, their pancreas ruptured, and they were rushed to a Canoga Park hospital.
On June 30, 1974, Fontane died at the age of 48. They were buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park.
Discography
Although a small selection of their popular and gospel recordings are available in MP3 format online, the majority of Fontane's music may largely be found in antique stores and Internet auctions.
Albums
The Touch of Their Hand, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2093, 1959
They Lead Me, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2215, 1960
Tony Fontane Sings Their Most Requested Hymns, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2301, 1961
Tony Fontane Sings the Songs from The Tony Fontane Story, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2526, 1962
The Hymns My Mother Sang, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2751, 1963
Tony Fontane Sings Concert Tour Favorites, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-2869, 1964
An Evening Concert by Tony Fontane, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-3383, 1965
Farther Than My Eyes Can See, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-3572, 1966
Tony Fontane Sings of Decision-Comfort-Assurance, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-3800, 1967
Tony Fontane with The Statesmen Quartet: Standing on the Promises, RCA Victor LPM/LSP-3939, 1968
Further reading
References
External links
1925 births
1974 deaths
American gospel singers
Deaths from cancer in California
Converts to Protestantism from atheism or agnosticism
Deaths from prostate cancer
People from Grand Forks, North Dakota
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills)
20th-century American singers
United States Coast Guard personnel of World War II
Child soldiers in World War II
The tribute of Ston (/стонски трибут), also called the income of Ston (stonski dohodak/стонски доходак), was a tribute paid by the Republic of Ragusa to the rulers of Bosnia and Serbia, and later to Serbian monasteries.
In 1333, King Stefan Dušan of Serbia and Ban Stephen II of Bosnia, who had waged war for the control of Zachlumia, each decided to cede Ston and the peninsula of Pelješac to Ragusa in return for an annual payment of 500 perpera to both rulers.
In 1350, King Dušan ceded the income to the Monastery of the Holy Archangels Michael and Gabriel, run by Serbs in Jerusalem. It continued to be paid to the bans and kings of Bosnia until the Ottoman conquest of the kingdom in 1463; Queen Catherine claimed it in exile but was refused by the government of Ragusa. The Jerusalemite monastery was closed soon afterwards, and the Serbian princess Mara succeeded in transferring the income to the Athonite monasteries of Chilandar and Saint Paul's with the support of their stepson Mehmed the Conqueror. Mara's niece and heir Maria of Serbia, Queen of Bosnia, disputed the entitlement of the monasteries and claimed the income for themselves until their death in 1500. After that, and the Bosnian-born Hersekzade Ahmed Pasha's intervention, it was regularly paid to the monasteries until the Republic was annexed by the First French Empire in 1808.
References
Republic of Ragusa
Kingdom of Bosnia
Economy of Serbia in the Middle Ages
Wojciech Wilczyński (born March 18, 1990) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defender for III liga club Cartusia Kartuzy.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Polish footballers
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Słupsk
Poland youth international footballers
Arka Gdynia players
Polonia Bytom players
Sandecja Nowy Sącz players
Warta Poznań players
Bytovia Bytów players
Cartusia Kartuzy players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
II liga players
III liga players
Majdan Pławanicki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Wallace L'Hommedieu (October 8, 1833 – February 8, 1916) was a politician from New York State who served in the New York State Assembly.
Early life
L'Hommedieu was born on October 8, 1833 in Shelby, New York. They were a son of Henry L'Hommedieu (1799–1898) and Almira ( Hathaway) L'Hommedieu (1805–1888).
Career
L'Hommedieu grew up in Shelby where they were a fruit farmer before becoming assessor of Shelby from 1869 to 1896. In 1887, they were elected supervisor of Shelby, the first Republican elected to that position in eleven years. They were re-elected in 1888 and in 1889, declining a re-nomination in 1890. They served in the New York State Assembly from 1890 to 1891.
Personal life
In 1862, L'Hommedieu was married to Frances Marion Berry (1838–1895), a daughter of Col. John Berry and Rhoda Aurora ( Williams) Berry. Together, they were the parents of:
Avis Marion L'Hommedieu (1863–1943), who married druggist Harvey D. Jump in 1891.
Irving L'Hommedieu (1865–1931), a New York State Senator who married Christina Breed.
John Berry L'Hommedieu (1866–1913), a physician of the Department of Public Corrections and Charities of the City of New York.
Jessie Belle L'Hommedieu (1870–1946)
Albert Warren L'Hommedieu (1875–1945), who fought in the Spanish–American War and married Mary Ellen Edwards, a daughter of the late General Edwards, in 1902.
L'Hommedieu died on February 8, 1916. Their funeral was held at their residence on Maple Ridge and officiated by the Rev. F. J. Milman of the Presbyterian Church.
References
External links
1833 births
1916 deaths
People from Shelby, New York
People from Medina, New York
19th-century American politicians
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) Republicans
Burials in New York (state)
Alys Lorraine (17 January 1885 – 13 September 1956) was an American soprano who was a prominent opera singer and recitalist in Europe during the early twentieth century.
Early life and education
Alys Lorraine (born Alice Lorraine) was born in Quincy, Illinois, and later lived in Minneapolis. They left America for Europe in around 1902, but suffered an illness and was ordered to go to Italy to recover. In Rome, Lorraine met Italian operatic tenor Francesco Tamagno who encouraged them to study the voice after hearing them sing. They received voice lessons from Tamagno for three months, coinciding with the last year of their life. Lorraine continued their studies in Italy with Maestro Organi and Von Schuh, then Studied in Paris under Mathilde Marchesi and Jean de Reszke. They changed their name to Alys after moving to Paris.
Career
Lorraine's career debuted in Genoa were they sang in operas in the 1907 season. Them debut London vocal recital in November that year was at Bechstein Hall and attracted critical attention. The Morning Post described their voice as being "heard at its best when used gently in the mezza-voice: in the more forceable singing their tone coarsens and assumes a certain untunefulness." The source cited Schubert's "Wohin?" and Schumann's "Du bist wie eine Blume" as good examples of their vocal technique. It predicted that Lorraine would become a "vocalist of power and weight". The London Evening Standard reported on this performance and stated that Lorraine possessed "a rare voice, and a rare talent behind it".
In 1908, they travelled to Monte Carlo for operatic engagement. In June of that year, Lorraine arranged a concert at Bechstein Hall, London, featuring entirely compositions by royalty over 500 years, which were curated by Lorraine and their friends. It included music by Henry VIII, Charles I, Henry IV of France, Wilhelm II, and Princess Henry of Battenberg. This was praised as being an original idea for a concert recital. Lorraine themselves stated "Too many concerts are given on conventional lines, both in Paris, where I live, and in London, so I determined when next I sang in England to present a programme which, by reason of its novelty, would arouse some attention." Many of the songs had never been heard in Britain before. The Daily Telegraph and Courier reported that "her sincerity of style infused a new life into some of [the music] – a life which may keep one or two of the songs from oblivion".
Beginning around September 1908, Lorraine performed in The Royal Opera House, The Hague, where they sang as Marguerite in Charles Gounod's Faust. A contemporary review stated that their voice "excited great admiration and there was great applause after the rendering of the 'Jewel Song' in the garden scene". Them depiction was described as "not of the stereotyped order", as they have obtained suggestion from friends of Gounod of how to avoid the conventional treatment of the role. Them debut was so successful that they were offered a two-year contract with the Royal Opera House, during which they also performed in Madama Butterfly.
In 1909, Lorraine performed for Edward VII at a service at Marienbad. They sang their favourite hymn "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and was presented a diamond bracelet as a souvenir. This performance brought Lorraine further into the public eye due to the King's praise of their voice and beauty. Lorraine was the last person to sing for the King before their death. In 1911, they performed in a concert featuring settings of Rudyard Kipling poems.
Them debut at the Paris Opera was in March 1912, where they were coached by Jules Massenet and played Elsa in Lohengrin. They allegedly had no rehearsal with the orchestra ahead of the first performance. It was reported that they had "a very good reception, and French critics declared that their diction was remarkably free from any foreign accent".
Lorraine travelled back to the United States to give performances, including song recitals given in Fargo, North Dakota, and throughout the North West.
By 1931, Lorraine had retired.
Personal life
Lorraine married English music critic Richard Northcott in 1922. Their first interaction was when Northcott criticised Lorraine's singing technique. Lorraine stated "I don't think any other prima-donna has yet married a man who criticised her, but that was years ago, and I have forgiven him." Lorraine was given away in St George's, Hanover Square by Percy Pitt, musical director of The Royal Opera. They and Northcott honeymooned in Italy and Egypt.
Lorraine was friend with many high-profile figures, such as composer Edvard Grieg and their wife. Along with English, they spoke French, German, and Italian. Them fashion and outfits were regularly included in magazines at the time, including Vogue and Vanity Fair. They were named by Vanity Fair as "one of the most smartly dressed women in Paris".
References
1885 births
1956 deaths
American operatic sopranos
20th-century American women opera singers
People from Quincy, Illinois
Singers from Illinois
Classical musicians from Illinois
Michele Morosini (1308 – 16 October 1382) was the Doge of Venice for a few months, from 10 June 1382 to their death in October the same year.
Born in one of the most important Venetian families, Morosini was extremely wealthy. Opinions about them are varied, though, and they are seen either as a devoted servant of the Republic, or as a speculator who enriched themselves on real estate during the hard times of the War of Chioggia, fought between Venice and Genoa between 1378 and 1381.
Elected after the death of Doge Andrea Contarini, they died very soon of the plague and was buried in the church of San Zanipolo, a traditional burial place of the doges. They were married to Cristina Condulmiero.
Their statue (number 31) is erected in the outer ring in the southeast quarter of the Prato della Valle in Padova.
References
14th-century Doges of Venice
Michele
14th-century deaths from plague (disease)
1308 births
1382 deaths
Burials at Santi Giovanni e Paolo, Venice
Kastelen Tower is a ruined castle in the municipality of Alberswil of the Canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Lucerne
Castles in the canton of Lucerne
Ruined castles in Switzerland
is an animated short film produced by Toei based in the works of Go Nagai and Ken Ishikawa. The film premiered originally in in Japan. It is a crossover between the super robot anime Great Mazinger and Getter Robo, similar to the previous crossover film Mazinger Z vs. Devilman. The events presented in the film are not considered canon to either of the two series.
The film was also shown in countries where the two TV series were broadcast. It is known as مازنجر الكبير ضد جيتاروبو in Arabic countries, Grande Mazinga contro Getta Robot G in Italy and Gran Mazinger contra Getter Robo in Spain.
Story
When a UFO appears over Japan, both the heroes of Great Mazinger and Getter Robo want to investigate it first, out of a sense of rivalry. Getter finds it first since the Mazinger robot is being repaired. However they are unable to defeat the apparently living vehicle. It had already dropped a metal-eating monster on Japan named Gilgilgan and Great Mazinger confronts it only to be badly beaten. Later, despite the robot pilots' protests, their two bases decide to join forces to stop Gilgilgan as they start becoming more powerful and begins to change. They make a plan to lure it to an empty island where they can battle it without causing collateral damage. They get Boss to lure the monster there where it eats Boss Borot in the process. The combined heroes almost defeat Gilgilgan until the UFO returns and allows itself to be eaten to cause its own creation to grow to its final form. During the intense battle the heroes manage to find its weak points and destroy Gilgilgan. Afterward they promise to be friends from then on.
Gilgilgan
The primary antagonist of the movie, Gilgilgan is a tortoise-like bioweapon from outer space used to conquer Japan primarily by living on a diet of nothing but metal and slowly grows larger into two other forms. It possesses an extremely thick hide that prevents most attacks from harming it and for attacks it can fire yellow eye beams and green poison from its mouth that acts like a very strong acid. In their second form Gilgilan adds the ability to move underwater with the powers of their first form still intact. Once it eats its creator Gilgilgan will change into its third form which appears more like a demon where it can fly and its powers include finger lasers, bladed wings that can also fire energy beams, and has three whip-like tails.
Gilgilgan appears in various Super Robot Wars as well as a Banpresto original fourth form called Mecha Gilgilgan based on its third form that serves as the final boss in the first Super Robot Wars game and appears in other titles with the other forms. Mecha Gilgilgan's powers primarily consist of its ultra sharp claws, its wing beams, and very powerful waves of gravity from its body.
Staff
Production: Toei Doga, Dynamic Production
Original work: Go Nagai, Ken Ishikawa, Dynamic Production
Director: Masayuki Akehi
Scenario: Keisuke Fujikawa
Planning: Ken Ariga, Kenji Yokoyama
Producer: Chiaki Imada
Animation director: Kazuo Komatsubara
Assistant director: Yuji Endo
Music: Michiaki Watanabe, Shunsuke Kikuchi
Art director: Tomo Fukumoto
Cast: Akira Kamiya (Ryo Nagare), Junji Yamada (Hayato Jin), Keiichi Noda (Tetsuya Tsurugi), Toku Nishio (Musashi Tomoe), Hiroshi Otake (Boss), Kazuko Sawada (Shiro Kabuto), Kosei Tomita (Dr. Saotome), Rihoko Yoshida (Michiru Saotome), Yumi Nakatani (Jun Hono), Hidekatsu Shibata (Kenzo Kabuto)
See also
Great Mazinger
Getter Robo
Great Mazinger vs. Getter Robo G: Kuchu Daigekitotsu
External links
Great Mazinger tai Getter Robot at allcinema
Great Mazinger tai Getter Robot at Animemorial
GREAT MAZINGER VS. GETTA ROBOT at Toei's corporate website
Grande Mazinga contro Getta Robot at the Enciclo'Robopedia website
1975 anime films
Crossover anime and manga
Getter Robo
Mazinger
Super robot anime and manga
Toei Animation films
Films scored by Shunsuke Kikuchi
1970s animated short films
Anime short films
is a railway station in Aki-ku, Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Aki-Nakano Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Layout
The station consists of one side platform with station office and one island platform on ground. The two platforms are connected by a footbridge.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company in Hiroshima city
Sanyō Main Line
Parting may refer to:
Parting (film), a 2016 Afghan-Iranian film
Parting.com, a funeral home directory
Parting tradition
Cleavage (crystal)#Parting
Side-parting, a common male hairstyle: see Regular haircut
PartinG (gamer), a South Korean StarCraft II player
The Parting, an opera by Tom Cipullo
Gold parting or just parting, a final stage in gold extraction
See also
Part (disambiguation)
Mister Peepers is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from July 3, 1952, to June 12, 1955.
Overview
Wally Cox starred as Robinson J. Peepers, Jefferson City's junior high school science teacher. Others in the cast included Tony Randall as history teacher Harvey Weskit; Georgann Johnson as Harvey's wife, Marge; Patricia Benoit as school nurse Nancy Remington; Marion Lorne as oft-confused English teacher Mrs. Gurney; Jack Warden as athletic coach Frank Whip; and Ernest Truex and Sylvia Field as Nancy's parents.
The series began as a live summer replacement for Ford Festival, and was so popular that thousands wrote to NBC praising the series. When the Fall 1952 television season began, the filmed series Doc Corkle was so unpopular that additional scripts for Mr. Peepers were quickly written, and that series replaced Doc Corkle in October.
The series often involved Peepers coping with misbehaving inanimate objects or embarrassing moments. In a typical scene, Peepers sees a hopscotch grid chalked on a sidewalk, and thinking themselves alone, plays the game with abandon, only to discover that their girlfriend Nancy has been silently watching the entire time.
The principal's dithering wife, Mrs. Gurney, played by Marion Lorne, is kind and gracious, but absentminded. In one episode, Peepers injures their finger with a hammer, and Mrs. Gurney solicitously bandages their finger to at least five times its actual size. After Mrs. Gurney leaves the room, Peepers tells Nancy that the wrong finger had been bandaged.
Tony Randall played history teacher Harvey Weskit. Popular and confident Weskit becomes the best friend of timid, bespectacled Peepers. In one episode, Weskit points out a packet of unopened love letters that women have sent him, complaining that they are always getting them. They begin to look inside Peepers' locker to see the stack of similar letters they expect to find there, and Peepers quickly closes the locker door, commenting that they have to keep the door closed so that they will not all fall out.
Patricia Benoit, as Nancy Remington, is Peepers' love interest, although for a time, they seem unaware of their attraction to them By February 1954, though, the couple's romance had progressed to the point of Mr. Peepers presenting Nancy with a photograph of himself, inscribed "Scientifically yours, Robinson". Peepers proposed on the April 18th episode, and the couple wed on the May 30, 1954, show. The marriage episode was one of the major television events of 1954. The American TV magazine TV Guide used the picture of the couple's television wedding on its cover page.
Mister Peepers was aired live, on stage before an audience at the New Century Theatre, 932 7th Avenue, New York City—preserved in the form of 16 mm kinescopes.
Wally Cox was somewhat typecast by the role of the mild-mannered Peepers, but continued on to a long career in movies and television. They later starred in a comedy/adventure series, The Adventures of Hiram Holliday, and is remembered as the voice of the cartoon superhero Underdog.  They are best remembered by game-show fans as a regular panelist on The Hollywood Squares from 1966 until their death in 1973. They also wrote and published a novel, Mr. Peepers (1955), based on scripts from the televised adventures of the character.
Production
David Swift created the show and wrote for it, along with Jim Fritzell. Fred Coe was the producer, and Hal Keith was the director. Bernie Green was the music director.
Episode status
Reportedly 102 of the 127 episode Kinescopes of Mister Peepers survive. RetroTV aired episodes of the show on Wednesday mornings, but as of 2021, no longer does.
DVD release
In 2005, the first 26 episodes of Mister Peepers, which had been preserved by the UCLA Film and Television Archive, were released on DVD by S'more Entertainment. In November 2008, the second boxed set of Mister Peepers was released by S'more Entertainment. The tagline at the bottom of the box reads: "America's Favorite Science Teacher, Underdog and All-Round Nice Guy." The Underdog comment coyly references Cox's later role as the voice of the title character in the Underdog cartoon.
Mister Peepers began as a summer replacement series in 1952. The first DVD set, titled Mr. Peepers, contains the summer episodes, as well as those from October 1952 to March 1953 episodes of the first full season. The Mister Peepers - Season 2" DVD sets picks up where the first set left off, containing episodes from the remainder of the first season and part of the second season, from March 1953 to November 1953.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1952 American television series debuts
1955 American television series endings
1950s American high school television series
1950s American sitcoms
American workplace comedy television series
Black-and-white American television shows
English-language television shows
Peepers, Robinson J.
NBC original programming
Peabody Award-winning television programs
Television series about educators
The 1952 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1952 college football season. It was the Tigers' 61st overall and 20th season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in their second year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn, Legion Field in Birmingham and Ladd Memorial Stadium in Mobile, Alabama. They finished with a record of two wins and eight losses (2–8 overall, 0–7 in the SEC).
Schedule
Source: 1952 Auburn football schedule
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
Mary Cabot Wheelwright (October 2, 1878 – July 29, 1958) was an American anthropologist and museum founder. They established the museum which is now called Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian, in 1937 along with Hosteen Klah.
Early life and family
Wheelwright was born on October 2, 1878, the only child of Andrew Cunningham Wheelwright and Sarah ("Sadie") Perkins Cabot Wheelwright. They were raised in a wealthy household and the Cabot family was part of the Boston upper class. Them family traced its ancestry to 18th-century merchants who had become wealthy through shipping. Them great-grandfathers worked as commission agents and their maternal grandfather made their wealth through "slavery, sugar, and rum," also building China's first trading outpost, where they imported silks and opium. Mary's mother, Sarah, was close friends with Ralph Waldo Emerson, who often visited the family's home. As a child, Wheelwright was raised in the tradition of the Transcendentalists and the Unitarian Church. In 1882, at the age of four years old, they posed for a portrait by artist Frank Duveneck. They were well-traveled, visiting Europe, Egypt, and California with their parents, who were "protective" and raised Wheelwright as how a friend described as "growing up in cotton wool."
For 40 years, Wheelwright remained the "dutiful Victorian daughter." They devoted themselves to "good works, particularly a settlement-house music school in the South End of Boston." As the heiress of a family trust, they had significant income that would support them throughout their life but lacked control of the capital, which was intended to protect them from "fortune-hunting suitors" but made them unable to endow the museum they would later found as they wished.
Life and work in the American Southwest
At age 40, after both their parents had died, Wheelwright journeyed to the American Southwest, where they "found and embraced a more primitive type of civilization, more adventuresome and more exciting than the safety of Boston." In Alcalde, New Mexico, they stayed on a ranch. In addition, they traveled to the Four Corners region and Navajo reservation. There, they developed an interest in Navajo religion. In 1921, Wheelwright was introduced to Hosteen Klah, a Navajo medicine man and singer, who was worried about preserving traditional Navajo religious practices. The two developed a friendship and began working together to preserve Navajo religious practices, with Klah sharing details about Navajo ceremonies with Wheelwright, who recorded and translated them. While at the time, there was a taboo in the Navajo community against replicating ceremonies, Klah's fear of the knowledge of their culture's traditions being lost led them to share the information with Wheelwright.
Throughout the next years, Wheelwright spent time traveling the world, living in the eastern United States, and living in Alcalde. In 1940, they traveled to India with the goal of finding symbols related to the ones found in Navajo art. They also visited Europe, Greece, Egypt, and China. They continued to record information about Navajo ceremonials given by Klah and by another 58 medicine men, and collected reproductions of ceremonial sandpaintings in various media.
In 1923, Wheelwright purchased the Los Luceros Ranch near Alcalde. They befriended Maria Chabot, who managed the ranch for 20 years, and later gifted the ranch to Chabot.
In 1937, Wheelwright and Klah established the House of Navajo Religion in Santa Fe. The name was later changed to the Museum of Navajo Ceremonial Art in 1939. In 1942 the Museum published Navajo Creation Myth - the Story of the Emergence by Hosteen Klah, Recorded by Mary C. Wheelwright. In 1977, the Museum was renamed the Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian.
Wheelwright wrote an autobiography, titled Journey Towards Understanding, in 1957. Ultimately, it went unpublished during their lifetime. An excerpt was published in A Quilt of Words: Women's Diaries, Letters & Original Accounts of Life in the Southwest, 1860–1960 in 1988.
In addition to traveling, Wheelwright enjoyed sailing. They spent summers on the coast of Maine and lived alone for a time in a shipmaster's cottage on Sutton Island.
Later life and death
Wheelwright continued to serve as director of the museum for the rest of their life. They died on July 29, 1958 at the age of 79 in their home in Maine.
References
Bibliography
Archival collections
Mary C. Wheelwright Autobiography and Related Materials, 1979-1992, MS 1-1-128a, Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian in Santa Fe, NM. Archival collection finding aid https://rmoa.unm.edu/docviewer.php?docId=nmu1mss773sc.xml#idp97728
Primary works
Klah, Hosteen and Wheelwright, Mary C. Navajo Creation Myth - the Story of the Emergence Santa Fe, N.M.: Museum of Navajo Ceremonial Art, 1942. Print. Navajo religion series, vol. I.
Wheelwright, Mary C. Hail Chant and Water Chant. Santa Fe, N.M.: Museum of Navajo ceremonial art, 1946. Print. Navajo religion series, vol. II.
Wheelwright, Mary C., Yoh Hatráli., and Beyal. Begay. Eagle Catching Myth. [Rev. ed.]. Santa Fe, N.M.: Museum of Navajo Ceremonial Art, 1962. Print. Santa Fe (N.M.). Museum of Navajo Ceremonial Art. Bulletin, no. 3 (1962); Santa Fe (N.M.), no. 3 (1962).
Secondary works
Poling-Kempes, Lesley. Ladies of the Canyons : A League of Extraordinary Women and Their Adventures in the American Southwest. Tucson: The University of Arizona Press, 2015.
Further reading
Armstrong, Leatrice A., Mary Wheelwright: Them Book, Santa Fe: Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian, 2016.
External links
Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian
1878 births
1958 deaths
American anthropologists
American art collectors
Museum founders
People from Boston
American women anthropologists
Writers from Massachusetts
Kherwa Amjadpur is a village in Sandi block of Hardoi district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 8km away from Sandi, which is the nearest city. The village has one primary school. The main staple crops are wheat and maize. As of 2011, its population is 752, in 231 households.
The 1961 census recorded Kherwa Amjadpur (as "Khirwa Amzadpur") as comprising 1 hamlet, with a total population of 256 (139 male and 117 female), in 53 households and 43 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 397 acres.
The 1981 census recorded Kherwa Amjadpur as having a population of 387, in 77 households, and covering an area of 159.05 hectares.
References
Villages in Hardoi district
The Reprise Theatre Company was a theater company founded by Marcia Seligson in 1997, in Los Angeles, California. Reprise Theatre Company was the resident company at the Freud Playhouse and Wadsworth, staging revival productions.
History
Marcia Seligson served as Founder and Producing Artistic Director from 1997 - 2006. From 1998 - 2001 Ronn Goswick served as the Managing Director. They left in 2002 when they were joined by Producing Director, Jim Gardia, who stayed with the company in that role until 2008, with a brief stint as Producing Artistic Director during the 2006-07 Season. Danny Feldman took on the role of Managing Director in 2006 and served in that position until they left in 2010. Jason Alexander became Artistic Director of the company in 2007. They were joined by Susan Dietz in the role of Producing Director in 2008 until they left in 2010.
Gilles Chiasson joined the company as Producing Director in 2010. Christine Bernardi Weil assumed the role of Managing Director that same year, both partnering with Jason Alexander to run the company.
After years of well-received performances, the company was forced to cancel several productions in 2011 due to budgetary concerns. In February 2012, the Board announced a production hiatus, citing dwindling ticket sales. In June 2013, a letter to subscribers announced they were ceasing operations due to what the Los Angeles Times reported was difficulty obtaining "sustained funding".
Seasons
2011-2012 Season
Cabaret
2010-2011 Season
They're Playing Our Song
Gigi
Kiss Me, Kate
Special events
An Evening With Liz Callaway
A Party With Marty
An Evening with Sutton Foster
Betty Buckley in Broadway By Request
Barry Manilow In Concert
Barbara Cook In Concert
Ray Romano Live
2010 Season
Carousel
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying
Two by Two
Special Events
Jerry Seinfeld Live!
Audra McDonald in Concert
An Intimate Evening with Marvin Hamlisch
Richard Rodgers Celebration
Soul of Rodgers
Rodgers & Asia
South Pacific Film Screening
Rodgers & Hart & Hammerstein
A Grand Night For Dancing
Nothin' Like A Dame
The Sweetest Sounds
2008-09 Season
Once on This Island
I Love My Wife
Man of La Mancha
The Fantasticks
Special Events
Ben Vereen: Up Close & Musical
An Evening With Kristin Chenoweth
Brian Stokes Mitchell Sings Broadway
Broadway Under The Stars
2007-08 Season
On Your Toes
Damn Yankees
The Odd Couple
Li'l Abner
Flora the Red Menace
Special Events
Patti LuPone: Coulda, Woulda, Shoulda
Carol Burnett in Conversation
2006-07 Season
My One and Only
Sunday in the Park with George
No Strings
2005-06 Season
On the Town
City of Angels
Zorba
2004-05 Season
Brigadoon
Pippin
Applause
2003-04 Season
Babes in Arms
Kismet
Company
2002-03 Season
Anything Goes
On the Twentieth Century
They Love Me
2001-02 Season
1776
The Most Happy Fella
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes
2000-01 Season
Call Me Madam
Mack and Mabel
Strike Up the Band
1999 Season
Bells Are Ringing
The Boys from Syracuse
Fiorello!
1998 Season
The Pajama Game
The Threepenny Opera
Of Thee I Sing
1997 Season
Promises, Promises
Finian's Rainbow
Wonderful Town
Awards and nominations
See also
Center Theatre Group of Los Angeles
References
Further reading
Musical theatre companies
Theatre companies in Los Angeles
Church of St. Augustine is a ruined church complex located in Old Goa. The church was completed in 1602 and is part of the World Heritage Site, Churches and convents of Goa.
History
The church was built on top of the Monte Santo (Holy Hill), between 1597 and 1602 by Augustinian friars who landed in Goa in 1587. The church was considered one of the three great Augustinian churches in the Iberian world along with El Escorial and the Monastery of São Vicente de Fora.
The church was abandoned in 1835 after the Portuguese government of Goa began evicting many religious orders in Goa under its new repressive policies. The subsequent neglect caused the vault of the church to collapse in 1842. The body collapsed soon after and by 1871, the bell was moved from the tower to Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception Church in Panjim, where it remains to date. In 1931, the facade of the church and half the tower collapsed and by 1938, most of the other parts had also collapsed. Currently only half the tower remains, and it is one of the most visited tourist destinations in Goa. The ruins were featured in the song Gumnaam Hai Koi from the 1965 suspense thriller movie Gumnaam and 'Saathiya' from the Bollywood hit Singham.
Structure
The church had four towers of which only one remains. The remaining tower is a four-storied structure built of laterite and 46 m in height. Excavations show that the complex had eight chapels, four altars and a convent.
Relics of St. Ketevan
In the late 1980s, archaeologists from the Soviet Union and Georgia began efforts to trace the relics of Ketevan the Martyr, a Georgian queen who had delivered themselves as a hostage to Shah Abbas I and was martyred on 13 September 1624 for refusing to deny their faith; the relics were believed to be in Goa. A Georgian team conducted excavations in the church, which were followed by independent efforts by the Archaeological Survey of India. The missions were looking for a black box which was supposed to contain the saint's bones, based on information collected by Professor António da Silva Rego in 1958 from Portuguese historical documents about their missions in the East.
A 2005 excavation project by the ASI, yielded bone fragments. The samples were tested at the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology to conduct DNA studies. The studies showed the presence of the U1b Human mitochondrial DNA haplogroup in the bones, which is absent in India, besides revealing that it belonged to a woman. Based on these findings and the historical material available, it was concluded that the bones most likely belonged to the Queen.
A multimedia board game about the excavation project, called The Travelling Hand was made by documentary filmmaker Gayatri Kodikal. The Ketevan World Sacred Music Festival has been held in the church complex since 2015.
References
Roman Catholic churches in Old Goa
Monuments and memorials in Goa
Tourist attractions in North Goa district
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1602
1602 establishments in Asia
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in India
Roman Catholic churches in Goa
Adelina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Teardrop Pond () is a meltwater pond 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) southwest of Greegor Peak in the Denfeld Mountains of the Ford Ranges in Marie Byrd Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65. The descriptive name, applied by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN), is suggestive of the shape of the feature in plan view.
Lakes of Antarctica
Bodies of water of Marie Byrd Land
J. Anita Stup (born March 8, 1945) is an American politician who served as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from 1991 to 1999.
Early life and education
Stup was born in Washington, D.C., and attended Montgomery Junior College.
Career
Stup was first elected in 1991 to represent District 3B, defeating Democrat Royd Smith. They shared the district with Democrat James E. McClellan.
In the 1994 Republican primary election, Stup won one of three spots on the newly-consolidated District 3, along with Louise Virginia Snodgrass and Melvin Castle.
In addition to their work as a state delegate, Stup was also a member of the Advisory Committee on School Construction and Advisory Committee on Redistricting for the Frederick County Superintendent of Schools. They also served on the Board of County Commissioners for Frederick County from 1982 to 1986, and again from 1986 to 1990.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/19990424084641/http://archive1.mdarchives.state.md.us/msa/mdmanual/06hse/former/html/msa12311.html
Members of the Maryland House of Delegates
1945 births
People from Frederick County, Maryland
Living people
Women state legislators in Maryland
Maryland Republicans
21st-century American women
Kalatrazan () may refer to:
Kalatrazan District
Kalatrazan Rural District
Leontochroma aurantiacum is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam and India.
References
Moths described in 1900
Archipini
Shi Meng (; born August 13, 1979) is an athlete from the People's Republic of China. They compete in triathlon.
Shi competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took fortieth place with a total time of 2:16:40.73. This was the slowest time of any athlete that finished the competition, though still placed Shi higher than the eight athletes that dropped out of the race.
References
Profile
1979 births
Living people
Chinese female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of China
20th-century Chinese women
21st-century Chinese women
Yongan District () is a coastal suburban district of Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Yong'an was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Yong'an was upgraded to a district of the city.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Yongan, Yonghua, Xingang, Yantian, Baoning and Weixin Village.
Politics
The district is part of Kaohsiung City Constituency II electoral district for Legislative Yuan.
Tourist attractions
Old House of Huang Family ()
Yongan Yong'an Temple (永安宮)
Infrastructure
Hsinta Power Plant
Yongan LNG Terminal
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Westpoort (Western Gateway or Western Port) is a borough (stadsdeel) of Amsterdam, Netherlands. The borough covers the Port of Amsterdam, the main harbour and industrial area of the city, and is located in the north-western part of Amsterdam. It is divided in the industrial areas of Teleport, Sloterdijk areas I, II and II, De Heining and the harbour area (Havengebied).
While the borough has very few permanent residents, it serves as corporate headquarters of over 1,500 Dutch and foreign companies that operate in the Netherlands. Therefore, approximately 45,000 people commute to the area for work on workdays, making it the largest commuter destination within city limits.
As a primarily business district, Westpoort does not have its own district committee like the other boroughs do. Instead, it is governed directly by the central municipal council, as a port and industrial park rather than a neighborhood.
The northern border of the area is formed by the North Sea Canal. The district borders the boroughs of West and Nieuw-West and the municipality of Haarlemmerliede en Spaarnwoude (including the town of Halfweg).
References
External links
City of Amsterdam, Westpoort official site
Geography of Amsterdam
Western
Boroughs of Amsterdam
Industrial parks
Café Opera is a café and nightclub in Stockholm, Sweden in the Royal Swedish Opera building and part of the Opera Cellar (Operakällaren). It serves as a bistro, brasserie and tearoom during the day but becomes one of Sweden's most famous and busiest nightclubs after 10pm. It opened in 1980. On the ceiling are paintings by Vicke Andrén.
The club is also a former football club named FC Café Opera, founded in 1991 and which played in the Swedish Second League until 2005 when it merged with Väsby IK to form FC Väsby United.
References
External links
Official site
Nightclubs in Stockholm
1980 establishments in Sweden
Restaurants in Stockholm
Coffeehouses and cafés in Sweden
The 2010 Belgian Super Cup was a football match that was played on 23 July 2010, between league winners Anderlecht and cup winners Gent. In a match with several chances for both teams, only Anderlecht managed to score once through Kouyaté. This meant the ninth Super Cup title for Anderlecht and left Gent still looking for their first win.
Match details
See also
Belgian Supercup
Belgian Super Cup 2010
Belgian Super Cup 2010
Belgian Super Cup, 2010
Belgian Supercup
July 2010 sports events in Europe
GSL may refer to:
Companies and organizations
Geological Society of London, a learned society in the United Kingdom
Ghana School of Law, an educational institution for training lawyers in Ghana
Global Securities Lending, a financial trade magazine for the securities lending industry
Goa Shipyard Limited, an Indian shipyard
Govan Shipbuilders Limited, a British shipbuilding company
Group Scout Leader, adult leader of a Scout group in the United Kingdom
Entertainment
Game System License, a trademark license for Dungeons & Dragons
Global StarCraft II League, an e-Sport tournament
Gold Standard Laboratories, a record label
Kamen Rider Kabuto: God Speed Love, 2006 movie based on the Kamen Rider Kabuto series
Language
Gambian Sign Language, a national sign language used by the deaf community of Gambia
Georgian Sign Language, the national sign language of the deaf in the country of Georgia
German Sign Language, the sign language of the deaf community in Germany
Ghandruk Sign Language, a village sign language of the village of Ghandruk in central Nepal
Greek Sign Language, the sign language of the Greek deaf community
General Service List, a list of common words in English
Transport
Taltheilei Narrows Airport (IATA code: GSL), an airport in Northwest Territories, Canada
Gunnislake railway station (National Rail code: GSL), a station in Cornwall, UK
Other uses
General sales list, a legal category of drugs in the UK (over-the-counter)
General Service List, a list of basic English words for language learners
Georgia State League, former American Class D professional baseball league
Glycosphingolipids, a subtype of glycolipids containing the amino alcohol sphingosine
GNU Scientific Library, a software library for applied mathematics and science
Great Salt Lake, a salt water lake in Utah
See also
Gaius Salvius Liberalis
ko:GSL
Szarvasgede is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
"Charge & Go! / Lights" (stylized as "Charge ▶ Go! / Lights") is the 30th single by Japanese pop group AAA. It is included in the group's seventh studio album 777: Triple Seven. "Charge & Go!" was written by Kenn Kato and Mitsuhiro Hidaka. The single was released in Japan on November 16, 2011, under Avex Trax in five editions: a CD-only edition, a CD and DVD A edition, a CD and DVD B edition, a box set edition, and a Mu-Mo edition. "Charge & Go! / Lights" debuted at number five on the weekly Oricon singles chart. The single charted for nine weeks and went on to sell over 52,400 copies in Japan.
Composition
"Charge & Go!" was written by Kenn Kato and Mitsuhiro Hidaka, composed by Tetsuya Komuro, and arranged by ArmySlick. "Lights" was written by Yusuke Toriumi and Hidaka, composed by Bounceback, and arranged by Tohru Watanabe.
Release and promotion
"Charge & Go! / Lights" was released on November 16, 2011, in five editions: a CD-only edition, which includes "6th Anniversary Sabi Medley", a medley of AAA's previous singles "Blood on Fire", "Champagne Gold", "Dragon Fire", "Metamorphose", "Jamboree!!", "That's Right", "Sunshine", and "Hurricane Riri, Boston Mari"; a CD and DVD A edition, which includes the music video for "Charge & Go!" and the first part of the music video making; a CD and DVD B edition, which includes the second part of the music video making; a CD and DVD A edition, which includes the music video for "Charge & Go!" and the first part of the music video making; a CD-only Mu-Mo edition; a Mu-Mo box set edition which includes the Think About AAA 6th Anniversary clips from seasons 13 and 14. "Charge & Go!" was used in television advertisements for Morinaga & Company's energy drink Weider in Jelly. At the end of 2011, a smartphone download version of the single was released.
Chart performance
"Charge & Go! / Lights" debuted at number four on the weekly Oricon singles charts, selling 48,912 copies in its first week. It went on to chart for nine weeks and sold over 52,400 copies in Japan. On the issue dated March 5, 2012, "Charge & Go!" debuted at number 13 on the Billboard Japan Hot 100. On the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) Digital Track Chart, "Charge & Go!" and "Lights" debuted at numbers 22 and 69, respectively.
Track listing
Chart history
Notes
The sales figure of 52,400 copies is taken from accumulating the sales of the single during its first two charting weeks on the Oricon weekly singles chart (48,912, 3,564).
References
2011 singles
2011 songs
AAA (band) songs
Avex Trax singles
Japanese-language songs
Songs written by Mitsuhiro Hidaka
John Jennings (27 August 1902 – 14 April 1997) was an English professional footballer who played as a right half.
Career
Born in Platt Bridge, Jennings had worked as a railway firefighter before beginning their footballing career with Wigan Borough. They joined First Division side Cardiff City in 1925, making their debut in a 3–2 defeat to Birmingham City on 10 October 1925. However, due to competition from several established players including Billy Hardy and Harry Wake, they made just one further appearance during the 1925–26 season in a 0–0 draw with Arsenal on 31 February 1926. The following season, Jennings did not make an appearance until the final three months of the season, being handed a chance at full back following an injury to Tom Watson, but impressed enough to eventually displace Watson from the side. They became a permanent fixture in the first team at Ninian Park, featuring in every league match that the club played for nearly two years between February 1928 and January 1930, before they were sold to Middlesbrough as part of a triple transfer that included Joe Hillier and Fred Warren.
Jennings spent several years as club captain at Middlesbrough, eventually relinquishing the role to Tom Griffiths following their arrival from Bolton Wanderers in 1933, and was selected in an FA XI for a tour of Canada in 1931. They signed for Bradford City in February 1937 from Preston North End, leaving the club in 1945 to become a trainer at Northampton Town. During their time with Bradford City they made 28 appearances in the Football League, and 3 appearances in the FA Cup.
They later worked as a coach for the England national amateur football team and the Great Britain Olympic football team, working as a trainer for Norman Creek, Charles Hughes and Walter Winterbottom between 1952 and 1971. They also worked as a trainer for player-manager Jimmy Armfield on an FA XI tour of Tahiti, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong and Thailand in 1969.
Sources
References
1902 births
1997 deaths
English footballers
Wigan Borough F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. players
Middlesbrough F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Northampton Town F.C. non-playing staff
English Football League players
Association football wing halves
Magoé District is a district of Tete Province in western Mozambique. Its administrative center is the town of Mpheende. The district is located in the north of the province, and borders with Zumbo District in the north, Marávia District in the northeast, Cahora-Bassa District in the east, and with Zimbabwe in the south and in the west. The area of the district is . It had a population of 89,273 as of 2017.
Geography
The Zambezi crosses the district from west to east. Upstream of Songo, it is built up as the Lago Cahora Bassa, a water reservoir.
According to the Köppen climate classification, the climate of the district is that of hot steppe (BSh). There is no meteorological stations in the district; the closest station, in Chicôa, registers the average annual rainfall of .
Demographics
As of 2005, 49% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 23% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Cinyungwe. 72% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Mpheende, Chinhopo, and Mukumbura, which in total comprise six localities.
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 9,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cowpea, peanut, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long. All roads are in a very bad state.
References
Districts in Tete Province
Scopula nacida is a moth of the family Geometridae. It was described by Paul Dognin in 1901. It is found in Ecuador and Peru.
Subspecies
It has two subspecies:
Scopula nacida nacida (Ecuador)
Scopula nacida cinerosaria (Warren, 1904) (Peru)
References
Moths described in 1901
nacida
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Paul Dognin
Route 82 is a highway in southwest Missouri. Its eastern terminus is at Route 83 in northwest Hickory County; its western terminus is at U.S. Route 54 in El Dorado Springs.
From 1922 to about 1927, Route 82 west of Osceola was part of Route 26, which ran from the Kansas state line east to Osceola. It became part of US 54 west of El Dorado Springs in 1926 or 1927, and the eastern half was renumbered Route 62. When US 62 was extended into Missouri in the early 1930s, Route 62 became Route 82.
Route description
History
Major intersections
References
082
Transportation in Cedar County, Missouri
Transportation in St. Clair County, Missouri
Transportation in Hickory County, Missouri
Transportation in Benton County, Missouri
The 2015 Football League Cup Final was a football match that took place on 1 March 2015 at Wembley Stadium, London. It was the final match of the 2014–15 Football League Cup, the 55th season of the Football League Cup, a competition for the 92 teams in the Premier League and the Football League.
It was contested by Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur in a repeat of the 2008 Football League Cup Final, which the latter team won. Chelsea won 2–0 in the 2015 final, with a goal from captain John Terry at the end of the first half, and a second from Diego Costa in the 56th minute. It was Chelsea's fifth League Cup win, and their first silverware in the second managerial spell of José Mourinho at the club. Chelsea qualified for the next season's UEFA Europa League by winning the match, but eventually qualified for the UEFA Champions League by winning the Premier League. The Europa League place went to Liverpool, who finished sixth in the Premier League.
Mourinho expressed delight in winning another trophy in their career, while Terry spoke of optimism for Chelsea's future prospects. Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino declared pride in their side despite their defeat.
Background
Chelsea were playing in their seventh League Cup final, having won four, most recently in 2007. Their most recent appearance in the final was the first at Wembley, which they lost in 2008 to Tottenham. The game was Chelsea's first domestic cup final since their victory in the 2012 FA Cup Final. Incumbent Chelsea manager José Mourinho was in charge in their League Cup wins in 2005 and 2007, and squad members Petr Čech, John Terry and Didier Drogba played in both finals, with the latter scoring in both victories. All three also played in the 2008 defeat by Tottenham.
Tottenham were making their eighth appearance in the final, having won four previous times, last of which was in 2008. The 2008 final was the first at Wembley and was won against Chelsea. Tottenham's most recent appearance was a defeat against Manchester United in a penalty shootout the following year. Of their squad in the 2014–15 season, captain Younès Kaboul was an extra-time substitute in their 2008 victory, while Aaron Lennon – on loan at Everton at the time of the 2015 final – started that match and the defeat in 2009.
The two teams also played at the old Wembley in the 1967 FA Cup Final, which Tottenham won 2–1. Tottenham's most recent appearance at Wembley was also against Chelsea, a 5–1 defeat in an FA Cup semi-final in 2012.
By the time of the final, Chelsea and Tottenham had already played each other twice during the league season. On 3 December 2014, Chelsea hosted a 3–0 win, with goals from Eden Hazard, Didier Drogba and substitute Loïc Rémy, despite missing leading scorer Diego Costa through suspension. Tottenham won the reverse fixture 5–3 only 29 days later, with Harry Kane scoring twice among further goals from Danny Rose, Andros Townsend (penalty) and Nacer Chadli.
Route to the final
Chelsea
Chelsea, of the Premier League, began their League Cup campaign in the third round, where they were drawn at home against Bolton Wanderers of the Championship. Defender Kurt Zouma, making their debut, opened the scoring, but Bolton equalised six minutes later through a Matt Mills header. Ten minutes after the start of the second half, Oscar put Chelsea back into the lead and they won 2–1, dominating the match with 28 shots to Bolton's 3.
In the fourth round, Chelsea travelled to the New Meadow to face Shrewsbury Town of League Two. Three minutes after play resumed from a goalless first half, Didier Drogba's half-volley gave Chelsea the lead, but Shrewsbury gained an equaliser from substitute Andy Mangan. With nine minutes to play, Chelsea regained the advantage when Shrewsbury defender Jermaine Grandison deflected a shot from Willian.
Chelsea again were the away team to a lower opponent in the quarter-finals, facing Derby County of the Championship. In the first half, Eden Hazard gave Chelsea the lead, later doubled by a Filipe Luís free kick, the full-back's first for Chelsea. Craig Bryson halved the deficit for Derby, but soon afterwards defender Jake Buxton was sent off for a foul on Loïc Rémy and André Schürrle scored the final goal of a 3–1 Chelsea win. In the semi-final, Chelsea beat Liverpool 2–1 on aggregate after Branislav Ivanović scored the winning goal in the first half of extra time in the second leg, heading in Willian's free kick.
Tottenham Hotspur
Tottenham, also of the Premier League, began by facing Nottingham Forest at White Hart Lane. After a goalless first half, Jorge Grant gave the visitors from the Championship the lead in the 65th minute. Substitute Ryan Mason equalised six minutes later, and Spurs eventually won 3–1 after two late goals from Roberto Soldado and another substitute, Harry Kane.
Tottenham hosted another second-tier opponent in the fourth round, Brighton & Hove Albion, and went into the lead through Erik Lamela, a half-time replacement for Aaron Lennon. Kane later confirmed a 2–0 victory.
In the quarter-finals, Tottenham again played at home, against top-flight Newcastle United. Away goalkeeper Jak Alnwick made a mistake which allowed Nabil Bentaleb to give Spurs a half-time lead. Nacer Chadli doubled it 36 seconds into the second half. Kane and their replacement Soldado also scored in the 4–0 victory. Tottenham's semi-final against League One club Sheffield United started with a 1–0 home win, Andros Townsend converting a penalty won by Jay McEveley's handball. A week later in the second leg at Bramall Lane, Tottenham doubled their aggregate lead with Christian Eriksen's free kick, but in the second half 18-year-old substitute Ché Adams scored twice to equalise the aggregate. With two minutes remaining, Eriksen scored their second to put Tottenham into the final.
Match
Pre-match
Tottenham were eliminated from the last 32 of the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League by Fiorentina three days before the final, leading manager Mauricio Pochettino to say that the team needed to recover quickly.
Chelsea manager José Mourinho used their pre-match interview to state that their previous wins in the tournament had changed the way that clubs approach the League Cup: "Lots of teams have followed us since then when we took the League Cup as a real competition, as a real challenge. It is a big competition." They separated the final from the league season, saying, "I don't think if we win the cup final we will win the league, or if we lose it we will lose the league." They refused to discuss the suspension of Matić, dismissing it with "If I speak to you about that, I promise you I will be in big trouble". Despite opining that the two teams and the match officials would act fairly, they criticised players who dive, despite not naming any names. Mourinho also claimed that in after leaving Chelsea for the first time in September 2007, they were approached to manage Tottenham by chairperson Daniel Levy, and again in 2012.
Team selection
Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matić was suspended for the final, due to a two-match ban they received for pushing over Burnley's Ashley Barnes in a league match on 21 February 2015. Another central midfielder for the club, John Obi Mikel, missed the match through a knee injury. Due to Matić's absence, Kurt Zouma – usually a central defender – moved into defensive midfield, with Gary Cahill introduced into Zouma's previous position. Chelsea made four other changes from their draw with Burnley: Petr Čech started in goal in place of Thibaut Courtois, César Azpilicueta at left-back instead of Filipe Luís, and Ramires and Willian came into the midfield at the expense of Juan Cuadrado and Oscar. Chelsea set up with a three-man attack, with Eden Hazard and Willian wide of Diego Costa.
Tottenham's second-choice goalkeeper Michel Vorm had played all of their fixtures on their way to the final, but was dropped to the bench and replaced with Hugo Lloris for the decisive game. Compared to their defeat at Fiorentina, Tottenham made three changes in defence, with only Jan Vertonghen retaining their place – Vlad Chiricheș, Federico Fazio and Ben Davies were replaced by Kyle Walker, Eric Dier and Danny Rose, with Chiricheș not even featuring on the substitutes' bench. Defensive midfielder Benjamin Stambouli and attacking midfielder Erik Lamela were replaced by Ryan Mason and Andros Townsend respectively, with the lone striker position changing from Roberto Soldado to Harry Kane.
Summary
In the 10th minute, Christian Eriksen had the first meaningful shot, hitting the crossbar with a 25-yard free kick for Tottenham. Twenty minutes later, Eric Dier was given the game's first yellow card for a foul on Diego Costa. At the end of the first half, Chelsea won a free kick on their right side when Branislav Ivanović was pulled down by Nacer Chadli. Willian took the free kick, which arrived at Kurt Zouma, played it down to captain John Terry. Terry's shot – Chelsea's first on target – went past Hugo Lloris due to a deflection by Dier. In added time at the end of the first half, Gary Cahill had a header from a corner, which was caught by Lloris.
Neither side made a substitution at half time. In the 56th minute, Cesc Fàbregas – who had a bicycle kick saved by Lloris – set up Diego Costa, whose shot from the left of the area deflected off Tottenham right-back Kyle Walker and into the net to double Chelsea's advantage. After conceding their second goal, Tottenham made a series of attacking substitutions – Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Chadli made way for Mousa Dembélé, Erik Lamela and Roberto Soldado respectively – but could not change the score. In the 74th minute, Dier's knee caught César Azpilicueta, drawing blood; the Chelsea left-back left the pitch to be bandaged and returned two minutes later. There were four minutes of added time, in which Chelsea substituted Costa for Didier Drogba.
Details
Post-match
Mourinho was pleased to have won the final, earning the 21st trophy of their managerial career: "I am like a kid winning the first one, it's hard for me to live without titles. I need to feed myself with them." Terry was optimistic about the club's prospects for the future, saying, "It is the start of something... we've got a great squad, with some great young players, and hungry and experienced players too. It's a great mix." Although praising the atmosphere at Wembley, Terry ruled out returning to the England team, for whom they had not played since 2012. Despite losing, Pochettino expressed pride in their team's performance.
Matić took part in Chelsea's trophy ceremony in full kit despite being suspended, similar to what Terry had done after Chelsea won the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final with them suspended. Mourinho did not concur with the official man of the match award going to Terry, stating that the honour should have gone to Thibaut Courtois and Filipe Luís for their performances against Liverpool, and Andreas Christensen for their performance against Shrewsbury Town.
Chelsea qualified for the next season's UEFA Europa League by winning the match. As they qualified for the UEFA Champions League by winning the Premier League, the Europa League place went to Liverpool, who finished sixth in the Premier League.
References
2015
League Cup Final
Cup Final
2015 sports events in London
League Cup Final 2014
League Cup Final 2014
Events at Wembley Stadium
March 2015 sports events in the United Kingdom
The Bombay City Improvement Trust (BIT) was created on 9 December 1898, in response to the Bombay plague epidemic of 1896. It was created through an Act of the Parliament. The Municipal Corporation and the government handed over all vacant lands to this body. The CIT undertook a host of measures to improve sanitary and living conditions in the city. The planned opening up of suburbs was due to the Trust.
The CIT widened roads in the central, crowded, parts of the town. A new east-west road, the Princess Street, was constructed to channel the sea air into the centre of the crowded residential areas. The north-south Sydenham Road (now Mohammedali Road) was also constructed with this end in view.
The Dadar-Matunga-Wadala-Sion suburban development was started in 1899 with the express purpose of relieving congestion to the south. Well-laid out plots, with mixed land-use patterns marked these sections. Completed in 1900, access to these parts were through the newly completed Mohammedali Road.
See also
Bombay plague epidemic
References
The Bombay City Improvement Trust {GFDL site}
History of Mumbai
Stadarnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Allan Roy Hewson (born 6 June 1954) represented the New Zealand All Blacks in 19 Rugby Union internationals between 1981 and 1984. Hewson played at fullback. Since their retirement from international rugby Hewson has continued to be involved with Wellington rugby.
All Black career
Hewson was born in Lower Hutt, New Zealand. They played five tour matches in England, Scotland and Italy in 1979, but was not selected for the tests, as coach Eric Watson did not regard them highly.
Their test debut came about as a result of injuries to other players, and was on 13 June 1981 v Scotland (at Carisbrook in Dunedin), which the All Blacks won 11-4. Their final appearance was on 21 July 1984 v Australia (in Sydney), which the All Blacks lost 16-9.
At 1.8m (5' 10") and just 73 kg in weight Hewson was extremely slight by international Rugby Union standards, and endured scepticism from the New Zealand public throughout their rugby career. Despite their stature, Hewson's international record speaks for itself: 201 points (at the time, just 6 short of the prevailing New Zealand test record), a then world record haul for points scored in a single test and a starring role in the notorious 1981 Springbok tour. With the series tied at one all, in the last few seconds of the third and final test, New Zealand were awarded a long range penalty. In rugby journalist Jon Collins' words "the hopes of a nation rested on Allan's narrow shoulders". Hewson successfully converted the penalty and sealed a famous New Zealand victory in the series.
They were dropped in favour of Robbie Deans when they were only 6 points short of Don Clarke's point scoring record.
They also played cricket, and was selected as a Wicketkeeper/batsman for Wellington for one first-class season.
Current career
In November 2007 Hewson was reported to have has commenced a role as Manager of the Ken Gray Rugby Academy within the Petone Rugby Club in Wellington.
See also
Photo of Hewson on the field with the All Blacks in 1981
References
1954 births
Living people
New Zealand international rugby union players
New Zealand cricketers
Wellington cricketers
Cricketers from Lower Hutt
People educated at Hutt Valley High School
Rugby union players from Lower Hutt
Rugby union fullbacks
Tim O'Malley may refer to:
Tim O'Malley (politician) (born 1944), Irish politician
Tim O'Malley (rugby union) (born 1994), New Zealand rugby union player
Tim O'Malley (actor), author of Godshow
The Scooter Libby clemency controversy arose when U.S. President George W. Bush commuted the prison sentence of Scooter Libby, the former Chief of Staff to Bush's vice president, Dick Cheney, on July 2, 2007. It resulted in a hearing, "The Use and Misuse of Presidential Clemency Power for Executive Branch Officials", held July 11, 2007, by the full Committee on the Judiciary of the U.S. House of Representatives. The hearing was intended to "explore the grave questions that arise when the Presidential clemency power is used to erase criminal penalties for high-ranking executive branch employees whose offenses relate to their work for the President", as well as to assess the consequences of the perjury and obstruction of justice of which vice-presidential Chief of Staff Lewis Libby was convicted March 6, 2007.
Background
In 2003, acting U.S. Attorney General James B. Comey appointed Special Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald to lead an investigation into the alleged criminal outing of CIA operative Valerie Plame. Plame's husband, U.S. Ambassador Joseph C. Wilson, alleged that Libby and others in the White House leaked their identity in retribution for Wilson's outspoken criticism of the administration's invasion of Iraq.
When Libby was convicted, fined, and sentenced to 30 months in prison for obstructing Fitzgerald's investigation, there was speculation as to whether their punishment would be carried out in full or the President would intervene. After President Bush commuted Libby's prison sentence, the U.S. House Judiciary Committee, chaired by Representative John Conyers (D-MI), held a hearing to investigate what many in law and government saw as an abuse of presidential power. Conyers explained the rationale behind the hearing in a letter to the president:
Support
Libby's supporters, notably Vice President Cheney, had described the investigation and trial as politically motivated. The conviction for obstruction of justice was based on a disagreement between Libby and journalist Tim Russert. Even had Russert been correct, Libby may have honestly forgotten what was said during a single conversation in a typically busy day. Cheney argued that only an overzealous prosecutor and a liberal Washington jury would criminalize a bad memory. Cheney and their aides were initially satisfied with the commutation in 2007, as Libby would not have to report to prison. However, by late 2008, Cheney was lobbying for a full pardon, believing that President Bush "could claim the war on terrorism as their greatest legacy only if they defended at all costs the men and women" involved, so Cheney argued that they didn't want anyone "left on the battlefield".
President Bush's decision to give clemency was on the advice of their White House Counsel, Fred F. Fielding. According to aides that were close to Bush, the clemency ended up becoming the best compromise, rather than a full pardon or not intervening with Libby's sentence. Fielding worded the commutation explanation "in a way that would make it harder for Bush to revisit it in the future ... ; [the] language was intended to send an unmistakable message, internally as well as externally: No one is above the law." The rest of the punishment, notably the fine and guilty conviction, was left intact and this meant that Libby would be automatically disbarred from several states, so they would likely never practice law again. As Bush themselves personally opposed pardons in general, they were told that they had done more than enough by commuting Libby's sentence.
Dissent
The commutation of Libby's sentence was controversial for a number of reasons. Some, such as Chairman Conyers, implied that President Bush had abused their power in order to protect themselves and Vice President Cheney from oversight:
While I recognize that the clemency power is a Presidential prerogative, your decision to commute Scooter Libby's sentence has proven highly controversial, with commentators suggesting that this act may have had the effect of removing any further incentive that Mr. Libby may have had to provide more complete information about the leak of information on Valerie Wilson's work as an intelligence agent and the role that your Vice President and you yourself may have played in that leak.
The commutation angered others, such as Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Henry Waxman and Rules Committee Chairwoman Louise Slaughter, because they felt it represented a failure of accountability. Waxman:
Slaughter:
The case against Scooter Libby always involved much more than the fate of one man. By revealing Valerie Plame's identity, the Administration endangered their life, the life of everyone in the field they had worked with, and America's national security. This illegal action set back the work of our intelligence community immeasurably by breaking bonds of trust which take years to form. Two years is a paltry price to pay for the damage done to our nation, damage Mr. Libby made possible.
The Washington Times also criticized Bush for failing to hold Libby accountable, calling their decision "neither wise nor just":
Perjury is a serious crime. This newspaper argued on behalf of its seriousness in the 1990s, during the Clinton perjury controversy, and today is no different. We'd have hoped that more conservatives would agree. The integrity of the judicial process depends on fact-finding and truth-telling. A jury found Libby guilty of not only perjury but also obstruction justice and lying to a grand jury. It handed down a very supportable verdict. This is true regardless of the trumped-up investigation and political witch hunt. It is true regardless of the unjustifiably harsh sentence.
Testimony before the Committee
Statement of Roger C. Adams, Pardon Attorney, Department of Justice
Adams gave a 12-page statement on standards and policies observed by the U.S. Department of Justice in processing requests for presidential pardon or clemency. They noted that since the administration of William McKinley their department, typically in the form of a pardon attorney, has routinely assisted the president in handling such requests. Adams said this about commutation:
Let me mention briefly the matters the Department of Justice considers in formulating our recommendations in commutation cases. Those standards are set out in the U.S. Attorneys' Manual, whose relevant portions may be accessed through my office's web site. As the Manual states, and as we inform commutation applicants and their relatives, while we consider all requests carefully, a commutation of sentence is an extraordinary form of clemency that is rarely granted. Factors that weigh in favor of a commutation include disparity of the sentence as compared to those imposed on codefendants or others involved in the same crime; extraordinary medical issues—such as paralysis or blindness that make living in a prison setting unduly difficult—especially if the disability was not known at the time of sentencing; and unrewarded cooperation with the government.
Statement of Professor Douglas A. Berman
Berman took issue with the President's assertion that commuting the Libby sentence was primarily motivated by the unfairness of that sentence:
Even if one accepts the President's assertion that a 30-month prison term for Mr. Libby was excessive, it is hard to justify or understand the President's decision to commute Mr. Libby's prison sentence in its entirety. It is particularly difficult to see how, in Tony Snow's words, 'the rule of law' and 'public faith in government' have been served by enabling Mr. Libby to avoid having to serve even one day in prison following their 'serious convictions of perjury and obstruction of justice.' Indeed, the conclusion to the prosecution's sentencing memorandum submitted to the District Court in this case spotlights why a term of imprisonment for Mr. Libby seemed essential—and certainly not 'excessive'—to both Mr. Fitzgerald and Judge Walton.
Berman then quoted the memorandum:
Mr. Libby, a high-ranking public official and experienced lawyer, lied repeatedly and blatantly about matters at the heart of a criminal investigation concerning the disclosure of a covert intelligence officer's identity. They have shown no regret for their actions, which significantly impeded the investigation. Mr. Libby's prosecution was based not upon politics but upon their own conduct, as well as upon a principle fundamental to preserving our judicial system's independence from politics: that any witness, whatever their political affiliation, whatever their views on any policy or national issue, whether they work in the White House or drives a truck to earn a living, must tell the truth when they raise their hand and takes an oath in a judicial proceeding, or gives a statement to federal law enforcement officers. The judicial system has not corruptly mistreated Mr. Libby; Mr. Libby has been found by a jury of their peers to have corrupted the judicial system.
Statement of Thomas Cochran, Assistant Federal Public Defender
Cochran focussed on the discrepancy between Libby's punishment and that of another man, their client Victor A. Rita, Jr., who, in addition to having led a career and family life similar in key respects to that of Libby, had just begun serving a 33-month sentence for precisely the same counts on which Libby had been indicted. Cochran argued that the President's real rationale for commuting Libby's sentence was other than what they had represented to the public:
Statement of David B. Rivkin, Jr.
Rivkin, a partner in Baker Hostetler, LLP and former member of the White House Counsel's Office, began their statement by pointing out that the President's powers of clemency and pardon are, for all intents and purposes, absolute. They argued that the appointment of a Special Counsel to prosecute such investigations was unnecessary and perhaps counterproductive, fostering "time and again a 'leave no stone unturned,' protracted, costly, and Inspector Javier-like pursuit of the individual being investigated."
Rivkin's central argument was that presidential commutation of Libby's sentence represented a higher form of justice than could have been delivered by the nation's legal system. They claimed that exercise of presidential clemency power, for large offenses as well as for small, was crucial to the preservation of the republic envisioned in the Constitution, since in certain cases what is right should be decided by the president, not the law:
More fundamentally, I believe that the pardon power, when properly deployed, advances the cause of justice. The Framer's [sic] understood that justice under the law, the justice of rules, procedures and 'due process', while important to our system of 'ordered' liberty, is not the only conceivable form of justice. They wanted the political branches to render a different kind of justice, driven by the considerations of equity and not by rules. It is the closest we come today to what the Founders would have called the natural law-driven justice. The President's pardon power is one example of such justice; the ability of Congress to pass private bills, which sidestep the rules governing immigration or land acquisition, is another.
Rivkin reserved especially strong criticism for "how unfair and politicized this whole exercise has been":
Jurors are human beings and as human beings want to understand a defendant's motivations. As a result, the overall narrative provided by the prosecutor, the context if you will, is extremely important. In Mr. Libby's case, Mr. Fitzgerald presented the jury the following damning narrative – there was a nefarious effort in the White House to destroy Joe Wilson's reputation and even to punish him, by allegedly hurting the career of their wife Valerie Plame; these activities were a part and parcel of the broader effort to sell the Iraq war to the American people. While I believe this narrative to be fundamentally false, it proved successful with the jury.
Statement of Ambassador Joseph C. Wilson, IV (ret.)
Wilson emphasized two points in their testimony: first, that Libby had been convicted of what was essentially a "cover-up" for a larger "underlying crime", the distortion of intelligence used to justify the 2003 invasion of Iraq:
Ultimately, this concerted effort to discredit me, ruining my wife's career along the way, has had a larger objective. This matter has always been about this administration's case for war and its willingness to mislead the American people to justify it. In order to protect its original falsehoods, the Vice President and their men decided to engage in a further betrayal of our national security. Scooter Libby sought to blame the Press, yet another deception. They were willing even to allow a journalist to spend eighty-five days in jail in a most cowardly act to avoid telling the truth.
Second, Wilson maintained that the disclosure of their wife's identity constituted a national security breach. They also pointedly referred to Karl Rove's alleged role in the affair, mentioning Rove twice by name:
President Bush promised that if any member of the White House staff were engaged in this matter, it would be a firing offense. However, the trial of Scooter Libby has proved conclusively that Karl Rove was involved, and although they escaped indictment, they still work at the White House. We also know, as a result of evidence introduced in the trial, that President Bush themselves selectively declassified national security material to attempt to support the false rationale for war. The President's broken promise and their own involvement in this unseemly smear campaign reveal a chief executive willing to subvert the rule of law and system of justice that has undergirded this great republic of ours for over 200 years.
House Judiciary Committee Members, 110th Congress
See also
Joseph C. Wilson
Lewis Libby
Plame affair
Pardon
United States v. Libby
U.S. House Committee on the Judiciary
Valerie E. Wilson
References
External links
Opening statement of Ambassador Joseph C. Wilson, IV (ret.), before the House Committee on the Judiciary, July 11, 2007
Opening statement of Committee Chairman John Conyers before the House Committee on the Judiciary, July 11, 2007
Hearing on: The Use and Misuse of Presidential Clemency Power for Executive Branch Officials (House Judiciary Committee)
2007 controversies in the United States
2007 in American law
Clemency
July 2007 events in the United States
Plame affair
George W. Bush administration controversies
Ava Lowle Willing (September 15, 1868 – June 9, 1958) was an American socialite. They were the first wife of Colonel John Jacob Astor IV and later married Thomas Lister, 4th Baron Ribblesdale.
Early life
Ava Lowle Willing was born on September 15, 1868, in Newport, Rhode Island, to Edward Shippen Willing (1822–1906) and Alice Caroline Barton (1833–1903). They had one older sister and two older brothers: (1) Susan Ridgway Willing (1862–1940) who married on November 3, 1899, Francis Cooper Lawrence Jr. (1858–1904), they had one daughter; (2) John Rhea Barton Willing (1864–1913) they died from pneumonia unmarried with no issue; and (3) Edward Shippen Willing Jr. (1867–1873) they died at age six.
Personal life
First marriage
On February 17, 1891, they married Colonel John Jacob "Jack" Astor IV (1864–1912), son of William Backhouse Astor Jr. (1829–1892) and Caroline Webster "Lina" Schermerhorn (1830–1908), at their parents' mansion at 510 South Broad Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They went on a 5-week honeymoon in Europe. The newlywed couple was given, among many lavish gifts, a furnished townhouse on Fifth Avenue in New York City. Though the marriage was tumultuous, the Astors had two children:
William Vincent Astor (November 15, 1891 – February 3, 1959)
Ava Alice Muriel Astor (July 7, 1902 – July 19, 1956)
The family lived in their New York townhouse at 840 Fifth Avenue, their 2,000 acre country estate, Ferncliff in Rhinebeck, New York, and Beechwood, their Newport, Rhode Island, mansion. By 1896, Mrs. Ava Astor had become socially active in England. They had a country estate near the capital, Regent Lodge, Regent's Park, and a townhouse on Grosvenor Square in Mayfair, London.
In 1909, after returning from England, Ava sued Jack for divorce on November 19, and four months later on March 5, 1910, the State of New York decreed in their favor. They received a $10 million () settlement. Their son lived with their father before leaving to attend Harvard University, while Ava got custody of their seven-year-old daughter. While Vincent was in their second year at Harvard, Jack was on the maiden voyage of the RMS Titanic, and became one of the casualties while returning from their honeymoon with their new bride, Madeleine Talmage Force. This event left young Vincent as one of the wealthiest men in the United States.
Second marriage
In September 1911, Ava and their daughter moved to England. They lived in their townhouse on Grosvenor Square in Mayfair, London (from October–April) and their country estate, Sutton Place in Guildford, Surrey (from May–September).
When World War I broke out, Ava became involved with the American Women's War Relief Fund and they served as the group's vice-president.
On June 3, 1919, Ava married Thomas Lister, 4th Baron Ribblesdale at St Mary's, Bryanston Square in London and they were known as Lady Ribblesdale. Lister died six years later on October 21, 1925, at their townhouse on Grosvenor Square in Mayfair, London. They had no children together and after Baron Ribblesdale's death, they did not remarry. They were buried in the Lister vault at St Mary the Virgin Churchyard in Gisburn, Lancashire.
In June 1940, they returned to the United States on the liner as a war refugee, reclaimed their American citizenship, and became known as Mrs. Ava Willing Ribblesdale.
Death
On June 9, 1958, Ava died in their apartment at 720 Park Avenue in Manhattan, New York. Ava is buried at Locust Valley Cemetery, in Locust Valley, New York. They left a token bequest of $25,000 to their son, Vincent, but the bulk of their $3,000,000 estate was left to their daughter Ava Alice's four children: Prince Ivan Sergeyevich Obolensky, Princess Sylvia Sergeyevna Obolensky, Romana von Hofmannsthal, and Emily Sophia Harding.
See also
Astor family
References
1868 births
1958 deaths
American socialites
Astor family
Ribblesdale
Gilded Age
Livingston family
People from Philadelphia
Burials at Locust Valley Cemetery
People included in New York Society's Four A Hundred
Harriet L. Cramer (, Barker; February 14, 1848 - February 7, 1922) was an American journalist. Starting off as a typesetter and proofreader at the The Evening Wisconsin, a daily newspaper published in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, they went on to become its editor and publisher. They were also the president of The Evening Wisconsin Company, which, in addition to publishing one of the "Golden A Dozen" of American newspaeprs, also conducted an extensive job printing department. Cramer was a benefactor of Marquette University; Cramer Hall is named in their honor.
Early life
Harriet Laura Barker was born in Waupun, Wisconsin, February 14, 1848. Them parents were Charles Granderson Barker and Alice (Doyle) Barker. As a descendant of John Barker (1764-1835), of New York who served in the Revolutionary War, Harriet was a member of the Daughters of the American Revolution.
Career
Journalism
In 1864, they removed to Milwaukee. There, they were hired by The Evening Wisconsin in its composing room as a typesetter and proofreader.
In New York City, on June 25, 1869, they married William Edward Cramer (1817–1905), who was blind, deaf, and 30 years older than Harriet. They were the founder and editor of The Evening Wisconsin. Their honeymoon was an extensive tour of Europe. They were in Paris during the Franco-Prussian War, and were locked up in the besieged city for several months, until liberated, with other American residents, through the offices of the United States Minister Washburn and Chancellor Otto von Bismarck. They were also in Paris during the whole reign of the Commune, from March until July, 1871.
The Cramers resided in Milwaukee's Newhall House Hotel when it caught on fire on January 10, 1883. Harriet carried William to safety.
When Edward died in 1905, the widow was elected president of The Evening Wisconsin Company, and they continued the publication of the paper with Andrew J. Aikens and John F. Cramer (William E. Cramer's nephew) in the business office, and John G. Gregory as editor. After Aikens' death in 1909, Mrs. Cramer was assisted in the management by John F. Cramer and John W. Campsie. This arrangement continued for nine years, until June 1918, when Mrs. Cramer and their associates in the corporation disposed of The Evening Wisconsin to William H. Park, who up to the previous year, had been one of the owners and publishers of The Milwaukee Daily News.
Cramer was the first woman to be elected to honorary life membership in the Milwaukee Press Club.
Philanthropy
Cramer was the donor of the granite columns in the interior of the Gesu Church, in Milwaukee, said to be the only columns of this kind in the U.S., and were placed there at a cost of . She, with their husband, gave of ground in Milwaukee upon which the house and school of the Good Shepherd, a Catholic home for "wayward girls" in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin were situated. To this institution Mr. Cramer left a large sum of money at their death, and Mrs. Cramer constantly added to this.
The chief beneficiary of their will was Marquette University to which institution they left outright, and also the residium of their estate.
Death and legacy
Harriet Laura Barker Cramer died in Milwaukee, February 7, 1922.
The university's Cramer Hall was named in their honor.
Notes
References
1848 births
1922 deaths
Daughters of the American Revolution people
People from Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin
Philanthropists from Wisconsin
20th-century American newspaper editors
20th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Marquette University people
Typesetters
Women newspaper editors
KJJF (88.9 FM) is a non-commercial radio station in Harlingen, Texas. KHID (88.1 FM) is also a non-commercial FM radio station in McAllen, Texas. Both stations are owned and operated affiliates of Relevant Radio's Catholic radio network and serve the Rio Grande Valley. They formerly broadcast in Spanish but have since been broadcasting in English.
KJJF's transmitter is located on Fresnal Road in San Benito. KHID's transmitter is off West Monte Cristo Road in La Homa.
History
88.9 FM signed on the air on April 30, 1991, as KMBH-FM. It began airing NPR programming in June of the same year. KMBH-FM has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 3,000 watts, while some of the commercial FM stations in the air run 100,000 watts, so KMBH-FM's signal was limited mainly to Cameron County, Texas.
Then in July 1992, 88.1 FM signed on as KHID. While KHID is also limited in power, the combination of the two stations give coverage to most areas of the McAllen-Brownsville-Harligen radio market. Both stations were owned by Rio Grande Valley Educational Broadcasting, a subsidiary of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Brownsville. The two stations began simulcasting news and talk programming from NPR with some hours devoted to classical music and jazz.
On April 3, 2015, RGV Educational Broadcasting announced that it would change KMBH-FM's call letters to KJJF effective April 7. The new call sign honors RGV Educational Broadcasting founder Bishop John Joseph Fitzpatrick. It also distinguishes the radio station from former sister station Channel 38 KMBH television, which was sold to R Communications several months earlier.
In early 2019, the diocese announced that both stations would be bought by Immaculate Heart Media, Inc. for $1.25 million. Both stations became affiliates of Relevant Radio's Spanish language Catholic radio network after the purchase was finalized on May 30, 2019.
See also
KFXV (TV)
References
External links
Harlingen, Texas
JJF
Radio stations established in 1991
1991 establishments in Texas
JJF
JJF
Relevant Radio stations
The Tweed River is a river situated in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales, Australia. From the middle reaches of its course, the state boundary between New South Wales and Queensland is located approximately north.
The river rises on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range; with its watershed bordered by the McPherson, Burringbar, Condong and Tweed ranges and containing a catchment area of . The river flows generally north east, joined by eight tributaries including the Oxley and Rous rivers before reaching its mouth at its confluence with the Coral Sea of the South Pacific Ocean, south of Point Danger; descending over its course.
On its journey, it passes through the major urban centres of Murwillumbah and Tweed Heads.
The river's drainage basin consists mostly of the erosion caldera of the Tweed Volcano, a huge extinct volcano of which Mount Warning is the volcanic plug. The Tweed River area has a fine subtropical climate, high rainfall and fertile volcanic soils. It was originally covered by rainforest, much of which has been cleared. Some remains in several national parks and reserves. The lowlands along the river are used for farming sugar cane and other crops.
The surrounding Tweed Shire is a local government area of New South Wales. Each year the river hosts a number of major aquatic events. The lower reaches of the Tweed River are a good recreational fishing site. Waterskiing, pleasure boating and rowing are other popular activities on the lower reaches of the river.
History
Aboriginal history
The traditional custodians of the land surrounding the Tweed River is the Aboriginal people of the Minyungbul, Tulgi-gin, Cudgenburra, and Mooburra dialects,. Yugembah (also known as Yugumbir, Jugambel, Jugambeir, Jugumbir, Jukam, Jukamba) is one of the Australian Aboriginal languages in areas that include the Tweed River Valley, Gold Coast, Logan, Scenic Rim, Albert River, Beaudesert, Beenleigh, Coolangatta, Coomera, Logan River, Pimpama and Tamborine, within the local government boundaries of the City of Gold Coast, City of Logan, Scenic Rim Regional Council and the Tweed River Valley.
European discovery and naming
The first European explorer to see the river was John Oxley, in 1823. As Surveyor General, Oxley made a close examination of the Tweed River and Port Curtis, and sources connected that investigation, principally the manuscript journal kept by Oxley, and the published Narrative of John Uniaeke, who accompanied Oxley. The following is an extract from Oxley's notebook entry for 31 October 1823:
Fri.31 October
At 3[PM] made sail intending to anchor to the South of Point Danger. At 5[PM] passed close to a Bold Headland [present-day Point Danger] about 3 Miles North of Pt. D. [Cook's Point Danger - Fingal Head] On the South Side of this headland we had the satisfaction to discover a considerable river with an apparent clear entrance. Hove on for the purpose of anchoring between the Island and the Main land [Fingal Head]. At ½ past 5 passing too close to the Island we shoaled our "water to 2 ½ fms but almost instantly deepened to 5 fms. Anchored under the lee of the Island in 7 fms sandy Bottom being tolerably sheltered from the SSE round by the w to NE - the distance between the Island and the Main is about 50 chains, the point of the Main as well as the Island composed of regular Basaltic Pillars.
To the South extends a Sandy Beach of about 3 ½ miles ending in a low sandy Point off which brakers seem to extend about ¾ of a mile. Soundings between the Island and the Main and found the deepest water 6 fms in mid channel rather including to the Mainland.
Observed the River from the Mast head take a SW direction running through a moderately elevated country towards the Base of Mt. Warning.
John Uniack made the following relevant observations.
Monday 27 October 1823: The wind being fair, we immediately got under way, and continued our course to the northward till Friday afternoon, when it shifted, and came on to blow so hard, that we determined to run in shore and look out for anchorage; this we found under the lee of a small island off Point Danger (so named by Captain Cook), about a mile from the land. While running down for this place, we perceived the mouth of a large river about a mile and a half to the northward; and next morning at daylight the master was dispatched in the whale-boat to ascertain the possibility of taking the vessel into it.
Shortly afterwards, Mr. Stirling and I landed on the island with our guns. The rocks which formed the base was evidently of volcanic origin: it was of dark colour, full of small holes and extremely hard, while on the western side many regular circular cavities, some of which were about four or five yards in diameter at top, and tapered down gradually towards the bottom, which was usually filled with round stones.
One of these holes, in particular, had a communication underneath with the sea, and at every returning surf threw up considerable quantities of water with a loud noise. The superincumbent rocks were basaltic, and those of a small rock to the N.W. of the island, as well as those of a bluff headland, immediately opposite on the main, were inferior only in extent to the Giant's Causeway in the north of Ireland.
John Uniack also noted:
"The little island under which we lay received the name of Turtle Island, in gratitude for the abundant supply of that fish which we procured from it. We also gave the name of 'Tweed' to the river. The latitude of our anchorage is 28° 8' S. and its longitude 153° 31'"
Captain Phillip Parker King had previously surveyed that portion of the coast in the proximity of Point Danger, although adverse weather conditions prevented theirs examining that portion too closely. Their observations, as recorded on 22 and 23 May 1819, are as follows:
22. The next evening, Mount Warning was seen from the deck, although we were at least seventy-eight miles from it. 23 on the 23d at noon, our latitude was 28°9' when the Mount bore S 58° W (Magnetic).
At sunset the wind died away; and, from the land in the vicinity of the mountain indicating every appearance of the existence of either a large sheet of water or an opening of consequence, I was induced to remain two days to examine the beach more narrowly; but, after beating about with a strong south-easterly current which prevented my tracing the beach to the northward of the Mount, and having only seen an inconsiderable opening that communicates by a shoal channel with a small lagoon at the back of the beach, I gave up the search; still without satisfying myself of the non-existence of an inlet, which, if there be one, probably communicates with the sea nearer to Point Danger.
Lieut Oxley has since (1823) discovered this to be the case, for they found a stream empting itself into the sea, by a bar harbour close to Point Danger. Lieutenant Oxley called it the Tweed.
In the Appendix to the second volume of that work, containing a description of the ports, islands and coast between Port Jackson and Breakesea Spit, the following description of the Tweed River confirms that Captain King clearly considered Point Danger to be the southernmost of the two points:
The Tweed is a river communicating with the sea by a bar, on which there are twelve feet of water, it is situated about a mile and a half to the north of a small island off Point Danger, which lies in latitude 28° 8'
Captain Henry Rous further examined the Tweed River in 1828, and incorrectly identified the present-day Point Danger, as the Point Danger of James Cook and recorded the name 'Cook's Island' rather than 'Turtle Island' of Oxley [Rous named Oxley's Tweed the Clarance River]:
The River Clarance, or more properly the Tweed, discovered by Mr. Oxley, but not explored, is in lat. 28° 9', long. 153° 34' bearing N.W.½ W. from Turtle Island distant 2 ½ miles – it is situated to the southward of a Bluff Head, connected with the Main by a flat sandy Isthmus, 250 yards wide from high watermark forming a boundary to the river on one side, and to capacious bay to the northward – affording good anchorage and shelter from East Southerly to North….There is a small river about 10 miles NW by W from the *north bluff of Point Danger inaccessible for boats.
The Tweed was named after the River Tweed in Scotland.
Mouth stabilization
The first training walls were built in 1891. Between 1898 and 1904 training walls were constructed from Chinderah to the entrance. In 1962, these walls were extended in order to maintain a deep channel. The order failed to stop the channel from shoaling and instead necessitated regular dredging and completely inhibited the longshore transport of sand northwards. The southern Gold Coast beaches were soon faced with intense erosion during storms which was not replenished.
By 1998 the river entrance was dredged clear of sand for navigable purposes. Three million cubic metres of sand had been removed from the river mouth. In 2001, an artificial sand bypass system was implemented, in part based on the successful operation of the Gold Coast Seaway. The level of sand on southern Gold Coast beaches soon returned to pre-1960s levels.
Colloquial use
Even though parts of the river are a few kilometres within the New South Wales side of the border, the expression "North of the Tweed" is used to refer to the people and places of Queensland; likewise, "South of the Tweed" is a term used by Queenslanders regarding the southern states of Australia. The term probably originates from southern Australians' summer vacation trips driving along the Pacific Highway through the scenic New South Wales North Coast. The highway crosses many rivers along its route, with the Tweed being the last one before reaching the holiday destinations of the Gold Coast, just on the other side of the Queensland border.
Course
The river begins northwest of the village called Lillian Rock. The upper reaches pass through the small villages of Kunghur, Terragon and Uki. South of Mount Warning, Doon Doon Creek and Perch Creek enter the Tweed from its southern banks, and Byrill Creek joins on the northern side near Terragon. Downstream, Korumbyn Creek and then the Oxley River enters the river at Byangum, before it flows through Murwillumbah. At Tumbulgum, the Rous River joins the Tweed. The Terranora and Cobaki creeks enter the Tweed about upstream from the mouth. South of Banora Point, the Pacific Highway crosses the river.
The river's tidal influence reaches beyond Murwillumbah to Bray Park Weir. The estuary of the Tweed River is an important shorebird habitat.
Flooding
During Cyclone Oswald, the Tweed River was subject to major flooding, brought about due to the storm's residual effects and associated monsoon trough that passed over parts of Queensland and New South Wales. The river peaked at , the highest level recorded in 30 years.
In late March 2017 rainfall from Ex-Tropical Cyclone Debbie caused major flooding in the Tweed Valley, the Murwillumbah gauge recording a peak of 6.2 metres.
Mouth
There is a sand bypassing system operating at the mouth of the Tweed River. A jetty on the northern end of Letitia Spit that collects sand and then pumps it under the Tweed River to beaches in the neighbouring state of Queensland. Outlets for the Tweed River Entrance Sand Bypassing System include Duranbah Beach, Snapper Rocks East, Snapper Rocks West, Greenmount and Kirra. Dredging of the navigation entrance is also undertaken regularly as part of the overall sand bypassing program. The width of Tweed River mouth is about .
The Indo-Pacific humpback dolphin reaches its southern extent of its distribution at the river mouth.
See also
Rivers of New South Wales
List of rivers of Australia
References
External links
Tweed River Entrance Sand Bypassing Project
Northern Rivers Catchment Management Authority
Tweed Volcano
Rivers of New South Wales
Northern Rivers
Tweed Heads, New South Wales
Dairibord Zimbabwe Ltd is a milk and dairy products producer, based in Zimbabwe, southern Africa.
Dairibord is one of the largest food producers in southern Africa, and was the former state Dairy Marketing Board; it was privatised in 1997. The company has seven factories: in Harare, Chitungwiza, Bulawayo, Gweru, Kadoma, Mutare and Chipinge. It also owns Lyons Zimbabwe, a food company manufacturing beverages, ice creams, cordials, condiments, sauces and spreads; the biscuit and baking company M.E. Charhons, and has a majority stake in Dairibord Malawi.
Since January 2006 the company has been known as DZL Holdings Ltd.
References
People's Daily 2 January 2006
Company profile, Dexel
External links
Official Dairibord company web site
Dairy products companies of Zimbabwe
Manufacturing companies of Zimbabwe
1997 establishments in Zimbabwe
Poly(3-hydroxybutyrate-co-3-hydroxyvalerate), commonly known as PHBV, is a polyhydroxyalkanoate-type polymer. It is biodegradable, nontoxic, biocompatible plastic produced naturally by bacteria and a good alternative for many non-biodegradable synthetic polymers. It is a thermoplastic linear aliphatic polyester. It is obtained by the copolymerization of 3-hydroxybutanoic acid and 3-hydroxypentanoic acid. PHBV is used in speciality packaging, orthopedic devices and in controlled release of drugs. PHBV undergoes bacterial degradation in the environment.
History
PHBV was first manufactured in 1983 by Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI). It is commercialized under the trade name Biopol. ICI (Zeneca) sold it to Monsanto in 1996. This was then obtained by Metabolix in 2001. Biomer L is the trade name of PHBV from Biomer.
Synthesis
PHBV is synthesized by bacteria as storage compounds under growth limiting conditions. It can be produced from glucose and propionate by the recombinant Escherichia coli strains. Many other bacteria like Paracoccus denitrificans and Ralstonia eutropha are also capable of producing it.
It can also be synthesized from genetically engineered plants.
PHBV is a copolymer of 3-hydroxybutanoic acid and 3-hydroxypentanoic acid. PHBV may also be synthesized from butyrolactone and valerolactone in the presence of oligomeric aluminoxane as catalyst.
Structure
The monomers, 3-hydroxybutanoic acid and 3-hydroxypentanoic acid, are joined by ester bonds; the backbone of the polymer is made up of carbon and oxygen atoms.
The property of the PHBV depends upon the ratio of these two monomers in it.
3-hydroxybutanoic acid provides stiffness while 3-hydroxypentanoic acid promotes flexibility. Thus PHBV can be made to resemble either polypropylene or polyethylene by changing the ratio of monomers. Increase in the ratio of 3-hydroxybutanoic acid to 3-hydroxypentanoic acid results in an increase in melting point, water permeability, glass transition temperature (Tg) and tensile strength. However impact resistance is reduced.
Properties
PHBV is a thermoplastic polymer. It is brittle, has low elongation at break and low impact resistance.
Uses
PHBV finds its application in controlled release of drugs, medical implants and repairs, specialty packaging, orthopedic devices and manufacturing bottles for consumer goods. It is also biodegradable which can be used as an alternative to non biodegradable plastics
Degradation
When disposed, PHBV degrades into carbon dioxide and water. PHBV undergo bacterial degradation. PHBV, just like fats to human, is an energy source to microorganisms. Enzymes produced by them degrade it and are consumed.
PHBV has a low thermal stability and the cleavage occurs at the ester bond by β elimination reaction.
Hydrolytic degradation occurs only slowly making it usable in medical applications.
Drawbacks
PHBV, being biodegradable, biocompatible and renewable, is a good alternative for synthetic nonbiodegradable polymers made from petroleum. But it has the following drawbacks,
Expensive
Low thermal stability
Brittle
Primitive mechanical properties
Processing difficulty
See also
Polyhydroxyalkanoates
Polyhydroxybutyrate
Biodegradable plastics
References
Biodegradable plastics
Polyesters
Thermoplastics
Copolymers
Bioplastics
Biochemistry
Sébastien Grosjean and Fabrice Santoro were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Mark Knowles and Daniel Nestor won in the final 7–5, 6–3 against Martin Damm and Cyril Suk.
Seeds
Mark Knowles / Daniel Nestor (champions)
Martin Damm / Cyril Suk (final)
Paul Hanley / Nenad Zimonjić (semifinals)
Jared Palmer / Pavel Vízner (semifinals)
Draw
External links
Main Draw on ATP Archive
Open 13
2004 ATP Tour
Ghagwal (Dogri: 𑠍𑠌𑠦𑠬𑠥, Hindi: घगवाल) is a town and Panchayat in Samba district in the Jammu division of the Indian union territory of Jammu and Kashmir. The town is located 15 kilometres from district headquarters Samba. River Baein flows from east side of Ghagwal. Famous 1750 years old, Narsingh Dham Mandir is situated in Middle of Ghagwal and is also known as "Heart of Ghagwal". Before 2006 Ghagwal was part of Kathua District of Jammu Division. Ghagwal Town is Also Headquarter of Tehsil and Sub Division Office of Ghagwal. Govt. Degree College, Ghagwal is currently functional in Temporary Building.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census of India, Ghagwal has 312 households. The literacy rate of Ghagwal village was 83.56% compared to 67.16% of Jammu and Kashmir. In Kalarooch, Male literacy stands at 91.72% while the female literacy rate was 75.08%.
Transport
Road
Ghagwal is connected to other places in Jammu and Kashmir and India by the Srinagar-Kanyakumari Highway NH-44 .
Rail
The nearest railway station to Ghagwal is the Ghagwal railway station located in the village.
Air
The nearest airport is Jammu Airport located at a distance of 45 kilometres and is a 1-hour drive.
See also
Jammu and Kashmir
Samba district
Samba
References
Villages in Samba district
Chiesa di Sant'Andrea is a church in the island of Capri, Italy, near the Marina Piccola in the south. It was built in 1900 for the local fishermen. The site which the church lies on formerly contained a watch tower which was used as a lookout post for
invading Saracen pirates. The church was designed by the painter Riccardo Fainardi, and funded by German banker Hugo Andreae and their wife, Emma.
Capri.net says of the interior, "The pronaos of the Church is supported by two columns. The central apse stands in the very same position once occupied by the old watchtower. The central altar is embellished by a triptych representing the crucifixion of Saint Andrew. In one of the lateral passes, there is an altar dedicated to the Madonna of Pompei and a spiral staircase leading up to the organ."
Andreae together with the business person Moritz von Bernus, also founded the German Evangelical Church on the island in the year 1899, Capri being a popular holiday destination for Germans and also having a sizeable German population.
References
Roman Catholic churches in Capri, Campania
Churches completed in 1900
Radical 64 or radical hand () meaning "hand" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
When appearing as a left-side component, this radical is almost always written as (notable exceptions: , although Japanese shinjitai analogizes it to ; and dialectal characters 掰, 搿), while it becomes a vertically compressed 手 when appearing as a bottom component.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 1203 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 80th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China, with being its associated indexing component.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+624B
064
080
J. Garland Warren (May 19, 1935 – May 3, 2010) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. They won the Grey Cup with Winnipeg in 1958, 1959, 1961 and 1962. They played college football at the University of North Texas. In 2010, they died, aged 74.
References
1935 births
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
2010 deaths
Larissa Schaerer (born 15 April 1975) is a former professional tennis player from Paraguay.
Biography
A right-handed player, Schaerer was born in Asuncion and began playing tennis aged eight. They were a member of the Paraguayan team that finished runner-up to Germany at the 1991 World Youth Cup, during which they were unbeaten in singles play. While still a junior, they started their Fed Cup career for Paraguay, first appearing at the age of 16, including in a World Group tie against the Soviet Union. At the 1992 US Open, they reached the semifinals of the girls' singles.
Schaerer represented Paraguay at the 1992 Summer Olympics. They competed in the women's doubles tournament with Rossana de los Ríos as their partner. The pair lost to the French pairing of Isabelle Demongeot and Nathalie Tauziat in the opening round.
On the WTA Tour, their best performances came on the clay courts of the Copa Colsanitas in Bogotá, where they were a semifinalist in 1998 and quarterfinalist in 1999.
It was in doubles that Schaerer made their only main-draw appearance in Grand Slam competition. At the 1999 Wimbledon Championships, they and partner Alina Jidkova lost in the qualifying event but entered the draw as lucky losers. They were beaten in the first round by 12th seeds Mary Joe Fernández and Monica Seles.
Schaerer made their last Fed Cup appearance in 2004. They featured in a total of 55 ties, for 64 wins overall, 39 in singles and 25 in doubles. These all remain national records for Paraguay.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 16 (11–5)
Doubles: 26 (13–13)
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Paraguayan female tennis players
Olympic tennis players of Paraguay
Tennis players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Asunción
The Open Source Security Foundation (OpenSSF) is a cross-industry forum for a collaborative effort to improve open source software security.
The list of founding governing board members includes GitHub, Google, IBM, JPMorgan Chase, Microsoft, NCC Group, OWASP Foundation and Red Hat. Other founding members include GitLab, HackerOne, Intel, Okta, Purdue, Uber, WhiteSource, and VMware.
See also
Open-source software security
The Linux Foundation
Open Security Foundation
References
External links
Open Source Security Foundation (OpenSSF) · GitHub
Free software project foundations in the United States
Organizations established in 2020
Darkapey (, also Romanized as Darkāpey) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2016 census, its population was 190, in 60 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Michigan's 4th House of Representatives district (also referred to as Michigan's 4th House district) is a legislative district within the Michigan House of Representatives located in the eastern portion of Wayne County, Michigan, including much of Detroit's Midtown and New Center neighborhoods, and all of the city of Hamtramck. The district was created in 1965, when the Michigan House of Representatives district naming scheme changed from a county-based system to a numerical one.
List of representatives
District Boundaries
Recent Elections
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
2010
2008
2006
References
Michigan House of Representatives districts
Government of Detroit
Daniel Obinim, also known as Angel Obinim (born 29 August 1977), is a minister of the International God's Way Church in Ghana.
Controversies
Stepping on Woman's Belly
In 2014 Obinim was seen on television stepping on the belly of a woman in a "deliverance" This led the Amnesty International in Ghana to call for their prosecution for assault.
Declarations
Daniel Obinim has made several public controversial declarations. They declared they were an angel of God, which led to the name "Angel Obinim" given to them by their church. They also seemed to have conjured a passport for a church member who lost his. In 2016, they told their church they could transform themselves and others into objects and animals. Jon Benjamin, the British High Commissioner to Ghana, ridiculed them for these claims over Twitter.
2016 flogging case
Obinim in August 2016 publicly flogged two teenagers, one of whom was pregnant, on live television, accusing them of fornicating and conspiring to abort a pregnancy, leading to public outcry, after the video also went viral on social media. Ghana's Minister of Gender, Children, and Social Protection Nana Oye Lithur themselves led a campaign for their arrest, by lodging a complaint to the Ghana Police Service Domestic Violence and Victims' Support Unit (DOVVSU). They were subsequently arrested.
Following the arrest, hundreds of their church members besieged the police station where they were held to demand their release, a move that was seen to be the first of its kind involving a religious leader. They also threatened not to vote for the current government in Ghana's upcoming election in December 2016 if Obinim is not released. The protesters were dispersed with a water cannon.
See also
Christianity in Ghana
References
1977 births
Living people
Prophets
Faith healers
Christian clergy in Ghana
Atwater is an unincorporated community located in the town of Chester, Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. It was named Mill Creek until a settler from Atwater, Ohio changed the name to Atwater in 1856.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Dodge County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Joseph Oyeyani Makoju (13 July 1948 – 11 April 2022) served as Special Adviser (Electric Power) to the President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria under two separate administrations. They were a Honorary Adviser on Electric Power to the President/Commander-in-Chief, Federal Republic of Nigeria (effect from 20 May 2008). They were also the Special Adviser to the President/Chief Executive, Dangote Group, the chairperson, Cement Manufacturers Association of Nigeria,
as well as West African Power Pool Executive Board. Makoju recently retired as the Group Managing Director/ CEO of the Dangote Cement PLC; a position they have held since April 2018.
Prior to that, they were the managing director/chief executive officer of the erstwhile National Electric Power Authority (NEPA)/Power Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN); Nigeria's national electricity utility.
They were selected and invited for this job by government on the basis of their track record in the private sector. And, for almost a decade, the managing director/chief executive officer of the West African Portland Cement Company,
at that time Nigeria's largest cement manufacturing company. After their tenure as the managing director/Chief Executive of NEPA, Makoju was appointed consecutively as Special Adviser to three presidents of Nigeria.
Early life and education
Makoju was born on 13 July 1948 in Okene, Kogi State Nigeria. Makoju was a Harford award winner of Government College, Kaduna and also a J. F. Kennedy Essays Award winner of Federal Government College Warri Nigeria. They graduated from University of Nottingham, UK, in 1972 with First Class Honours earning BSc in mechanical engineering; and M.Phil. mechanical engineering in 1974 from the same university. Attended National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies NIPSS, Kuru, Jos (mni) 1989 to 1990. They also held an honorary Doctor of Science degree in engineering from the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi.
Professional bodies
Makoju was a Chartered Engineer and a Fellow of the Nigerian Society of Engineers (FNSE), Nigerian Institute of Management (FNIM) and the Nigerian Academy of Engineering. They were a member of the British Institute of Mechanical Engineers, Nigerian Institute of Management and of the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (mni). They were the chairperson of Cement Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (CMAN) 1992 – 2000. They were the vice-president of Nigeria's Employers Consultative Association (NECA) (1998–2000). Between May 1994 and May 1999, they were the President of the Chemical and Non-Metallic Employers Federation (CANMPEF), the largest employers Federation in the manufacturing sector.
Makoju was a National Council member of the Manufacturer Association of Nigeria. They were also a member of the National Economic Revival Council, a think-tank for advising government on economic policy and member of the African Regional Board of the London School of Economics.
National awards
In parallel to their effort and contribution to the advancement of the country, Makoju was in October 2000 honoured with the officer of the Order of the Niger (OON) award, and in 2011 with officer of the Federal Republic – both Nigerian national awards. They were also honoured with the National Grand Commander of the Special Order of Merit from the Republic of Niger. They also held an honorary Doctorate of Science degree from the Federal University of Agriculture, Makurdi.
References
1948 births
2022 deaths
Nigerian mechanical engineers
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
People from Kogi State
Riga Central Station ( is the main railway station in Riga, Latvia. It is known as the main point of Riga due to its central location, and most forms of public transport stop in this area. Part of the building is a shopping centre.
Three rail mainlines depart the station to the east:
Riga–Skulte
Riga–Lugaži, through to the Estonian border crossing at Valka
Riga-Krustpils, which then splits into lines to Daugavpils and Zilupe, including international routes to the Russian, Belarusian & Lithuanian borders at Zilupe, & Turmantas.
Two rail mainlines depart the station to the west:
Riga–Jelgava, including lines through to Liepāja & the Lithuanian border at Meitene
Riga–Tukums, including trains through to Ventspils
History
The first railway station in Riga was constructed to serve as the western terminal station of the new railway line from Riga to Daugavpils which was financed by British contractors and led by British engineers. Construction of the station started in 1858, and the ceremony of laying the foundation stone on 21 May 1858 was attended by the Governor-General of the Baltic provinces Alexander Arkadyevich Suvorov. The station opened on 12 October 1861 along with the railway line, which connected Riga with Daugavpils and the Saint Petersburg–Warsaw railway line. The station building was designed by the architect Johann Felsko, and was a small building on two floors with two platforms and four tracks. In addition to railway facilities it also housed a telegraph office, a post office and a police station.
The station was expanded in 1885 following the project of Heinrich Scheel. Two separate stations were in operation in 19th century — one serving the line to Daugavpils and the other towards Jūrmala. They were joined and reconstructed in 1914 and functioned until the 1960s. In 1960 the current station building was opened and in 1965 — a second one. During the years, the station saw many reconstructions.
Future developments
There exist plans to completely remodel the station in conjunction with the Rail Baltica project. A design by Danish architectural firms PLH Architects and COWI was selected in March 2017.
Other facilities
In the Central station building on the first floor there is Rimi supermarket. Directly nearby is Stockmann supermarket and the largest cinema in the city — Forum cinemas. In station there are a lot of popular restaurants such as "Čili pica", Hesburger etc. Opposite Marijas iela there is a McDonald's restaurant and few hotels.
Public transport
There are many stops at this location. The main stop is the railway station, Riga Central Station, which operates all passenger trains within Latvia. Most public transport stops are situated in the nearby streets — Marijas iela, Merķeļa iela, Satekles iela and 13. janvāra iela. Buses and trolleybuses stop here.
References
External links
Railway stations in Riga
Railway stations opened in 1861
19th-century establishments in Latvia
1861 establishments in the Russian Empire
Pławanice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Derbhle Crotty is an Irish actor. They were born in County Cavan, Ireland in 1968.
They studied law in UCD in the late 1980s joining Dramsoc and then pursued the performance course at the Samuel Beckett Centre, Trinity College Dublin.
They were a member of the Abbey Theatre from 1994 - 2009 where they were involved in many productions. Amongst their earliest jobs at the Abbey was a role in Marina Carr's breakthrough play The Mai in 1994,and later the lead in Carr's Portia Coughlan for Garry Hynes, they also played the title role in a long neglected play from the 1930s by Irish Playwright Teresa Deevy called Katie Roche, this was directed by Judy Friel.
Derbhle has worked extensively in London and has appeared in many National Theatre and RSC productions.
In 2008 they were awarded the Irish Times Theatre Awards for best actor in the Abbey production of Three Sisters where they played the part of Masha. They won it for a 2nd time in 2015 for their portrayal of King Henry IV for Druid Theatre Company's production Druid Shakespeare.
Playography
The Mai (1994)
Portia Coughlan (1996)
Katie Roche (1994)
References
External links
Derbhle Crotty at The Abbey Theatre
Derbhle Crotty at Teresa Deevy Archive
Derbhle Crotty at Irish Playography
Derbhle Crotty's personal website
1968 births
Living people
irish Theatre awards
Irish theatre directors
Irish actores
Clara Creek is a locality in the Shire of Murweh, Queensland, Australia. In the , Clara Creek had a population of 45 people.
History
The locality was named and bounded on 28 March 2002.
Road infrastructure
The Landsborough Highway runs through from south to north-west.
References
Shire of Murweh
Localities in Queensland
The III Army Corps was one of three corps the Italian Army fielded during the Cold War. Based in the regions of Lombardy and Piedmont the corps was the army's operational reserve, while the 4th Alpine Army Corps and the 5th Army Corps, both based in the North East of Italy, were the army's front-line units. After the end of the Cold War the corps was reduced in size and on 1 December 2000 it ceded its last brigades to the 1st Defence Forces Command (COMFOD 1°). The personnel of the 3rd Army Corps was used to raise the NATO Rapid Deployable Italian Corps in January 2001.
History
Origins
The history of the 3rd Army Corps begins after the second Italian war of independence. Following the Italian-French victory over the Austrian Empire, the Kingdom of Sardinia annexed the Papal Legations in present-day Emilia Romagna. Thus on 1 April 1860 the 3rd Higher Military Command was activated as a territorial command in Parma and tasked to defend the newly acquired territory between the Trebbia and Panaro rivers, an area roughly corresponding with the historic Emilia region. The command consisted of the 5th, 8th and 12th division of the Line.
At the outbreak of the third Italian war of independence the command was renamed as III Army Corps and participated under command of Enrico Morozzo Della Rocca in the Italian Mincio campaign aimed at the Austrian Quadrilatero fortresses with the 7th, 8th, 9th and 16th divisions of the line. On 24 June 1866 the corps was one of two engaged in the Battle of Custoza.
In August 1867 the III Army Corps was disbanded. However, on 14 June 1869 the III Army Corps was raised again in Naples and given territorial duties. Until the outbreak of World War I the corps remained as a territorial command in Italy.
World War I
After the Italian declaration of war against the Austrian Empire on 23 May 1915 the III Army Corps under Lieutenant General Vittorio Camerana advanced on the extreme left flank of the Italian Army through the Valtellina, Camonica Trompia and Chiese valleys and along the Western shore of Lake Garda into Trentino. Although numerically superior the corps failed to cross the Stelvio and Tonale pass and advanced only until Riva del Garda and Tione, but failed to take either of the two cities. The corps consisted of the 5th and 6th Division of the Line (Infantry), the 35th Territorial Division, the 7th Bersaglieri Regiment and the 5th Alpini Regiment. All soldiers of the 5th Alpini Regiment had been recruited in the asupervisorstioned valleys and thus fought in a territory they knew perfectly well. However the 5th Alpini Regiment was never employed as a whole, but single companies or battalions were given specific mountain summits, ridges or passes to conquer and hold.
III Army Corps (Lieutenant General Vittorio Camerana)
5th Division of the Line (Major General Druetti)
Brigade of the Line Cuneo
7th Line Infantry Regiment
8th Line Infantry Regiment
Brigade of the Line Palermo
67th Line Infantry Regiment
68th Line Infantry Regiment
27th Territorial Field Artillery Regiment (5x batteries)
10th Sapper Company / 2nd Engineer Regiment
Divisional Service units
6th Division of the Line (Major General Roffi)
Brigade of the Line Sicilia
61st Line Infantry Regiment
62nd Line Infantry Regiment
Brigade of the Line Toscana
77th Line Infantry Regiment
78th Line Infantry Regiment
16th Field Artillery Regiment (8x batteries)
11th Sapper Company / 2nd Engineer Regiment
Divisional Service units
35th Territorial Division (Major General De Chaurand de Saint Eustache)
Brigade of the Line Parma
49th Line Infantry Regiment
50th Line Infantry Regiment
Brigade of the Line Milano
159th Line Infantry Regiment
160th Line Infantry Regiment
2x squadrons of the 27th Cavalleggeri di Aquila Cavalry Regiment
42nd Territorial Field Artillery Regiment (8x batteries)
15th Sapper Company / 2nd Engineer Regiment
Divisional Service units
5th Alpini Regiment (Morbegno, Tirano, Edolo, Vestone, Val d'Intelvi, Valtellina, Val Camonica, Val Chiese Alpini battalions)
7th Bersaglieri Regiment (VIII, X, XI, XLV Bersaglieri battalions)
27th Cavalleggeri di Aquila Cavalry Regiment
III Guardia di Finanza Frontier Battalion
6th Field Artillery Regiment (8x batteries)
II Group / 1st Heavy Field Artillery Regiment (2x batteries)
1st Tunnelling Engineers Battalion
18th Sapper Company / 2nd Engineer Regiment
4th Telegraph Engineers Company
Army Corps Service units
After the initial advance had been brought to a halt by the Austro-Hungarian Army the corps dug in and, although fierce fighting continued - especially on the Adamello glaciers - the front in the corps' sector remained almost unchanged until the end of the war. The front became so static that the 35th Territorial Division was sent to participate in the Allied war effort in Macedonia.
After the Italian defeat in the Battle of Caporetto the III Corps was taken out of the front and became the Army's reserve corps, tasked with countering any enemy breakthrough on the Piave front during the winter of 1917/18. In spring of 1918 the corps returned to its original area of deployment. After Austria signed the Armistice of Villa Giusti the III corps finally advanced into Trentino.
Interbellum
After the war the III Army Corps returned to its garrison in Milan. After the drawdown of forces in the early 1920s the corps consisted of the 6th Infantry Division Legnano in Milan, the 7th Infantry Division Leonessa in Brescia and the 8th Infantry Division Po in Piacenza.
In spring of 1936 the corps was sent to Eritrea to reinforce the Italian troops that faced stiffer than expected resistance during the Italian invasion of Abyssinia. The corps was led by Ettore Bastico and commanded the 27th Infantry Division Sila, 2nd Blackshirt Division 28 Ottobre and a brigade sized formation with light tanks. The corps fought in the First Battle of Tembien, Battle of Amba Aradam and Second Battle of Tembien.
World War II
After the return to Milan the corps was given the task to defend Italy along the Swiss-Italian border. To aid in its task the corps was given command of the Alpine Wall fortifications in its area of operation. When Italy declared war on France on 10 June 1940 the corps was near the French-Italian border in Limone Piemonte. The Italian Army only performed limited patrols and remained in its positions until after France had asked for an armistice on 20 June 1940. The next day the Italian divisions crossed the border in force, but stiff French resistance stopped them along the entire front after a few kilometres. During the campaign the corps commanded the 3rd Mountain Infantry Division Ravenna, 6th Infantry Division Cuneo and a mixed unit of four Alpini and two Mountain Artillery battalions.
After the Italian invasion of Greece in October 1940 bogged down under stiff Greek resistance the III Army Corps was dispatched to Albania to augment the Italian forces along the Macedonian front. The corps commanded the 19th Infantry Division Venezia, 36th Mountain Infantry Division Forlì, 48th Infantry Division Taro and 53rd Infantry Division Arezzo and the 4th Bersaglieri regiment as Corps reserve. All Italian attacks were repulsed by the Greeks until German forces invaded Greece through Bulgaria and cut the Greek Armies on the Albanian front off. Afterwards the III Army Corps advanced to Thebes where it remained on garrison duty until September 1943 when it surrendered to German forces after the Italian-Allied armistice.
WWII Commanders
Lieutenant-General Mario Arisio (10 June 1940 - 20 August 1941)
Lieutenant-General Angelo Rossi (20 August 1941 - 4 April 1943)
Lieutenant-General Luigi Manzi (4 April - 10 September 1943 : POW)
Cold War
On 15 June 1945 the III Territorial Military Command was activated in Milan which at the time controlled only the Infantry Division Legnano in Bergamo. The Legnano was a unit of the Italian Co-Belligerent Army and had served on the Allied side during the Italian campaign. Following service with the American 5th Army, the Legnano served with the Polish II Corps on the extreme left of the British 8th Army.
When the corps regained its historic name on 1 July 1957 it included besides the Legnano the Armoured Division Centauro in Novara, the Infantry Division Cremona and Alpine Brigade Taurinense both in Turin. In 1972 the Taurinense was transferred to the IV Alpine Army Corps. The corps - along with the 4th Alpine Army Corps and 5th Army Corps was part of NATOs Allied Land Forces Southern Europe Command (LANDSOUTH) in Verona.
In 1975 the Italian Army undertook a major reorganisation: the regimental level was abolished and battalions came under direct command of brigades, which combined units from different combat arms. In the same year the spelling of the name of the corps was changed from III Army Corps to 3rd Army Corps. Furthermore, the Cremona and Legnano divisions were reduced to brigades and therefore the 3rd Army Corps' new structure on 21 October 1975 was as follows:
3rd Army Corps in Milan:
Armoured Division Centauro in Novara
Armoured Brigade Curtatone in Bellinzago Novarese
Mechanized Brigade Goito in Milan
Mechanized Brigade Legnano in Bergamo
Motorized Brigade Cremona in Turin
In 1986 the Italian Army abolished the divisional level and realigned its forces to counter a possible Warsaw Pact attack better. The 3rd Army Corps was to either act as last line of defence along the Adige and Po rivers or to counter-attack broken through enemy forces in the Venetian plains. The corps was augmented by two mechanized brigades and as the Centauro division carried a historically significant name, the division ceased to exist on 31 October in Novara, but the next day in the same location the Armoured Brigade Centauro was activated and took command of the units of the Curtatone:
3rd Army Corps in Milan:
Armored Brigade Centauro (Novara)
Mechanized Brigade Goito (Milan)
Mechanized Brigade Legnano (Bergamo)
Mechanized Brigade Brescia (Brescia)
Mechanized Brigade Trieste (Bologna)
Motorized Brigade Cremona (Turin)
Each brigade, with the exception of the Centauro, fielded about 4,700 men. The Centauro fielded about 3,400 men and together with the corps' support units the entire corps fielded over 40,000 men. In 1982 Bersaglieri of the Legnano brigade were deployed in Italys first operation outside its soil since World War II as part of the Multinational Force in Lebanon.
After the Cold War
With the end of the Cold War the Italian Army began a decade long reduction of its forces. The first brigade to disband was the Goito on 1 June 1991, followed by the Brescia on 27 July 1991. Also on 1 June 1991 the Trieste ceased its colours in Bologna and in its stead the Mechanized Brigade Friuli arrived from Florence. The Friuli took command of some units of the disbanded Trieste and entered the ranks of the 3rd Army Corps. In September 1993 the Legnano brigade deployed to Somalia in support of United Nations Unified Task Force mission. In spring 1997 the Corps assumed responsibility for Operation Alba, the first multinational mission led by Italy, in the wake of the Albanian Rebellion of 1997.
In 1997 the army undertook the next big reform process. The 3rd Army Corps saw its Cremona and Legnano brigades disbanded. It also had to cede the Centauro to the 5th Army Corps. On 1 October 1997 the 3rd Army Corps changed its name and became the Projection Forces Command (Comando Forze di Proiezione or COMFOP) and gained the Parachute Brigade Folgore, the Bersaglieri Brigade Garibaldi and the amphibious Lagunari Regiment Serenissima, thus the corps commanded all rapidly deployable units of the Italian Army. The new structure of the corps was:
COMFOP in Milan
Parachute Brigade Folgore in Livorno
Mechanized Brigade Friuli in Bologna
Bersaglieri Brigade Garibaldi in Caserta
Lagunari Regiment Serenissima in Venice-Lido
1st Signal Regiment (3rd Signal Battalion Spluga) in Milano
10th Engineer Regiment (3rd Engineer Battalion Lario) in Cremona
26th Infantry Regiment Bergamo (1x training battalion) in Diano Castello
33rd Logistic Regiment Ambrosiano (1x battalion) in Solbiate Olona
121st Infantry Regiment Macerata (1x training battalion) in Fano
However already on 1 December 2000 it ceded its last brigades to the 1st Defence Forces Command (COMFOD 1°). The personnel of the 3rd Army Corps was used to raise the NATO Rapid Deployable Italian Corps in January 2001.
External links
History of the 3rd Army Corps - Italian Army Homepage
Regio Esercito (WW II)
References
Army corps of Italy in World War II
Corps of Italy
Army units and formations of Italy post-1946
John Lee, KC (6 March 1733 – 5 August 1793), was an English lawyer, politician, and law officer of the Crown. They assisted in the early days of Unitarianism in England.
Early life
Born in Leeds, Yorkshire, on 6 March 1733, they were one of eight sons and ten children of cloth merchant Thomas Lee and their wife, Mary (née Reveley). After their father died in 1736 they were mainly brought up by their mother, a Dissenter and friend of Thomas Secker, later Archbishop of Canterbury, who died in 1750.
Legal career
Lee was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn and joined the Northern Circuit, where eventually they gained an equal share with James Wallace of the leadership. They were a king's attorney and serjeant for the County Palatine of Lancaster from 1782 until their death.
In April 1769 Lee appeared before the House of Commons with John Glynn as counsel for John Wilkes and the petitioners against the return of Colonel Henry Luttrell for Middlesex; the petition failed. The government offered them a seat in the house and the K.C. in 1769, and in 1770 K.C. with the appointment of solicitor-general to the queen, but they refused both offers on political grounds. On 18 September 1769 they became, however, recorder of Doncaster. The appointment was through the influence of Lord Rockingham, whom Lee knew through the law, and signalled Lee's arrival as legal adviser to the Rockingham Whigs. In the Wilkite agitation of that year around the Society of Gentlemen Supporters of the Bill of Rights, Rockingham brought Lee and Alexander Wedderburn to Wentworth, to steer a moderate course, and in mid-September they found a precedent from 1701 for a petition to the Crown to dissolve parliament.
In 1779 Lee was one of the counsel for Admiral Augustus Keppel, 1st Viscount Keppel when they were tried by court-martial for their conduct in the Battle of Ushant. The trial in Portsmouth was politicised, Keppel being a Whig, and their second-in-command, Sir Hugh Palliser, a Tory, acting for the prosecution. When Keppel's name was cleared, Lee took no fee, but Keppel gave them their own portrait, painted by Sir Joshua Reynolds. In 1780 Lee became a king's counsel. Known at the bar as "honest Jack Lee", they were distinguished for their integrity, and amassed a large fortune.
In politics
In the second administration of Lord Rockingham, Lee was appointed Solicitor General for England and Wales, and sat in parliament for Clitheroe. It was a pocket borough, controlled by Thomas Lister and the Curzon family. Lister was a Whig, Assheton Curzon a Tory ministerialist, and when the two came to an agreement in 1790 to share the double-member seat, Lee lost out. It meant they had no seat in the 1790 British general election. Later that year, they were brought in for Higham Ferrers by the Whig magnate William Fitzwilliam, 4th Earl Fitzwilliam at a by-election, Viscount Duncannon preferring . They then sat for that constituency till they died.
Lee resigned office on Rockingham's death, but returned to it under the Duke of Portland, and on the death of Wallace at the end of 1783, they were promoted to be Attorney General for England and Wales, and held the office till the Duke of Portland was dismissed. In politics they were a thoroughgoing party man. One of their maxims was "Never speak well of a political enemy". John Wilkes spoke of them as having been in the House of Commons "a most impudent dog"; Nathaniel Wraxall called them coarse and abusive, though they acknowledged their intelligence: "a man of strong intellectual parts, though of very coarse manners".
Death and family
Lee died from cancer on 5 August 1793, having suffered from ill health and played little part in politics at the end of their life. They were buried at Staindrop Church, County Durham. The monument there, by Joseph Nollekens, was paid for by Earl Fitzwilliam. A bust of Lee by Nollekens had already appeared in The Rockingham Mausoleum.
Lee had married in 1769 Mary Hutchinson (1734–1812), daughter of William Hutchinson of Staindrop, and obtained a house and estate there. They had a daughter, Mary Tabitha (1777–1851). Their father-in-law was agent to Henry Vane, 2nd Earl of Darlington.
Associations
Joseph Priestley and Richard Price were among Lee's friends, and they associated with pro-Americans and radicals.
"Honest Whig" and pro-American
Lee knew Benjamin Franklin through the Whig coffee-house club — Franklin's "club of Honest Whigs" of their first mission in London (1757–1762) — which they frequented with Priestley, Price and Andrew Kippis, and introduced Priestley to Edmund Burke. On a later Franklin visit, that of 1773–5, Lee was one of those who met in Ludgate Hill, at the London Coffee House. It was the so-called "fortnight club".
In Franklin's Privy Council hearing of 1774, over the Hutchinson Letters Affair, Lee acted as their counsel, as second to John Dunning. With Thomas Townshend, Lee was attacked in 1775 by John Shebbeare writing as a government hack for Lord North's administration.
Religious views and Essex Street Chapel
By family background in Leeds, Lee was associated with Mill Hill Chapel, which was de facto Unitarian. Their own views were influenced by their friend Priestley. They met Theophilus Lindsey through Priestley and William Turner of Wakefield, in the late 1760s. They were a sympathetic adviser to the promoters of the Feathers Tavern petition of 1772 to Parliament, asking for lifting of restrictions on religious dissenters.
A leading figure in the petition was Theophilus Lindsey, a priest of the Church of England, who in 1773 resigned their Yorkshire living because of religious scruples of conscience, a step against Lee's wishes because the chances were their replacement would be High Church or an evangelical, rather than a liberal. In 1774 Lee helped Lindsey establish the first avowedly Unitarian congregation in England. It was Lord Shelburne, a financial backer, who directed Lee, and Sir George Saville, towards Lindsey's Unitarians. Before the 1813 Act it was illegal to deny the doctrine of the Trinity, but the temper of the times allowed for some latitude. Lee persuaded the relevant London justices to register the Essex Street Chapel at Hicks Hall, and attended Lindsey's inaugural sermon. In 1775, Lee, Lindsey and their wife and Priestley were meeting regularly on Sunday mornings.
Lee was known as a nonconformist. With Sir William Fowle Middleton, 1st Baronet, they voted in parliament in 1789 for legal relief for dissenters, when the Test Acts and Corporation Act were debated.
Later years
In 1779 Burke consulted Lee on their own affairs, and a case concerning the Irish army officer Bigoe Armstrong (died 1794). With Charles James Fox and others, Lee worked successfully for the release of John Trumbull, during the American Revolutionary War. In the small group of Rockingham Whigs involved in the Yorkshire Association petition of early 1780, with Shelburne, Burke, Keppel and George Byng, they wrote again to Christopher Wyvill in support of the Association in 1782.
John Burgoyne, on parole in England after their capture by the Continental Army, was summoned back to America in 1781 (apparently tit-for-tat, in relation to the detention in the Tower of London of Henry Laurens. The advice of Lee and Charles James Fox led to an appeal to Benjamin Franklin, carried out by Burke.
In Fytch's Case, Lee won the case, on a resignation bond given for a church living, in the Court of Common Pleas in 1782 against the Bishop of London, on behalf of Lewis Disney Fytche. The decision was reversed on appeal.
Samuel Heywood was one of Lee's friends from the Northern Circuit. In 1783, Lee represented the owners of the slave ship Zong in court, after its owners tried to force their insurers to pay them for the loss of 132 slaves murdered by the ship's crew. Their legal argument invoked the concept of chattel slavery and became notorious in abolitionist circles; it cannot be taken as their personal view, and the same goes for Heywood, another dissenter on the insurers's legal team.
References
Attribution
1733 births
1793 deaths
English barristers
Attorneys General for England and Wales
Solicitors General for England and Wales
Members of Lincoln's Inn
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1780–1784
British MPs 1784–1790
British MPs 1790–1796
People from Staindrop
Ringgold County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,663, making it the Iowa county with the second-smallest population. The county seat is Mount Ayr. The county is named after Maj. Samuel Ringgold, a hero of the Battle of Palo Alto fought in May 1846, during the Mexican–American War. It is one of the 26 Iowa counties with a name that is unique across the nation.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 169
Iowa Highway 2
Iowa Highway 25
Adjacent counties
Union County (north)
Decatur County (east)
Harrison County, Missouri (southeast)
Worth County, Missouri (southwest)
Taylor County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 4,663 in the county, with a population density of . 96.68% of the population reported being of one race. 94.32% were non-Hispanic White, 0.06% were Black, 1.52% were Hispanic, 0.15% were Native American, 0.17% were Asian, 0.02% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.75% were some other race or more than one race. There were 2,672 housing units, of which 1,945 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 5,131 in the county, with a population density of . There were 2,613 housing units, of which 2,047 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 5,469 people, 2,245 households, and 1,537 families in the county. The population density was 10 people per square mile (4/km2). There were 2,789 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 99.07% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.16% Asian, 0.02% from other races, and 0.42% from two or more races. 0.24% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 2,245 households 27.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.70% were married couples living together, 5.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.50% were non-families. 28.60% of households were one person and 17.80% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.90.
The age distribution was 24.00% under the age of 18, 6.90% from 18 to 24, 21.40% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 24.00% 65 or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 94.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.40 males.
The median household income was $29,110 and the median family income was $34,472. Males had a median income of $24,583 versus $20,606 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,023. About 9.40% of families and 14.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.40% of those under age 18 and 16.40% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Beaconsfield
Benton
Clearfield (pt)
Delphos
Diagonal
Ellston
Kellerton
Maloy
Mount Ayr
Redding
Shannon City (pt)
Tingley
Census-designated place
Sun Valley Lake
Unincorporated communities
Townships
Athens
Benton
Clinton
Grant
Jefferson
Liberty
Lincoln
Lotts Creek
Middle Fork
Monroe
Poe
Rice
Riley
Tingley
Union
Washington
Waubonsie
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Ringgold County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ringgold County, Iowa
Ringgold County Courthouse
Notes
References
External links
Ringgold County Portal style website maintained by the Ringgold County government
Ringgold County history and information
1847 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1847
is a former Japanese Infielder with the Yomiuri Giants.
External links
1989 births
Baseball people from Kumamoto Prefecture
Japanese baseball coaches
Japanese baseball players
Living people
Nippon Professional Baseball coaches
Nippon Professional Baseball second basemen
Nippon Professional Baseball shortstops
Nippon Professional Baseball third basemen
Yomiuri Giants players
Lakers du Lac Saint-Louis was a Canadian women's semi-professional soccer club based in Lachine, Montréal, Quebec that played in the Première ligue de soccer du Québec.
History
The club was formed by the Association Régionale de Soccer du Lac St-Louis to participate in the newly formed women's division of the Première ligue de soccer du Québec, taking the regional approach, rather than to have one of their member clubs form a team. Patrick Viollat was named the club's head coach. The team had a disappointing season finishing in last place. After the first season, they departed the league, with the association transferring control of the team over to CS Mont-Royal Outremont, one of its member clubs for 2019.
Season
Women
References
Soccer clubs in Quebec
Lakers du Lac Saint-Louis
Women's soccer clubs in Canada
The 2022–23 Ardal SW season (also known as the 2022–23 Floodlighting and Electrical Services Ardal SW season for sponsorship reasons) is the second season of the new third-tier southern region football in Welsh football pyramid, part of the Ardal Leagues.
Teams
The league was made up of 16 teams competing for one automatic promotion place to Cymru South, whilst the second place team qualified for a play-off with the second-placed team of Ardal SE. Three teams are relegated to Tier 4.
Team changes
To Ardal SW
Promoted from South Wales Alliance League Premier Division
Baglan Dragons
Cefn Cribwr
Promoted from West Wales Premier League
Mumbles Rangers
Seven Sisters Onllwyn
Relegated from Cymru South
Port Talbot Town
From Ardal SW
Promoted to Cymru South
Pontardawe Town
Ynyshir Albions
Relegated
Ton Pentre
West End
AFC Porth
Stadia and locations
Source: Ardal SW Ground Information
(Cefn Cribwr are ground sharing at Cambrian & Clydach Vale, whilst Mumbles Rangers share at Swansea University)
League table
Results
League champions, runners-up and play-off finalists
Fair Play winner
The winner for each respective division's FAW Fair Play Table was to be given £1,000 prize money and the FAW Fair Play Trophy.
References
External links
Football Association of Wales
Ardal Southern Leagues
Ardal Southern Twitter Page
Tier 3 Rules & Regulations
3
Ardal Leagues
Wales
Inca bonplandi is a species of beetles of the family Scarabaeidae.
Description
Inca bonplandi can reach a length of about .
Distribution
This species can be found in Brazil.
References
Cetoniinae
Beetles described in 1817
Kilraghtis () is a civil parish of County Clare, Ireland.
It covers an area northeast of the town of Ennis, and includes the Ennis suburb of Roslevan.
Location
The parish of Kilraghtis is in the barony of Bunratty Upper.
It is northeast of Ennis.
The parish is and covers .
In 1841 the population was 1,995 in 297 houses. The man hamlet at that time was Spancel-Hill.
The main road from Ennis to Galway runs through the parish.
The civil parish of Kilraghtis is today part of the Catholic parish of Doora-Barefield in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe.
History and antiquities
There are few antiquities of any interest in the parish.
In 1893 the old church was very dilapidated. Nothing is known about the church or its patron.
There are no holy wells, and no significant raths or forts.
In 1559 the Battle of Spancel Hill was fought nearby, during a succession dispute in the O'Brien clan.
Townlands
The parish holds the townlands of Ballyduff, Ballyline, Ballymacahil, Ballymaconna, Ballyogan, Bearnafunshin, Cahernalough, Cappagh Beg, Cappagh More, Carrowdotia, Cloonkerry, Cloontymurphy, Cullenagh, Curraderra, Cragard, Drumgloon, Drumquin, Drumgranagh, Knockaluskraun, Racorcraun, Rosslevan, Tooreen and Tullyvoghan.
The townland of Rosslevan is in the town of Ennis.
References
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
is a Japanese potter.
Ito Sekisui V is the 14th generation of their family to follow a long tradition of ceramic work. They were given the birth name Yoichi Ito, the first character of their name ("yo" ) being the Japanese word for "kiln". After their father Ito Sekisui IV's death (when Yoichi was 19), they studied ceramics at Kyoto University. After graduating in 1966, they returned to their home town of Sado to continue the family business.
Their work was displayed at the Traditional Arts and Crafts Exhibition in 1972. In 1973, they won first prize at the second Japan Ceramic Art Exhibition.
In the 1980s, Sekisui V started to create neriage works as well as their family's traditional mumyoi-yaki pieces and, in 2003, they were appointed a Living National Treasure of Japan for their work in these fields.
References
Living people
Japanese ceramists
Living National Treasures of Japan
1941 births
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
Kolea may refer to:
Koléa, Algeria
Koléa District, Tipaza Province, Algeria
The Hawaiian name (kōlea) for the Pacific golden plover
The Hawaiian species of the plant genus Myrsine (also kōlea)
People
Sotir Kolea (1872–1945), Albanian folklorist
Norman "Norrie" Rowan (born c. 1951) is a Scottish international rugby union player, from Edinburgh, who played for .
They played for Forrester RFC and later Boroughmuir RFC, and was also nominated for Rugby World'''s "Unsung Hero" award in 1989 – they were the only Scot to be given an award in that year, after playing in all Five Nations matches that year. They received thirteen caps playing as prop forward for the national team.
Rowan excavated the Edinburgh Vaults, after they found a tunnel leading to them in the 1980s. From this tunnel they helped Romanian rugby player Cristian Raducanu escape the Romanian secret police and seek political asylum weeks before the Romanian uprising of 1989.
Rowan stood for the Scottish Parliament elections in 1999.
 They are currently semi retired. As a business person they have run a number of pubs and bars in Edinburgh, including the Tron Tavern in the Old Town, where it was traditional for the Scotland team to entertain visiting rugby players after international games.
In 2019 they were behind a controversial campaign opposed to the creation of a new homeless centre in Edinburgh city. The campaign distributed posters using the slogan "If you want a junkie for a neighbour vote Labour", echoing a controversial Conservative slogan from the Smethwick 1964 general election.
References
Starmer-Smith, Nigel & Robertson, Ian (eds) The Whitbread Rugby World '89'' (Lennard Books, 1988 )
External links
Horror tale is stranger than fiction, article mentioning Norrie Rowan.
1950s births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Boroughmuir RFC players
Businesspeople from Edinburgh
Forrester RFC players
Tushar Kanti Ghosh (September 21, 1898 – August 29, 1994) was an Indian journalist and writer. For sixty years, until shortly before their death, Ghosh was the editor of the English-language newspaper Amrita Bazar Patrika in Kolkata. They also served as the leader of prominent journalism organizations such as the International Press Institute and the Commonwealth Press Union. Ghosh was known as the "grand old man of Indian journalism" and "the dean of Indian journalism" for their contributions to the country's free press.
Ghosh studied at the Bangabasi College of the University of Calcutta. They replaced their father as editor of the Amrita Bazar Patrika and founded sister newspapers across India, as well as a Bengali-language paper called Jugantar.
Ghosh rose to prominence as a journalist in the Indian independence movement. They were a supporter of Mahatma Gandhi and the non-violence movement. British colonial authorities imprisoned Ghosh in 1935 for an article which attacked the authority of British judges.
According to a possibly apocryphal story, the colonial Governor of Bengal Province once informed Ghosh that while they read Ghosh's paper regularly, its grammar was imperfect and "it does some violence to the English language." Ghosh reportedly replied, "That, Your Excellency, is my contribution to the freedom struggle."
In addition to their work as a journalist, Ghosh wrote fictional novels and children's books. In 1964, they were a recipient of the third-highest civilian honour of India, the Padma Bhushan, for their contributions to literature and education. Ghosh died of heart failure in Kolkata in 1994 after a brief illness.
References
Bengali writers
Bangabasi College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Recipients of the Padma Bhushan in literature & education
Bengali people
Bengali Hindus
Writers from Kolkata
Indian Hindus
Indian cricket administrators
Presidents of the Cricket Association of Bengal
1898 births
1994 deaths
Raveh () may refer to:
Raveh, Markazi
Yehuda Raveh
Natalin may refer to the following places:
Natalin, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Natalin, Gmina Annopol in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Natalin, Gmina Urzędów in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Natalin, Lubartów County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Natalin, Lublin County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Natalin, Łuków County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Natalin, Grójec County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Natalin, Radom County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Natalin, Wyszków County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Yuanxing may refer to:
Chinese era
Yuanxing (元興) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Yuanxing (105), era name used by Emperor They of Han
Yuanxing (264–265), era name used by Sun Hao, emperor of Eastern Wu
Yuanxing (402–404), era name used by Emperor An of Jin
Beef cattle
Yuanxing (beef cattle) (源興牛), an original Tajima strain's breed of Taiwanese beef cattle.
Biała Pierwsza refers to the following places in Poland:
Biała Pierwsza, Łódź Voivodeship
Biała Pierwsza, Lublin Voivodeship
Alcubierre may refer to:
Places
Alcubierre, Huesca, Aragon, Spain; a municipality
Sierra de Alcubierre, a mountain range in Spain
People
Count of Alcubierre, a Grandee of Spain, see List of current Grandees of Spain
Inocencia Alcubierre (1901-1927) Spanish actor
Miguel Alcubierre (born 1964) Mexican physicist, discoverer of the Alcubierre metric, inventor of the Alcubierre warp drive theory
Pedro Latorre Alcubierre, a Spanish colonial governor of Ifni and Spanish Sahara, see List of colonial governors of Ifni
Roque Joaquín de Alcubierre (1702-1780) Spanish military engineer
See also
Alcubierre drive, a type of relativistically consistent non-Newtonian spacewarp spaceship drive
Senés de Alcubierre, Huesca, Aragon, Spain
Disambiguation pages
Santa Cruz is a district of the Santa Cruz canton, in the Guanacaste province of Costa Rica.
Geography
Santa Cruz has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
Villages
Administrative center of the district is the town of Santa Cruz.
Other villages in the district are Ángeles, Arado, Bernabela, Cacao, Cinto, Conga, Cuatro Esquinas, Chibola, Chircó, Chumico, Guayabal, Hato Viejo, Lagunilla, Lechuza, Limón, Moya, Puente Negro. Retallano (partly), Rincón, Río Caño Viejo, San Juan, San Pedro and Vistamar.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Santa Cruz had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 21
National Route 160
National Route 904
National Route 909
National Route 931
References
Districts of Guanacaste Province
Populated places in Guanacaste Province
The Monaco men's national tennis team represents Monaco in the Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Fédération Monegasque de Lawn Tennis.
Monaco currently compete in Europe Zone Group III. The team reached the top-8 in the European Zone in 1972, which is still their best result in the Davis Cup.
History
Monaco competed in its first Davis Cup in 1929.
Current team (2022)
Valentin Vacherot
Lucas Catarina
Hugo Nys
Romain Arneodo (Doubles player)
See also
Davis Cup
References
External links
Davis Cup teams
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
The pound was the currency of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and its colonial predecessors until 1793. The Massachusetts pound used the £sd currency system of 1 pound divided into 20 shillings, each of 12 pence. Initially, sterling coin and foreign currencies circulated in Massachusetts, supplemented by the pine tree shilling produced by the "Hull Mint" between 1652 and 1682 and by local paper money from 1690.
The paper money issued in colonial Massachusetts was denominated in £sd, although it was worth less than sterling. Initially, six shillings were equal to one Spanish dollar. After years of high inflation, in 1749 Massachusetts withdrew its paper money from circulation and returned to specie.
Massachusetts once again began issuing paper money after the American Revolutionary War began in 1775. The state currency depreciated greatly and was replaced by the U.S. dollar in 1793.
Coins
Shillings were issued in denominations of 3 and 6 pence and 1 shilling. The first pieces bore the letters "NE" and the denomination "III", "VI" or "XII". The coins (the pine tree shillings) were smaller than the equivalent sterling coins by 22.5%.
Later pieces, struck between 1652 and 1660 or 1662, bore the image of a willow tree, with an oak tree appearing on coins produced between 1660 or 1662 and ca. 1667. However, the most famous design was the final one to be issued, the pine tree type, struck between ca. 1667 and 1682. The coins circulated widely in North America and the Caribbean.
The shillings nearly all bore the date "1652". This was the date of the Massachusetts Bay Colony legislation sanctioning the production of shillings. The date was maintained by the Massachusetts moneyers in order to appear to be complying with English law that reserved the right of produce shillings to the crown, since, in 1652, England was a Commonwealth (King Charles I having been beheaded three years previously). The shillings were struck by John Hull and Robert Sanderson, two Massachusetts settlers. The image of the pine tree on the later coins may symbolize an important export for Massachusetts - pine trees for ships' masts. The "Hull Mint" producing the pine tree shillings was closed by the English government in 1682.
Paper money
From 1690, paper money was issued, denominated in £sd. The notes were printed from engraved copper plates (probably the work of silversmith Jeremiah Dummer).
The pine tree shilling struck by "The Hull Mint" in Boston for the Massachusetts Bay Colony was initially worth 9d sterling. However, the value of this first issue of notes declined relative to silver coins and, in 1704, the "Old Tenor" notes were introduced, again at a value of 1 Massachusetts shilling = 9d sterling. The value of these notes also declined and they were followed, in 1737, by the "Middle Tenor" issue, worth 3 times the Old Tenor notes, and, in 1741, by the "New Tenor" issue, worth 4 times the Old Tenor notes. In 1759, all previous issues were replaced by the "Colonial" issue, worth 10 times the Old Tenor notes.
References
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Pre-statehood history of Massachusetts
Economy of Massachusetts
1652 establishments in Massachusetts
Sir George Beresford-Stooke (3 January 1897 – 7 April 1983) – always known as "Toby" - was Chief Secretary to Northern Rhodesia, and later appointed Governor of Sierra Leone from September, 1947 until December 1952.
Beresford-Stooke was born on 3 January 1897 in Priors Marston, Warwickshire. On 15 January 1914 (just after their 17th birthday) they enrolled in the Royal Navy, with the rank of Paymaster Lieutenant.
After the end of the First World War, they joined their Majesty's Overseas Civil Service (HMOCS), serving in Sarawak, Kenya, Mauritius, Zanzibar, and as Chief Secretary of Northern Rhodesia and then of Nigeria.
They married Creenagh Lydia L. Richards; they adopted two babies, a boy and a girl.
Governor of Sierra Leone (September 1947 – December 1952)
While Governor of Sierra Leone, they were also Chief Scout of that country. Their time as governor corresponded with a troubling rise of the Crocodile Society in rural parts of the country.
In 1951, Sir George revised the Constitution of Sierra Leone to expand the franchise to women in areas of the "interior" where, up until that point, only men were allowed the right-to-vote on local matters. Beresford-Stooke ordered government resources to go towards building health clinics and repairing roads on Tasso, Kagbeli, and Tumbu Islands which had long been overlooked by the government. Each island had a small handful of facilities run by the British government, however those facilities were all racially segregated into "European" and "African" sections. Beresford-Stooke ordered all of those facilities to be desegregated, and all new facilities to be built without racial segregation in mind with respects to new structures. In the city of Bo, local indigenous leaders requested more funds for school building and road repairs, Beresford-Stooke succeeded in getting those funds allocated and having the repairs completed before leaving office. Beresford-Stooke also requested and received help in increasingly "rural literacy" programs in the colony's interior. They ordered that signs which had hitherto only been painted in English, also be painted in the Sherbro, Mende and Temne languages so that locals who did not speak English were able to read them. Sir Milton Margai later said that if more colonial administrators "had been like Beresford-Stooke, Hodson, Wilkinson and Ransford Slater, colonialism would have had a better reputation. However, most simply were not."
They retired from HMOCS in 1952, aged 55 (the normal retirement age for that Service at that time).
Retirement
Retiring to East Molesey, Surrey, Sir George became Second Crown Agent for the Colonies. They served as Treasurer to the International African Institute, 1955–1965, and as Vice-Chairman, 1957–1974.
In 1954, after six months as Assistant, Sir George, having been a Scout for many years, was appointed Overseas Commissioner for the Boy Scout Association
Also in 1954, Sir George was appointed a Knight of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem. Their portrait is in the National Portrait Gallery
In 1959, Sir George was part of a team tasked by UK to investigate the detention camps in Kenya.
Sir George was a Gentleman Usher of the Blue Rod, 1959–1972.
Sir George and Creenagh later moved to Hillfarance, west of Taunton, Somerset, where they died on 7 April 1983. They lie buried in the Churchyad of the Parish Church of the Holy Cross at Hillfarrance. Their wife Creenagh (born 14 May 1907) also died there, in November 1998.
See also
Index of Sierra Leone–related articles
Hannah Benka-Coker
References
1897 births
1952 deaths
Governors of Sierra Leone
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Royal Navy officers
Royal Navy officers of World War I
Chief Secretaries of Northern Rhodesia
Chief Secretaries of Nigeria
People from Warwickshire
People from Molesey
People from Somerset
Royal Navy logistics officers
British expatriates in Northern Rhodesia
Pseudocellus is an arachnid genus in the order Ricinulei, first described by Norman Platnick in 1980.
Species
it contains thirty-five species:
Pseudocellus abeli Armas, 2017 — Cuba
Pseudocellus alux Armas & Agreda, 2016 — Guatemala
Pseudocellus barberi (Ewing, 1929) — Guatemala, Honduras (nomen dubium)
Pseudocellus blesti (Merrett, 1960) — Panama
Pseudocellus bolivari Gertsch, 1971 — Mexico
Pseudocellus boneti (Bolívar y Pieltain, 1942) — Mexico
Pseudocellus chankin Valdez-Mondragón & Francke, 2011 — Mexico
Pseudocellus cookei (Gertsch, 1977) — Guatemala
Pseudocellus cruzlopezi Valdez-Mondragón & Francke, 2013 — Mexico
Pseudocellus cubanicus (Dumitresco & Juvara-balş, 1973) — Cuba
Pseudocellus dissimulans (Cooke & Shadab, 1973) — El Salvador
Pseudocellus dorotheae (Gertsch & Mulaik, 1939) — US
Pseudocellus gertschi (Márquez & Conconi, 1974) — Mexico
Pseudocellus ignotus Armas, 2017 — Cuba
Pseudocellus jarocho Valdez-Mondragón & Francke, 2011 — Mexico
Pseudocellus krejcae Cokendolpher & Enríquez, 2004 — Belize
Pseudocellus mayari (Armas, 1977) — Cuba
Pseudocellus mitchelli Gertsch, 1971 — Mexico
Pseudocellus monjarazi Valdez-Mondragón & Francke, 2013 — Mexico
Pseudocellus osorioi (Bolívar y Pieltain, 1946) — Mexico
Pseudocellus oztotl Valdez-Mondragón & Francke, 2011 — Mexico
Pseudocellus pachysoma Teruel & Armas, 2008 — Cuba
Pseudocellus paradoxus (Cooke, 1972) — Cuba
Pseudocellus pearsei (Chamberlin & Ivie, 1938) — Mexico
Pseudocellus pelaezi (Coronado Gutierrez, 1970) — Mexico
Pseudocellus permagnus Armas, 2017 — Cuba
Pseudocellus platnicki Valdez-Mondragón & Francke, 2011 — Mexico
Pseudocellus reddelli (Gertsch, 1971) — Mexico
Pseudocellus relictus (Chamberlin & Ivie, 1938) — Panama
Pseudocellus sbordonii (Brignoli, 1974) — Mexico
Pseudocellus seacus Platnick & Pass, 1982 — Guatemala
Pseudocellus silvai (Armas, 1977) — Cuba
Pseudocellus spinotibialis (Goodnight & Goodnight, 1952) — Mexico
Pseudocellus undatus Armas, 2017 — Cuba
Pseudocellus valerdii Valdez-Mondragón & Juárez-Sánchez, 2021 — Mexico
References
External links
Arachnid genera
Ricinulei
Arthropods of Central America
Ghulam Ali Nizamani is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-224 (Badin-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2002 Pakistani general election. They received 70,231 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Akram Nizamani.
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-224 (Badin-cum-Tando Muhammad Khan-I) as a candidate of PPP in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 87,102 votes and defeated Ali Akber Nizaman, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (F) (PML-F).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-224 (Badin-cum-Tando Muhammad Khan-I) as an independent candidate in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 281 votes and lost the seat to Sardar Kamal Khan.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Year of birth missing (living people)
Menteng Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium in Menteng, Central Jakarta, Indonesia. It was used mostly for football reserve matches and was the home stadium of Persija football team. The stadium was built in 1921 with Dutch architects F.J. Kubatz dan P.A.J. Moojen and was named Voetbalbond Indische Omstreken Sport (Viosveld).
In October 2006 the stadium was demolished and a public park called Menteng Park was built on the area by the administration of Sutiyoso, governor of Jakarta at that time. The demolition was very debatable amongst the PSSI, because minister of sports Adhyaksa Dault had not approved this action. The stadium's demolition also led to conflicts that almost disbanded Persija Jakarta.
Persija Jakarta
Defunct sports venues in Indonesia
Defunct football venues in Indonesia
Sports venues in Indonesia
Football venues in Indonesia
Sports venues in Jakarta
Multi-purpose stadiums in Indonesia
Athletics (track and field) venues in Indonesia
Football venues in Jakarta
Venues of the 1962 Asian Games
Asian Games archery venues
Automatic is the second studio album by Australian psychedelic jazz fusion group, Mildlife. The album was released 18 September 2020 and peaked at number 8 on the ARIA Charts, the group's first ARIA top 100 charting albums.
At the 2021 ARIA Music Awards, it won Best Jazz Album. The track Rare Air was nominated for best song at the 2020 Music Victoria Awards.
Reception
Tyler Jenke from Rolling Stone Australia said "Consisting of just six tracks that span a masterful 40 minutes, Automatic is an atmospheric mix of groove-driven psychedelic progressive jazz that shifts between moods as effortlessly as it does instruments." Jenke described the album as "An exercise in euphoria".
Ben Somerford from The AU Review said "Automatic is a fine lesson in restraint and tight finesse. At a time when the world feels foreign, Mildlife's sci-fi alt-rock works perfectly."
Barnaby Smith from Sydney Morning Herald said "Automatic combines elements of prog-rock, such as Jean-Michel Jarre and Mike Oldfield, with the sensual funk of Serge Gainsbourg, touches of classic house music, and indeed the best of DFA Records. On most tracks, synths with that warm and heady vintage feel play a leading role. But as exciting as all this is, the fact that Mildlife mix up genres so exuberantly does not obscure the simple but immensely effective vocal melodies that drift over their bouncy arrangements."
Track listing
Charts
References
2020 albums
The brown-backed chat-tyrant (Ochthoeca fumicolor) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
brown-backed chat-tyrant
Birds of the Northern Andes
brown-backed chat-tyrant
brown-backed chat-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mucilaginibacter composti is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic rod-shaped, non-spore-forming and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from compost.
References
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2011
Marromeu District is a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique. The principal town is
Marromeu. The district is located in the northeast of the province, and borders with Chinde and Mopeia Districts of Zambezia Province in the north, Cheringoma District in the south and in the west, and with Caia District in the northwest. In the southeast, the district is limited by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . It has a population of 119,718 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal river of the district is the Zambezi, which separates it from Zambezia Province. Most of the rivers in the district are left tributaries of the Zambezi, and a large part of the Zambezi Delta lies within the district.
The climate of the district is tropical humid, with the average annual rainfall being .
History
The population of the area before Portuguese colonization consisted mostly of nomadic Phozo peoples who were frequently in war with each other.
Demographics
As of 2005, 46% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 31% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Cindau. 77% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Chupanga and Marromeu, which comprise in total five localities.
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 15,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, pearl millet, sorghum, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long.
References
Districts in Sofala Province
Fatmir Hasani () is a politician in Serbia from the country's Albanian community. They served in the National Assembly of Serbia from 2016 to 2020 as a member of the Party for Democratic Action (Partija za demokratsko delovanje, PDD). During this time, Hasani was the only Albanian member of the Serbian parliament.
Private life and career
Hasani was born in Bujanovac, then part of the People's Republic of Serbia in the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia. They became a chemistry professor in their home municipality after completing their education.
Hasani welcomed a visit by Serbian president Boris Tadić and Serbia and Montenegro cabinet minister Rasim Ljajić to their school in 2005, saying that it demonstrated the president's attention to education in multi-ethnic communities; a media report from this time described them as the school's principal.
Politician
Hasani has been a prominent member of the PDD for several years. In 2002, they were identified in a news report as the party's local chairperson in Bujanovac. Early in the following year, they addressed a rally that called for the release of seven Albanian protesters detained by state security forces, and they urged national and international authorities to uphold the 2001 Koncul agreement on demilitarization in the region.
Hasani received the tenth position on the electoral list of the Albanian Coalition of Preševo Valley (which included the PDD) in the 2012 Serbian parliamentary election. In the 2014 election, they received the fourth position on the PDD's list. They were not elected on either occasion.
They were given the first position on the PDD's list for the 2016 parliamentary election after party leader Riza Halimi chose not to stand as a candidate. During the campaign, they drew attention to the need for Albanians to be integrated into state institutions and called on the Serbian state to provide textbooks in the Albanian language and recognize degrees from the University of Priština. The PDD won a single parliamentary mandate and Hasani was accordingly elected. After the election, the party offered parliamentary support to prime minister Aleksandar Vučić's administration and took part in discussions about playing a role in government.
The PDD and Hasani's relationship with Vučić's government deteriorated in early 2017, after Serbian authorities attempted to send a train emblazoned with the words "Kosovo Is Serbia" to North Mitrovica in the disputed territory of Kosovo. In interviews during this period, Hasani called for the status of the Preševo Valley to be included in an upcoming dialogue between Serbia and Kosovo and highlighted problems with the Serbian police presence in Albanian communities.
Vučić subsequently reaffirmed their cooperation with the PDD following their election as president of Serbia in April 2017, and in June 2017 Hasani supported Vučić's nomination of Ana Brnabić to become Serbia's new prime minister. They announced the PDD's withdrawal of support for the Serbian government in September 2017, however, after Serbia dissolved the elected municipal assembly in Preševo. They added that the PDD could resume its support should the government change its position, though they noted that the party had not actually received anything in return for its previous support.
Hasani has stated that the vast majority of ethnic Albanians in the Preševo Valley would favour joining Kosovo via a territorial exchange with ethnic Serbian communities in the disputed province. They have acknowledged that any such exchange would require the support of the international community, and others in the region have rejected the idea as impracticable.
The PDD served in a parliamentary grouping with the Alliance of Vojvodina Hungarians until 2019, and Hasani was the group's deputy leader. In December 2019, they left this alliance to join a parliamentary group of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), the League of Social Democrats of Vojvodina (LSV), and the Party of Democratic Action of Sandžak (SDA). (The LSV subsequently withdrew from this group.) They were also a member of the parliamentary committee on education, science, technological development, and the information society; a deputy member of the committee on human and minority rights and gender equality; and a member of the parliamentary friendship group with Turkey.
They did not seek re-election in the 2020 Serbian parliamentary election.
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Bujanovac
Members of the National Assembly (Serbia)
Albanians in Serbia
Party for Democratic Action politicians
Nathalie Ronvaux (born 1977) is a Luxembourg poet and playwright who writes in French. For their poetry collection Vignes et louves (Vines and She-wolves) they received the Servais Encouragement Prize in 2011. In 2013 they won first prize in Luxembourg's National Literary Contest for their play La Vérité m'appartient (The Truth Belongs to Me) which was first performed in January 2016.
Biography
Born on 13 June 1977 in Luxembourg City, Nathalie Ronvaux is the daughter of Belgian parents. After primary school in Bertrange, they attended the Lycée Michel Lucius in Luxembourg and the Institut Sainte-Marie in Arlon. They then spend a year studying forensic science in Lausanne before returning to Luxembourg to work for the Chambre des Métiers (2000–08). They took up work in administrative and production management at the Théâtre des Casemates (2008–09) and as production manager for LuxAnimation (2011–12). After spending four years as an administrative coordinator for CEPA (Centre pour la Propagation de l'Art), they decided to devote their time to creative writing.
In 2010, their play Échographie was staged at the Théâtre du Centaure, contributing to a series on "Femmes et violence". The same year they published their poetry collection Vignes et louves, analysing relationships with other people. La liberté meurt chaque jour au bout d'une corde (2012) is a poetic introduction to an exhibition at the National Resistance Museum in Esch-sur-Alzette. In 2014, Ronvaux published a collection of theatrical works including the play La Vérité m'appartient which presents a confrontation between two women who accuse each other of collaborating with the Nazis during the Second World War. After winning first prize at the National Literary Contest, the play was staged in 2016. In 2017, Nathalie Ronvaux was one of ten writers selected for "New Voices from Europe", presenting authors who deserved to be better known.
In addition to their literary awards, in 2015 Ronvaux was named Femme de l'année (Woman of the Year) by the Luxembourg newspaper Le Jeudi.
References
1977 births
Living people
People from Luxembourg City
Luxembourgian women writers
Luxembourgian poets
Luxembourgian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Luxembourgian writers
21st-century Luxembourgian writers
20th-century Luxembourgian women writers
21st-century Luxembourgian women writers
United States v. Bestfoods, 524 U.S. 51 (1998), is a United States corporate law and environmental law case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that the indirect liability of a parent corporation under CERCLA is to be determined by its control over a subsidiary's facility, rather than the relationship between the corporation and subsidiary.
Facts
A chemical manufacturing plant developed a significant pollution problem after many years of operation. The companies in charge of operations at the plant were wholly owned subsidiaries of, first, CPC International Inc. (CPC). Following ownership by CPC, the chemical manufacturing plant was owned by Aerojet- General Corp (Aerojet). In 1981, the Environmental Protection Agency ordered to have the site cleaned up. To reimburse the cleanup, the federal government filed suit under Section 107 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), 42 U.S.C. Section 9607(a)(2). Section 107 grants the federal government permission to seek reimbursement for cleanup costs from "any person who at the time of disposal of any hazardous substance owned or operated any facility."
The question before the court, was whether a parent corporation that exercised control over the operations of a subsidiary be held liable under CERCLA Section 107(a)(2)?
Decision of the Court
Justice Souter delivered the unanimous decision in favor of the United States. The Court found the CERCLA statute definition of "owner or operator" as "any person owning or operating such facility" to be a circular definition in need of clarity. To determine whether Congress intended to include parent corporations when imposing liability on an owner or operator, the Court examined the legislative history of CERCLA, but due to the Act's hurried enactment, there was not much history to interpret. The Court concluded that Congress did not intend CERCLA to displace all of the established principles of corporate law, including the principle that a parent corporation is not usually liable for the acts of its subsidiary, but a corporate parent that actively participated in and exercised control over the operations of the facility may be held directly liable in its own right as an 'operator' of the facility. The Court held that the corporate law principles read into the statute meant that liability will be attached under CERCLA for a parent corporation when the corporate veil can be pierced and when the parent actually participated in the operations of the facility where the release of hazardous substances was made.
Notes
See also
United States corporate law
Unilever, which acquired the Bestfoods Corporation in 2000
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 524
External links
1998 in the environment
1998 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
United States environmental case law
United States corporate case law
Muskegon County, Michigan
The 1944 United States presidential election in Texas took place on November 7, 1944, as part of the 1944 United States presidential election. State voters chose 23 electors to represent the state in the Electoral College, which chose the president and vice president.
Background
As a former Confederate state, Texas had a history of Jim Crow laws, disenfranchisement of its African-American and Mexican-American populations, and single-party Democratic rule outside local governments in a few Unionist German-American counties (chiefly Gillespie and Kendall) of Central Texas. Since 1930 no Republicans had served in either house of the Texas Legislature, and in their two 1930s landslides Franklin D. Roosevelt had won over 87% of Texas' ballots.
Texas' rulers were highly critical of Roosevelt's decision in 1940 to replace conservative Texan John Nance Garner with liberal Northerner Henry A. Wallace on the 1940 Democratic ticket. However, this was insignificant compared to the shock they received when, in March 1944, the landmark case of Smith v. Allwright ruled unconstitutional the white primaries upon which the politics of Texas and most other Southern states were based. The result was that Texas' oil and natural gas industries became powerfully opposed to the re-nomination of President Roosevelt, and called for the reversal of New Deal policies alongside the "return of states' rights" and "restoration of white supremacy".
At first these anti-New Deal Democrats attempted to take over the state Democratic organization, send anti-Roosevelt delegates to the national convention and prevent the seating of Negro delegates to that convention. When this failed and FDR loyalists maintained control of the state Democratic delegation, the anti-New Deal groups formed the "Texas Regulars" led by Merritt Gibson, who would later join Strom Thurmond's Dixiecrat movement.
Although their electors were not pledged to any candidate, the Regulars were able to gain access to the ballot in September. Support from Governor Pappy O'Daniel, however, failed to obscure that the Regulars' support was largely confined to affluent urban areas and a few traditional plantation districts, plus the fact that some of their support came from the state's small traditional Republican presidential vote. Consequently, Texas again voted overwhelming for incumbent President Roosevelt and their new running mate, Missouri Senator Harry S. Truman. Washington County nonetheless gave the Regulars 52 percent of its ballots and thus became the first county in the nation to go for a third party since Bob La Follette in 1924 won over 16% of the national vote and over a sixth of the nation's counties, This is the most recent election where an incumbent Democratic President won reelection while carrying the state.
Results
Results by county
See also
United States presidential elections in Texas
Notes
References
Texas
1944
1944 Texas elections
The Lover is a fiction film produced and directed by Mahmoud Shoolizadeh, that has participated in several international film festivals in 2016 and 2017. The film was mainly shot in St. Mary's, Georgia, and was screened at locations such as the historic Theater by the Trax in St Mary's Georgia, and the historic Sun Ray Cinema in Jacksonville Florida. Several news articles and online magazines describe the film's shooting and international film festival participation around the world.
Plot
"An old lover gentleman, Joe, goes to great lengths to set up their perfect wedding anniversary, but their plan is botched when their car won't start. Stranded and in a frenzy about ruining their special day, they reluctantly take a ride from a good Samaritan, Bob who turns out to be an undercover police officer. Along the way, Joe portrays signs of anxiety and even confusion to the point that when Bob drops them off, he's a bit concerned. Joe enjoys the day with their lover, until our good Samaritan shows up at the door. Bob has had their car fixed and towed to the house as a gesture of kindness but Bob's the last one Joe wants to see at their door. What are they hiding? Bob is truly concerned, but their concern could turn Joe's whole life upside down!"
International Film Festival Participations
Waco Family & Faith International Film Festival, Waco, Texas, USA, February 2020
Lifft India Filmotsav World Cine Fest, Malavli Pune, India, December 2019
Helsinki Education Film Festival International, Helsinki, Finland, September 2019
Forwardian International Film Festival, Stroudburg, Pennsylvania, USA, September 2019
Branson International Film Festival, Branson, Missouri, USA, April 2019
Indie Best Film Festival, Santa Monica, California, USA, July 2018
San Benedetto Film Fest, San Benedetto, Italy, July 2018
San Mauro Film Festival, Turin, Italy, May 2018
International Short Film Festival Kalmthout Belgium, Belgium, October 2017
Kill Jim International Film Festival, Siracusa, Italy, July 2017
Five Continents International Film Festival, Puerto La Cruz, Venezuela, July 2017
Coastal Georgia Film Festival, St. Mary, GA, USA, June 2017
Barcelona Planet Film Festival, Barcelona, Spain, May 2017
Red Corner International Film Festival, Borgholm, Sweden, July 2017
Phoenix International Film Festival Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia, March 2017
UK Screen One International Film Festival, Leicester & Nottingham, United Kingdom, March 2017
Cosmic Film Festival, City Walk, Orlando, Florida, USA, February 2017
Los Angeles CineFest International Film Festival, Santa Monica, CA, USA, January 2017
Mediterranean Film Festival (MedFF), in Sicily, Italy, 2017
14th Central Michigan International Film Festival 2017, Michigan, USA, February 2017
17th Woodstock Museum International Film Festival, Woodstock, NY, USA, Sep 2016
15th Broadway International Film Festival, LA, USA., Aug 2016
Feel the Reel International Film Festival, Glasgow, United Kingdom, Sep 2016
17th Woodstock Museum International Film Festival, in Woodstock, NY, USA, Sep 2016
IndieWise Virtual International Film Festival, Miami, Florida, USA, Sept 2016
Indigo Moon International Film Festival, Fayetteville, NC, USA, Oct 7-9, 2016
Davis International Film Festival, Davice, California, USA, October 2016
10th El Ojo Cojo International Film Festival, Madrid, Spain, November 2016
Tampa Bay Underground Film Festival, Tampa, Florida, USA, December 2016
Awards and Nominees
Award Winner of the Best Lead Actor (Jerry Wisner) at the "Branson International Film Festival", Branson, Missouri, USA, 2019
Semi-Finalist for the Best Short Fiction Film (Mahmoud Shoolizadeh) at the "Liffet India Filmotsav World Cine Fest", Malavli Pune, India, December 2019
Nominee for the Best Short Fiction Film (Mahmoud Shoolizadeh) at the "Branson International Film Festival", Branson, Missourie, USA, April 2019
Nominee for the Best Lead Actor as the Joe (Jerry Wisner) at the "Branson International Film Festival", Branson, Missourie, USA, April 2019
Nominee for the Best Lead Actress as the Melody (Stevie Conway) at the "Branson International Film Festival", Branson, Missourie, USA, April 2019
Nominee for the Best Feature Film at the San Benedetto Film Festival, San Benedetto, Italy, July 2018
Nominee for the Best Feature Film at the San Mauro Film Festival, Turin, Italy, May 2018
Award for the Best Fiction Film at the Kill Jim International Film Festival, Siracusa, Italy, July 2017
Finalist for the Best Fiction Film at the Davis International Film Festival, Los Angeles, California, USA, Oct 2016
Award for the Best Fiction Half-Length Film at the Five Continents International Film Festival, Puerto La Cruz, Venezuela, June 2017.
Award for the Best Story at the Red Corner Film Festival, Sweden, June 2017
Award for the Best Poster at the Five Continents International Film Festival, Puerto La Cruz, Venezuela, June 2017
Nominee for the Best Fiction film (Mahmoud Shoolizadeh) at the "Grand IndieWise Convention International Film Festival", Miami, Florida, USA, Sept 2016
Nominee for Best Narrative Feature Film at the Barcelona Planet Film Festival, Barcelona, Spain, May 2017
References
External links
Official Festivals and Awards section of the Film's website: http://www.shoolizadeh.com/the-lover-festivals-awards
2016 films
2010s English-language films
This is a list of electoral districts or ridings in Canada for the Canadian federal elections of 1935, 1940 and 1945.
Electoral Districts are constituencies that elect Members of Parliament in Canada's House of Commons every election.
Nova Scotia – 12 seats
Antigonish—Guysborough
Cape Breton North and Victoria
Cape Breton South
Colchester—Hants
Cumberland
Digby—Annapolis—Kings
Halifax*
Inverness—Richmond
Pictou
Queens—Lunenburg
Shelburne—Yarmouth—Clare
Prince Edward Island – 4 seats
King's
Prince
Queen's*
New Brunswick – 10 seats
Charlotte
Gloucester
Kent
Northumberland
Restigouche—Madawaska
Royal
St. John—Albert
Victoria—Carleton
Westmorland
York—Sunbury
Quebec – 65 seats
Argenteuil
Beauce
Beauharnois—Laprairie
Bellechasse
Berthier—Maskinongé
Bonaventure
Brome—Missisquoi
Cartier
Chambly—Rouville
Champlain
Chapleau
Charlevoix—Saguenay
Châteauguay—Huntingdon
Chicoutimi
Compton
Dorchester
Drummond—Arthabaska
Gaspé
Hochelaga
Hull
Jacques Cartier
Joliette—L'Assomption—Montcalm
Kamouraska
Labelle
Lake St-John—Roberval
Laurier
Laval—Two Mountains
Lévis
Lotbinière
Maisonneuve—Rosemont
Matapédia—Matane
Mégantic—Frontenac
Mercier
Montmagny—L'Islet
Mount Royal
Nicolet—Yamaska
Outremont
Pontiac
Portneuf
Quebec East
Quebec South
Quebec West and South
Québec—Montmorency
Richelieu—Verchères
Richmond—Wolfe
Rimouski
Shefford
Sherbrooke
St-Maurice—Laflèche
St. Ann
St. Antoine—Westmount
St. Denis
St. Henri
St. Hyacinthe—Bagot
St. James
St. Johns—Iberville—Napierville
St. Lawrence—St. George
St. Mary
Stanstead
Témiscouata
Terrebonne
Three Rivers
Vaudreuil—Soulanges
Verdun
Wright
Ontario – 82 seats
Algoma East
Algoma West
Brant
Brantford City
Broadview
Bruce
Carleton
Cochrane
Danforth
Davenport
Dufferin—Simcoe
Durham
Eglinton
Elgin
Essex East
Essex South
Essex West
Fort William
Frontenac—Addington
Glengarry
Greenwood
Grenville—Dundas
Grey North
Grey—Bruce
Haldimand
Halton
Hamilton East
Hamilton West
Hastings South
Hastings—Peterborough
High Park
Huron North
Huron—Perth
Kenora—Rainy River
Kent
Kingston City
Lambton West
Lambton—Kent
Lanark
Leeds
Lincoln
London
Middlesex East
Middlesex West
Muskoka—Ontario
Nipissing
Norfolk
Northumberland
Ontario
Ottawa East
Ottawa West
Oxford
Parkdale
Parry Sound
Peel
Perth
Peterborough West
Port Arthur
Prescott
Prince Edward—Lennox
Renfrew North
Renfrew South
Rosedale
Russell
Simcoe East
Simcoe North
Spadina
St. Paul's
Stormont
Timiskaming
Trinity
Victoria
Waterloo North
Waterloo South
Welland
Wellington North
Wellington South
Wentworth
York East
York North
York South
York West
Manitoba – 17 seats
Brandon
Churchill
Dauphin
Lisgar
Macdonald
Marquette
Neepawa
Portage la Prairie
Provencher
Selkirk
Souris
Springfield
St. Boniface
Winnipeg North
Winnipeg North Centre
Winnipeg South
Winnipeg South Centre
Saskatchewan – 21 seats
Assiniboia
Humboldt
Kindersley
Lake Centre
Mackenzie
Maple Creek
Melfort
Melville
Moose Jaw
North Battleford
Prince Albert
Qu'Appelle
Regina City
Rosetown—Biggar
Rosthern
Saskatoon City
Swift Current
The Battlefords
Weyburn
Wood Mountain
Yorkton
Alberta – 17 seats
Acadia
Athabaska
Battle River
Bow River
Calgary East
Calgary West
Camrose
Edmonton East
Edmonton West
Jasper—Edson
Lethbridge
Macleod
Medicine Hat
Peace River
Red Deer
Vegreville
Wetaskiwin
British Columbia – 16 seats
Cariboo
Comox—Alberni
Fraser Valley
Kamloops
Kootenay East
Kootenay West
Nanaimo
New Westminster
Skeena
Vancouver Centre
Vancouver East
Vancouver North
Vancouver South
Vancouver—Burrard
Victoria
Yale
Yukon – 1 seat
Yukon
*returned two members
1933-1947
Liotella anxia is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Skeneidae.
Description
(Original description by Ch. Hedley) The height of the shell attains 0.7 mm, its diameter 1.1 mm. The minute, depressed, pale buff shell has a turbinate shape and is widely umbilicate. The three whorls increase rapidly in size and are loosely coiled. The final half-whorl descends and departs from the remainder. The sculpture shows fine radial threads that traverse the whole shell. There are about sixty of these on the body whorl. Their interstices are closely latticed by rather finer spirals. The simple aperture is free and circular. The broad umbilicus is deep.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to Australia and occurs off Queensland.
References
anxia
Gastropods of Australia
Gastropods described in 1909
Wanseko, is a settlement in Western Uganda.
Location
Wanseko is located on the eastern shores of Lake Albert, in Buliisa District. It lies approximately , by road, north of the district headquarters at Buliisa. This is about , by road, north of Hoima, the nearest large city. Wanseko is approximately , by road, northwest of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city. The settlement lies at the mouth of the Victoria Nile, at it enters Lake Albert. The coordinates of Wanseko are:2°10'40.0"N, 31°22'50.0"E (Latitude:2.177778; Longitude:31.380556).
Overview
Wanseko lies within Bugungu Wildlife Reserve. It offers opportunity to view various species of exotic bird species. It also supports a small fishing community. The settlement is the northern end of the Hoima–Butiaba–Wanseko Road. A government-funded transportation ferry crosses the mouth of the river from Wanseko in Buliisa District to Panyimur in Nebbi District, twice daily, six days a week, Mondays through Saturdays.
See also
References
External links
Populated places in Uganda
Cities in the Great Rift Valley
Buliisa District
Bunyoro sub-region
Western Region, Uganda
Kooddoo or Koodoo (Dhivehi: ކޫއްޑޫ އެއަރޕޯޓް) is one of the inhabited islands of Gaafu Alif Atoll, in the Maldives.
It is located on the Northeastern rim of Huvadu Atoll. It holds the Kooddoo Airport. Northern Huvadhu Atoll or Gaafu Alifu is an administrative division created on February 8, 1962, when Huvadhu Atoll was divided into two districts.
The island holds a canning factory, icing factory, some restaurants, gas station, and it sits on the causeway that links it to Vilingili and Raaverrehaa islands.
Populated places in the Maldives
Islands of the Maldives
Virginie Vandamme (born October 19, 1966 in Arras, Pas-de-Calais) is a French sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. They were eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 500 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1966 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Arras
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
French female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of France
Mark Singer is an American doctor who is best known for inventing, with speech pathologist Eric Blom, while working at Methodist Hospital, Indianapolis, a type of voice prosthesis that allows victims of laryngeal cancer (cancer of the larynx) to talk.
References
American oncologists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Miran Györek (13 April 1952 – 23 November 2021) was a Slovenian politician. A member of the Slovenian National Party, they served in the National Assembly from 2008 to 2011.
References
1952 births
2021 deaths
Members of the National Assembly (Slovenia)
Slovenian National Party politicians
People from Murska Sobota
La Civil is a 2021 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Teodora Mihai. In June 2021, the film was selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival. At Cannes, it won the Prize of Courage in the Un Certain Regard section.
Cast
Arcelia Ramírez
Álvaro Guerrero
Juan Daniel García Treviño
Jorge A. Jimenez
References
External links
2021 films
2021 drama films
Belgian drama films
Mexican drama films
Romanian drama films
2020s Spanish-language films
Ajike Ogunoye was a paramount ruler of Owo Kingdom, Ondo state, southwestern Nigeria who reigned between 1938 and 1941. They were the son of Olagbegi Atanneye I and immediate brother of Olowo Ajaka.
References
Yoruba monarchs
Nigerian traditional rulers
People from Owo
Olagbegi family
William Macbride Childs (1869–1939) was an English academic administrator and historian, who was involved in the foundation of the University of Reading and who served briefly as its first vice-chancellor.
Biography
Childs was born, on 3 January 1869, in the village of Carrington, situated some north of Boston in Lincolnshire. They were the son of the Revd William Linington Childs, vicar of Carrington, and their second wife, Henrietta Fowles Bell. They had no brothers or sisters, but had a half-brother and two half-sisters by their father's first marriage. They attended Portsmouth Grammar School and graduated from Keble College of the University of Oxford in 1891.
In 1892 Childs served briefly as a secretary to Sir Arthur Dyke Acland, who at the time was Vice-President of the Committee on Education, the cabinet post that then supervised education in the United Kingdom. In 1893 they became a lecturer in history at the University College in Reading, being promoted to vice-principal in 1900.
In 1903 Childs succeeded Halford Mackinder as principal of the college. They made it their aim to turn the college into a University, working to this end by attracting students from a distance with hostels and, eventually, halls of residence. They also raised funds from prominent local residents, including George William Palmer and Alfred Palmer, both proprietors of Huntley & Palmers, and Harriet Loyd-Lindsay, wife of Robert, 1st Baron Wantage. Their first application for a charter, in 1920, was turned down, but a second application, in 1925, succeeded. In 1926, when the University of Reading officially received that charter, Childs became the first vice-chancellor, being born aloft by their students and carried around the grounds.
Childs retired at the age of 60, in 1929. They died on 21 June 1939 at their home at Hermitage in Berkshire. Childs Hall, a hall of residence on the University of Reading's Whiteknights Park campus, is named in honour of William Macbride Childs.
References
External links
List of documents relating to William Macbride Childs held by the University of Reading
1869 births
1939 deaths
Academics of the University of Reading
Alumni of Keble College, Oxford
British historians
People educated at Portsmouth Grammar School
People from Reading, Berkshire
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Reading
Moradlu () may refer to various places in Iran:
Moradlu, Bileh Savar, Ardabil Province
Moradlu, Meshgin Shahr, Ardabil Province
Moradlu, Ahar, East Azerbaijan Province
Moradlu, Khoda Afarin, East Azerbaijan Province
Moradlu-ye Olya, West Azerbaijan Province
Moradlu-ye Sofla, West Azerbaijan Province
Moradlu-ye Vosta, West Azerbaijan Province
Moradlu District, in Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province
Huan Wen's Northern Expeditions were a series of expeditions launched by the Jin dynasty general Huan Wen and aimed at attempting to reclaim Jin's territory north of the Huai River. Due to the lack of support from the Jin court, the expeditions were unsuccessful.
Background
During the first half of the 4th century, the Jin dynasty gradually lost control over its northern territories to the so-called 'Five Barbarians' in a period that would come to know as the Sixteen Kingdoms period. Jin moved its capital south to Jiankang in 318, and by 330, northern China was effectively unified by Shi Le's Later Zhao.
Before 330, Jin in the south was held back by numerous threatening rebellions which they ultimately put down. After 330, the aftermath of said rebellions and Zhao's supremacy over the north dissuaded many from supporting further military conflicts and instead settle for a north and south divide for the time being. Nonetheless, expeditions to the north were attempted before and after Zhao's unification, namely by Zu Ti (313-321), Yu Liang (339) and Yu Yi (343-344), but these had little support and failed in the end.
Genuine interest in recapturing the north sparked in 349 when Later Zhao finally fell into civil war among its princes after the death of its third monarch, Shi Hu. That year, the Jin general, Chu Pou, was first to take advantage of the situation, beginning a series of northern expeditions that continued into the late 350s. However, Chu Pou was badly defeated at Dai Slope (代陂, east of present-day Tengzhou, Shandong), and soon died in shame.
Huan Wen was a subordinate and friend of the general, Yu Yi. Following the death of Yu Yi in 345, Huan Wen took over Yi's military command over Jingzhou with the help of the key minister, They Chong. Between 346 and 347, Huan Wen conquered the state of Cheng Han and helped Jin recover the lost territories of Yizhou and Liangzhou. The defeat of Cheng Han elevated Huan Wen to high prestige and influence, but it also made the court secretly fearful of them due to their power and ambition. To counter Huan's influence, the court propped up another general named Yin Hao.
After Chu Pou's death, Yin Hao was given the responsibility to carry out the northern expeditions. Between 352 and 353, Yin Hao led two northern expeditions, both of which failed. In the second campaign in 353, Yin Hao's hostility towards their contemporary, Yao Xiang, led to Yao breaking away from Jin, killing more than 10,000 Jin soldiers and seizing much of Jin's supplies in the process. This embarrassing loss allowed Huan Wen to persuade the court into dismissing Yin Hao, leaving Huan Wen the sole power over the Jin military. With the expeditions under their control, Huan Wen sought to conquer the north and at the same time use them as a means to realize their political ambitions.
Expeditions
1st expedition
During the first expedition (354), Jin forces moved up the river to engage the army of Former Qin. Jin forces won a decisive victory at Lantian and defeated a Qin army of over 50,000 soldiers, reaching Chang'an. However, due to lack of food, the Jin army was forced to retreat, leaving the area under enemy control. Over 10,000 Jin soldiers died in the retreat.
2nd expedition
Huan Wen headed north again in 356 with the hopes of capturing Luoyang. At the time, Luoyang was held by a Jin general turned rebel named Zhou Cheng (周成). Coincidentally, Zhou Cheng was attacked by Yao Xiang, who was leading a roving army under the vassalage of Former Yan. When Huan Wen reached Luoyang, they battled Yao Xiang along the Yi River and was victorious. Yao Xiang fled with their army while Zhou Cheng surrendered Luoyang and themselves to Huan Wen.
3rd expedition
Jin launched a major campaign against Former Yan in 369. The Jin forces defeated Yan forces and reached Fangtou, causing panic in the Yan court. However, the Former Yan general Murong Chui led 50,000 troops and stopped the Jin advance at the Yellow River. Meanwhile, Xianbei cavalry cut off the Jin supply lines and forced them to retreat. During the retreat, Murong Chui led an army to pursue the Jin forces and over 30,000 Jin soldiers were killed in the resulting battle.
Aftermath
Huan Wen left the north humiliated by their greatest defeat at Fangtou. Dissatisfied, Huan Wen made one last attempt at seizing power by forcing Emperor Fei to abdicate through slander in 371. They were successful at first, replacing the emperor with Sima Yu (Emperor Jianwen of Jin) but the efforts of Xie An and Wang Tanzhi stopped them from furthering their ambitions. Huan Wen died in 373, never becoming emperor.
Huan Wen was succeeded by their brother Huan Chong, and their family would remain influential up until the fall of their short-lived state of Huan Chu in 404. Due to the failure of Jin to reclaim the Northern heartlands, Jin forces were soon faced with the gigantic threat of Qin. Jin's conquest of Yan proved beneficial for Qin, as in its weaken state, Qin quickly annexed them in 370. With Jin not capable of carrying out another expedition, the 370s was a period which saw rapid progress in Qin's conquest, a growth that was only stopped in 383 at the Battle of Fei River.
References
Sources
Book of Jin
Li, Bo; Zheng Yin (Chinese) (2001) 5000 years of Chinese history, Inner Mongolian People's publishing corp, ,
External links
Jin dynasty (266–420)
Daniel Fernandes may refer to:
Daniel Fernandes (judoka) (born 1973), French Olympic judoka
Daniel Fernandes (footballer) (born 1983), Canadian-born Portuguese footballer
Daniel Heuer Fernandes (born 1992), German-born Portuguese footballer
Daniel Fernandes (comedian), Mumbai comedian
Daniel Fernandes (motorcycle racer) (born 1992), Portuguese motorcycle racer
See also
Daniel Fernandez (disambiguation)
Danny Fernandes, Canadian singer of Portuguese descent
Sanderson High School is a non-denominational secondary school in East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire, Scotland for pupils with additional support needs. The school was established in June 1994 after the merger of Springhall School and Dalton School. The new school buildings were opened officially on 5 February 2009 (though by then had already been in use for some months) as part of South Lanarkshire Council's Schools' Modernisation Programme. It is the smallest high school in East Kilbride and shares a campus with Calderglen High School.
References
External links
Friends of Sanderson
Secondary schools in South Lanarkshire
Buildings and structures in East Kilbride
1994 establishments in Scotland
Educational institutions established in 1994
School buildings completed in 2008
Special schools in Scotland
"Get It Off" is a song by American recording artist Monica. It was written by rapper Missy Elliott, Craig Brockman, and Herbert Jordan, and produced by the former along with DJ Scratchator and Brockman for Monica's fourth studio album, After the Storm (2003). The song is built around a sample of "Set It Off" (1984) by American electro and old school hip hop group Strafe. Due to the inclusion of the sample, Steve Standard is also credited as a songwriter. The uptempo also features guest vocals by rapper Dirtbag.
The song was released as the album's second single on a double A-side single with "Knock Knock", also produced by Elliott. While "Get It Off" failed to chart within the US Billboard Hot 100, It's That Kid Chris Remix, produced by Chris Staropoli, peaked at number 13 on the component Dance Club Songs chart. A portion of "Get It Off" was incorporated as a dance break into the music video for "Knock Knock", filmed by director Chris Robinson in Miami, Florida on in mid-late July 2003.
Track listings
Notes
denotes co-producer(s)
denotes additional producer(s)
Sample credits
"Get It Off" contains a sample from the composition "Set It Off" (1985) by Strafe.
"Knock Knock" contains excerpts from the composition "It's a Terrible Thing to Waste Your Love" (1976) by The Masqueraders.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of After the Storm.
Marcella Araica – audio engineering
Monica Arnold – lead vocals, background vocals
Carlos Bedoya – recording
Tom Coyne – mastering
Missy Elliott – production, additional vocals
Scott Kieklak – mixing
Charts
References
External links
Monica.com — official Monica site
Monica music videos — watch "Knock Knock/Get it Off" at LAUNCHcast
2003 singles
Monica (singer) songs
Songs written by Missy Elliott
Songs written by Craig Brockman
2003 songs
J Records singles
Dance-pop songs
OneNYC is the official strategic plan of New York City for development based on "principles of growth, equity, sustainability, and resiliency." It was released in April 2015 as the successor document to PlaNYC and has been followed by yearly progress reports.
See also
Climate change in New York City
Environmental issues in New York City
Urban planning
References
External links
OneNYC Progress Report 2018
Environment of the United States
Health campaigns
Government of New York City
Urban planning in New York City
"Memo from Turner" is a solo single by Mick Jagger, featuring slide guitar by Ry Cooder, from the soundtrack of Performance, in which Jagger played the leading role of Turner, a reclusive rock star. It was re-released in October 2007 on a 17-song retrospective compilation album The Very Best of Mick Jagger, making a re-appearance as a Jagger solo effort. After its original release in 1970, it was included on Rolling Stones compilations, such as Singles Collection: The London Years as a track credited to the Jagger/Richards songwriting partnership. "Memo from Turner" was ranked No. 92 in the 100 Greatest Guitar Songs list of Rolling Stone.
Music critic Robert Christgau has said, "Jagger's version of Jagger–Richard's scabrous, persona-twisted "Memo From Turner" is their envoi to the 60s."
Versions
Three versions of "Memo from Turner" have been released, and another "Alternative Take" version is available on bootleg recordings.
The first version, which is not officially released, is a slow, brooding version recorded by members of the band Traffic. It features Steve Winwood on all instruments except drums, which are played by Jim Capaldi. The second version, released on Metamorphosis in 1975 on the Allen Klein Decca/London pre-existing legacy contracts of the Stones 1960s recordings, was a different version recorded by The Rolling Stones in November 1968, and has a looser feel than the released version. This version supposedly features Al Kooper on guitar, and perhaps Keith Richards as well. Either Charlie Watts or Capaldi plays drums on this recording. Credited to "Jagger/Richards", it is not clear how many of the Rolling Stones besides Jagger actually played on it.
The third version of the song, typified by its slide guitar, was the one recorded for the soundtrack to the film Performance, starring Mick Jagger as the song title's "Turner". It is featured prominently in the movie, with Mick Jagger, as Turner, lip-synching it. This is the more well-known version of the song, as it was released as a solo single by Jagger in England in 1970 and is featured on the later Singles Collection: The London Years. This track was recorded in Los Angeles in early 1970, and uses the vocal track of the first, slow version. The tape of Jagger's vocals was sent to Jack Nitzsche, where all music parts were recorded by Ry Cooder on slide guitar, Russ Titelman (guitar), Randy Newman (piano), Jerry Scheff (bass) and Gene Parsons (drums).
Besides the differing lineup between the two released versions, there are also slight changes to the lyrics. The track was reviewed as Jagger:
...puts on their best drawling speak-sing voice for the lyrics, spinning bizarre mini-snapshots of decadent, cruel gangster behavior... The music isn't grim, though; it's more in a sly, ironic happy-go-lucky vein, as if to illustrate the callous, carefree glee gangsters take in such antics. It's not a celebration of the gangster mentality, though, so much as a subtle, mocking look at its decadence, with hints of repressed homosexuality and almost gruesome imagery of dog-eat-dog behavior.
The lyric about "the man who works the soft machine" may be a reference to the William S. Burroughs novel The Soft Machine. Burroughs and writer Robert Palmer assume this connection in a 1972 Rolling Stone magazine interview, and strong Burroughsian themes are contained in the film.
Ronnie Wood performed "Memo from Turner" live at various club gigs in 1987–88, including some of their shows with Bo Diddley.
Martin Scorsese used the track—the solo version by Mick Jagger, incorrectly credited as the Rolling Stones version—in a scene from Goodfellas where Ray Liotta's character Henry Hill is driving to the hospital to pick up their brother after unsuccessfully trying to sell some pistol silencers to Jimmy Conway.
Cover versions
Dramarama covered the song on their 1991 album Vinyl. British band Diesel Park West covered the song on their outtakes album Flipped. Deborah Harry performed this song on several shows from their 'Debravation tour' (1993-1994). A softer cover was performed by Patty Palladin just before & during the credits of "Donald Cammell: The Ultimate Performance" (Kevin Macdonald, Chris Rodley, 1998). This was a documentary about Donald Cammell, who directed Performance (1970), which starred Mick Jagger (among others).
References
External links
"Memo from Turner" at Discogs (list of recordings)
The Rolling Stones songs
LGBT-related songs
Songs about BDSM
Mick Jagger songs
Decca Records singles
1968 songs
1970 singles
Songs written by Jagger–Richards
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Miller
Song recordings produced by Jack Nitzsche
The Allison Bus Series are medium and heavy-duty automatic transmissions for transit buses and highway motorcoaches designed and manufactured by Allison Transmission. Each of the six models in the Bus Series is available in 5 or 6 speeds with an integral hydraulic retarder as an option.
History
In 2015, Allison introduced a new model in the Bus Series. Part of the xFE (extra fuel economy) line, the B3400xFE incorporates optimized gear ratios and features the FuelSense® Max electronic control package. New gear ratios also allow the torque converter to lock up at lower speeds. The xFE transmissions boast an up to seven percent improvement in fuel economy over baseline models.
, the majority of the 5,700 buses operated by the New York City Transit Authority are equipped with Allison B400 or B500 transmissions.
Models
Allison markets its transmissions by vocational series according to the intended use; for example, the Tractor Series is sold for and installed in Class 8 tractors, while the Motorhome Series is marketed to manufacturers of recreational vehicles. A transmission is given a designation specific to the vocational series, but is otherwise identical mechanically to other transmissions sold for other vocational series; for example, the Bus Series B210 / B220 / B295 transmissions are also sold with identical gearing as:
1000HS (Highway Series)
1000MH (Motorhome Series)
1000EVS (Emergency Vehicle Series)
1000RDS (Rugged Duty Series)
1000PTS (Pupil Transport/Shuttle Series)
1000SP (Specialty Series)
1350HS/MH/EVS/RDS/PTS/SP
2100HS/MH/EVS/RDS/PTS/SP
2200HS/MH/EVS/RDS/PTS/SP
2350HS/MH/EVS/RDS/PTS/SP
Collectively, these are grouped into the 1000/2000 Series transmission family; transmissions within a family share the same basic dimensions, power input capabilities, and weight. Allison transmission families for the Bus Series include the 1000/2000 Series (B210, B220, B295), 3000 Series (B300 / B400), and 4000 Series (B500).
Within North America, Bus Series transmissions carry a "B" prefix to distinguish them from other vocational series transmissions manufactured by Allison. Outside of North America, the equivalent transmissions are designated with a "T" prefix, e.g., T3280 xFE, T3325 xFE, and T3375 xFE.
References
Automobile transmissions
The R326 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in County Roscommon.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Roscommon
The green oropendola (Psarocolius viridis) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae. It is found in wooded habitats in the Amazon basin and Guianas of South America, and is generally common. Uniquely among the oropendolas, the green oropendola has a pale bill with an orange tip. Male oropendola weigh around 400 grams, while females are in the 200 gram range. This is a common species and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its status as being of "least concern".
Description
The male green oropendola grows to a length of about and the female about . The head, breast and back are pale olive green, the wings are greyish-green, and the rump and underparts are chestnut. The central feathers of the tail are black and the outer ones yellow. The beak has an orange tip, and its base and the adjoining areas of skin are yellowish. The irises are pale blue and there is an inconspicuous crest on the back of the head.
Distribution
P. viridis has a very wide distribution in the tropical rainforests of South America. Its range includes Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana, Surinam, French Guiana, Brazil, Ecuador, Bolivia and Peru.
Ecology
This bird usually moves through the forest canopy in mixed species flocks. It is an omnivore, foraging for fruits and insects among the leaves and branches. By consuming whole fruits, it acts as a seed disperser. It is one of several birds that follow small groups of red-throated caracara (Ibycter americanus) through the canopy. The caracaras are specialist predators of wasp nests, and the oropendolas have been observed following the group for several hours, feeding independently and not necessarily at the same level in the canopy nor on the same items of diet.
Green oropendolas are gregarious, colonial birds and build long, bag-shaped nests that dangle from the branches of a tree. The birds are polygamous. The nests of green oropendolas are sometimes parasitised by the giant cowbird (Molothrus oryzivorus) which lays its eggs in their nests.
References
green oropendola
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
green oropendola
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Carlos Carrillo Parodi, medical microbiologist, professor and founder of the University Cayetano Heredia, was National Coordinator of the Global Programme of eradication of smallpox in Peru in 1972, founding member of the Society of Infectious Diseases in 1978, and Head of the National Institute of Health in two periods. In 1992 they were National Coordinator of the programme for the eradication of cholera in Peru.
Recognized as an expert in National Public Health and Climate Change in 1999/2001.
In 2003, is incorporated as Academic number by the National Academy of Medicine, with more than 70 publications in national and international journals. Credited with the IDSA's Award Kass (Infectious Diseases Society of Americas) in 2004, in Boston and appointed Member of the Consultative Council of the Foundation Institute Hipolito Unanue in 2006.
Propulsor of the National Network of Reference Laboratories in Public Health.
Awards and distinctions
“Protector in behalf of the Nicaragua's population” Certify (Nov. 23, 1991) Signed by Lic. Arnoldo Alleman, Mayor of Managua Presented to C. Carrillo-Parodi, for leadership & contribution to the establishment of a national strategy program for the Prevention of Cholera Epidemic in Nicaragua (November, 11 thr. 25, 91)
2000 Hipólito Unanue Foundation Award for Research in Medical Sciences. February, 2000, Lima, Perú. “Serological Markers for Viral Hepatitis Virus B after vaccination among natives from Huanta-Perú, 1994-7”
1998 Concytec Org. Award “Genetic Polimorfism Profile of the Yellow Fever Virus from Perú” 1998. Carlos Carrillo-Parodi, Isabel Montoya, María García. Final Report April 2000
1998 Concytec Org. Award “Gen Polymorphism Profile of the Dengue Virus Proteín among several Peruvian serotypes” . 1998. Isabel Montoya, Susan Douglas, C. Carrillo-Parodi., Final Report, October 2000
IDSA´s 2004 Kass Award. Dres. Karen J. Vigil, Javier Adachi, Herbert L. Dupont, C. Carrillo-Parodi.. “Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli (EPEC) as a cause of Diarrhea in Adult Peruvians in Lima, Perú, 2000-2004” Boston, Mass. September 30 – October 3, 2004
Member of the Forty Year Membership Club. Presented to C. Carrillo-Parodi. In appreciation for loyal support and dedicated service to the Society, and in recognition of contributions to Science. Signed by James Tiedje, President, ASM, June 17, 2005.
Member of the Consultant Board of the Hipólito Unanue Institute, Foundation. Diploma presented by the President of the Foundation Agustín Iza Stoll. September 19, 2006.
Professional experience in the Public Health Ministry
1961 Assistant, Vaccines & Biological Products' División, Instituto Nacional de Salud, Perú.
1964 Head, Vaccine Production Unit, Biological Products Division, National Institute of Health, Perú.
1965/1970 Head, Smallpox Vaccine Department, National Institute of Health, Perú.
1970/1972 Head, Smallpox Vaccine Division, National Institute of Health, Perú.
1970/1972 National Coordinator, Smallpox Eradication World Program- Perú, PAHO/WHO
1973/1977 National Supervisor, National Committee for the Smallpox Eradication in Perú (NIH-Perú)
1973/1977 National Coordinator, National Intersectorial Program for the Eradication of Brucellosis, Perú. PAHO/WHO
1977/1979 Head, Microbiology Division, Quality Control Center, National Institute of Health, Perú.
1979/1980 Head, Biological Production Division, National Institute of Health, Lima, Perú.
1982/1983 Commissioner, Rationalizacion & Administration Office, Public Health Ministry, Perú.
1985 VAN National Program, Assistant for the Minister of Public Health, Perú.
1985 Supervisor for Sectorial I Program, National Hospital Cayetano Heredia, Ministry of Health, Lima, Perú.
1990/1991 Technical Director, National Institute of Health, Ministry of Health, Lima, Perú.
1990 Representing for the Mr. Minister of Health, II Meeting of Ministers of the Andean Area.
1990/1992 Head, National Institute of Health, Perú. (INS-OPD), Public Health Ministry, Lima, Perú. November 1990 to March 1992
1990 Representing Ministry of Health, October 1990. III Internacional Meeting for HIV´S Laboratory Director from Latin América, Ottawa, Canadá.
1991 National Coordinator for the Peruvian Control & Eradication Program of Cholera in Perú. From February 1991 to April 1992.
1990 Organizer of the International Meeting for Directors of the National Institutes of Health, from Latino América. Lima. Julio 1991.
1990 Organizer of the Internacional Workshop for the Standardization of Cholera Laboratory Diagnosis, National Institute of Health (INS-OPD) July 1991, Lima- Perú
1991/ Representing Ministry of Health, Consultant Council for the Peruvian Project on Primatology “Manuel Moro”, NIH/OPS/OMS, Iquitos, Perú.
1991/1993 Organizer & President, National Cholera´s Laboratory Network 1992, Public Health Ministry of Perú
1993/1994 Minister Assistant, Public Health Ministry of Perú.
1993/ Director, Member of CERPER S.A., Board of Directors, Fishing Ministry, Callao-1994. Perú.
1994/1999 Head, National Institute of Health (INS-OPD), Lima, Perú. April 1994 to March 1999
1995 High Level Member for the Governmental National Commission, to the European Union for Sanitary Certifications Bruselas, Bélgica. June 1995, Restrictions on the importation of Peruvian Seafoods after Cholera Epidemic.
1995 Member of the Board of Directors, III International Meeting for Directors of the National Institutes of Health, from Latin América. OMS/OPS. April-La Paz, Bolivia.
1997 High Level Member for the Gobernmental National Commission, March 1997. to the Ministry of Health of Spain, Madrid, Spain. Sanitary Certifications. Restriction for Peruvian Exportation of Asparragous & Botulism Toxin to Spain.
1999/2001 National Expert in Public Health & Climatic Change (CONAM), Lima, Perú. National Designation.
2003 National Institute for Cancer. Consultant for the Head of the Institute. Since January 2003. Lima, Perú.
Membership in national medical societies
National Academy of Medicine, since August 2003
Colegio Medico del Peru
Asociació Peruana de Microbiologica, founder member, 1961
Asociación Medica Daniel A Carrion, since 1963
Sociedad Peruana de Patolgia, since 1970
Asociación Peruana de Infecciosas y Tropicales, founder member, 1989
Membership in international medical societies
American Society for Microbiology, since 1965
New York Academy of Sciences, since 1978
American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, since 1998
References
Rev Peru Med Exp Salud Publica 2008 25(1)
Historia de la medicina peruana en el siglo XX
Who is who in the world 1999
Top people in Peru
Memory report INS 1994-1999
National Network of Reference Laboratories in Public Health
Science and technology in Peru
Living people
Peruvian microbiologists
Peruvian people of Italian descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Congress of Berat, also known as the Albanian Orthodox Congress, was a meeting held on 13 September 1922, in Berat, Albania among Albanian Orthodox people, which decided the autocephaly of the Church of Albania. According to the decisions of the Congress, religious services could be held in the Albanian language.
History
The initiative for the congress was taken by the mayor of Durrës, , who had the goal to unite the Orthodox Albanians and sent telegrams to the Orthodox circles all over the country. Every district elected two delegates. On 10 September 1922 in the main school of Berat the delegate gathered and presented their credentials. A special committee who verified their credentials was headed by Perikli Kone, secretary Vasil Llapushi and members Vangjel Çamçe, Stathi Kondi and Taq Buda. The following were the delegates:
Korçë - Ikonom Papa Josifi and Dhori Havjari
Pogradec - Father Vasil Marko and Thanas P. Kërxhalli
Bilisht - Father Josif and Anastas Çekrezi
Kolonjë – Oshënar Sofroni and Dhimitër P. Nini
Leskovik – Father Vangjel Çamçe and Thanas Prifti
Berat – Perikli Kona and Dhimitër Tutulani
Fier – Loni Xhoxha and Dhimitër Qilica
Durrës – Visarion Xhuvani and Gjergji Manushi
Përmet – Dr. Kondi and Vasil Kota
Vlorë – Tol Arapi and Jani Serani
Lushnjë – Tun Gjergji and Llazar Bozo
Kavajë – Pal Xhumari and Andrea Ikonomi
Tirana – Papa Simoni and Mark Hobdari
Elbasan – Vasil Llapushi and Simon Shuteriqi
Shpat – Taq Buda and Dhimitër Paparisto
Dibër – Leonidha Nishku and Kostë Paftali
Libohovë – Spiro Kati
The Congress started its work on 11 September 1922 and Josif Qirici proclaimed the autocephaly of the Albanian Church. On 13 September 1922 a statute was approved by the congress. A temporary synod was elected, headed by Vasil Marku. The synod was composed by four clerics and four laypeople, the four clerics being the deputy metropolites of Korçë, Durrës, Berat and Gjirokastër, and the laypeople being Dhosi Havari (Korçë), Simon Shuteriqi (Durrës), Tol Arapi (Berat) and Stathi Kondi (Gjirokastër).
Reaction from the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople
Meletius IV of Constantinople sent a Patriarchal exarch to Albania, Bishop Hierotheos of Miletopolis, who arrived in Korçë on 27 November 1922. On 19 December 1922, they sent a letter to the newly created synod, congratulating them for the initiative and expressing their faith that the Ecumenical Patriarchate will, in due time, recognize the Albanian Orthodox Church. Hierotheoswrote a report for Meletius IV and proposed that an Albanian delegation be invited to Istanbul. The delegation, headed by Vasil Marku, went to Istanbul in March 1923, but could not obtain a promise for full recognition, as Patriarch Meletius IV would give only a partial autonomy, and that would have been contrary to the provisions of the statute. On 23 August 1923 Metropolite Kristofor Kisi volunteered to serve the Albanian Orthodox Church.
References
Literature
Eastern Orthodoxy in Albania
Albanian Orthodox Church
1922 in Albania
1922 conferences
September 1922 events
1922 in Christianity
Governing assemblies of religious organizations
History of Berat
Eastern Orthodox liturgy
Christian liturgical languages
Albanian language
1922
Hilton Chennai is a five-star luxury hotel located on Jawaharlal Nehru Road at Guindy, Chennai, India. It is located next to the Olympia Technology Park and close to the Kathipara Junction. Built in the Indo-Saracenic style with an initial investment of 4,000 million, it is Hilton's fourth Indian property after Hilton (Janakpuri), Hilton Garden Inn (Saket), both in New Delhi, and Hilton Mumbai International Airport. and was inaugurated by Indian Overseas Bank Chairman and Managing Director M. Narendra on 28 February 2011.
The hotel
The 9-storied hotel is built on a 42-ground land and has 204 rooms, including 2 Executive Suites, 16 Junior Suite, 7 Hilton Deluxe Room, 58 Hilton Executive Rooms, 121 Hilton King Guest Rooms. The interiors were designed by Hong Kong's DiLeonardo and Dallas-based Wilson and Associates. There are 5 food and beverage offerings at the hotel namely, Ayna (pan-Indian restaurant), Vintage Bank (wine and cheese bar), Q Bar (a rooftop bar and grill), Vasco (an all-day dining global cuisine restaurant with live kitchens on the third floor) and Est (24 hour contemporary cafe and lounge).
The first floor has divisible 445 m2 ballrooms, two meeting rooms and a boardroom with the latest audio visual technology. The ballroom, named the Hilton Grand Ballroom, with a ceiling height of 5.9 m can hold 750 people.
The rooftop features an outdoor 15-foot by 80-foot (25 m) infinity swimming pool designed in such a way that guests can gaze at the cityscape while swimming laps.
Along with all this, Hilton Chennai also showcases a 24-hour Fitness Center by Precor along with Executive Lounge located at fourth floor.
Architecture
The exterior design of the hotel originally consisted of arches and cornices reminiscent of traditional Indian architecture. The hotel appointed SRSS Architects to redesign the building's exterior envelope. The new design was thus modified to include a palette of polished granite, metal accents, Indian Jali screens, and custom light fixtures featuring Indian motifs. The interior were designed by DiLeonardo Hospitality Design.
See also
Hotels in Chennai
List of the tallest buildings in Chennai
References
External links
Official website
Hotels in Chennai
Skyscraper hotels in Chennai
Hotels established in 2011
Hotel buildings completed in 2011
Chennai
The 1912 Saskatchewan general election was held on July 11, 1912 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan. Premier Walter Scott led the Liberal Party of Saskatchewan to a third term in office with a significant increase in the share of the popular vote. The opposition, now renamed from the Provincial Rights Party to the Conservative Party of Saskatchewan and led by Wellington Bartley Willoughby, lost both votes and seats in the legislature.
Results
Notes:
1 Results compared to those of Provincial Rights Party in 1908 election, which became the Conservative Party.
2 There were 54 seats contested at the 1912 election, however Cumberland was declared void and only 53 people were elected. A by-election was held on September 8, 1913 to fill the vacancy that existed in Cumberland.
Members of the Legislative Assembly elected
For complete electoral history, see individual districts
By-election, September 8, 1913
See also
List of Saskatchewan political parties
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board – Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan - Provincial Vote Summaries
Further reading
1912 elections in Canada
1912 in Saskatchewan
1912
July 1912 events
John Klima is the name of:
John Klima (editor) (born 1971), editor of the science fiction magazine Electric Velocipede
John Klima (artist) (born 1965), American new media artist and professor at Rhode Island School of Design
Dasystoma kurentzovi is a moth in the family Lypusidae. It was described by Alexandr L. Lvovsky in 1990. It is found in south-eastern Siberia.
References
Moths described in 1990
Lypusidae
Abdul Qadir Khan SI (, 15 September 1955 – 6 September 2019) was an international cricketer who bowled leg spin for Pakistan. Qadir is widely regarded as a legendary leg spinners of the 1970s and 1980s and was a role model for up and coming leg spinners. Later they were a commentator and Chief Selector of the Pakistan Cricket Board, from which they resigned due to differences of opinion with leading Pakistan cricket administrators.
Qadir appeared in 67 Tests and 104 One Day International (ODI) matches between 1977 and 1993, and captained the Pakistan cricket team in five ODIs. In Test cricket, their best performance for a series was 30 wickets for 437 runs, in three Test matches at home, against England in 1987. Their best bowling figures for an innings were nine wickets for 56 against the same team at the Gaddafi Stadium in the same series in 1987.
In ODIs, their best bowling figures were five wickets for 44 runs against Sri Lanka during the 1983 Cricket World Cup. They were a member of the Pakistani team in the 1983 and 1987 Cricket World Cups. Yahoo! Cricket described Qadir as "a master of the leg-spin" who "mastered the googlies, the flippers, the leg-breaks and the topspins."  They are widely regarded as a top spin bowler of their generation and was included in Richie Benaud's Greatest XI shortlist of an imaginary cricket team from the best players available from all countries and eras. Former English captain Graham Gooch said that "Qadir was even finer than Shane Warne".
They were educated at the Government College University, Lahore.
First-class career
Qadir played first-class cricket for Lahore, Punjab and Habib Bank Limited cricket teams during 1975–95. During their first-class career, they achieved five or more wickets in an innings on seventy-five occasions, and ten or more wickets in a match twenty-one times. They also scored two centuries and eight half centuries in first-class cricket.
Qadir made their debut for Habib Bank against United Bank Limited at the National Stadium during the 1975–76 season. They took seven wickets in the match conceding 93 runs, including six wickets for 67 runs in the first innings. Playing for Lahore C, they took six for 17 against Bahawalpur, their best bowling figures of the season.
Qadir played 209 first-class matches and took 960 wickets with an average of 23.24. Their best bowling figures for an innings were nine wickets for 56 runs, whereas their best performance for a match was 13 wickets for 101 runs. As a batsman, they scored 3,740 runs averaged 18.33 from 247 innings. They also scored two centuries and eight fifties. Qadir's highest score in the format was 112 runs. In November 1989, in a warm up match played before the first Test at the National Stadium, 16-year-old Indian batsman Sachin Tendulkar hit four consecutive sixes over Qadir. Later on the same day, Qadir predicted that Tendulkar would become one of the greatest batsmen. Qadir played their last first-class match in 1994.
International career
Test career
Natural talent combined with aggression and passion made Qadir one of the most successful spinners of their era. They had a distinct run-up, bounding in to the crease, and a great variety of deliveries: there was the orthodox leg-break, the topspinner, two googlies and the flipper. They were unique for bowling leg spin at a time when it was not only rare but considered obsolete, and they kept the torch alight for a generation of leg spinners. Their fervent appeals made them a great favourite with the spectators but sometimes got them into trouble with umpires. Qadir played 67 Test matches during 1977–90 and took 236 wickets, with an average of 32.80, including 15 five-wicket hauls. Their best bowling performance was against England at the Gaddafi Stadium, Lahore in 1987. They also scored 1,029 runs including three fifties.
Qadir showed promise from their very first Test series, bowling along with left-arm spinner Iqbal Qasim, with Wisden Almanack describing them as “the most notable discovery of their type for some time.” They made their Test debut against England at their home ground, Gaddafi Stadium, on 14 December 1977. Their leg-breaks and googlies both caused problems for the English batsmen, but they were only able to take one wicket and their length began to falter late in the innings, forcing Pakistan to take the new ball and bowl their fast bowlers instead. They were far more successful in the second Test match. They took 6 wickets for 44 runs in 24 overs, bowling around the wicket into the footmarks of English fast bowler Bob Willis, giving them the best bowling figures for a Pakistan bowler against England. After taking five wickets in the third and final Test match, they finished as the leading wicket-taker for the series with 12 wickets at an average of 25.41.
Qadir's second Test series, in England in 1978, was an injury-plagued let-down, but they were a strong and established force by their return in 1982, when their six wickets in the Lord's Test played a major role in a historic Pakistani victory. They took ten wickets in the series with an average of 40.60.
Qadir's first significant performance came in the 1982–83 series against Australia, taking seven wickets for 156 runs and 11 wickets for 218 runs in the first two Test matches—man of the match in both the matches. They accumulated 22 wickets—Pakistani record against Australia—conceding 562 runs and with the average of 25.54 in the three-Test series. Due to their performance with the ball, they won the man of the series award for first time in their Test career. Pakistan clean-swept the series, winning the first and the third Test by nine wickets each, and the second Test by an innings and three runs. Qadir took 19 wickets for 451 runs with the help of three five-wicket hauls in following home series against England. Pakistan recorded their first series win against England. In the 1985–86 home series against Sri Lanka, they took six wickets in the third match at Karachi.
At the Kennington Oval in 1987, Qadir's ten-wicket haul ensured another series win, this time in England. Three months later, Qadir brought their art to an all new level – in the next home series against the same team – taking 30 wickets for 437 runs in three Tests including the best bowling figures in an innings by a Pakistani, nine wickets for 56 runs at the Gaddafi Stadium. This is also the seventh best performance for an innings in Test cricket, and the best by any bowler against England. They achieved their career best performance in an innings, 61 runs, at the National Stadium, Karachi. Qadir's tremendous performance earned them another man of the series award, and Pakistan won another series against England. During this crusade, they moved past the 200-wicket mark, becoming the first man from their country ever to do so. Qadir was ineffective against India in the 1989–90 home series, taking only six wickets from four Tests with an average above 57. They played their last Test against the West Indies in December 1990 at the Gaddafi Stadium.
One Day International career
Qadir made their ODI debut against New Zealand at Edgbaston during 1983 Cricket World Cup; they took four wickets for 21 runs in 12 overs, earning them the man of the match award. They took 12 wickets for 264 runs in the tournament with an average of 22.00, including a five-wicket haul against Sri Lanka at Headingley, Leeds. In the 1983–84 World Series Cup, Qadir played eight matches and took 15 wickets at the average of 18.13, including five wickets for 53 against Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, a match Pakistan lost by 43 runs. In the 1985–86 home season, they took six wickets against Sri Lanka, and five wickets against the West Indies including four wickets for 17 runs at the Gaddafi Stadium. Qadir's eight wickets in six matches were the second highest figures against India in 1986–87. Sachin Tendulkar played them smoothly in their first Test series for India, and it may have been their attacking batting which cut short Qadir's Test career.
Qadir captained the Pakistan cricket team during England's tour to Pakistan, losing all the three matches; they topped the list of the highest wicket takers during the 1987–88 series between the teams, with eight wickets at the average of 13.17. They took six wickets during the 1988–89 Wills Asia Cup at the average of 17.00, including three wickets for 27 runs, against India in the fifth match at the Bangabandhu National Stadium, Dhaka. During the Nehru Cup in 1989–90, they were second in the list of leading wicket takers, with 12 wickets from seven matches at the average of 21.75. Their best figure in a match during the tournament were three wickets for 27 runs, against Australia at the Brabourne Stadium, Bombay. Qadir played their last ODI against Sri Lanka at the Sharjah Cricket Association Stadium in 1993. In total, Qadir played 104 ODIs during 1977–93, taking 132 wickets and averaged 26.16. They also took two five-wicket hauls, including their best ODI performance of five wickets for 44 runs against Sri Lanka during the 1983 World Cup. They scored 641 runs in ODIs, and their highest score in this format of the game was 41 not out.
Captaincy
Qadir was not successful as a captain. They captained the Pakistan cricket team in five Test matches during 1987–88 and 1988–89, losing four of them. They captained Pakistan for the first time against England, in the absence of regular captain, Javed Miandad. The three matches they captained in, against the same team, were lost by Pakistan. In ODI matches, Qadir captained Pakistan against Bangladesh and India in the fourth and fifth match of the 1988 Asia Cup respectively; Pakistan defeated Bangladesh by 173 runs, and lost to India by four wickets.
As chief selector
Abdul Qadir replaced Saleem Jaffar, former Pakistan fast bowler, as chief selector in November 2008 for the series against India. A series of three Tests, five ODIs and three T20Is was scheduled to be hosted by Pakistan; the series could not take place due to the deterioration of both countries' diplomatic relationship after the 2008 Mumbai attacks. Their next assignment was team selection for the home series against Sri Lanka; the tour was arranged as a replacement for the scheduled tour of India which was cancelled by BCCI. The series was abandoned following an attack on the Sri Lankan team in Lahore during the second Test between the teams. Qadir resigned from the post in June 2009 without explaining any concern.
Controversy
Talking with Hasan Jalil at Pakistan Television (PTV) show in 2004, Qadir said: "We all know the ball has always been made up [tampered with] by Pakistani fast bowlers, but with so much scrutiny on this series, this has not been possible." PTV cancelled their contract stating that "We are a national network and we have certain codes of conduct on what can and cannot be said on air. By talking about ball-tampering and claiming that every successful Pakistani bowler had 'made' the ball, they were damaging national pride, and that is against our policy. So we dropped him."
Personal life
Qadir was born on 15 September 1955 in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. Their brother, Ali Bahadur, was also a leg-spinner who appeared in 10 first-class matches during 1986–87. Qadir's three sons Rehman Qadir, Imran Qadir and Sulaman Qadir—also represented different Pakistani teams in the first-class competition, while their younger son, Usman Qadir, has played in 12 List A match. Their daughter, Noor Aamina, married Umar Akmal.
Death and legacy
On 7 September 2019, Qadir died of cardiac arrest in Lahore. Qadir died nine days before their 64th birthday. The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) paid tributes to Qadir with their Chairman, Ehsan Mani, calling them a "maestro with the ball". Wasim Khan, the PCB's Chief Executive added: "Abdul Qadir was one of the all-time greatest. Their friendly and warm presence will forever be missed".
Shane Warne said: "It's very sad news, so condolences to Abdul Qadir's family. I had the opportunity to meet them in 1994 on my first tour to Pakistan. I think a lot of people who bowled leg-spin, like I did, they were the guy who we looked up to in the eighties. They were the main leg-spinner in that era. They were a terrific bowler who bamboozled a lot of batsmen. Their record is a terrific one."
Prime Minister Imran Khan called them "a genius, one of the greatest leg spinners of all time", adding that "Qadir's bowling statistics do not do justice to their genius".
They were posthumously awarded Sitara-i-Imtiaz the third highest civilian award of Pakistan by the Government of Pakistan in 2021.
See also
List of international cricket five-wicket hauls by Abdul Qadir
Benaud–Qadir Trophy
References
External links
1955 births
2019 deaths
Habib Bank Limited cricketers
Pakistan One Day International cricketers
Pakistan Test cricketers
Pakistani cricket captains
Cricketers at the 1983 Cricket World Cup
Cricketers at the 1987 Cricket World Cup
Punjab (Pakistan) cricketers
Pakistani cricketers
Cricketers from Lahore
Lahore City Blues cricketers
Lahore City cricketers
Punjab A cricketer
Government College University, Lahore alumni
Cegielnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Horodło, north of Hrubieszów, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Kuşalanı is a town in Samandağ district of Hatay Province, Turkey. At it is on the state highway connecting Samandağ to Antakya (capital of the province). The distance to Samandağ is and to Antakya is . The population of Kuşalanı was 5259 as of 2012.
References
Populated places in Hatay Province
Towns in Turkey
Samandağ District
Liu Hongwang (born 13 February 1962) is a Chinese biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Chinese male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of China
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in biathlon
Biathletes at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
St Edward's Church may refer to:
St Edward's Church, Hockley, Birmingham, England
St Edward's Church, Kempley, Gloucestershire, England
St. Edwards Church (Little Rock, Arkansas), United States
St Edward's Church, Roath, Cardiff, Wales
St Edward's Church, Sanday, Scotland
St Edward's Church, Selly Park, Birmingham, England
St Edward's Church, Stow-on-the-Wold, Gloucestershire, England
St. Edward's Catholic Church, Shamokin, Pennsylvania, United States
Church of St Edward the Confessor, Romford, Essex, England
Church of St. Edward the Martyr, Brookwood, Surrey, England
Church of St Edward King and Martyr, Goathurst, Somerset, England
Church of St Edward, King of the West Saxons, a Grade II* listed building in Plymouth, England
See also
St Edward's Church of England School, London, England
AAB College () is a private university in Pristina, Kosovo. It was founded in 2000 as an institution of higher education in mass communication. In 2008, it had expanded to eight departments.
Notes
External links
Educational institutions established in 2000
2000s establishments in Kosovo
Universities in Kosovo
Kyle Dodd (born 11 February 1994) is a South African BMX cyclist. They competed in the men's BMX at the 2016 Summer Olympics. They finished 6th in their heat during the quarterfinals and did not advance to the semifinals.
References
1994 births
Living people
Cyclists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of South Africa
South African male cyclists
BMX riders
Ya-Asana is a small Fijian island.
References
Islands of Fiji
José Largacha Rivas is a Colombian football forward. They currently play for Atlético Bucaramanga.
References
1987 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
Estudiantes de Mérida players
Patriotas Boyacá footballers
Atlético Bucaramanga footballers
Cúcuta Deportivo footballers
Llaneros F.C. players
Categoría Primera B players
Venezuelan Primera División players
Colombian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Venezuela
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Chocó Department
Flyleaf is an American rock band formed in Belton, Texas, in 2002. The band has charted on mainstream rock, Christian pop and Christian metal genres. They performed around the United States in 2003 before releasing their eponymous debut album, Flyleaf, in 2005. The album went platinum after selling more than one million copies. Flyleaf released their second album Memento Mori on November 10, 2009; it debuted and peaked at No. 8 on the Billboard charts. Flyleaf's third album New Horizons was released on October 30, 2012. Shortly before the album's release, lead vocalist Lacey Sturm announced their departure. Kristen May subsequently became the new lead vocalist. May sang with the band until August 2016, when they announced their departure from the band.
History
Early years (2002–2004)
Early on Lacey Sturm started playing with James Culpepper. Guitarists Jared Hartmann and Sameer Bhattacharya were later recruited. "Sameer and Jared are really experimental with melodies and pedals, and we all had different influences that were all blending together with the same passionate and hopeful heart, and that brought out this beautiful feeling. It was magical," said Sturm. Bassist Pat Seals joined after leaving their previous band The Grove.
As Passerby, the band released three EPs and played over 100 shows in Texas alone over the span of two years under the booking and promotion company Runt Entertainment. In 2004, Passerby played a showcase for RCA Records in New York City in hopes of getting signed. RCA passed on the band, but the president of Octone Records was very interested. They waited for two days in their van at a truck stop for a phone call about an Octone showcase. They were signed after the showcase, and on January 7, 2004, Octone Record's website announced their arrival to the label.
In March 2004, Passerby traveled to Seattle, Washington, to record an EP with producer Rick Parashar. Afterwards, they toured with Skillet, Breaking Benjamin, Staind and 3 Doors Down to promote their self-titled EP. Due to legal reasons, they renamed themselves Flyleaf in June 2004. In October, the EP was released to stores (as Flyleaf), spawning their first official single and video for the EP version of "Breathe Today".
Debut album (2005–2008)
In 2005, the band recorded their first full-length album with Howard Benson. On October 4, 2005, the record was released under the title Flyleaf. Appearances on the album include Dave Navarro of Jane's Addiction and Ryan White of Resident Hero. The first mainstream single from their debut album was "I'm So Sick", "Fully Alive" was the second, "All Around Me" was the third, and "Sorrow" was the fourth.
In the summer of 2006, the band played on the mainstage of the Family Values Tour 2006, and in late 2006, Flyleaf toured with Disturbed, Stone Sour and Nonpoint on the Music as a Weapon III Tour. The band issued an exclusive EP, which was sold at the tour called Music as a Weapon EP which features an acoustic version of "Fully Alive", and three previously unreleased tracks: "Much Like Falling", "Justice And Mercy", and "Christmas Song" (Much Like Falling and Justice and Mercy later appeared on Much Like Falling EP). A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the EP went to World Vision.
In 2007 Flyleaf toured with Three Days Grace and throughout Australia with the Soundwave festival, and also toured Europe with Stone Sour and Forever Never. In the spring of 2007, Flyleaf headlined their Justice & Mercy Tour which first featured Skillet and Dropping Daylight. Later on they did a second leg of the tour which featured Sick Puppies, Kill Hannah and Resident Hero. Flyleaf again joined the Family Values Tour in 2007. The music video for "I'm So Sick" appeared briefly in the 2007 film Live Free or Die Hard. Also a remix of the song "I'm So Sick" is on the Soundtrack to the movie Resident Evil: Extinction. "Perfect" was also released as a single in late 2007 to Christian radio stations. Released on November 5, 2007, The Sims 2 expansion pack Teen Style Stuff featured the band's song "Cassie" recorded in Simlish.
Flyleaf also released a song entitled "Tina" which was the first song that they debuted in the release of Guitar Hero 3 as part of the Companion Disk Set. Also, the song "I'm So Sick" appears in Rock Band.
On October 30, Flyleaf also released a digital EP titled Much Like Falling EP. The songs included on this EP were "Much Like Falling", an acoustic version of "Supernatural", the limited release song "Tina", and The EP is available on iTunes along with the expanded edition of their debut album.
On April 26, 2008, the band released their fourth video, "Sorrow", from their debut album on MTV2. The band toured with Seether in late spring but had to cancel five shows due to a problem with Sturm's voice. The members of Flyleaf took the fall off to write new music, hoping to begin recording by January.
Flyleaf also contributed a cover of the song, "What's This?" from The Nightmare Before Christmas soundtrack for its cover album, Nightmare Revisited.
Memento Mori (2009–2010)
When the band finished recording their second album, The band had selected 14 songs out of the 30 already written. Some of these songs, such as "Again", "Have We Lost", and "Beautiful Bride" have been performed live. The band reunited with producer Howard Benson and enlisted the mixing services of Chris Lord-Alge It was released on November 10, 2009. The album has been titled Memento Mori. It features songs such as "Beautiful Bride", "Arise", "Missing", "Again" and "Set Apart This Dream" which was inspired by the Christian book Wild at Heart. Flyleaf has debuted an additional two songs live during a small acoustic tour the band did in Afghanistan for the United States Armed Forces called "Chasm" and "Circle".
As they published on their MySpace page, Flyleaf's first single "Again" was released on iTunes and also played on the radio. Meiert Avis directed the single's music video titled "Again".
The group, starting in Seattle, Washington, on September 28, 2009, held VIP listening parties throughout the country inviting fans to be the first to hear a selection of songs from the new record and view brand-new music videos before they aired nationwide. By partnering with Eventful, fans were given the opportunity to demand that their city get routed into the "Road to Memento Mori" using Eventful's "Demand It!" service.
Based on overwhelming demand there were over 10 events. Fans saw Sturm, Sameer Bhattacharya, and Jared Hartmann, who made special appearances at these intimate gatherings across the country.
On November 2, 2009, the band released a short Webisode for their new album.
Flyleaf's other video, "Beautiful Bride," was shot in early August 2009 by director Don Tyler. The video was originally released at the Memento Mori listening events, but was later featured on Yahoo! the day Memento Mori came out. The video features James' sister/Sameer's wife, April, as the bride and Joshua Sturm, Lacey's husband, as the groom. Like "Again," this video features Pat's artwork throughout the video. Future singles are set to include "Chasm" for rock stations and "Missing" for alternative.
Flyleaf toured throughout the United States with Breaking Benjamin and Three Days Grace from January to March 2010. They embarked on a headlining tour called the "Unite & Fight Tour" with 10 Years and Fair to Midland. The tour began on April 28, 2010, and ended on June 6, 2010. June 11, 2010, the group has acted on MUZ TV Award 2010 (Премия МУЗ-ТВ) in Russia with songs: "I'm So Sick", "Again" and a song: "All Around Me". They are one of many bands that performed at Download Festival on June 12, 2010. The band encouraged fans to donate to stop human trafficking in other countries.
The band was scheduled to continue with the second leg of the "Unite & Fight" tour from September 10, 2010, to October 23, 2010, with Story of the Year, and performed at various festivals through the end of the year. They also released an animated music video for "Chasm" on September 22, which was directed/animated/illustrated by Giles Timms. At the end of the Unite and Fight tour in early November, Lacey collaborated with band Apocalyptica on the song "Broken Pieces", as well as with Australian singer Orianthi in their new song "Courage". Soon after they released "Arise" as the next single from Memento Mori.
On November 6, 2010, the band performed at Rock the Hood, a festival at Fort Hood in memory of all the soldiers who have died, especially the 13 who died at the November 2009 shooting.
On November 15, 2010, Lacey shared via Facebook that they and their husband, Joshua, were expecting a baby boy in early 2011.
On December 7, 2010, Flyleaf released an EP titled Remember to Live, then released a cover of the John Mark McMillan song "How They Love" on December 21, 2010.
New Horizons and departure of Sturm (2011–2013)
On January 22, 2011, Hartmann announced that they and Culpepper were building a recording studio and preparing to record demos for their next album. In February 2011, the band started pre-production for their next album at Treelady Studios in Pittsburgh, PA.
On June 1, 2012, the band confirmed via Twitter that the album and first single would be called New Horizons. The single premiered on Windsor, Ontario's 89X Radio on August 1, 2012, and released through iTunes on August 21, 2012.
On September 4, 2012, Lacey Sturm's birthday, Flyleaf released the official video for "New Horizons" on Fuse. The video included a picture in the background as a tribute to Rich Caldwell and footage of Lacey and Joshua Sturm's son, Joshua "Jack" Sturm.
Flyleaf also released an additional single, entitled "Call You Out", on September 25, 2012. The album was released on October 30, 2012.
On October 22, 2012, the band announced that Lacey Sturm was stepping down as the band's lead vocalist. In a statement written by Pat Seals, Kristen May, formerly of Vedera, was announced as Sturm's replacement. Sturm expressed that with the birth of their son, Jack, and the death of one of the band's lead audio engineers, Rich Caldwell, that they knew the true meaning of "Memento Mori" (the title of their second full-length album).
Guitarist Sameer Bhattacharya stated in an interview that they would write new music with their new lead vocalist Kristen May.
Flyleaf released a new single on June 18, 2013, with May on vocals, "Something Better" featuring P.O.D. frontman Sonny Sandoval. A new EP, Who We Are, was released on July 9, 2013.
Between the Stars, May's departure and hiatus (2014–2016)
Flyleaf announced that a new album was in the works for a 2014 release and released a teaser video on PledgeMusic.com. The new album was fully funded on February 2, 2014. On March 29, they confirmed Don Gilmore as the producer for their upcoming album.
On May 20, 2014, Flyleaf announced that they were now signed to Loud & Proud Records and would be releasing their album in early fall. The first single will be released in July and tour dates will be announced after that.
"Set Me on Fire", the lead single from the upcoming album, Between the Stars, premiered on July 1 through Revolver. The album was released on September 16, 2014.
The band released the album cover via a puzzle game starting on July 21, 2014. and the track list the following day.
Between the Stars is also the band's first release from their new home, label Loud & Proud Records.
On August 15, 2016, lead vocalist Kristen May announced their departure from the band, citing a growing desire to stay at home with their family and that they never really felt as if they were part of the band.
Musical style
Flyleaf has identified under various genres of rock music, including alternative metal, hard rock, alternative rock, post-grunge, nu metal, heavy metal, and post-hardcore. Because of the many religious references in Flyleaf's music, they are also considered to be a Christian rock band. Despite the numerous genres they have been labeled as, May considers themselves to be simply alternative rock, adding "I think the reason we get put in different genres is because there are so many different influences in the songwriting."
Christianity
Former lead vocalist Lacey Sturm is a Christian. While faith has influenced the band's music, Sturm said that they don't believe that necessarily makes Flyleaf strictly a Christian band. The band says they are Christians who play in a rock band, and their faith is heard within their music. "We all share the same faith."
In November 2006, Flyleaf performed a free concert at Los Angeles Pierce College for a Christian group called The Revolt, which was a three-day event. The band performed a half-hour set Thursday night. It was The Revolt's opening night at Pierce College and the first time the campus has been used as an outdoor music venue.
In a May 2010 interview, Sturm was asked how it felt to be in a Christian rock band and play in Las Vegas: Well, you know what? I don't know what you mean by a "Christian rock band." It's hard to say that because people all have a different definition of what that means. If it means that we're Christians, then yeah, we're Christians, but if a plumber's a Christian, does that make them a "Christian plumber?" I mean we're not playing for Christians. We're just playing honestly and that's going to come out.
Former lead vocalist May has felt the band's fans believe she's "not Christian enough" despite professing to be a Christian. They also hope that people don't discount the band by using the "Christian" label.
Although the band relies on themes transcending many faiths and ways of life, they insist being a Christian will always be a part of them and influence their writing.
Band members
Current
James Culpepper – drums, percussion (2002–present)
Sameer Bhattacharya – lead guitar (2002–present); backing vocals (2012–present); keyboards, piano (2014–present)
Jared Hartmann – rhythm guitar (2002–present)
Pat Seals – bass (2002–present); backing vocals (2012–present)
Former
Lacey Sturm – lead vocals (2002–2012)
Kristen May – lead vocals (2012–2016)
Discography
Flyleaf (2005)
Memento Mori (2009)
New Horizons (2012)
Between the Stars (2014)
Other works
The Reason: Revelations of a Rock Princess, (2014) Baker Books.
Awards
References
External links
2002 establishments in Texas
Alternative rock groups from Texas
American alternative metal musical groups
American emo musical groups
American nu metal musical groups
American post-grunge musical groups
American post-hardcore musical groups
Christian alternative metal groups
Christian rock groups from Texas
Hard rock musical groups from Texas
Musical quintets
Musical groups established in 2002
GUN Records artists
Female-fronted musical groups
The crested doradito (Pseudocolopteryx sclateri) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Guyana, Paraguay, Trinidad and Tobago, Uruguay, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is swamps.
References
crested doradito
Birds of South America
crested doradito
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gunnilse IS is a Swedish football club located in Angered, a suburb of Gothenburg.
Background
Since their foundation on 16 September 1950 Gunnilse IS has participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently (2012) plays in Division 2 Västra Götaland which is the fourth tier of Swedish football. Their best achievement was in 2000 when they played one season in the Superettan. They play their home matches at the Hjällbovallen, in Angered, Gothenburg.
Gunnilse IS are affiliated to the Göteborgs Fotbollförbund.
Season to season
Current squad
As of 1 January 2010:
Achievements
League
Division 1 Västra:
Runners-up (1): 1992
External links
Gunnilse IS – Official Website
Footnotes
Association football clubs established in 1950
1950 establishments in Sweden
James T. Powers (1868 – after 1890) was a 19th-century Major League Baseball player who was a pitcher for the 1890 Brooklyn Gladiators in the American Association.
References
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
19th-century baseball players
Brooklyn Gladiators players
Baseball players from New York (state)
1868 births
Year of death missing
Yevgeny Sinyayev (2 January 1948 – 11 August 2006) was a Soviet sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1948 births
2006 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Soviet male sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Place of birth missing
Orleans Flat was a historic mining town located on the San Juan Ridge about 20 miles northeast of Nevada City and about 5 miles northeast of North Bloomfield. The town was about 1 mile south of the Middle Yuba at an elevation of about 4200 ft. To the west lay the mining towns of Moore's Flat and Woolsey's Flat, each about I mile apart. All three were settled around 1851 and their histories frequently intertwine. Collectively, they are sometimes referred to as "The Flats." All three were part of Eureka Township.
An early pioneer describes the physical relation of the Flats as follows:
"Moore's Flat, Orleans Flat and Woolsey's Flat are all similarly situated on different points of the mountain, on the north side of the ridge between the South and Middle Yuba River, and all at about the same altitude. A very deep canyon lies between each of them, but a good mountain road was built around the head of each canyon, connecting the towns."
Orleans Flat was founded in 1850 or 1851. The town was originally settled by miners from New Hampshire, who named it Concord. They left after a while "with well-filled purses." They were replaced by Southerners who renamed it New Orleans Flat. Most accounts simply call it Orleans Flat. The Flat itself was described as about "one hundred and sixty acres, resembling in outline an irregular gibbous semi-circle."
Orleans Flat lies on a part of the auriferous [gold bearing] channel which runs the length of the San Juan Ridge. In such channels, the gold lies under layers of gravel, with the richest deposits being close to the bed rock. At Orleans Flat, the gravel deposits were the shallowest among the Flats, so it became the first town to thrive. There was an initial period of successful surface mining. The Flats were renowned for the discovery of large nuggets and gold-bearing boulders. One discovered at Orleans Flat in 1858 contained at least $6,000 worth of gold. Another found in 1869 had $8700 in gold.
The Flats became an early adopter of hydraulic mining, which boomed with the arrival of ditch water. Berryman's Poor Man's Creek Ditch arrived in 1854. The Miners' Ditch followed in 1856 and the Weaver Ditch in 1860. One authority claimed that the gravel ''at Orleans was very rich, and the flats pay better returns any of the other deposits in this vicinity."
In the 1850s, Orleans was the leading town of the Flats, once described as "the most prosperous mining camp" on the Ridge. By 1852, the town had a population of 600. It boasted several hotels, stores, saloons, a sawmill, a bank, a bakery, a brewery and a theater. It was connected by various stage lines to Nevada City, Marysville and other places on the Ridge.
The town had a fair share of parades, balls and entertainments. Around 1855, a building was erected to be used as a nondenominational church, temperance hall and schoolhouse, but it does not appear that it was ever used as a church or schoolhouse. The Rev. J. S. Diehl organized a Sons of Temperance branch and a Sabbath school, but where those meetings were held is not recorded.
In 1855, 223 votes were recorded at Orleans Flat. In the 1860 presidential election, 97 votes were recorded, with Douglas receiving 52. It hosted important political events and rallies held in that part of the Ridge. In 1856, a Masonic Lodge was established at Orleans Flat, named Quitman Lodge, No. 88. There was also an Odd Fellows Lodge and a lodge hall was built jointly by the two lodges. In 1863, the lodge hall was moved to Moore's Flat.
A most unusual occurrence involved a Dr. Kittredge who operated a drugstore in Orleans Flat. After a young child died and was buried, it was discovered that their body had been removed from the grave. Townspeople, alerted by the suspicious conduct of their clerk who "rode furiously" out of town, confronted Dr. Kittredge, who admitted that they had removed the body ostensibly for the purposes of scientific inspection. Although some townspeople wanted to lynch him, it was finally agreed that if they would produce the body, which had not been dissected, so it could be reburied, they would be let go. That happened, but the townspeople shunned them and they soon left Orleans Flat.
One of the most successful entrepreneurs in Orleans Flat was Marks Zellerbach. A Jewish immigrant from Bavaria in Germany, they founded a bank, Marks & Co., owned an interest in a number of mines and became a principal in the Eureka Land and Water Company, which supplied water to many of the mines on the Ridge. They were also one of the early investors in the Nevada County Narrow Gauge Railroad. In many of these endeavors, they were assisted by their brother Anthony, a resident of Moore's Flat, who went on to found what became the Crown Zellerbach Paper Company.
By 1857, the shallow gravel mines had been exhausted and the town began to decline. Many residents moved to neighboring Moore's Flat or to other locations on the Ridge. Others began to drift mine closer to and under the town, often undermining the town's houses. Fire destroyed a number of buildings in 1859. A more devastating fire occurred in 1863, burning all the buildings on the south side of Main Street, including several houses, the former drug store, the butcher shop and several other stores and saloons. Arson was suspected. For all these reasons, the town was soon deserted.
In 1867, Orleans Flat was described as follows:
"...it is now nearly deserted. A few Mexicans and Chinamen make a precarious living in working around the abandoned claims, but with this exception mining is suspended, and now there are not more than a dozen American residents at the place."
In 1869, a local paper was more succinct: "Orleans Flat, once a lively mining camp, in the northern part of the county, but for a long time dead, is likely to revive, and the mines there to be worked again." While some mining continued after 1869, the paper's prediction never happened; the town never revived. Among the last residents were the four Buck Brothers, all born at Orleans Flat, who mined, farmed and ranched into the 20th century. Today, apart from the Buck ranch house which sits on a hill overlooking the old townsite, nothing remains but lots of rock piles.
'
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Blue Canyon may refer to:
Locations
Blue Canyon, California
Blue Canyon–Nyack Airport
Blue Canyon, Washington
Blue Canyon Wind Farm, Oklahoma
The northwest drainage of Black Mesa, in northeast Arizona
A lava field near Fort Defiance, Arizona
Companies
Blue Canyon Technologies, a satellite manufacturer bought by Raytheon Intelligence & Space in 2020
See also
Canyon Blue (N536JB), the name of the aircraft involved in the JetBlue Airways Flight 292 incident on September 21, 2005.
Claude Gallimard (10 January 1914 – 29 April 1991) was a French publisher and business leader.
The son of Gaston Gallimard, they are, from 1976 to 1988, the head of the publishing house Gallimard, founded by their father in 1911.
Biography
Claude Gallimard worked in the family business of which they would become the president at the death of their father on 15 January 1976.
Married to Simone Cornu, they had with their four children who all worked in the book trades: Françoise, Christian, Antoine, and Isabelle.
In 1988, ill, Claude Gallimard handed the management of the group to their son Antoine, after removing their eldest son, Christian.
External links
Chronologie: Claude Gallimard biographie
Claude Gallimard à propos des manuscrits de Proust et Céline - (15 February 1970)
Claude Gallimard on INA.fr (19 November 1979)
Claude Gallimard on Radio Télévision Suisse (12 December 1972)
Obituary on the New York Times (2 May 1991)
French publishers (people)
French chief executives
1914 births
1991 deaths
Claude
John Martin Baylor is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for five seasons for the Indianapolis Colts.
References
1965 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Meridian, Mississippi
Players of American football from Mississippi
American football cornerbacks
American football safeties
Southern Miss Golden Eagles football players
Indianapolis Colts players
California's 15th State Assembly district is one of 80 California State Assembly districts. It is currently represented by Democrat Buffy Wicks of Oakland.
District profile
The district encompasses the northern coastal East Bay, occupying a narrow strip between the shores of San Francisco and San Pablo Bays and the Berkeley Hills. The district is centered on Berkeley and Richmond, along with a sizable portion of Oakland.
Alameda County – 15.3%
Albany
Berkeley
Emeryville
Oakland – 20.4%
Piedmont
Contra Costa County – 22.6%
El Cerrito
Hercules
Pinole
Richmond
San Pablo
El Sobrante
Kensington
Election results from statewide races
List of Assembly Members
Due to redistricting, the 15th district has been moved around different parts of the state. The current iteration resulted from the 2011 redistricting by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission.
Election results 1992 - present
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
2010
2008
2006
2004
2002
2000
1998
1996
1994
1992
See also
California State Assembly
California State Assembly districts
Districts in California
References
External links
District map from the California Citizens Redistricting Commission
15
Government of Alameda County, California
Government of Contra Costa County, California
Albany, California
Berkeley, California
Berkeley Hills
Emeryville, California
Oakland, California
Piedmont, California
El Cerrito, California
Pinole, California
Richmond, California
San Pablo, California
Government in the San Francisco Bay Area
Maelle Millet (born 22 August 2004) is a French rhythmic gymnast.
Personal life
Maelle took up rhythmic gymnastics at age six after a demonstration near their home. They now train for 26 hours per week at the national youth training hub (Pole Espoir) in Montpellier, France, their favourite apparatuses are ball and ribbon and their ultimate ambition is to compete at the 2024 Olympics Games in Paris.
Career
Junior
At the first Junior World Championships in Rhythmic Gymnastics in Moscow in 2019 they placed 14th with ball, the only apparatus they competed with.
Senior
They debuted in senior category in 2021 at World Cup Sofia, where they ended 19th in the all-around and didn't qualify for finals. They were selected to represent France at the 2021 European Championship in Varna, Bulgaria, along with Kseniya Moustafaeva, they competed with four apparatuses and ended their competition mid ranking. Millet also competed at the World Championship in the same year, placing 19th in the all around.
In 2022 they took part at the World Cups in Sofia and Baku, qualifying for the hoop final and ball final in the Bulgarian stage : they won their first world cup medal, a bronze with hoop. Despite winning the French nationals they were only named reserve gymnast for the 2022 European Championship.
Routine music information
References
French rhythmic gymnasts
2004 births
Living people
Haren Airport or Evere Airfield is a former military airfield and civil airport in Brussels, Belgium. Located in Brussels' city section of Haren and adjacent municipality of Evere, it was established by the German Empire in 1914 and lasted until the early 1950s when it was closed. Meanwhile it had been replaced by nearby Melsbroek airfield that Nazi Germans had established in World War II, which developed into the current Brussels Airport. The former grounds of Haren-Evere airfield were redeveloped as part of the expanding Brussels urban area; some buildings remain in use as facilities of the Belgian military. The headquarters of NATO are located at Haren (Brussels) on part of the former airport grounds.
History
The advancing Imperial German Air Service established it as military airfield Flugplatz Brüssel in 1914 during World War I. In February 1915 they completed an additional Zeppelin Hangar. This was partially destroyed on 7 June 1915 during an attack on airship LZ38. Although the hangar was repaired, airships were no longer parked at the airfield. At the end of the war the airfield was abandoned by the Germans when they withdrew from Belgium in the aftermath of the November 1918 Armistice.
The airfield being in the Belgian capital, it became the home of the Belgian Air Force during the 1920s. The Zeppelin Hangar was not torn down until 1923, as it was used to park aircraft left behind by the Germans. Some of the aircraft were used for the first civilian flights at the airfield. Increasingly, it became the hub of Belgian civil aviation. In 1923 a radio centre was built, along with a new terminal. In February 1925 Sabena inaugurated the first Congo flight, when a Handley Page W8f departed the airfield for Leopoldstad. A notable visitor was Charles Lindbergh, who flew into Haren only a week after their historic New-York-Paris flight in 1927. Air traffic continued its steady growth, and by 1929 a new terminal (the third) was inaugurated. Several international airlines used Haren in the 1930s, such as Imperial, KLM, Air France, Deutsche Luft Hansa and British Continental Airways.
With the Invasion of Belgium in May 1940 by the Germans, the Luftwaffe expanded the airfield, by building a new hangar (VIII) and an 820m long concrete runway (09-27). In addition, the Germans began building a new airfield at nearby Melsbroek (near Zaventem) and in November 1942 had connected the two airfields with a taxiway.
On 3 September 1944 Haren-Evere area was liberated, and only three days later the first RAF squadrons landed. It was designated as Advanced Landing Ground B-56 Evere. As the Germans had left in a hurry, the twin airfields needed very little repair work. Between September 1944 and October 1945, the British further expanded the runways, taxiways and aprons. When World War II ended the two airfields continued to be used by the military. It took until March 1946 before the airfields were fully released for civilian use.
Due to the encroaching urban area of Brussels, the Haren-Evere airfield began shutting down in the late 1940s and airport development focused on its twin airfield nearby, Melsbroek (which would eventually develop into the current Brussels Airport), although repair services of Sabena and the Belgian Air Force would remain in Haren-Evere until the early 1950s, which is when all aircraft handling activities were ceased.
Aftermath
In the 1950s, all the runways were broken up and the airport terrain was subsequently divided and used for new roads, office blocks, military terrain and smaller residential sections.
In 1961 Belgium began using the former air terminal at Haren as its Tactical Air Forces headquarters, also called King Albert barracks. To the south of that, across the expressway Leopold III Boulevard, another military domain, called Queen Elisabeth Quarter, was set up, hosting the headquarters of the Belgian Army command. In 1967, NATO moved its headquarters at Brussels (Haren) to a section of this southern portion of the former airfield terrain, after a hasty departure from Paris caused by the withdrawal of France from under NATO's military command structure.
In 2002 the Belgian Government offered much of King Albert barracks to NATO, for relocation and building of a new headquarters complex always on Haren (Brussels), which is slated to complete in 2016.
References
External links
Belgian website
Historical approach and aerodrome charts for Haren
Defunct airports in Belgium
Belgian airbases
World War II airfields in Belgium
Airports established in 1914
Airports in Brussels
City of Brussels
Udo Proksch (29 May 1934 in Rostock, Germany – 27 June 2001 in Graz, Austria) was an Austrian business person and industrialist. In 1991, they were convicted of the murder of six people as part of a major insurance fraud. Proksch died in prison.
Lucona sinking
In 1977, the ship Lucona sank in the Indian Ocean, after an explosion, killing six people. Proksch, the owner of the cargo, also then owner of famous Viennese confectioners' Demel, claimed US$20 million from their insurance company, saying that the ship was carrying expensive uranium mining equipment. Fraud was suspected; but investigations were obstructed by powerful Austrian politicians who were friends of Proksch.
In 1988, Proksch fled to the Philippines after Hans Pretterebner published a book about the scandal.
In 1989, they returned to Vienna, incognito, but was recognized and arrested. In 1990, Lucona was located by American shipwreck hunter David Mearns, who discovered that the ship had been sunk by a time bomb.
On March 11, 1991, Proksch was sentenced to 20 years in prison. A year later, the sentence was increased to a lifelong term in prison. Several ex-Ministers were also eventually convicted over their involvement. The ex-Minister of Foreign Affairs was sentenced for forging documents authenticating the cargo. Two other Ministers were dismissed for obstructing the investigations. The Minister of Defense Karl Lütgendorf, a shareholder in the Proksch firm, had given permission to deliver explosives to sabotage the ship and committed suicide when that became clear.
Proksch died on 27 June 2001, during heart surgery.
Proksch was the first husband of the actor Daphne Wagner, daughter of Wieland Wagner, great-granddaughter of the composer Richard Wagner and great-great-granddaughter of Franz Liszt.
Works about Proksch and the Lucona case
1988: Hans Pretterebner publishes a book about the Lucona case, Der Fall Lucona.
1993: , a film about the Lucona case (starring David Suchet).
2004: The art group monochrom stages Udo 77, a musical about the life of Udo Proksch.
2010: A documentary about Proksch, entitled Udo Proksch: Out of Control and directed by Robert Dornhelm is released.
See also
Proksch
Notes and references
External links
Netcyclo: Austrian history 1983 onwards
IMDb entry about 'Der Fall Lucona'
Homepage of 'Udo 77' (German language)
1934 births
2001 deaths
Wagner family
Austrian mass murderers
Austrian people who died in prison custody
Austrian prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Bombers (people)
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Austria
Prisoners who died in Austrian detention
Austrian people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Austria
Austrian people of German descent
People from Rostock
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1586.
Events
September 19 – The English poet Chidiock Tichborne, imprisoned in the Tower of London on the eve of being hanged, drawn and quartered for their part in the Babington Plot, writes their Elegy ("My prime of youth is but a frost of cares").
September 22 – The English poet, critic, courtier and soldier Sir Philip Sidney is fatally wounded at the Battle of Zutphen.
unknown dates
Francis Bacon takes a new seat as MP in the Parliament of England, that of Taunton.
Oxford University Press is recognised in a decree of the Star Chamber in England.
New books
Prose
Caesar Baronius – Roman martyrology (new edition)
William Camden – Britannia (in Latin)
Dirck Volckertszoon Coornhert – Zedekunst (Art of Ethics)
Angel Day – The English Secretary
Robert Greene – Morando, the Tritameron of Love (part 2)
John Knox – Historie of the Reformatioun of Religioun within the Realms of Scotland
John Lyly – Pappe with an hatchet, alias a figge for my Godsonne
Jerónimo Osório – De rebus Emmanuelis
George Puttenham (attributed) – The Arte of English Poesie
Luis Barahona de Soto – Primera parte de la Angélica
George Whetstone – English Myrror
Drama
Anonymous – Locrine (estimated year of writing)
Miguel de Cervantes (attributed) – La conquista de Jerusalén por Godofre de Bullón (first recorded performance)
Christopher Marlowe and Thomas Nashe – Dido, Queen of Carthage (estimated year of writing)
Poetry
Luis Barahona de Soto – Primera parte de la Angélica
William Warner – Albion's England
See also 1586 in poetry
Births
April 12 (bapt.) – John Ford, English dramatist (died c. 1639)
Unknown dates
Antony Hickey, Irish Franciscan theologian (died 1641)
Francisco de Moncada, Spanish diplomat, soldier and historian (died 1635)
Lady Mary Wroth, English poet (died c. 1651)
Deaths
March 20 – Richard Maitland, Scottish statesman and historian (born 1496)
April 8 – Martin Chemnitz, German Lutheran theologian (born 1522)
June 1 – Martín de Azpilcueta, Spanish theologian (born 1491)
June 28 – Primož Trubar, author of first printed book in Slovene (born 1508)
August 1 – Richard Maitland, Scottish poet (born 1496)
September 20 – Chidiock Tichborne, English poet and conspirator (executed, born 1558)
October 17 – Sir Philip Sidney, English poet and critic (of wounds, born 1554)
Unknown dates
Antonio Agustín y Albanell, Spanish historian (born 1516)
Birbal, Indian poet and wit (born 1528)
Giulio Cesare Brancaccio, Italian writer and entertainer (born 1515)
Sur (Surdas), Hindu devotional poet (born between 1478 and 1483)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Hexagon Theatre is a theatre complex that is part of the University of KwaZulu-Natal, Pietermaritzburg campus.
Notes
References
External links
Hexagon Theatre, University of KwaZulu-Natal
Buildings and structures in KwaZulu-Natal
Tourist attractions in KwaZulu-Natal
Southgate Mall may refer to:
United States
Southgate Shopping Center in Southgate, Michigan
Westfield Southgate, formerly Southgate Plaza, in Sarasota, Florida
Southgate Mall (Elizabeth City) in Elizabeth City, North Carolina
Southgate Mall (Missoula) in Missoula, Montana
Southgate Mall (Muscle Shoals) in Muscle Shoals, Alabama
Canada
Southgate Centre in Edmonton, Alberta
South Africa
Southgate Shopping Centre in Johannesburg
Battery Tower was the name of a proposed initial unit of a $50,000,000 1929 residential development on West Street in the Financial District of Manhattan, New York City, near Battery Park. It would have been the first hotel-apartment completed in the Financial District. It became one of a number of skyscraper projects left unfinished. Battery Park City was built on the site of the proposed development, nearly six decades later.
History of the proposed site
During the first half of the 19th century this locale, bounded by Battery Place, Liberty Street, West Street, Greenwich Street, Carlisle Street, Washington Street, Morris Street, Albany Street, Rector Street, and Cedar Street, was primarily taken up by private residences. In the early years of the 19th century the larger theaters were downtown, notably one on Park Row. Battery Park was a public walkway for the wealthy of the era. The older buildings in the region, which became tenements, still retained vestiges of the appearance which were earmarks of their original high estate. Such features were American colonial architecture doorways and interiors, along with window lintels and cornices. These details were indicative of construction in the distant past.
Architectural design
Thompson & Churchill, architects, drew the plans for the envisioned building. One of them, Henry S. Churchill, commented about the emphasis on mass in the construction of the edifice, to the exclusion of superficialities. Its flat surfaces would be embellished by the inclusion of exterior color contrasts. The plans designated six lower floors for stores and offices and the upper thirty-five for residential living space. This schematic would enable the lowest level apartments, on the seventh floor, to be comparatively free from street noises. A number of terraces were planned to overlook the Hudson River. Stores and offices would have separate entrances and elevators.
Aside from business space the apartment hotel was to offer 428 suites and 255 bachelor rooms. Suites would range in size from one-room bachelor apartments to four rooms and two baths. A ten-room suite with terraces would occupy the entire fortieth floor. Each of the suites would have radio outlets and some would have fireplaces. Amenities would include handball courts, a swimming pool and gymnasium in the basement, a solarium, and sun terraces. The building was to have a total of fifty two terraces.
Battery Tower was to be constructed entirely of brick and steel. The bricks would be in four shades of buff and two in red. They would be arranged in vertical lines to produce a captivating effect. Battery Tower would have been high on a plot of . The main portion of the building was to be centered on West Street and would have been twenty stories high. The design allocated per floor in the tower, which would have been situated on the exact center of the plot. The penthouse apartment was designated to house machinery. Its inclusion made for a total of forty-three stories in height. The penthouse was conceived to be constructed of white brick with a gold cap of terra cotta. It would have been illuminated at night.
Ownership
The forty-story structure, an apartment hotel, was initiated by Downtown Homes, Inc. at a cost of $10,000,000, starting in 1929. The J.H. Taylor Construction Company and Downtown Homes, Inc., were organized by a syndicate which was controlled by General Realty and Utilities Corporation. By October 1929 the syndicate acquired of ground for the building of a group of apartment hotels at the center of an old tenement district. The Gening Company and A.M. Bing & Son interests also became involved in the project's completion.
Excavation
Wrecking operations on the site began on August 12, 1929 according to Albert Mayer, president of Downtown Homes, Inc. The Greenhouse Company, Inc., removed four-story structures which were on the site, 32 to 42 West Street, through to 56 to 66 Washington Street. Demolition was completed over a twenty-five-day span, followed by soundings, and construction work. A five story building and a group of tenements at 56 to 58 Washington Street through to 32 to 43 West Street were razed.
The J.H. Taylor Construction Company began sinking foundations with a target date of fall 1930 for complete occupancy. Interlocking steel sheeting was employed in a new foundation process used on Battery Tower. This prevented water seepage. Excavation work was carried out by Moran & Proctor, engineers. They excavated entirely to the bedrock rather than using the normal procedure of digging to a partial depth and then sinking caissons to bedrock. Construction was hampered by difficult digging which had to penetrate crib pier remnants, and old docks, known to be beneath the site. Sinking of a pile foundation, needed for the West Side Elevated Highway, was halted in the first week of December 1929. This occurred when workers ran into forty feet of old bulkheads, sunken docks, and ships.
Ambitious architectural era
A February 1930 Syracuse Herald-Journal article contained an architect's drawing of Battery Tower. The caption read still another skyscraper will be added to the famous group at the lower end of Manhattan Island. It was pictured alongside artistic renditions of the Chrysler Building and a Francis S. Swales' sketch of a group of skyscrapers which were envisioned to arise
in the Municipal Center of New York. The years 1929 - 1930 were replete with new development ideas. Louis Adler aspired to construct a 105 story building at 80 Wall Street. Cities Service official Henry Latham Doherty acquired $3 million and
worth of real estate in the mid-1920s at the lower tip of Manhattan, around Battery Park. They considered spending close to $100,000,000 to build an independent business center for shipping and foreign interests. They conceived of a Battery Park dominated
by two pyramidal skyscrapers and topped by the Cities Service logo.
References
Financial District, Manhattan
Defunct buildings and structures in Manhattan
Proposed buildings and structures in New York City
Proposed skyscrapers in the United States
Skyscrapers in Manhattan
Unbuilt buildings and structures in New York City
West Side Highway
"The Star Money" or "The Star Talers" () is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm in Grimm's Fairy Tales.
It is Aarne-Thompson type 779, Divine Rewards and Punishments.
Synopsis
A goodhearted orphan girl named Amelia has only their clothing and a loaf of bread that a kind soul has given them They go out into the countryside to see what might happen. They give a hungry beggar their bread, and to three cold children they give their winter hat, their jacket, and their dress. After wandering into a forest, they see a naked child begging for a shift (long undergarment), and since it is dark and they cannot be seen, they give their own away. As they stand there with nothing left at all, suddenly stars fall to earth before her, transforming into talers (silver coins), and they find themselves wearing a new dress of the finest linen. The story ends with them being rich.
Other adaptations
There is another known version of this tale. It tells of a beautiful young girl named Natalie whose parents have fallen ill.  They are sent to find a doctor, and meets many begging people along the way. They give away everything but their shift, and when in the forest they meet yet another begging child asking for their shift. Natalie strips naked and gives their shift away, and then ends up spending three days and nights in the forest. On the fourth day, they are swimming in the lake and is greeted by their guardian angel, who tells them soon their generosity shall be rewarded. With that they leave a towel and a clean set of clothing for Natalie. After Natalie dries themselves and dresses again, the guardian angel sends stars falling from the sky before her, proven to be silver talers. Natalie gathers them up and after heading back to the village, they pay the doctor, and all goes well for their family, now that they are wealthy.
References
External links
The Star Money at Project Gutenberg (as translated by Margaret Hunt)
Star Money
ATU 750-849
Platte Valley Airpark is a public-use airport three miles northwest of Hudson, in Weld County, Colorado, United States. It is privately owned by Platte Valley Airpark Ltd. and is northeast of Denver.
Facilities
Platte Valley Airpark covers and has two runways:
15/33: 4,100 x 40 ft (1,250 x 12 m): asphalt
9/27: 2,500 x 90 ft (762 x 27 m): turf/gravel
In 2005 the airport had 4,100 aircraft operations, average 11 per day: 98% general aviation and 2% military. 78 aircraft are based at this airport: 96% single engine and 4% multi-engine.
Data
Navigation
VOR 114.7 (MILE HIGH) .... GPS no .... ILS no
Runway
Lights MIRL .... VGSI none .... App Lgts none .... Taxiway dirt soft when wet
Communication
CTAF/UNICOM 122.9 .... Lights 122.9 and 5 clicks
Contact information
Facility manager phone 303-536-0380
Services
TSNT Storage hangars and tiedowns
Fuel 100LL, MOGAS, and self-service, 24-hour credit card
Public phone and computerized WX planning in FBO
Aircraft and hangar rentals
Instructional services
Accidents and incidents
On September 18, 2022, a Sonex airplane that took off from the air-park with one person, its pilot, collided in Boulder County with a Cessna 172 that had taken off from the Rocky Mountain Airport with two persons on board, its pilot in-training and a teacher pilot. Both airplanes crashed and were destroyed on impact, killing all three people on board them.
See also
Vintage Aero Flying Museum
Local Commemorative Air Force unit
References
2007-2008 Colorado Airport Directory, Colorado Division of Aeronautics, CDOT, 5126 Front Range Parkway, Watkins, Colorado, 80137
External links
Platte Valley Airpark (18V) at Colorado DOT airport directory
Airports in Colorado
Transportation buildings and structures in Weld County, Colorado
The Arktisch-Alpiner Garten der Walter-Meusel-Stiftung (2,800 m²) is a nonprofit botanical garden specializing in arctic and alpine plants. It is maintained by the Walter Meusel Foundation at Schmidt-Rottluff-Straße 90, Chemnitz, Saxony, Germany, and open daily except Sunday.
The Arctic-Alpine Garden was founded in 1956 by Walter Meusel, a musician, composer, and author of zoological and botanical books. After their death in 1990, the Walter Meusel Foundation has continued to preserve the garden and perform botanical research and conservation.
Today the garden contains approximately 6,000 plant species with a focus on cold and mountainous regions. It maintains notable collections of willows (Salix), Ericaceae, ferns (Pteridophyta) and mountain plants of New Zealand, as well as good collections of Saxifragaceae and plants from the Himalayas, East Asia, the Caucasus, North and South America, the Alps, and several European low mountain ranges.
See also
Botanischer Garten Chemnitz
List of botanical gardens in Germany
External links
Arktisch-Alpiner Garten der Walter-Meusel-Stiftung
Arktisch-alpine Gärten in Europa
Natural History Museums in Germany
Botanical gardens in Germany
Gardens in Saxony
Aeroflot Flight N-63 was a flight which crashed killing 48 people in Ukraine in 1971.
It was a scheduled Antonov An-24 flight on 12 November 1971 from Kiev-Zhulhyany Airport in Ukraine to Vinnitsa Airport in Ukraine. The flight proceeded routinely through takeoff and cruise, but started to enter trouble when on final approach due to the bad weather; this included freezing rain with fog and low clouds. The first landing attempt was aborted. The pilots attempted a second approach, but couldn't land and initiated a go-around. During the go-around, the aircraft went nose-high and stalled before crashing short of the threshold. All 48 passengers and crew onboard were killed. The aircraft had been operating for 10,658 flight cycles and had a total of 11,329 flight hours.
References
Aviation accidents and incidents in the Soviet Union
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1971
Accidents and incidents involving the Antonov An-24
N-63
November 1971 events in Europe
Aviation accidents and incidents caused by loss of control
1971 in the Soviet Union
The 2012 Ligas Departamentales, the fifth division of Peruvian football (soccer), was played by variable number teams by Departament.
Liga Departamental de Amazonas
First stage
Second stage
Group A
Group B
Final
Liga Departamental de Ancash
First stage
Second stage
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Liga Departamental de Apurímac
First stage
Second stage
Final stage
Liga Departamental de Arequipa
First stage
Second stage
Final stage
Liga Departamental de Ayacucho
First stage
Second stage
Third stage
Semifinals
Final
Liga Departamental de Cajamarca
First stage
Second stage
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Liga Departamental del Callao
First stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Tiebreaker
Second stage
Semifinals
Liga Departamental de Cusco
First stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Liga Departamental de Huancavelica
First stage
Second stage
Group A
Group B
Semifinals
Final
Liga Departamental de Huánuco
First stage
Second stage
Third stage
Group A
Group B
Final
Liga Departamental de Ica
First stage
Second stage
Semifinals
Final
Liga Departamental de Junín
First stage
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Final stage
Liga Departamental de La Libertad
First stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Liga Departamental de Lambayeque
First stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Semifinals
Final
Liga Departamental de Lima
First stage
Second stage
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Liga Departamental de Loreto
First stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Extra matches
Final stage
Liga Departamental de Madre de Dios
First stage
Second stage
Liga Departamental de Moquegua
First stage
Final
Second Place
Liga Departamental de Pasco
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Liga Departamental de Piura
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Liga Departamental de Puno
First stage
Second stage
Third stage
Group A
Extra match
Group B
Final stage
Liga Departamental de San Martín
First stage
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Second stage
Group A
Group B
Liga Departamental de Tacna
First stage
Group A
Group B
Semifinals
Final
Liga Departamental de Tumbes
Standings
Liga Departamental de Ucayali
First stage
Second stage
Final stage
External links
DeChalaca.com - copaperu.pe la información más completa del "fútbol macho" en todo el Perú
2012
5
Jana Milčinski (born Jana Podkrajšek) (5 December 1920 – 13 April 2007) was a Slovene writer, journalist and translator.
They won the Levstik Award in 1986 for their popular science book Lukec dobi sestrico (Lukec Gets a Sister). They wrote a number of other stories and children's books, many with themes from the Second World War in Yugoslavia.
They were married to the poet and satirist Frane Milčinski Ježek.
Selected works
Pravljice za danes in jutri (Stories for today and Tomorrow), 1992
To si ti, Nina (That Is You, Nina), 1988
Danes, ko postajam pionir, pionirka (Today As I Become a Pioneer), 1988
Matiček in Maja včeraj, danes, jutri in vsak dan (Matiček and Maja Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow and Every Day), 1986
Lukec dobi sestrico (Lukec Gets a Sister), 1986
Pisane zgodbe (Diverse Tales), 1976
Zakaj sta Matiček in Maja zamudila pouk (Why Matiček and Maja Missed Class), 1972
References
1920 births
2007 deaths
Slovenian translators
Slovenian journalists
Slovenian women journalists
Levstik Award laureates
Writers from Ljubljana
20th-century translators
20th-century Slovenian women writers
20th-century journalists
Yugoslav translators
Yugoslav journalists
Tazieff Rocks () is a nunatak in Antarctica 0.8 nautical miles (1.5 km) southeast of Micou Point, Ross Island. It rises to c. at the south end of Endeavour Piedmont Glacier. At the suggestion of P.R. Kyle, it is named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Haroun Tazieff (d.), a renowned French volcanologist who worked at Mount Erebus with several groups of French scientists in three field seasons between 1973 and 1979.
Nunataks of Ross Island
Jindřichov may refer to places in the Czech Republic:
Jindřichov (Bruntál District), a municipality and village in the Moravian-Silesian Region
Jindřichov (Přerov District), a municipality and village in the Olomouc Region
Jindřichov (Šumperk District), a municipality and village in the Olomouc Region
Jindřichov, a village and part of Cheb in the Karlovy Vary Region
Jindřichov (Lučany nad Nisou), a village and part of Lučany nad Nisou in the Liberec Region
Jindřichov, a village and part of Velká Bíteš in the Vysočina Region
See also
Jindřichovice (disambiguation)
David Barton (December 14, 1783September 28, 1837) was one of the first U.S. senators from Missouri, serving 1821–1831.
Barton was born near Greeneville, Tennessee, then part of North Carolina. They moved to St. Louis in 1809. In 1812, they joined Nathan Boone's company of mounted rangers. Later stints with the rangers helped to make Barton popular in the region.
They became a major political presence in early Missouri, serving as attorney general, president of the state's constitutional convention, speaker of the Missouri territorial House of Representatives, and as one of its first pair of U.S. Senators. Barton County, Missouri is named for him.
They were the brother of Joshua Barton, the first Missouri Secretary of State. David opposed the reappointment of William Rector to the Office of Surveyor General for Missouri, Illinois and Arkansas, saying that Rector was using their relatives for surveying positions and paying them too much while Rector was surveying the Louisiana Purchase. Joshua published the charges in the St. Louis Republican under the signature of "Philo." Rector's brother Thomas Rector challenged Joshua to a duel in 1823 on Bloody Island (Mississippi River) and killed Joshua. President James Monroe did not reappoint Rector.
Barton switched parties three times in their political life. They were first elected as a Democratic-Republican; they then switched to an Adams Democrat for their re-election in 1825. When they ran for the Senate again in 1830 they switched to being an Anti-Jacksonian candidate. In the Senate, they served as chairperson of the committee on public lands. They were a member of the Missouri State Senate in 1834-1835.
References
External links
1783 births
1837 deaths
People from Greeneville, Tennessee
American people of Irish descent
Missouri Democratic-Republicans
Missouri National Republicans
Democratic-Republican Party United States senators from Missouri
National Republican Party United States senators from Missouri
Missouri state senators
Intelsat 29e, also known as IS-29e was a high throughput (HTS) geostationary communications satellite designed and manufactured by Boeing Satellite Development Center on the BSS 702MP satellite bus. It is the first satellite of the EpicNG service, and covers North America and Latin America from the 50° West longitude, where it replaced Intelsat 1R. It also replaced Intelsat 805 which was moved from 56.5° West to 169° East. It has a mixed C-band, Ku-band and Ka-band payload with all bands featuring wide and the Ku- also featuring spot beams.
Satellite description
The spacecraft was designed and manufactured by Boeing Satellite Development Center on the Boeing 702MP satellite bus. It has a launch mass of and a design life of more than 15 years. When stowed for launch, the satellite measures .
It is powered by two wings, with four solar panels each, of triple-junction GaAs solar cells, that span when deployed. Intelsat 29e can generate 15.8 kW at the end of its expected life and has four Li-ion batteries.
This three axis stabilized platform has a bi-propellant propulsion system using Nitrogen tetroxide (NTO) / N2O4. It has a liquid apogee engine for orbit raising and and thrusters for station keeping. The propellant tanks hold approximately of N2O4 and of NTO. This new series of geosynchronous satellites lack an Earth Sensor, and thus enter Earth pointing attitude based on the orbital position as determined by the star tracker.
Its payload is the first high throughput EpicNG deployment, of the six planned as of January 2016. The EpicNG is characterized by the implementation of frequency reuse due to a mix of frequency and polarization in small spot beams. Not only applied to the classical High-throughput satellite Ka-band, but also applying the same technique in Ku-band and C-band. The EpicNG series also keep the use of wide beams to offer high throughput and broadcast capabilities in the same satellite.
The payload is designed and manufactured by Boeing based on the work of the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) constellation. It most innovative feature of this fully digital payload, is that it enables to dynamically link two sites through a single satellite without needing to go through a ground station.
In the case of Intelsat-29e, the C-band side has 14 physical transponders with a bandwidth 864 MHz Ku- or 24 transponder equivalent. It covers South America in a wide beam. The Ku-band has physical 56 transponders (249 transponder equivalent) for a total bandwidth of 9,395 MHz. The Ku- spot beams cover the Americas and the North Atlantic route, while a wide beam can broadcast to North America and North Atlantic. The Ka-band payload has 450 MHz of bandwidth on a global beam centered at its position.
History
In July 2009, Intelsat became the first customer of the Boeing 702MP platform, when it placed an order for four spacecraft, Intelsat 21, Intelsat 22, Intelsat 27 and what would become Intelsat 29e.
On 7 June 2012, Intelsat announced the EpicNG platform. It would improve available bandwidth due to the use of frequency reuse and polarization and feature spot and wide beams, enabling high bandwidth and broadcast applications on a backward compatible way. The first two satellites would be Intelsat 29e and Intelsat 33e. On 4 September 2012, Intelsat and Boeing announced that Intelsat 29e, the first EpicNG satellite, would be made by Boeing on the 702MP platform, completing the 2009 order of four such satellites.
In May 2013, Intelsat ordered a further four 702MP-based EpicNG satellites, Intelsat 32e, Intelsat 33e and two as of August 2016 unnamed spacecraft. And in July 2014, a sixth Epic was ordered, Intelsat 35e. During 2013, Intelsat signed a contract to launch Intelsat 29e aboard an Ariane 5. Brian Sing, was assigned as Senior Program Manager for the launch aboard the rocket.
During June 2015, the payload was integrated and went through testing. First it was deployed and stowed back, then it went through sound environment and vibration testing, and finally deployment was tested again. On 14 July 2015, the payload integration to the satellite bus and its non-environmental testing was completed. It would then go through the environmental testing campaign which would start with thermal vacuum chamber tests. It is a Boeing design based on the work of the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) constellation. On 10 December 2015, Intelsat announced that the launch date for Intelsat 29e had been set for 27 January 2016.
After four years of project development, Intelsat 29e arrived to the launch site aboard an Antonov 124 on 11 December 2015. At the site's Payload Processing Facility (PPF), Boeing technicians unpackaged the spacecraft and associated equipment and performed a quick fit check. On the second weeks of January 2016, the satellite was fueled and installed in the rocket payload adapter. By 21 January 2016, the spacecraft had been moved to the Final Assembly Building where it was mated to the launcher rocket. On 26 January 2016, all checks were completed and the launch review for the next day was completed.
On 27 January 2016, at 23:20 UTC, an Ariane 5 ECA launched from the ELA-3 launch pad at the Centre Spatial Guyanais. Intelsat 29e, its only passenger, separated 30 minutes later, and the satellite first signals were received shortly afterwards by the Kumsan, South Korea, ground station. The next two days were spent evaluating the health of the satellite and determining the exact orbit, then a series of nine orbital maneuvers to raise the perigee to were started. This orbit circularization would consume approximately of propellant.
When it reached its test position at 49.7° West, it deployed its antennas and solar panels. In a 28 March 2016, it was announced that Intelsat 29e had successfully passed the 30-day payload in-orbit testing (PIOT) and was undergoing the first performance testing with an anchor customer. It had been particularly challenging because it was the first digital configurable payload for Intelsat, and they had to also test the ground segment for the first time.
On 7 April 2019, the propulsion system of Intelsat 29e developed a fuel leak. Service to customers was interrupted, and communication with the satellite intermittent. On 8 April 2019, the ground telescopes of ExoAnalytic Solutions spotted debris around Intelsat 29e. IS-29e is currently tumbling and drifting to the East. Intelsat issued a statement declaring the satellite a total loss on 18 April 2019.
References
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellites using the BSS-702 bus
Spacecraft launched in 2016
Intelsat satellites
The 2019–20 Louisiana–Monroe women's basketball team represented the University of Louisiana at Monroe in the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Warhawks, led by first year head coach Brooks Donald-Williams, played their home games at Fant–Ewing Coliseum and were members of the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 3–26, 1–17 in Sun Belt play to finish in dead-last twelfth place. They failed to qualify for the Sun Belt Women's Tournament.
This was Donald-Williams' first season at the helm of the Warhawks teams following the firing of Jeff Dow in March 2019. They came to Louisiana–Monroe after assistant stints at Alabama, Southern Miss, Memphis, and Arkansas–Little Rock and a nine-year stint at the helm of McNeese State's program including four 20+ win seasons, two conference tournament championships, and one regular season championship at McNeese.
Preseason
Sun Belt coaches poll
On October 30, 2019, the Sun Belt released their preseason coaches poll with the Chanticleers predicted to finish in seventh place in the conference.
Sun Belt Preseason All-Conference team
No Louisiana–Monroe members were chosen to the preseason team.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Sun Belt regular season
See also
2019–20 Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks men's basketball team
References
External links
Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks women's basketball seasons
Louisiana-Monroe
The Women's 200 metre backstroke competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 16 and 17 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
The heats were held on 16 May at 11:28.
Heats
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 16 May at 18:52.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 17 May at 19:09.
References
Women's 200 metre backstroke
2016 in women's swimming
The "Transit of Venus March" is a march scored for military brass band written by John Philip Sousa in 1883 to celebrate the 1882 Transit of Venus and published by the J.W. Pepper Company. The work was erroneously thought to be lost for over 100 years when a piano transcription published in 1896 was found by a Library of Congress employee in 2003. Copies of the original Pepper publication, however, do survive.
Background
One year after the 1882 Transit of Venus, Sousa was commissioned to compose a processional for the unveiling of a bronze statue of American physicist Joseph Henry, who had died in 1878. Henry, who had developed the first electric motor, was also the first secretary of the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C.
A Freemason, Sousa was fascinated by what the group considered mystical qualities in otherwise natural phenomena. According to Sten Odenwald of the NASA IMAGE Science Center, this played a significant role in the selection of the time and date of the performance, April 19, 1883, at 4:00 P.M. Dr. Odenwald points out that Venus and Mars, invisible to the participants, were setting in the west. At the same time, the moon, Uranus, and Virgo were rising in the east, Saturn had crossed the meridian, and Jupiter was directly overhead. According to Masonic lore, Venus was associated with the element copper, a component of electric motors.
2003 resurrection
The "Transit of Venus March" never caught on during Sousa's lifetime. It went unplayed for many years, after Sousa's manuscript copies of the music were destroyed in a flood. As reported in The Washington Post, Library of Congress employee Loris J. Schissel found copies of the old sheet music for the "Transit of Venus March" "languishing in the library's files". The piece was resurrected in time for the 2004 Transit of Venus. The piece had been performed on compilation albums before then, but it was the 2004 transit that brought it to wide public attention.
The Library of Congress joined with NASA to celebrate the 2004 transit with this march.
Gallery
People
Transits of Venus
See also
List of marches by John Philip Sousa
Notes
References
External links
Copies of the original march (including all player parts) published by JW Pepper in 1883
Audio recording of the march (performed 2003 by the Virginia Grand Military Band)
Video recording of the 2004 transit of venus, accompanied by the Sousa march, produced by John Walker
Sousa marches
1883 compositions
Transit of Venus
Diandrocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Diandrocarpa include:
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Diandrocarpa botryllopsis Van Name, 1902: synonym of Symplegma viride Herdman, 1886
Diandrocarpa brakenhielmi Michaelsen, 1904: synonym of Symplegma brakenhielmi (Michaelsen, 1904)
Diandrocarpa okai Redikorzev, 1916: synonym of Kukenthalia borealis (Gottschaldt, 1894)
Diandrocarpa stuhlmanni Michaelsen, 1904: synonym of Symplegma stuhlmanni (Michaelsen, 1904)
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Lluís Claramunt (Barcelona, August 19, 1951 - Zarautz, December 18, 2000) was a Catalan artist.
Biography
A self-taught artist, Claramunt belongs to a generation that tried to be of its time without belonging to it. The start of their career in the 1970s coincided with the emergence of a more politicised approach to art to which most of their contemporaries subscribed, at a time when Barcelona was teeming with experimental initiatives in the spheres of art, literature and film, as well as underground subcultures.
During this period, Claramunt swam against the tide, focusing on painting rather than looking to the avant-gardes for inspiration. The finishes of naturalist painting, and in particular the work of Isidre Nonell, became the first rung of the ladder that Claramunt would build in the course of their life. The subject matter and style of their work gradually changed as Claramunt physically and socially distanced themselves from Barcelona.
Solo exhibits list
1971 - Taller de Picasso, Barcelona
1972 - Galería Fulmen, Sevilla
1972 - Tur Social, Alicante
1972 - Peña Flamenca Enrique Morente, Barcelona
1973 - Taller de Picasso, Barcelona
1976 - Galeria Dau al Set, Barcelona
1979 - Galeria Dau al Set, Barcelona
1982 - 15 anys de pintura. Galeria Dau al Set, Barcelona
1984 - Galeria 4 Gats, Palma
1984 - ARCO 84, estand Galeria Quatre Gats, Madrid
1984 - Galería Buades, Madrid
1985 - Galería Fúcares, Almagro, Ciudad Real
1985 - Galeria Dau al Set, Barcelona
1985 - Galería Magda Bellotti, Algeciras, Cádiz
1985 - Galería La Máquina Española, Sevilla
1986 - ARCO 86, estand Galería Dau al Set, Madrid
1986 - Museo de Arte Contemporáneo, Sevilla
1987 - Galeria Sebastià Petit, Lleida
1987 - Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Madrid
1987 - 1983-1986 Pinturas. Palau Sollerich, Palma de Mallorca
1987 - ARCO 87, estand Galeria Dau al Set, Madrid
1987 - Galería Magda Bellotti, Algeciras, Cádiz
1987 - Galería Rafael Ortiz, Sevilla
1988 - ARCO 88, estand Galería Magda Bellotti, Madrid
1988 - Axe Art Actuel, Toulouse
1988 - Toro de invierno. Ateneu Mercantil, València
1988 - Galeria Ferran Cano, Palma de Mallorca
1989 - Galerie Bleich-Rossi, Graz (Austria)
1989 - Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Madrid
1989 - Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Sevilla
1989 - Gallery July Silvester, New York
1991 - Galeria Ferran Cano, Palma de Mallorca
1991 - Galerie Bleich-Rossi, Graz (Àustria)
1991 - Galeria Temple, València
1991 - Aschenbach Galerie, Amsterdam
1991 - Galeria Màcula, Alacant
1992 - La muela de oro. Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Madrid
1992 - Paisaje. Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Sevilla
1993 - Valderrobres. Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Madrid
1993 - Valderrobres. Museu Nacional de História Natural, Lisboa
1993 - Luis Claramunt. Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Sevilla
1994 - Luis Claramunt. Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Sevilla
1994 - Ölbilder. Galerie Bleich-Rossi, Graz (Àustria)
1994 - Tentadero. Galería Tomás March, València
1995 - Galería Antonio de Barnola, Barcelona
1995 - Caja Rural de Huesca, Saragossa
1996 - Dibujos. Galería Antonio de Barnola, Barcelona
1996 - Espai Sarrià, Barcelona
1997 - Congo money. Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Sevilla
1997 - Luis Claramunt. Galerie Bleich-Rossi, Graz (Àustria)
1997 - Galeria Antonio de Barnola, Barcelona
1998 - Luis Claramunt. Galerie Bleich-Rossi, Graz (Àustria)
1998 - Galeria Antonio de Barnola, Barcelona
1999 - Naufragios y tormentas. Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Madrid
2000 - Naufragios y tormentas. Galería Miguel Marcos, Barcelona
2000 - Naufragios y tormentas. Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Sevilla
2002 - … de Marruecos. Galería Juana de Aizpuru, Madrid
2009 - Marruecos. Festival Mar de Músicas, Palacio Viuda de Molina, Cartagena
2012 - El viatge vertical. Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona, Barcelona
References
External links
Official website
Claramunt exhibit at MACBA
Artists from Catalonia
People from Barcelona
1951 births
2000 deaths
Crawford County (county code CR) is a county located in Southeast Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 38,972. Its county seat is Girard, and its most populous city is Pittsburg. The county was named in honor of Samuel J. Crawford, Governor of Kansas.
Located in the Osage Cuestas and Cherokee Lowlands, it lies halfway between Kansas City, Missouri and Tulsa, Oklahoma. Crawford County, and much of southeast Kansas, was founded on coal mining, the Pittsburg-Weir Coalfield being located here, and is still known for mining today. Pittsburg State University is located in Crawford County.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the British defeated France in the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the former New France land west of the Mississippi to France, but kept title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, the United States acquired much of the West and most of the land for modern-day Kansas as part of the 828,000-square mile Louisiana Purchase, at a cost of 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, and in 1861 Kansas was admitted as the 34th U.S. state. The preceding years had been filled with violence as settlers arrived on both sides of the slavery question; the residents voting for Kansas to enter as a free state were the majority. In 1867, Crawford County was established (formed from Bourbon and Cherokee counties). It is named for Samuel J. Crawford, who was the governor in office at the time.
20th century
In the early 20th century, Crawford County was often referred to as the "Little Balkans", because of the many immigrants who came here from that area of Europe. They came to work in the mines, industrial work that did not require much English in the beginning. This area was the site of a number of illegal bootlegging operations, most of which were organized by immigrants in order to supplement their meager earnings as strip miners. During their term, Governor Walter R. Stubbs of Kansas made it their mission to stamp out this practice. According to the criminal justice scholar Ken Peak, "The [Little] Balkans drove [Stubbs] absolutely nuts. They had their hands full and sent people down to the Balkans to clean it up". Despite this crack down, however, the governor was unable to eradicate the crime completely from the area.
21st century
On Sunday, May 4, 2003, a violent F4 tornado touched down in western Crawford County, several miles west of Frontenac at around 4:40 p.m. The tornado remained on the ground throughout Crawford County until it entered neighboring Barton County, Missouri—traveling a total of and ending near Liberal, Missouri. The towns of Ringo, Franklin, and Mulberry, all in Crawford County, were devastated. The tornado cut a path of destruction roughly one quarter mile wide. Several F4 tornadoes hit Kansas, Missouri, and several other states that day, including the Kansas City metropolitan area. Six deaths were reported in Kansas, and Governor Sebelius declared much of eastern and southeastern Kansas a disaster area, including Crawford County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Bourbon County (north)
Vernon County, Missouri (northeast)
Barton County, Missouri (east)
Jasper County, Missouri (southeast)
Cherokee County (south)
Labette County (southwest)
Neosho County (west)
Demographics
The Pittsburg Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Crawford County.
As of the 2000 census, there were 38,242 people, 15,504 households, and 9,441 families residing in the county. The population density was 64 people per square mile (25/km2). There were 17,221 housing units at an average density of 29 per square mile (11/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 93.29% White, 1.83% Black or African American, 0.94% Native American, 1.11% Asian, 0.09% Pacific Islander, 1.11% from other races, and 1.63% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.38% of the population. 23.5% were of German, 12.5% American, 10.4% English, 10.2% Irish and 8.6% Italian ancestry according to Census 2000.
There were 15,504 households, out of which 28.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.90% were married couples living together, 9.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.10% were non-families. 30.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.90% under the age of 18, 16.40% from 18 to 24, 25.00% from 25 to 44, 20.20% from 45 to 64, and 15.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 95.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,409, and the median income for a family was $40,582. Males had a median income of $27,881 versus $21,517 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,245. About 9.40% of families and 16.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.00% of those under age 18 and 10.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Unlike most of the counties in the Ozark-Ouachita “Bible Belt”, Crawford County remained competitive in presidential elections until the 2010s. As recently as 2008 it was carried by Barack Obama, being the only county they ever won between the urban limits of Dallas, Little Rock, Denver and Kansas City. However, like all of the region it has shown a strong anti-Democratic trend in recent years, with Hillary Clinton's 34.91% – though more than they achieved in any rural white southern county – being the worst by a Democrat since 1924. Democrat Laura Kelly did, however, win the county in their successful 2018 gubernatorial bid.
In earlier times, Crawford County was a hotbed of left-wing politics, being the nation's second best county for Eugene Debs in 1912, and one of only four where they gained a plurality of votes. It was also Robert M. La Follette's second-best Kansas county in 1924, behind only largely Catholic Ellis County.
Only four presidential elections since have seen Crawford County not back the national winner: 1960, 1988, 2012, and 2020.
Laws
Crawford County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement. The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 1992.
The county voted "No" on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment, an anti-abortion ballot measure, by 55% to 45% despite backing Donald Trump with 60% of the vote to Joe Biden's 40% in the 2020 presidential election.
Education
Unified school districts
Northeast USD 246 - Serves the northeast portion of Crawford County, namely Lincoln and Washington Townships, including the towns of Arcadia, Arma, Cockerall, Camp 50, Franklin, Mulberry and Breezy Hill. Mascot - Vikings Colors - Burgundy and White
Southeast USD 247 - Serves primarily portions of Crawford and Cherokee counties, but also includes small portions of Labette and Neosho counties. The district serves over 450 students in grades Pre-K through 12. Southeast High School (the "Lancers") is located just west of the city of Cherokee (the district office is located in the Cherokee/McCune Township). In Crawford County the district also serves the city of McCune. Mascot - Lancers Colors - Columbia Blue and White
Girard USD 248 - Serves Girard and the Girard Township, including the towns of Farlington, Walnut, Greenbush and Hepler. Mascot - Trojans Colors - Maroon and Yellow/Gold
Frontenac USD 249 - Serves Frontenac and the Frontenac Township, including the towns of Yale, Radley, Ringo and Mindenmines, Missouri. Mascot - Raiders Colors - Black and White/Silver
Pittsburg USD 250 - Serves Pittsburg and the Pittsburg Township, including the towns of Chicopee, Opolis, and Asbury, Missouri. Mascot - Purple Dragons Colors - Purple and White
Private schools
Saint Mary's - Colgan (Web site) is a private Catholic K-12 school located in Pittsburg. Mascot - Panthers Colors - Blue and White
Higher education
Pittsburg State University is located in Pittsburg.
Libraries
Pittsburg Public Library
Girard Public Library
Communities
Cities
Arcadia
Arma
Cherokee
Frontenac
Girard
Hepler
McCune
Mulberry
Pittsburg
Walnut
Unincorporated places
†This populated place is designated a Census-Designated Place (CDP) by the United States Census Bureau.
Beulah
Brazilton
Camp 50
Capaldo
Cato
Chicopee†
Coalvale
Cornell
Croweburg†
Curranville
Dry Wood
Dunkirk
Englevale
Farlington†
Fleming
Foxtown
Franklin†
Fuller
Greenbush
Gross
Kirkwood
Klondike
Kniveton‡
Litchfield
Lone Oak
Midway
Monmouth
Opolis†
Radley†
Red Onion
Ringo†
South Radley
Yale†
Townships
Crawford County is divided into nine townships. The cities of Frontenac, Girard, Mulberry, and Pittsburg are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
A Twentieth century history and biographical record of Crawford County, Kansas; Home Authors; Lewis Publishing Co; 656 pages; 1905.
Plat Book of Crawford County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 54 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Crawford County - Directory of Public Officials
Crawford County - Convention and Visitors Bureau
Historical
Crawford Co. Kansas History and Heritage - Genealogy
Maps
Crawford County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
1867 establishments in Kansas
Kansas counties
Populated places established in 1867
Ballew v. Georgia, 435 U.S. 223 (1978), was a case heard by the United States Supreme Court that held that a Georgia state statute authorizing criminal conviction upon the unanimous vote of a jury of five was unconstitutional. The constitutional minimum size for a jury hearing petty criminal offenses was held to be six.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 435
References
External links
United States Sixth Amendment jury case law
United States Supreme Court cases
1978 in United States case law
Legal history of Georgia (U.S. state)
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
Dłużniów (; ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
German occupation
Before the war, Maks Glazermann, a Jewish engineer from Lwów owned an estate in Dłużniów. During the German occupation they were initially left to run the property. In the summer of 1941, Julek (Joel/Jakób) Brandt, a leader of the Zionist youth movement Betar from Chorzów arranged for several hundred members of the Betar youth movement in the Warsaw Ghetto to work on farms and estates in the area, including Glazermann's in Dłużniów. Among them was Hanka Tauber, a young woman from Warsaw. Them account of what went on in Dłużniów was recorded in the diary of Abraham Lewin. Tauber returned to Warsaw, but most of the Betar youth who remained were killed in the spring of 1942.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Holocaust locations in Poland
The 44th Superflo 12 Hours of Sebring presented by Aurora was an endurance racing sports car event held at Sebring International Raceway from March 13–16, 1996. The race served as the second round of the 1996 IMSA GT Championship.
Race results
Class winners in bold.
External links
Race Results
Car Information
12 Hours of Sebring
12 Hours of Sebring
Sebring
12 Hours of Sebring
12 Hours of Sebring
Johan Thorbjørnsen (born 19 August 1983) is a Norwegian former football goalkeeper.
Career
Born in Bergen, they became Norwegian U20 champion with Brann's junior team in 2002. Thorbjørnsen debuted in Tippeligaen on 11 April 2005 against Molde where they kept a clean sheet. During their years in Brann Thorbjørnsen was the second-choice goalkeeper, usually playing in the first rounds of the Norwegian football cup and whenever Håkon Opdal was injured. In 2007 they played three matches when Brann won Tippeligaen.
They were loaned out to Sandefjord in 2008, but experienced some cardiac problems. In 2009, they were only the third choice goalkeeper behind Håkon Opdal and Kenneth Udjus, and expressed a desire to leave Brann.
On 21 November 2009 they signed for Løv-Ham, where they played for two seasons before they ahead of the 2012-season was one of the first players to sign for the new second division club from Bergen, Fyllingsdalen.
Honours
Norway
Tippeligaen: 2007
Career statistics
Source:
References
1983 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
Løv-Ham Fotball players
Sandefjord Fotball players
SK Brann players
Sportspeople from Bergen
Eliteserien players
Association football goalkeepers
Villa Haux is a villa in the Art Nouveau style built in 1908 by architects Richard Böklen and Carl Feil in the southern German town of Ebingen.
It was built for Kommerzienrat Friedrich Haux (1860–1929), entrepreneur in the local textile industry, between their factory and a railway line crossing the town on a bridge.
Their previous residence and office, built as functional timber-framing house in 1885 on the same place and just decorated neo-baroque in 1898, was relocated across a street.
The new villa was equipped with most modern installations, such as elevator, central heating and central vacuum cleaner.
The Haux family lived in the houses until 1954. Afterwards, the new villa was used for their business and rented to various users. From 1978 it was empty.
In 1991 a new owner started renovating it. Today the Klaiber-Schlegel tax advisor society owns and uses it. Some rooms are available for cultural events.
In the old villa, there was a pharmacy from 1964 until 1991. Since then it is a pub. The railway is abandoned.
References
Peter Thaddäus Lang: Albstadt - Stadt zwischen Bergen und Tälern. S. 7-11, hier: S. 10f. In: Blätter des Schwäbischen Albvereins. 109. Jahrgang. Ausgabe Mai/Juni 3/2003
Gerhard Penck: Die phantastische Geschichte der Villen des Friedrich Haux. Wasmuth-Ernst-Verlag, September 2008.
External links
Buildings and structures in Zollernalbkreis
Art Nouveau architecture in Germany
Houses completed in 1908
Villas in Germany
Art Nouveau houses
1908 establishments in Germany
Memon may refer to:
Ethnic group and language
Memon people, an ethnic group originating in the ancient Sindh (modern day Pakistan)
Memoni language, the language of Memon people historically associated with Kathiawar, Gujarat, India
People with the surname
Abdul Jalil Memon (born 1970), Pakistani agriculturist and politician
Jan Muhammad A. Memon (born 1949), Pakistani medical professional and educationist
Marvi Memon (born 1972), Pakistani politician
Muhammad Umar Memon (born 1939), Pakistani literature scholar, translator, poet, and writer
Nasrullah Memon (born 1978), Pakistani cricketer
Nisar Memon (born 1942), Pakistani politician
Nasir Memon, American computer scientist
Sattar Memon (born 1947), Indian physician and author
Sharjeel Memon, Pakistani politician
Sirajul Haq Memon (1933–2013), Pakistani writer and scholar
Saud Memon (1963–2007), Pakistani business person
Tiger Memon (born 1960), Indian gangster
Yakub Memon (1962–2015), Indian gangster
See also
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip is the debut studio album by American girl group TLC, released on February 25, 1992, by LaFace Records. The title of the album comes from the last line of Left Eye's rap on "Ain't 2 Proud 2 Beg".
The album peaked at number 14 on the US Billboard 200 and has been certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting shipments in excess of four million copies in the United States. It is also TLC's third most successful album (after CrazySexyCool and FanMail, respectively), having sold over six million copies worldwide.
Background
TLC signed their first contract with LaFace Records on February 28, 1991 (amended April 3, 1991, with Thomas), and began production on their debut album. For the album, TLC collaborated with Babyface, L.A. Reid, Dallas Austin, Da Funky Bunch, Jermaine Dupri, and Marley Marl, who helped Lopes with the songwriting. Production finished in December 1991.
Critical reception
Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly praised the effort as well as the group and its message, calling TLC "a perfect pop group for the times." In a fairly positive review, Steve Huey of AllMusic states that "although it's uneven, the best moments of On the TLC Tip deserved their popularity, and set the stage for the group's blockbuster success the next time out."
Commercial performance
Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip debuted at number 105 on the US Billboard 200, and reached number 14 on the chart and number three on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. It was certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on May 1, 1996, and by October 2003, it had sold 2.5 million copies in the United States. The album had sold over six million copies worldwide as of December 2011.
Track listing
Notes
signifies a co-producer
Most digital platforms list "Das Da Way We Like 'Em" under the alternate title "Way We Like 'Em"
Sample credits
"Ain't 2 Proud 2 Beg" samples "Escape-ism" by James Brown, "Jungle Boogie" by Kool & the Gang, "School Boy Crush" by Average White Band, "Fly, Robin, Fly" by Silver Convention, and "Take Me to the Mardi Gras" by Bob James.
"Shock Dat Monkey" samples "Get Me Back on Time, Engine Number 9" by Wilson Pickett, "Funky Drummer" by James Brown, and "Funky President (People It's Bad)" by James Brown.
"Hat 2 da Back" samples "Big Ole Butt" by LL Cool J and "What Makes You Happy" by KC and the Sunshine Band.
"Das da Way We Like 'Em" samples "Think (About It)" by Lyn Collins and "UFO" by ESG.
"Bad by Myself" samples "Welcome to the Terrordome" by Public Enemy, "Peter Piper" by Run-DMC, "Last Night Changed It All (I Really Had a Ball)" by Esther Williams, and "Peace Is Not the Word to Play" by Main Source.
"This Is How It Should Be Done" samples "We're a Winner" by the Impressions and "I Know You Got Soul" by Eric B. & Rakim.
"Depend on Myself" samples "Son of Shaft" and "Humpin'" by the Bar-Kays.
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip.
Musicians
Dallas Austin – arrangements ; shouts ; keyboards, drum programming, bass, guitar
Rick Sheppard – programming ; sampling
Debra Killings – background vocals
TLC – background vocals ; shouts
Kevin Wales – shouts
Eloc – shouts
Fabian Ford – shouts
Babyface – keyboards
L.A. Reid – drums ; percussion
Kayo – bass ; background vocals
Donald Parks – programming
X-Man – scratching, sampling
Daryl Simmons – additional vocal arrangements (as DeRock Simmons) ; keyboards
Marley Marl – arrangements
Darren Lighty – keyboards, programming
Mary Brown – background vocals
Marsha McClurkin – background vocals
Jermaine Dupri – arrangements, vocal arrangements, all instruments, programming
Dionne Farris – vocal arrangements, background vocals
Seldon "Big Wally" Henderson – additional strings
Tye-V – background vocals
Technical
Dallas Austin – production, mixing
Dave Way – mixing ; mix engineering
L.A. Reid – production ; mixing ; executive production
Babyface – production ; executive production
Daryl Simmons – co-production ; production
Kayo – co-production ; production
Marley Marl – production, mixing ; mix engineering
Jermaine Dupri – production, mixing
Da Funky Bunch – production
Darin Prindle – recording engineering
Jim "Z" Zumpano – recording engineering, mix engineering assistance
John Pace – recording engineering
Alvin Speights – recording engineering, mix engineering
Frank Heller – recording engineering
Steve "Stizz" S'berg – recording engineering assistance
Brandi Parisi – recording engineering assistance
John Rogers – recording engineering assistance
Mitch Eaton – recording engineering assistance
Phil Tan – recording engineering assistance, mix engineering assistance
Matt Still – recording engineering assistance, mix engineering assistance
Yvette Whitaker – album coordination
Constance Armstrong – album coordination
Herb Powers Jr. – mastering
Artwork
Calvin Lowery – art direction, design
Michael Lavine – photography
Davett Singletary – art coordination
Perri Reid – art coordination
TLC – album concept
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Ooooooohhh... On the Video Tip
Oooooooohhh... On the Video Tip is a compilation video album by TLC, containing all the music videos made for the group's debut album, as well as making-of features for the videos "Ain't 2 Proud 2 Beg", "Hat 2 da Back", "Baby-Baby-Baby", "Get It Up", "What About Your Friends" and "Sleigh Ride". Additional material includes, interviews, live performances and specially filmed segues. The compilation peaked at number seven on Billboards Top Music Videos chart.
Track listing
Bonus
Interactive Menu
"Sleigh Ride" (music video) – 4:00
"Hat 2 da Back" (music video) – 4:10
"Get It Up" (music video) – 4:10
"Baby-Baby-Baby" (live) – 4:30
Charts
References
1992 debut albums
Albums produced by Babyface (musician)
Albums produced by Dallas Austin
Albums produced by Jermaine Dupri
Albums produced by L.A. Reid
Albums produced by Marley Marl
LaFace Records albums
TLC (group) albums
The Samsung Galaxy Pocket 2 is a small budget Android smartphone produced by Samsung Electronics and released in September 2014.
Specifications
Hardware
The phone is powered by Spreadtrum SC7715 SoC with 1 GHz ARM Cortex-A7 CPU and ARM Mali 400 GPU. It has 512 MB RAM, 4 GB internal storage and 1200 mAh battery. The device comes with dual SIM card slot; one of the SIM card slots is hybrid, so it can either be used as SIM card slot or microSD card slot. Also, it has a 3.3-inch screen with 240 x 320 pixels resolution and 3G connectivity.
Software
This phone was officially released with Android 4.4.2 KitKat.
See also
Samsung Galaxy
Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini (2016)
References
Android (operating system) devices
Samsung mobile phones
Samsung Galaxy
Mobile phones introduced in 2014
Més per Mallorca (, MÉS) is a Majorcan political coalition formed by Socialist Party of Majorca (PSM), IniciativaVerds (IV) and Entesa per Mallorca (ExM), as well as some small independent, local parties around the island. It was created in 2010 by the PSM, Left Initiative (Iniciativa) and The Greens (EV) under the name PSM–Iniciativa–Verds. After the merger of Iniciativa and EV into IV in 2010, and with the incorporation of ExM in 2011, it was renamed as PSM–IniciativaVerds–Entesa. In 2013, the current name was adopted.
History
PSM–Iniciativa–Verds was created as an electoral coalition in an effort to unite the ecologist and left Majorcan nationalist political organisations under a common platform after the dissolution of the Bloc for Majorca (Bloc). In summer 2010, an electoral coalition between the PSM, Iniciativa and EV was established to run the 2011 regional election. In November 2010, Iniciativa and EV merged to become IV, and in early 2011 ExM joined the coalition, renaming it to PSM–IV–Entesa.
At the 2011 regional election the coalition received 36,149 votes, which translated to four seats in the Parliament of the Balearic Islands. Additionally, it obtained four seats in the Council of Majorca, and three seats in the Palma City Council.
On 2 February 2013, the members of the coalition's three member parties gathered in an open assembly and decided to take the coalition a step further, adopting a "call document" as well as the current name Més per Mallorca. On 26 October 2013, coalition members participated in another assembly where a set of Operating Rules were adopted and an executive commission was elected, with Biel Barceló (PSM) as general coordinator and co-spokesperson, and Fina Santiago (IV) as co-spokesperson.
On 24 May 2015 the coalition got the greatest historical result by any of its member parties in the regional election, receiving 59,069 votes (14%) and 6 out of the 33 seats in the Mallorca electoral district.
In April 2016, David Abril (IV) and Bel Busquets (PSM) were elected co-spokespersons.
In March 2017, a fraudulent contract to the campaign manager of Més made by Barceló, Vice President of the Government, appeared in the media. This fact created a crisis in the Government and ended up with the resignation of the Regional Minister of Transparency, Ruth Mateu, and the withdrawal of their party, More for Menorca, from the Government, although remaining as an outer supporter. In December 2017, Barceló was accused of accepting personal travel as a gift. This fact, along with controversies and internal disputes since March, made them resign as Vice President and Regional Minister of Tourism, being relieved by Busquets.
In June 2018, Miquel Ensenyat (PSM), president of the Island Council of Majorca, won Més primaries over Santiago, Regional Minister of Social Services, thus becoming its candidate for the 2019 regional election.
Member parties
Socialist Party of Majorca (PSM)
IniciativaVerds (IV)
Agreement for Majorca (ExM)
Electoral performance
Parliament of the Balearic Islands
Island Council of Majorca
Cortes Generales
Balearic Islands
* Within Units Podem Més
** Within Veus Progressistes
References
Left-wing nationalist parties
Political parties in the Balearic Islands
Political party alliances in Spain
Socialist parties in Spain
New Ditch is a linear earthwork of possible Iron Age or Medieval construction. It partially crosses the Polden Hills in woodlands approximately south-west from the village of Butleigh in Somerset, England.
Its construction is similar to Ponter's Ball Dyke 3 miles to the northeast, with the dyke on the south east of the embankment, but of less massive construction. Both were probably part of a more extensive defence scheme. It is nearly half a mile in length and was probably of greater extent originally, but as it stands, New Ditch cannot be termed a cross-ridge dyke although it does seem to be a boundary work.
It is debatable whether this site is ancient because it is located close to a medieval woodland and a deer park.
References
Archaeological sites in Somerset
Iron Age sites in Somerset
Linear earthworks
The Quins-Bobbies Rugby Club – also referred to as QBR – are a South African rugby union team, formed in 2017 following the merger of Pretoria Harlequins and Pretoria Police rugby clubs.
History
Pretoria Harlequins
The Pretoria Harlequins started life as the Civil Service Club, but when the membership needed to be extended beyond the Civil Service, it was decided in February 1906 to change the name to "The Harlequin Rugby Club" and to ask for permission to use the London Harlequins colours and name.
Among the many members of the Harlequin family of rugby clubs, Pretoria were the first to be officially associated with the London club.
The Pretoria Harlequins resemble the Barbarians more than an ordinary club. It has produced a number of internationals and has strong representation in other sports such as Cricket and Golf.
The 1995 Rugby World Cup winning coach, Kitch Christie was first a player and then a coach at Pretoria Harlequins.
The current Pumas coach Jimmy Stonehouse, had a stint as head coach at the club before joining the Pumas in the Currie Cup.
Pretoria Police
Pretoria Police Rugby Club was founded in 1922 and was the most successful team in the Blue Bulls Rugby Union Carlton League, winning the title on 31 occasions. Prior to the formation of the Blue Bulls Rugby Union (then called the Northern Transvaal Rugby Union) in 1938, Pretoria Police also played in the Pirates Grand Challenge League of the Golden Lions Rugby Union (then called the Transvaal Rugby Union), winning that competition on four occasions.
References
South African rugby union teams
Rugby clubs established in 1906
Sport in Pretoria
Gold Cup (rugby union)
1906 establishments in South Africa
This is a list of yearly Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference football standings.
Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference standings
NAIA (1997–present)
References
Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference
Standings
Lesotho competed in the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada from August 3 to August 12, 1978. Their team consisted of eight athletes competing in track events.
Men
Athletics
Men
Track & road events
References
Nations at the 1978 Commonwealth Games
Lesotho at the Commonwealth Games
1978 in Lesotho
The pound (symbol: £) was the currency of the Gambia between 1965 and 1971. Gambia used the British West African pound until it issued its own currency on October 5, 1964. In 1971, the dalasi replaced the pound at a rate of £1 = D5 (or D1 = 4/–). 1 pound was made up of 20 shillings (symbol: "s" or "/–"), each shilling consisting of 12 pence (symbol: "d", for denarius).
History
When the Gambia was granted internal self-government in October 1963, rather than being a constituent colony of British West Africa the West African Currency Board ordered that the Gambian pound should replace the British West African pound in the colony and an order for unique banknotes was lodged with British banknote printer Bradbury Wilkinson & Co. Ltd. for 10/-, £1 and £5 notes. The new notes were issued within four days of the new currency ordinance under the oversight of The Gambia Currency Board, which came into effect on 1 October 1964.
The Gambia Currency Board issued the Gambia's first coinage, struck by the Royal Mint, to replace the British West African coins, on 21 November 1966. The values remained the same although the 1⁄10d and 1⁄2d coins were not issued, whilst a 4/– piece went into circulation. An 8/– coin was subsequently struck in 1970.
The Central Bank of the Gambia took over assets and liabilities of the Gambia Currency Board in 1971 and a new decimal currency was introduced to replace the Gambian pound. The new currency was the Dalasi with D1 being subdivided into 100b. Again, the coins were minted by the Royal Mint and the notes were printed by Bradbury Wilkinson & Co. Ltd.
Coins
Coins were introduced by The Gambia Currency Board on 18 February 1966 and these were minted by the Royal Mint in denominations of 1d, 3d and 6d, 1/–, 2/– and 4/–, with 8/– added in 1970. All coins had Queen Elizabeth II's portrait on the obverse.
The Gambian 8/– coin of is the only coin of this denomination ever minted. With the exception of the Hippopotamus, the reverse designs of the pre-decimal coins were reused on the new dalasi coins.
Banknotes
On October 5, 1964, new banknotes were introduced by the Gambia Currency Board in denominations of 10/–, £1 and £5. All notes had a sailing boat with a forest background on the obverse and were produced until 1970.
See also
Economy of the Gambia
References
External links
Currencies of Africa
Currencies of the Commonwealth of Nations
Currencies of the Gambia
Economic history of the Gambia
Modern obsolete currencies
Currencies introduced in 1964
1971 disestablishments
Pilón is a Cuban musical form and a popular dance created in the 1950s. named for the town of Pilón, on the southern coast of Cuba. The rhythms of Pilón are based on the motions of pounding sugarcane. One unique aspect of the pilón is the use of simultaneous piano and electric guitar guajeos. Rhythmically, the guitar plays a much simpler form of the piano part. The following example is written in 4/4 rather than cut-time.
The creation of Pilón is often attributed to bandleader and singer Pacho Alonso in collaboration with percussionist/composer Enrique Bonne.
Enrique Bonne
Enrique Bonne [was] a timbalero, prolific songwriter and creator of various rhythms such as pilón, simalé and upa upa. As the leader of Enrique Bonne y sus Tambores, they were also a pioneer in bringing Afro‐Cuban folkloric influences into popular music. Of the many rhythms that Bonne created or popularized for Pacho's band, the most important was pilón. It started as a dance craze, with the dancers mimicking the movement of stirring a vat of roasting coffee beans, but long after the dance had been relegated to the history of pop culture, the rhythm itself continued to influence the likes of José Luis "Changuito" Quintana of Los Van Van, Orlando Mengual of Charanga Habanera, Denis "Papacho" Savón of Issac Delgado, Tomás "El Panga" Ramos of Paulito FG and Cubanismo, and many Latin Jazz musicians—Moore.
Enrique's son Angel Bonne continued the musical tradition.
See also
Puchito Records discography:# René del Mar and Their Cunjunto"Como Te Gusta A Ti"Enrique Bonne209(45 rpm) F8-OW-6793
References
External links
The Pilón in French
Cuban styles of music
Nicholas John Armstrong (born 12 September 1975) is a former English first-class cricketer. Armstrong was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. They were born in Nocton, Lincolnshire.
Armstrong made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1995 Minor Counties Championship against Cumberland. Armstrong played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1995 to 2000, which included 24 Minor Counties Championship matches and 4 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. In 1996, they made their List A debut against Gloucestershire in the NatWest Trophy. They played 2 further List A match for Lincolnshire, against Cheshire and the Netherlands, both in the 2000 NatWest Trophy. In their 3 matches, they scored 27 runs and took 5 wickets at an average of 15.00, with best figures of 2/18.
Armstrong later studied at Durham University, where they made appearances for the university side from 1997–1999.
References
External links
Nicholas Armstrong at ESPNcricinfo
Nicholas Armstrong at CricketArchive
1975 births
Living people
People from North Kesteven District
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Alumni of Durham University
Ruda-Huta is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Ruda-Huta. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,076.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Cobh Heritage Centre is a museum located in Cobh, County Cork, Ireland. It is attached to Cobh railway station.
The "Queenstown Experience", located at the centre, has mostly permanent exhibitions of Irish history. It has held exhibits on life in Ireland through the 18th and 19th centuries, mass emigration, the Great Famine, on penal transportation to Australia, and on the sinking of the RMS Lusitania. It also has an exhibition on the history of the RMS Titanic, whose last port of call before it sank was Cobh (then Queenstown).
The centre is a tourist destination, including with visitors from cruise ships, which often dock in Cobh. The centre has two onsite gift shops and a café.
References
External links
Cobh Heritage Centre Official website
Irish genealogy
RMS Titanic
Museums in County Cork
History museums in the Republic of Ireland
Maritime museums in the Republic of Ireland
Museums of human migration
1993 establishments in Ireland
The Miquon School is an independent, parent-owned, elementary school located in Whitemarsh on the suburban outskirts of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
History
The Miquon School was founded in 1932 by a group of parents following the progressive philosophy of John Dewey. The Upper School was founded in 1970 and later became The Crefeld School.
Philosophy
Central to the school's philosophy is that children learn best through inquiry and discovery. Children often work independently or in small teams. Miquon School attempts to cultivate joy in learning, by emphasizing the child's ownership and personal involvement in their learning. Typical examples: third-graders have an authors' party in which they share their original writing with parents and other students; a math lesson on scale can lead to constructing a model of the solar system that spans the length of the campus. In accordance with its philosophy, Miquon provides ample "choice time" for children to pursue their own interests. Specialist classrooms (music, science, PE, library, and art) are often open at such times so that children can drop in. After graduation, students go to a wide range of middle and upper schools in Philadelphia and the suburbs, including neighborhood schools and academically-selective public programs.
Beginning with a nursery group for 3- and 4-year-olds and culminating at the end of sixth grade, the school believes that treasuring and preserving childhood is one of its core goals. The outdoor play spaces are filled with children of all ages, much like an idealized neighborhood. Inclusion, mutual respect, and peaceful negotiation are necessary for this to succeed, and teachers work with children from the nursery group onward to instill such skills and attitudes. Partnerships between older and younger classrooms help to build a society in which every child is known and can feel secure. A monthly "good-of-the-school" town meeting involves every child from kindergarten and up. Led by sixth graders, the meeting gives children a chance to present problems and work together to find solutions, as well as share classroom news and make announcements.
The teaching staff consists of classroom teachers, specialists, and providers of learning support. Every home classroom is staffed by a group teacher and an assistant. Some teachers are relatively new to the school, while others have taught at Miquon for 35 years or more. The teaching staff and the administrative staff work together closely to create a vibrant and inclusive community. The students are a culturally and ethnically diverse group and come from both traditional and non-traditional families. Parents are essential partners in their children's education. Classrooms are always open to them as visitors and helpers, and teachers sustain frequent communication with them.
See also
The Crefeld School
References
External links
Private elementary schools in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1932
Schools in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
1932 establishments in Pennsylvania
Katarzyna Grochola (Polish pronunciation: ; born 18 July 1957) is a Polish writer and journalist.
Biography
Grochola was born in Krotoszyn, Poland. Them mother was a specialist in Polish studies and their father was a lawyer. They finished Juliusz Słowacki Grammar School in Warsaw. They always wanted to become a writer but by the time they took up writing they worked as a hospital attendant, a consultant in a marriage bureau, and a confectioner's assistant. They cooperated with magazines like Jestem and Poradnik domowy. Grochola has a daughter named Dorota Szelągowska who is a journalist and a grandson – Antoni. They participated in XI edition of Dancing with the Stars broadcast by TVN channel and together with their dance partner, Jan Klimek, took third place.
In Poland their books were immensely popular and sold 5 million copies. Grochola's collection of stories Podanie o miłość was translated into Russian and their novel Nigdy w Życiu! into Russian, German and Slovakian. Nigdy w Życiu! was advertised as a Polish Bridget Jones but it met with cool reception of literary criticism. The author was accused of pandering to lowbrow tastes and of copying western patterns, yet the commercial success of this book (as well as their following books) proved how great is the demand in Poland for such an attractive popular literature. What's more Nigdy w Życiu!, the first volume of the “Żaby i Anioły” series, was the greatest bestseller among Polish books in 2001. In February 2004 a movie by the same title was released under the direction of Ryszard Zatorski, with Danuta Stenka starring as Judyta. The second volume published in 2002, Serce na temblaku, achieved enormous success. Third part of the series, entitled Ja wam pokażę was also adapted for the screen - this time the leading part was portrayed by Grażyna Wolszczak.
Katarzyna Grochola is also a columnist and co-scriptwriter of one of the most popular Polish TV Series like: M jak miłość and Na dobre i na złe. Osobowość Ćmy, a new novel that was released on 15 April 2005 was the first book to be published by Grochola's own publishing house, Wydawnictwo Autorskie.
Works
Novels
Przegryźć dżdżownicę (1997)
Nigdy w życiu! (2001)
Serce na temblaku (2002)
Ja wam pokażę! (2004)
Osobowość ćmy (2005)
A nie mówiłam! (2006)
Trzepot skrzydeł (2008)
Kryształowy Anioł (2009)
Zielone drzwi (2010)
Makatka (2011)
Houston, mamy problem (2012)
Przeznaczeni (2016)
Zranic Marionetke (2019)
Zjadacz czerni 8 (2021)
Collections of stories
Podanie o miłość (2001)
Zdążyć przed pierwszą gwiazdką (2002)
Upoważnienie do szczęścia (2003)
Troche wiekszy poniedziałek (2013)
Zagubione Niebo (2014)
Pocieszki (2018)
Interviews with psychotherapist
Związki i rozwiązki miłosne (2002)
Gry i zabawy małżeńskie i pozamałżeńskie (2006).
Plays
Pozwól mi odejść
Kot mi schudł
Awards
Katarzyna Grochola received 4 awards for their plays Pozwól mi odejść and Kot mi schudł in a dramatic contest Tespis 2000.
Also one of their novels, Nigdy w życiu!, received an award in AS EMPiK-u contest in 2001 and 2002 and Zielone drzwi was hailed as a Bestseller of 2010.
References
Polish women novelists
1957 births
Living people
20th-century Polish novelists
21st-century Polish novelists
20th-century Polish women writers
21st-century Polish women writers
This is list of universities and related institutions in Lebanon.
Universities
One public university and 28 private universities in Lebanon have licenses from the Ministry of Education and Higher Education. There are 32 universities in total.
1Affiliated to Balamand University.
University institutes and colleges
There are a total of eight private institutes officially recognized in Lebanon:
University institutes for religious studies
See also
List of colleges and universities by country
List of colleges and universities
References
External links
Pigier Business Schools
https://universityimages.com/list-of-universities-in-lebanon/
Universities
Lebanon
Lebanon
Alberto Amado Ribero, known professionally as Tito Ribero, (16 May 1915 – 18 July 1964) was an Argentine film score composer, composer, singer, and musician. In addition to having their own orchestra, they provided the film scores to over 200 movies, at their most prolific in the 1950s and 1960s. For Del otro lado del puente they won the Silver Condor Award for Best Original Score from the Argentine Academy of Cinematography Arts and Sciences in 1953.
Filmography
La frontera olvidada (1996)
Gran valor (1980)
Frutilla (1980)
Diablo metió la pata (1980)
Los Drogadictos (1979)
Donde duermen dos…duermen tres (1979)
No apto para menores (1979)
Yo también tengo fiaca (1978)
Así es la vida (1977)
Las locas (1977)
Los muchachos de antes no usaban arsénico (1976)
Te necesito tanto, amor (1976)
Los chicos crecen (1976)
Los chiflados dan el golpe (1975)
No hay que aflojarle a la vida (1975)
Las procesadas (1975)
Los chantas (1975)
Los chiflados del batallón (1975)
El inquisidorr (1975)
Yo tengo fe (1974)
Papá Corazón se quiere casar (1974)
La flor de la mafia (1974)
Andrea (1973)
Hoy le toca a mi mujer (1973)
Los padrinos (1973)
Adiós, Alejandra, Andrea (1973)
Me gusta esa chica (1973)
Había una vez un circo (1972)
Las píldoras (1972)
El picnic de los Campanelli (1972)
Simplemente María (1972)
Nino (1972)
Mi amigo Luis (1972)
La sonrisa de mamá (1972)
Pájaro loco (1971)
Muchacho que vas cantando (1971)
Balada para un mochilero (1971)
Aquellos años locos (1971)
La valija (1971)
Vamos a soñar por el amor (1971)
La familia hippie (1971)
Joven, viuda y estanciera (1970)
Pimienta y pimentón (1970)
Amalio Reyes, un hombre (1970)
Los muchachos de mi barrio (1970)
Cautiva en la selva (1969)
¡Viva la vida! (1969)
Los debutantes en el amor (1969)
Flor de piolas (1969)
El día que me quieras (1969)
Somos novios (1969)
Los muchachos de antes no usaban gomina (1969)
La ciudad de los cuervos (1969)
Maternidad sin hombres (1968)
El novicio rebelde (1968)
El Derecho a la felicidad (1968)
Este cura (1968)
Destino para dos (1968)
Matrimonio a la argentina (1968)
Un muchacho como yo (1968)
Coche cama alojamiento (1968)
El andador (1967)
Ya tiene comisario el pueblo (1967)
¡Al diablo con este cura! (1967)
¡Esto es alegría! (1967)
Quiere casarse conmigo …?! (1967)
Tacuara y Chamorro, pichones de hombres (1967)
Del brazo con la muerte (1966)
Del brazo y por la calle (1966)
Pimienta (1966)
De profesión, sospechosos (1966)
La gorda (1966)
La mujer de tu prójimo (1966)
Vivir es formidable (1966)
Psique y sexo (1965)
Ritmo nuevo y vieja ola (1965)
Los hipócritas (1965)
Bicho raro (1965)
Canuto Cañete, detective privado (1965)
Esquiú, una luz en el sendero (1965)
Esta noche mejor no (1965)
Nadie oyó gritar a Cecilio Fuentes (1965)
Viaje de una noche de verano (1965)
Cuidado con las colas (1964)
Canuto Cañete y los 40 ladrones (1964)
Aconcagua (rescate heroico) (1964)
La sentencia (1964)
Los evadidos (1964)
Il vuoto o Un momento muy largo 1964)
Tres alcobas (1964)
Un Viaje al más allá (1964)
Canuto Cañete, conscripto del 7 (1963)
La calesita (1963)
40 años de novios (1963)
Alias Flequillo (1963)
Lindor Covas, el cimarrón (1963)
Barcos de papel (1963)
Rata de puerto (1963)
El mago de las finanzas (1962)
Delito (1962)
Hombre de la esquina rosada (1962)
Propiedad (1962)
El bruto o (1962)
Cristóbal Colón en la Facultad de Medicina (1962)
Misión 52 (1962)
Operación G (1962)
Mi Buenos Aires querido (1961)
El romance de un gaucho (1961)
Esta tierra es mía (1961)
Rebelde con causa (1961)
El centroforward murió al amanecer (1961)
La maestra enamorada (1961)
Interpol llamando a Río (1961)
Creo en ti (1960)
Culpable (1960)
Yo quiero vivir contigo o La gran aventura (1960)
Dos tipos con suerte (1960)
Luna Park (1960)
Todo el año es Navidad (1960)
Gringalet (1959)
Las tierras blancas (1959)
Amor se dice cantando (1959)
Campo virgen (1959)
La vertiente (1959)
Del cuplé al tango (1959)
Campo arado (1959)
Una cita con la vida (1958)
Demasiado jóvenes (1958)
Rosaura a las 10 (1958)
La morocha (1958)
Amor prohibido (1958)
Dos basuras (1958)
Isla brava (1958)
Las apariencias engañan (1958)
Un centavo de mujer (1958)
Cinco gallinas y el cielo (1957)
La muerte en las calles (1957)
Beyond Oblivion (1956)
El protegido (1956)
África ríe (1956)
La pícara soñadora (1956)
Edad difícil (1956)
Amor a primera vista (1956)
El amor nunca muere (1955)
Para vestir santos (1955)
La Quintrala (1955)
El barro humano (1955)
El hombre que debía una muerte (1955)
Más pobre que una laucha (1955)
Ayer fue primavera (1955)
El millonario (1955)
La mujer desnuda (1955)
Mi marido y mi novio (1955)
Pobre pero honrado (1955)
Vida nocturna (1955)
Barrio gris (1954)
Desalmados en pena (1954)
Veraneo en Mar del Plata (1954)
Caídos en el infierno (1954)
El grito sagrado (1954)
Mujeres casadas (1954)
La calle del pecado (1954)
Los problemas de papá (1954)
Casada y señorita (1954)
La mujer de las camelias (1954)
La telaraña (1954)
Un hombre cualquiera (1954)
Una Ventana a la vida (1953)
Trompada 45 (1953)
Del otro lado del puente (1953)
Dock Sud (1953)
La niña del gato (1953)
Uéi Paesano (1953)
Vigilantes y ladrones (1952)
El infierno verde o Las aguas bajan turbias (1952)
La patrulla chiflada (1952)
Mala gente (1952)
Paraíso robado (1952)
Bárbara atómica (1952)
Donde comienzan los pantanos (1952)
El baldío (1952)
El infortunado Fortunato (1952)
Ellos nos hicieron así (1952)
Mi mujer está loca (1952)
Pasó en mi barrio (1951)
La última escuadrilla (1951)
The Beautiful Brummel (1951)
Fantasmas asustados (1951)
Vivir un instante (1951)
Buenos Aires, mi tierra querida (1951)
Llévame contigo (1951)
Camino al crimen (1951)
Surcos de sangre (1950)
El último payador (1950)
La barra de la esquina (1950)
Romance en tres noches (1950)
Historia del 900 (1949)
Adiós Pampa mía (1946)
Pasión imposible (1943)
Gente bien (1939)
Musical Director
La Mamá de la novia (1978)
Vamos a soñar por el amor (1971)
Maternidad sin hombres (1968)
El novicio rebelde (1968)
El Derecho a la felicidad (1968)
Destino para dos (1968)
Un muchacho como yo (1968)
Coche cama alojamiento (1968)
El andador (1967)
Ya tiene comisario el pueblo (1967)
¡Al diablo con este cura! (1967)
¡Esto es alegría! (1967)
Tacuara y Chamorro, pichones de hombres (1967)
Quiere casarse conmigo …?! (1967)
Tres alcobas (1964)
La murga (1963)
Las abejas (1951)
References
Argentine film score composers
Male film score composers
Argentine composers
20th-century Argentine male singers
1915 births
1964 deaths
20th-century composers
The Taiwan International Documentary Festival (TIDF, ) is a documentary film festival held biannually in Taipei, Taiwan.
Awards
A number of prizes are awarded at the festival, including:
For films in the international competition:
Grand Prize
Merit Prize
For films in the Asian Vision Competition:
Grand Prize
Merit Prize
For films in the Taiwan Competition:
Grand Prize
Merit Prize
List of winners of Grand Prize in the international competition
References
External links
TIDF official website
Recurring events established in 1998
Documentary film festivals in Taiwan
Judge and the Forest (, translit. Sledovatelyat i gorata) is a 1975 Bulgarian drama film directed by Rangel Vulchanov. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Lyubomir Bachvarov as Sledovatelyat Nikolov
Sonya Bozhkova as Elena
Alexander Pritup as Mihaylov
Georgi Kishkilov as Sledovatelyat Naydenov
Penka Tsitselkova as Studentkata
Tzvetana Golanova as S.N.Popova
Georgi Rusev as Stoyan
Dimitar Angelov as Prokopiev
Dimiter Milushev as Bonev
Emil Dzamdzijew as Mladezhat na garata
References
External links
1975 films
Bulgarian drama films
Bulgarian-language films
1975 drama films
Films directed by Rangel Vulchanov
Hukaung Valley Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in northern Myanmar, covering . It was established in 2004 and extended to its present size in 2010.
It was initially gazetted in 2004 with an area of in Tanaing Township and extended to Kamaing, Nayun and Kamti Townships. In elevation, it ranges from in the Hukawng Valley located in Kachin State and Sagaing Region. It harbours evergreen and mixed deciduous forests.
Wildlife recorded during camera trapping surveys between 2001 and 2011 comprised tiger (Panthera tigris), leopard (P. pardus), clouded leopard (Neofelis nebulosa), Asian golden cat (Catopuma temminckii), marbled cat (Pardofelis marmorata), leopard cat (Prionailurus bengalensis). yellow-throated marten (Martes flavigula), binturong (Arctictis binturong), large Indian civet (Viverra zibetha), large-spotted civet (V. megaspila), small Indian civet (Viverricula indica), masked palm civet (Paguma larvata), Asian palm civet (Paradoxurus hermaphroditus), hog badger (Arctonyx collaris) and spotted linsang (Prionodon pardicolor).
More than 200,000 acres of land in Hukawng Valley are being used for gold mining, causing environmental damage. The Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) was criticized for its role in the protected area, particularly for blaming indigenous peoples for environmental damage, though this was found to be untrue since WCS was found to support small infrastructure projects and donate rice and supplies to villagers.
See also
Ledo Road (Stillwell Road)
Lake of No Return
Pangsau Pass
References
External links
Protected areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 2004
Important Bird Areas of Myanmar
Kachin State
Voltage, electric potential difference, electric pressure or electric tension is the difference in electric potential between two points, which (in a static electric field) is defined as the work needed per unit of charge to move a test charge between the two points. In the International System of Units, the derived unit for voltage (potential difference) is named volt. In SI units, work per unit charge is expressed as joules per coulomb, where 1 volt = 1 joule (of work) per 1 coulomb (of charge). The old SI definition for volt used power and current; starting in 1990, the quantum Hall and Josephson effect were used, and recently (2019) fundamental physical constants have been introduced for the definition of all SI units and derived units. Voltage or electric potential difference is denoted symbolically by , simplified V, especially in English-speaking countries or international U, for instance in the context of Ohm's or Kirchhoff's circuit laws.
Electric potential differences between points can be caused by the build-up of electric charge (e.g., a capacitor), and from an electromotive force (e.g., electromagnetic induction in generator, inductors, and transformers). On a macroscopic scale, a potential difference can be caused by electrochemical processes (e.g., cells and batteries), the pressure-induced piezoelectric effect, and the thermoelectric effect.
A voltmeter can be used to measure the voltage (or potential difference) between two points in a system. Often a common reference potential such as the ground of the system is used as one of the points. A voltage can represent either a source of energy or the loss, dissipation, or storage of energy.
Definition
There are multiple useful ways to define voltage, including the standard definition mentioned earlier. There are also other useful definitions of work per charge (see ).
Voltage is defined so that negatively charged objects are pulled towards higher voltages, while positively charged objects are pulled towards lower voltages. Therefore, the conventional current in a wire or resistor always flows from higher voltage to lower voltage.
Historically, voltage has been referred to using terms like "tension" and "pressure". Even today, the term "tension" is still used, for example within the phrase "high tension" (HT) which is commonly used in thermionic valve (vacuum tube) based electronics.
Definition in electrostatics
In electrostatics, the voltage increase from point to some point is given by the change in electrostatic potential from to . By definition, this is:
In this case, the voltage increase from point A to point B is equal to the work done per unit charge, against the electric field, to move the charge from A to B without causing any acceleration. Mathematically, this is expressed as the line integral of the electric field along that path. In electrostatics, this line integral is independent of the path taken.
Under this definition, any circuit where there are time-varying magnetic fields, such as AC circuits, will not have a well-defined voltage between nodes in the circuit, since the electric force is not a conservative force in those cases. However, at lower frequencies when the electric and magnetic fields are not rapidly changing, then this can be neglected (see electrostatic approximation).
Generalization to electrodynamics
The electric potential can be generalized to electrodynamics, so that differences in electric potential between points are well-defined even in the presence of time-varying fields. However, unlike in electrostatics, the electric field can no longer be expressed only in terms of the electric potential. Furthermore, the potential is no longer uniquely determined up to a constant, and can take significantly different forms depending on the choice of gauge.
In this general case, some authors use the word "voltage" to refer to the line integral of the electric field, rather than to differences in electric potential. In this case, the voltage rise along some path from to is given by:
However, in this case the "voltage" between two points depends on the path taken.
Treatment in circuit theory
In circuit analysis and electrical engineering, lumped element models are used to represent and analyze circuits. These elements are idealized and self-contained circuit elements used to model physical components.
When using a lumped element model, it is assumed that the effects of changing magnetic fields produced by the circuit are suitably contained to each element. Under these assumptions, the electric field in the region exterior to each component is conservative, and voltages between nodes in the circuit are well-defined, where
as long as the path of integration does not pass through the inside of any component. The above is the same formula used in electrostatics. This integral, with the path of integration being along the test leads, is what a voltmeter will actually measure.
If uncontained magnetic fields throughout the circuit are not negligible, then their effects can be modelled by adding mutual inductance elements. In the case of a physical inductor though, the ideal lumped representation is often accurate. This is because the external fields of inductors are generally negligible, especially if the inductor has a closed magnetic path. If external fields are negligible, we find that
is path-independent, and there is a well-defined voltage across the inductor's terminals. This is the reason that measurements with a voltmeter across an inductor are often reasonably independent of the placement of the test leads.
Volt
The volt (symbol: ) is the derived unit for electric potential, electric potential difference, and electromotive force. The volt is named in honour of the Italian physicist Alessandro Volta (1745–1827), who invented the voltaic pile, possibly the first chemical battery.
Hydraulic analogy
A simple analogy for an electric circuit is water flowing in a closed circuit of pipework, driven by a mechanical pump. This can be called a "water circuit". The potential difference between two points corresponds to the pressure difference between two points. If the pump creates a pressure difference between two points, then water flowing from one point to the other will be able to do work, such as driving a turbine. Similarly, work can be done by an electric current driven by the potential difference provided by a battery. For example, the voltage provided by a sufficiently-charged automobile battery can "push" a large current through the windings of an automobile's starter motor. If the pump isn't working, it produces no pressure difference, and the turbine will not rotate. Likewise, if the automobile's battery is very weak or "dead" (or "flat"), then it will not turn the starter motor.
The hydraulic analogy is a useful way of understanding many electrical concepts. In such a system, the work done to move water is equal to the "pressure drop" (compare p.d.) multiplied by the volume of water moved. Similarly, in an electrical circuit, the work done to move electrons or other charge-carriers is equal to "electrical pressure difference" multiplied by the quantity of electrical charges moved. In relation to "flow", the larger the "pressure difference" between two points (potential difference or water pressure difference), the greater the flow between them (electric current or water flow). (See "electric power".)
Applications
Specifying a voltage measurement requires explicit or implicit specification of the points across which the voltage is measured. When using a voltmeter to measure potential difference, one electrical lead of the voltmeter must be connected to the first point, one to the second point.
A common use of the term "voltage" is in describing the voltage dropped across an electrical device (such as a resistor). The voltage drop across the device can be understood as the difference between measurements at each terminal of the device with respect to a common reference point (or ground). The voltage drop is the difference between the two readings. Two points in an electric circuit that are connected by an ideal conductor without resistance and not within a changing magnetic field have a voltage of zero. Any two points with the same potential may be connected by a conductor and no current will flow between them.
Addition of voltages
The voltage between A and C is the sum of the voltage between A and B and the voltage between B and C. The various voltages in a circuit can be computed using Kirchhoff's circuit laws.
When talking about alternating current (AC) there is a difference between instantaneous voltage and average voltage. Instantaneous voltages can be added for direct current (DC) and AC, but average voltages can be meaningfully added only when they apply to signals that all have the same frequency and phase.
Measuring instruments
Instruments for measuring voltages include the voltmeter, the potentiometer, and the oscilloscope. Analog voltmeters, such as moving-coil instruments, work by measuring the current through a fixed resistor, which, according to Ohm's Law, is proportional to the voltage across the resistor. The potentiometer works by balancing the unknown voltage against a known voltage in a bridge circuit. The cathode-ray oscilloscope works by amplifying the voltage and using it to deflect an electron beam from a straight path, so that the deflection of the beam is proportional to the voltage.
Typical voltages
A common voltage for flashlight batteries is 1.5 volts (DC).
A common voltage for automobile batteries is 12 volts (DC).
Common voltages supplied by power companies to consumers are 110 to 120 volts (AC) and 220 to 240 volts (AC). The voltage in electric power transmission lines used to distribute electricity from power stations can be several hundred times greater than consumer voltages, typically 110 to 1200 kV (AC).
The voltage used in overhead lines to power railway locomotives is between 12 kV and 50 kV (AC) or between 0.75 kV and 3 kV (DC).
Galvani potential vs. electrochemical potential
Inside a conductive material, the energy of an electron is affected not only by the average electric potential but also by the specific thermal and atomic environment that it is in.
When a voltmeter is connected between two different types of metal, it measures not the electrostatic potential difference, but instead something else that is affected by thermodynamics.
The quantity measured by a voltmeter is the negative of the difference of the electrochemical potential of electrons (Fermi level) divided by the electron charge and commonly referred to as the voltage difference, while the pure unadjusted electrostatic potential (not measurable with a voltmeter) is sometimes called Galvani potential.
The terms "voltage" and "electric potential" are ambiguous in that, in practice, they can refer to either of these in different contexts.
History
The term electromotive force was first used by Volta in a letter to Giovanni Aldini in 1798, and first appeared in a published paper in 1801 in Annales de chimie et de physique. Volta meant by this a force that was not an electrostatic force, specifically, an electrochemical force. The term was taken up by Michael Faraday in connection with electromagnetic induction in the 1820s. However, a clear definition of voltage and method of measuring it had not been developed at this time. Volta distinguished electromotive force (emf) from tension (potential difference): the observed potential difference at the terminals of an electrochemical cell when it was open circuit must exactly balance the emf of the cell so that no current flowed.
See also
Electric shock
Mains electricity by country (list of countries with mains voltage and frequency)
Open-circuit voltage
Phantom voltage
References
Footnotes
External links
Electrical voltage V, current I, resistivity R, impedance Z, wattage P
Electromagnetism
Electrical systems
Physical quantities
Beyond the Sea (, translit. Me'ever Layam, also known as Over the Ocean) is a 1991 Israeli drama film directed by Jacob Goldwasser. It stars Aryeh Moskona, Dafna Rechter, Moti Giladi, and Mili Avital. Yair Lapid, who later became Prime Minister of Israel was also in the cast. The film, a family drama set in the 1960s, was critically acclaimed, and won the Ophir Award for Best Film. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 64th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
See also
List of submissions to the 64th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Israeli submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1991 films
1991 drama films
Israeli drama films
Films set in the 1960s
1990s Hebrew-language films
Indian Henry's Patrol Cabin is an early National Park Service patrol cabin in Mount Rainier National Park. The cabin was built in 1915–1916 at an elevation of in an area of the park known as "Indian Henry's Hunting Ground," which had been used in the 19th century by the Cowlitz and Nisqually tribes. "Indian Henry" was an Indian guide who accompanied James Longmire in their explorations of the area. The Indian Henry's area became a tourist destination with the 1908 establishment of the "Wigwam Camp," a tent camp which was abandoned in 1918. The area remained as a headquarters for backcountry patrols; the cabin was the first such facility in the park.
The cabin is a one-story log structure with a broad front porch. The cabin measures by . It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.
References
Park buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Residential buildings completed in 1916
Buildings and structures in Pierce County, Washington
Ranger stations in Mount Rainier National Park
Log cabins in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Mount Rainier National Park
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
1916 establishments in Washington (state)
Joseph Cyrille N'Do (born 28 April 1976) is a former Cameroonian footballer and international. They were last a player/coach for both Achill Rovers and the Mayo League representative team.
Club career
Cameroon
An attacking central midfielder, N'Do began their career in 1995 with Canon Yaoundé before moving to Coton Sport FC de Garoua in 1997. They won the 1998 Elite One league title with Coton Sport before leaving Africa for European football.
Switzerland and France
N'Do's first European club was Swiss side Neuchâtel Xamax. They spent the 1998–99 season with Xamax, with the club finishing sixth.
They then joined Racing Club Strasbourg and spent the 1999–2000 and 2000–01 seasons with the club. The club won the 2000–01 Coupe de France but were also relegated to Ligue 2 that same season. N'Do then move to Saudi Arabia.
Asia
After a season with Saudi Arabian club Al-Khaleej, N'Do moved to Chinese club Chengdu Blades, based in Sichuan province, finishing sixth out of 14 teams in the division in their only season.
Ireland
N'Do's first Irish club was St Patrick's Athletic whom they joined in 2003. After a season in the League of Ireland First Division, they then signed for Dublin rivals Shelbourne in 2004 and made their debut in August against Cork City. N'Do score the only goal for the Reds in their home leg against Odense Boldklub in the second round of the Intertoto Cup on 9 July 2006, only for the team go out of the competition 3-1 on aggregate.
N'Do pick up a league winner's medal in 2006 after helping Shelbourne to their third league title in four years. In November 2006, they were voted PFAI Player of the Year by their fellow professionals for their contribution to Shels' league-winning campaign. and as a result was included in the team of the year.
After completing their contracted period with Shelbourne, N'Do rejoined St Patrick's Athletic, when they signed for John McDonnell's team in December 2006.
They signed for Shamrock Rovers on loan in July 2008, scoring one goal for the Hoops in a man of the match performance on 29 August.
N'Do sign for Bohemians just before the beginning of the 2009 season and marked their debut for the club with a goal in a 1–0 victory over Dundalk at Oriel Park. They were named Player of the Month for March 2009 for their performances. On 15 July 2009, they scored a crucial goal in the 2010 UEFA Champions League qualifier against Red Bull Salzburg in Austria to secure a 1–1 draw for Bohemians. However N'Do and Bohs would depart that competition over the two legs, losing 2–1 on aggregate. They then added to their collection of medals on 26 September as Bohs beat Waterford United in the final of the League of Ireland Cup. They were not done yet, as a great run of form towards the end of the season helped Bohs to their second League of Ireland Premier Division title in a row, winning by four points over closest rivals Shamrock Rovers with N'Do scoring vital goals against Drogheda United and Sligo Rovers in the closing games of the season. Their performances over the season were rewarded when they were once more voted on to the PFAI Team of the Year for 2009 along with teammates Brian Murphy, Conor Powell, Ken Oman, Brian Shelley and Gary Deegan. On 6 November 2009, N'Do played their last match for Bohemians against Bray Wanderers to clinch the title for the Gypsies after they won the league. Like their former manager Pat Fenlon, they are one of a rare group of players to have played for each of Dublin's "Big 4" – St. Patrick's Athletic, Shelbourne, Shamrock Rovers, and Bohemians.
On 23 March 2010, N'Do signed for Sligo Rovers until the end of the season, having been a free agent after leaving Bohemians at the end of the previous season. They were voted man of the match at the 2010 FAI Cup Final, won by Sligo Rovers at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin on 14 November 2010. Under the guidance of new manager Paul Cooke, they continued to haunt former club St Pat's, with several men of the match performances during the 2011 season. They remained with Sligo for the 2012 season, and won the League of Ireland for their fourth time. In 2013, they won another FAI Cup medal with Sligo Rovers, helping them beat Drogheda United 3–2 with a controversial assist to Sligo playmaker Danny North.
On 30 July 2014, N'Do signed for Limerick on loan as a player/coach until the end of the season and on 31 January 2015, they signed for Irish amateur club Arrow Harps as a player/coach. They played three games before they rejoined Sligo Rovers.
In February 2015, they joined Achill Rovers in a coaching capacity to work with their Under-12 and -13 boy's teams, Under-12 and -14 girl's teams and their junior side. and on 9 April 2015, fan favourite N'Do was re-signed as a coach with Sligo Rovers following the sacking of manager Owen Heary, where they were appointed caretaker manager of the club alongside Gavin Dykes.
On 27 March 2016, N'Do made their first appearance for their latest club Achill Rovers F.D.A.C.
International career
N'Do play for the Cameroon national team after being discovered by Claude LeRoy just prior to the 1998 FIFA World Cup, and took part in three matches during that tournament. In the qualifying campaign for the 2002 FIFA World Cup they played three times but remained an unused substitute in the finals. However, they have not played for Cameroon since 2002, and has publicly expressed their unwillingness to come back. N'Do earn 21 caps while representing their country at senior level.
Honours
Club
Cotonsport Garoua
Elite One: 1998
Strasbourg
Coupe de France: 2000–01
Shelbourne
League of Ireland: 2004, 2006
Bohemians
League of Ireland: 2009
League of Ireland Cup: 2009
Sligo Rovers
League of Ireland: 2012
FAI Cup: 2010, 2011, 2013
League of Ireland Cup: 2010
Setanta Sports Cup: 2014
International
Africa Cup of Nations: 2000, 2002
Individual
PFAI Players' Player of the Year: 2006
Career statistics
Club
Correct as of 7 November 2011.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yaoundé
Cameroonian footballers
Association football midfielders
Canon Yaoundé players
Coton Sport FC de Garoua players
Neuchâtel Xamax FCS players
RC Strasbourg Alsace players
Khaleej FC players
Chengdu Tiancheng F.C. players
St Patrick's Athletic F.C. players
Shelbourne F.C. players
Shamrock Rovers F.C. players
Bohemian F.C. players
Sligo Rovers F.C. players
Limerick F.C. players
Elite One player
Swiss Super League players
Ligue 1 players
Saudi First Division League players
League of Ireland players
League of Ireland XI players
Cameroon international footballers
1998 FIFA World Cup players
2000 African Cup of Nations players
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2002 African Cup of Nations players
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in France
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in China
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Ireland
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate association footballers in the Republic of Ireland
Cameroonian football managers
Cameroonian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in the Republic of Ireland
A tectonic weapon is a hypothetical device or system which could trigger earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, or other seismic events in specified locations by interfering with the Earth's natural geological processes. It was defined in 1992 by Aleksey Vsevolodovich Nikolayev, corresponding member Russian Academy of Sciences: "A tectonic or seismic weapon would be the use of the accumulated tectonic energy of the Earth's deeper layers to induce a destructive earthquake". They added "to set oneself the objective of inducing an earthquake is extremely doubtful." Though no such device is known to have been built, tectonic weapons have occasionally appeared as plot devices in works of fiction.
Concept
Theoretically, the tectonic weapon functions by creating a powerful charge of elastic energy in the form of deformed volume of the Earth's crust in a region of tectonic activity. This then becomes an earthquake once triggered by a nuclear explosion in the epicenter or a vast electric pulse. As to the question of whether a nuclear explosion can trigger an earthquake, there was the analysis of local seismic recordings within a couple of miles of nuclear tests in the 1960s at Nevada that showed nuclear explosions caused some tectonic stress. The 1968 Faultless underground nuclear test caused faults to slip up to 40 km away. The United States Geological Survey stated that it produced fresh fault rupture some 1,200 meters long. There is also a theory that a 1998 earthquake in Afghanistan was triggered by thermonuclear tests conducted in Indian and Pakistani test sites 2-20 days prior.
Reports
Roger Clark, lecturer in geophysics at Leeds University said in the respected journal Nature in 1996, responding to a newspaper report that there had been two secret Soviet programs, "Mercury" and "Volcano", aimed at developing a "tectonic weapon" that could set off earthquakes from great distance by manipulating electromagnetism, said "We don't think it is impossible, or wrong, but past experience suggests it is very unlikely". According to Nature these programs had been "unofficially known to Western geophysicists for several years". According to the story the Mercury program began in 1987, three tests were conducted in Kyrgyzstan, and Volcano's last test occurred in 1992.
Such weapons, whether or not they exist or are feasible, are a source of concern in official circles. For example, US Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen, said on 28 April 1997 at the Conference on Terrorism, Weapons of Mass Destruction, and U.S. Strategy, University of Georgia, while discussing the dangers of false threats, "Others are engaging even in an eco-type of terrorism whereby they can alter the climate, set off earthquakes, volcanoes remotely through the use of electromagnetic waves."
New Zealand's unsuccessful Project Seal programme during World War II attempted to create tsunami waves as a weapon. It was reported in 1999 that such a weapon might be viable.
Nikola Tesla claimed a small (something "you could put in your overcoat pocket") steam-powered mechanical oscillator they were experimenting with in 1898 produced earthquake-like effects, but this has never been replicated. The television show MythBusters in 2006 Episode 60 – "Earthquake Machine" made a small machine using a specially designed computer-controlled electromagnetic linear actuator instead of steam; it produced vibrations in a large structure detectable hundreds of feet away, but no significant shaking. Their judgement was that the test with their version of the oscillator busted the myth.
International treaties
The 1978 Convention on the Prohibition of Military or Any Other Hostile Use of Environmental Modification Techniques is an international treaty ratified by 75 states, and signed by a further 17, that prohibits use of environmental modification techniques to cause earthquakes and tsunamis, amongst other phenomena.
Conspiracy theories
After natural tectonic phenomena such as the 2010 Haiti earthquake, conspiracy theories, usually relating to the armed forces of the United States and formerly the Soviet Union (USSR), often arise, though no evidence is advanced. After the Haiti earthquake it was widely reported that president Hugo Chávez of Venezuela made unsupported allegations that it had been caused by testing of a US tectonic weapon. The newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda of Moscow reported on page 1 on 30 May 1992 that "a geophysical or tectonic weapon was actually developed in the USSR despite the UN Convention", but that Chief Seismologist Major-General V Bochrov of the USSR Ministry of Defence categorically rejected any hints on the existence of tectonic weapons.
"Earthquake bombs"
While the British Tallboy and Grand Slam bombs of World War II were called earthquake bombs, the name came from their way of destroying very hardened targets by shaking their foundations as an earthquake would; they were never intended to cause an actual earthquake.
See also
Red mercury
HAARP
Weather warfare
References
Hypothetical technology
Weapons of mass destruction
Weapons
Seismology
The M. Young Botanic Garden is a botanical garden located at 14178 West Kearney, Kerman, California, United States. Every plant used is drought-tolerant. One section contains Southwestern native trees, shrubs and ground covers. Another will include 12 different gardens with a water-conservation theme, some with paths, arbors, patios and seating areas.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
Botanical gardens in California
Protected areas of Fresno County, California
Harvey Law Group is a multinational law firm specializing in corporate law and investment immigration. As of 2020, the firm is headquartered in Hong Kong with over 22 offices worldwide including Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, the Philippines, Ivory Coast, Malaysia, Indonesia, South Africa.
Harvey Law Group practices law in the areas of business immigration, business and corporate law, company incorporation, labour and employment issues, due diligence, mergers and acquisitions, tax planning and structuring, real estate, contracts and agreements, intellectual property, environmental law, and cross-border trade issues.
HLG is notable for its roster of professional immigration lawyers and immigration advisory on residency and citizenship-by-investment, or also known as 'Investment Immigration'. The company's stated mode of operations is to fully integrate into and work within the regional legal framework of each branch office and migration jurisdiction. The company is recognized by 16 national governments as an official partner of their CBI (Citizenship by Investment) programs.
History
Harvey Law Group (HLG) was established in Montreal, Quebec in 1992 by Jean-François Harvey. Bastien Trelcat then joined as Managing Partner for the Asia Pacific region in 2013. Since its founding, the firm has facilitated more than USD $2 billion in cross-border transactions.
HLG received its license to practice in Vietnam in 2008. They were the first Canadian law firm to be recognized by the Vietnamese Ministry of Justice. As of 2020 HLG maintains offices in Hanoi, Da Nang, and Ho Chi Minh City.
Services
Business Law
Advice on Mining, Forestry, Environmental Law
Commercial Leases
Cross Border Trade Issues
Company Formation in Worldwide jurisdictions
Shareholder & Partnership Agreements
Joint Ventures & Other Strategic Alliances Contracts
Mergers & Acquisitions
Intellectual Property
Technology Protection
Property Ownership Structures
Real Estate Issues
Immigration
Businessmen, VIPs, and Dependent Programs
Foreign Exchange Law
Estate Planning
Citizenship by Investment
Real Estate Investment
Residency by Investment
Residency planning
Private Clients Services
Tax Planning & Restructuring
Wealth Preservation, Wills, Inheritance Advice
Verification of Identity and Notarisation
Publications and Accreditations
The Law Review - Corporate Immigration Review: Thailand Chapter 2018
Jean-Francois Harvey on Bloomberg TV Philippines
The Law Review - Corporate Immigration Review: Myanmar Chapter 2017-19
The International Comparative Legal Guide to Corporate Immigration 2016: Chapter 5 a Myth or a Reality?
The International Comparative Legal Guide to Corporate Immigration 2016: Chapter 19 Myanmar
Common Reporting Standard: Are we finally seeing the end of tax evasion?
The International Comparative Legal Guide to Corporate Immigration 2016: Chapter 26 Thailand
Criticism & Controversy
HLG acted on behalf of three ex-employees of Chinese tech giant Huawei, who were accused of espionage by Canadian authorities during their immigration applications. Jean-Francois Harvey, whose Harvey Law Group acted on behalf of the mainland Chinese trio, said the now-withdrawn accusations appeared to have been the work of a single officer in the Canadian consulate-general's office in Hong Kong.
Harvey said an identification code on correspondence proved that the same case officer dealt with all three clients, who have settled in Canada in the past four months.
They were “definitely not” spies, said the lawyer.
References
Law firms of Thailand
Companies of Hong Kong
Law firms established in 1992
1992 establishments in Quebec
Paul Charles (born 1949, Magherafelt) is a Northern Irish novelist, concert promoter, manager and talent agent.
Charles managed their first act, The Blues by Five, when they were 15 years old, and had to list the number of their local telephone call box on business cards. The telephone would be answered by whomever was passing, who would then walk to Charles' house and knock on the window to let them know there was a call for him.
In 1967 they moved from Northern Ireland to London, planning to study civil engineering, but soon began writing for Belfast-based magazine City Week, filing live reviews of Irish groups performing in London, and returned to the music business full-time. They then became manager, agent, lyricist and roadie for progressive rock band Fruupp.
When Fruupp disbanded Charles formed a promotion agency, Asgard, with associate Paul Fenn. The agency's first big signings were English punk bands Radio Stars and the Buzzcocks. Charles' clients now include Tom Waits, Ray Davies, Christy Moore, Don McLean, Waterboys, Nick Lowe, Lisa Ekdahl, Ronnie Spector, Marti Pellow, Ani DiFranco and Paul Carrack.
Personal life
Charles lives in Primrose Hill, London, and Donegal with their wife Catherine.
Bibliography
Detective Inspector Christy Kennedy series
I Love the Sound of Breaking Glass (1997)
Last Boat to Camden Town (1997)
Fountain of Sorrow (1998)
The Ballad of Sean and Wilko (2000)
The Hissing of the Silent Lonely Room (2001)
I've Heard the Banshee Sing (2002)
Justice Factory (2004)
Sweetwater (2007)
The Beautiful Sound of Silence (2008)
A Pleasure To Do Death With You (2012)
Departing Shadows (2019)
Inspector Starrett series
The Dust of Death (2007)
Family Life (2009)
St Ernan's Blues (2016)
McCusker Mysteries
Down on Cyprus Avenue (2014)
A Day In The Life of Louis Bloom (2018)
Other fiction
First of the True Believers (2002)
The Last Dance (2012)
The Prince of Heaven's Eyes (A Novella) (2012)
The Lonesome Heart is Angry (2014)
One of Our Jeans is Missing (2016)
Non-fiction
How To Succeed in The Music Business (2002)
Pocket Essentials: The Beatles (2003)
The Complete Guide To Playing Live (2004)
The Essential Beatles Book (2021)
References
External links
Paul Charles Blog
1949 births
Living people
People from Magherafelt
Male novelists from Northern Ireland
Crime fiction writers from Northern Ireland
Irish mystery writers
British talent agents
Music managers from Northern Ireland
21st-century writers from Northern Ireland
Everything Goes Wrong is the second studio album by American indie rock band Vivian Girls. It was released on September 8, 2009 by In the Red Records.
In 2019, Everything Goes Wrong was reissued by Polyvinyl Record Co., alongside Vivian Girls' 2008 self-titled debut album.
Critical reception
Everything Goes Wrong was listed as the 54th best album of 2009 by Rough Trade. Artrocker ranked it as the year's 61st best album.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.
Vivian Girls
Katy "Kickball Katy" Goodman
Ali Koehler
Cassie Ramone
Additional personnel
Mike McHugh – mixing, recording
Charts
References
External links
2009 albums
Vivian Girls albums
In the Red Records albums
This is a list of notable alumni who have attended or graduated The Judge Advocate General's Legal Center and School. The JAG School is generally considered the most exclusive graduate service academy within the U.S. Federal Government. It is considered "highly selective" with an acceptance rate ranging between 4-7%. In 2017, the Army JAG Corps and subsequent JAG School only accepted 200 of 4,000 applicants. The JAG School has a long history of supplying attorneys into the military and federal government roles, particularly the federal judiciary.
Law and Politics
United States Government
Executive Branch
Executive council members
J. Reuben Clark, Under Secretary of State
Fred Dutton, Assistant Secretary of State
Judd H. Lyons, Assistant Secretary of Defense
Robert C. O'Brien, 28th U.S. National Security Advisor
U.S. Attorneys
John L. Brownlee, United States Attorney for Western District of Virginia
Frank DeArmon Whitney, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of North Carolina
Maria Chapa Lopez, United States Attorney for the Middle District of Florida
David C. Joseph, United States Attorney for the Western District of Louisiana
Kenneth John Gonzales, United States Attorney for the District of New Mexico
Ira K. Wells, United States Attorney for the District of Puerto Rico
Bobby Christine, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Georgia
Duane Kees, United States Attorney for the Western District of Arkansas
Grant C. Jaquith, United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York
Kasey Warner, United States Attorney for the Southern District of West Virginia
U.S. Diplomatic Figures
John Bingham, United States Ambassador to Japan
Ralph Elihu Becker, United States Ambassador to Honduras
Scott Brown, United States Ambassador to New Zealand & Samoa
J. Reuben Clark, United States Ambassador to Mexico
Russell F. Freeman, United States Ambassador to Belize
Legislative Branch (U.S. Congress)
House
William Vollie Alexander Jr., U.S. Representative from Arkansas
Syd Herlong, U.S. Representative from Florida
Greg Steube, U.S. Representative from Florida
John A. T. Hull, U.S. Representative from Iowa
Steve Buyer, U.S. Representative from Indiana
Goodloe Byron, U.S. Representative from Maryland
Anthony G. Brown, U.S. Representative from Maryland
Elmer Ryan, U.S. Representative from Minnesota
Webb Franklin, U.S. Representative from Mississippi
Mark Amodei, U.S. Representative from Nevada
John Laurance, U.S. Representative from New York
Martin B. McKneally, U.S. Representative from New York
Lee Zeldin, U.S. Representative from New York
Alexander Pirnie, U.S. Representative from New York
Gregory W. Carman, U.S. Representative from New York
John H. Ray, U.S. Representative from New York
George H. Wilson, U.S. Representative from Oklahoma
Patrick Murphy, U.S. Representative from Pennsylvania
Joe L. Evins, U.S. Representative from Tennessee
Louie Gohmert, U.S. Representative from Texas
Senate
J. Bennett Johnston, U.S. Senator from Louisiana
Dennis DeConcini, U.S. Senator from Arizona
Frank Moss, U.S. Senator from Utah
George B. Martin, U.S. Senator from Kentucky
Scott Brown, U.S. Senator from Massachusetts
Judicial Branch
Federal Appellate Judges
G. Steven Agee, Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
Roger Miner, Judge of United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
Leslie H. Southwick, Judge of United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
Carl E. Stewart, Chief Judge of United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
William Lockhart Garwood, Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
John Weld Peck II, Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
Pasco Bowman II, Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
David R. Hansen, Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit
Evan Wallach, Judge of United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
Herbert Choy, Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
Gregory W. Carman, Chief Judge of the United States Court of International Trade
Federal District Court Judges
Liles C. Burke, Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama
L. Scott Coogler, Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama
Douglas L. Rayes, Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona
Morrison C. England Jr., Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California
James M. Ideman, Judge of the United States District Court for the Central District of California
Gary L. Taylor, Judge of the United States District Court for the Central District of California
Royce Lamberth, Chief Judge, United States District Court for the District of Columbia
Donald L. Graham, Judge of United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida
Winston Arnow Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida
Howell W. Melton, Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida
J. P. Boulee, Judge United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
Charles A. Pannell Jr., Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
Derrick Watson, Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii
Dee D. Drell, Chief Judge of United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana
David C. Joseph, Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana
Frederic N. Smalkin, Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland
Edward L. Leahy Judge of United States District Court for the New Hampshire
Steven J. McAuliffe, Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire
John Laurance, Judge of United States District Court for the District of New York
Kenneth John Gonzales, Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Mexico
Frank DeArmon Whitney, Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina
David Dudley Dowd Jr., Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio
William Huntington Kirkpatrick, Judge United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
Edmund V. Ludwig, Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
Kim R. Gibson, Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania
Jose Victor Toledo, Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico
Ira K. Wells, Judge of United States District Court for the District Puerto Rico
Andrew Wendell Bogue, Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota
Lawrence L. Piersol, Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the District of South Dakota
Robert J. O'Conor Jr., Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas
Sim Lake, Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas
James R. Spencer, Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia.
State Government
Marc Racicot Governor of Montana
Blanton Winship, Governor of Puerto Rico
Mike Stack, Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania
Bob McDonnell, Governor of Virginia
Anthony G. Brown, Lieutenant Governor of Maryland
Ron DeSantis, Governor of Florida
Attorneys General
Marc Racicot, Attorney General of Montana
Carl Danberg, Attorney General of Delaware
Beau Biden, Attorney General of Delaware and son of President Joe Biden.
Bob McDonnell, Attorney General of Virginia
Grenville Beardsley, Attorney General of Illinois
State Judiciary
Arno H. Denecke, Chief Justice of Oregon Supreme Court
Frank LaBuda, Associate Justice of New York Supreme Court
John A. Hull, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines
J. Philip Johnson, Associate Justice North Dakota Supreme Court
Price Daniel, Associate Justice of the Texas Supreme Court
N. Patrick Crooks, Associate Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court
Robert E. Davis, Chief Justice of the Kansas Supreme Court
Herbert R. Brown, Associate Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court
A. William Sweeney, Associate Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court
Charles B. Zimmerman, Associate Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court
Josephine L. Hart, Associate Justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court
Joseph T. Walsh, Associate Justice of Delaware Supreme Court
N. Patrick Crooks, Associate Justice of Wisconsin Supreme Court
Paul A. Chase, Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Rudolph J. Daley, Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
William C. Hill, Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Ernest W. Gibson III, Associate Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court
Jerod E. Tufte, Associate Justice of the North Dakota Supreme Court
Non U.S. Political Figures
Richard Reeve Baxter, Judge of the International Court of Justice
Amnon Straschnov, Military Advocate General of the Israeli Defense Forces
Other Military Figures
Robyn J. Blader, U.S. National Guard general
Dana K. Chipman, Judge Advocate General of the United States Army
Caroline A. Crenshaw, Commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Flora D. Darpino, first woman Judge Advocate General of the United States Army
Moe Davis, Air Force colonel
Andrew S. Effron, chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces
David Jonas, United States government official, nominee for General Counsel of the United States Department of Energy
James E. McPherson, Judge Advocate General of the United States Navy, executive director of the National Association of Attorneys General
Grier Martin, State Representative (D-North Carolina)
Mark S. Martins, chief prosecutor in the trial of Khalid Sheik Mohammed
Hubert Miller, Olympic bobsledder
Haldane Robert Mayer, United States federal appellate judge (Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit)
Lisa M. Schenck, professor, George Washington University Law School
William K. Suter, 19th Clerk of the Supreme Court of the United States
References
Judge Advocate General's Legal Center and School
This is a list of episodes of the Dragnet television series that began in 2003. For the second season, the title was altered to L.A. Dragnet. The last two episodes (#21 and #22) first aired in France, the series having been canceled in the United States before they could air.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2003)
Season 2 (2003–04)
References
2003
Dragnet (2003 series)
Dragnet (2003 series)
Félix Romero (born 26 February 1972) is a Cuban handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Handball players at the 2007 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for the Dominican Republic
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Pan American Games silver medalists for Cuba
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
The year 2014 is the 22nd year in the history of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), a mixed martial arts promotion based in the United States.
Title fights
The Ultimate Fighter
Debut UFC fighters
The following fighters fought their first UFC fight in 2014:
Aaron Phillips
Aisling Daly
Akbarh Arreola
Alan Jouban
Alan Omer
Albert Cheng
Albert Tumenov
Alberto Mina
Alejandro Pérez
Alex Chambers
Alex White
Alexander Yakovlev
Alexis Dufresne
Aljamain Sterling
Andreas Ståhl
Andy Enz
Angela Hill
Angela Magaña
Anthony Birchak
Anthony Hamilton
Antônio Carlos Jr.
Antônio dos Santos Jr.
Ashlee Evans-Smith
Augusto Montaño
Bec Rawlings
Beneil Dariush
Brendan O'Reilly
Brian Ortega
Bryan Barberena
Bubba Bush
Bubba McDaniel
Cain Carrizosa
Carla Esparza
Carlos Diego Ferreira
Cathal Pendred
Chad Laprise
Charles Rosa
Chas Skelly
Chris Beal
Chris Dempsey
Chris Heatherly
Chris Indich
Chris Kelades
Chris Wade
Christos Giagos
Cláudia Gadelha
Cláudio Silva
Clay Collard
Cody Gibson
Colby Covington
Corey Anderson
Damon Jackson
Dan Hooker
Dan Kelly
Daniel Spohn
Danny Martinez
Danny Mitchell
Dashon Johnson
Dave Galera
David Michaud
Derrick Lewis
Dhiego Lima
Diego Rivas
Doo Ho Choi
Douglas Silva de Andrade
Eddie Alvarez
Eddie Gordon
Elias Theodorou
Elizabeth Phillips
Emily Kagan
Ernest Chavez
Felice Herrig
Francisco Treviño
Frankie Saenz
Gabriel Benítez
Gasan Umalatov
George Sullivan
Gilbert Burns
Guido Cannetti
Guilherme Vasconcelos
Guto Inocente
Hans Stringer
Heather Jo Clark
Héctor Urbina
Henry Briones
Henry Cejudo
Hernani Perpétuo
Humberto Brown
Ian Entwistle
Jack May
Jake Collier
Jake Lindsey
Jake Matthews
James Moontasri
Jan Blachowicz
Jason Saggo
Jerrod Sanders
Jessica Penne
Jim Alers
Joanna Jędrzejczyk
Joanne Calderwood
Joby Sanchez
Joe Ellenberger
Joe Soto
Johnny Case
Jon Delos Reyes
Jorge de Oliveira
Jose Alberto Quinonez
Josh Copeland
Josh Shockley
Juan Puig
Juliana Lima
Jumabieke Tuerxun
Justin Jones
Kailin Curran
Kajan Johnson
Katsunori Kikuno
Keith Berish
Kevin Lee
Kiichi Kunimoto
Larissa Pacheco
Lauren Murphy
Leandro Issa
Leon Edwards
Leonardo Morales
Leslie Smith
Li Jingliang
Lisa Ellis
Louis Smolka
Luiz Dutra
Luke Zachrich
Mairbek Taisumov
Marcin Bandel
Márcio Alexandre Jr.
Marco Beltrán
Marcos Rogério de Lima
Mark Eddiva
Marlon Vera
Masanori Kanehara
Mats Nilsson
Matt Dwyer
Matt Hobar
Matt Van Buren
Michinori Tanaka
Mike De La Torre
Mike King
Mike Rhodes
Milana Dudieva
Mirsad Bektic
Neil Seery
Nick Hein
Niklas Bäckström
Nina Ansaroff
Ning Guangyou
Noad Lahat
Nolan Ticman
Nordine Taleb
Oleksiy Oliynyk
Olivier Aubin-Mercier
Paige VanZant
Patrick Cummins
Patrick Holohan
Patrick Walsh
Patrick Williams
Paul Felder
Pawel Pawlak
Pedro Munhoz
Randa Markos
Rashid Magomedov
Ray Borg
Renato Moicano
Ricardo Abreu
Richard Walsh
Richardson Moreira
Rin Nakai
Rob Font
Robert Drysdale
Rodolfo Rubio
Rodrigo de Lima
Roger Narvaez
Roldan Sangcha-an
Roman Salazar
Rose Namajunas
Royston Wee
Ruan Potts
Ruslan Magomedov
Russell Doane
Sam Alvey
Sarah Moras
Scott Askham
Sean O'Connell
Sean Soriano
Sean Strickland
Seohee Ham
Shane Howell
Shayna Baszler
Sheldon Westcott
Shinsho Anzai
Shunichi Shimizu
Tae Hyun Bang
Takenori Sato
Tarec Saffiedine
Tateki Matsuda
Tatsuya Kawajiri
Tecia Torres
Thomas Almeida
Tiago Trator
Tim Gorman
Tina Lähdemäki
Tony Martin
Ulka Sasaki
Valérie Létourneau
Valmir Lazaro
Viktor Pešta
Vitor Miranda
Wagner Silva
Wang Anying
Wang Sai
Warlley Alves
Wendell Oliveira
Will Chope
Willie Gates
Yair Rodríguez
Yang Jianping
Yao Zhikui
Yosdenis Cedeno
Yui Chul Nam
Zhang Lipeng
Zubaira Tukhugov
Events list
See also
UFC
List of UFC champions
List of UFC events
References
External links
UFC past events on UFC.com
UFC events results at Sherdog.com
UFC Upcoming events and Past event results at Boldtiger.com
2014 in mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship by year
The Sierra Leone women's national football team represents Sierra Leone in international women's football. It is governed by the Sierra Leone Football Association, which is part of the Confederation of African Football. Sierra Leone has played only four FIFA recognised matches, two in 1994 and two in 2010. The country has under-17 and under-20 women's national sides. The development of women's football in Sierra Leone faces challenges present throughout the continent. Domestically, it faces its own issues including the lack of a women's domestic competition and the decline in popularity of the sport among women.
History
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including Sierra Leone who did not play their first matches until around 1994 when they participated in the qualification phase of the 1995 FIFA Women's World Cup. In a game in Nigeria on 6 November 1994, Sierra Leone women's national football team lost 0–9 to Nigeria after being down 0–6 at the half. In a game in Freetown on 20 November 1994, Sierra Leone women's national football team lost 0–2 to Nigeria after being down 0–2 at the half. These two games represent half of all games the team has played in its history. The team's other two games took place during the preliminary rounds of the 2010 Women's Championship tournament in Africa, which was part of the Olympic qualification process, where Sierra Leone lost during the preliminary round once 2–3 to Guinea in Conakry on 7 March 2010 and tied Guinea 1–1 in Freetown on 20 March 2010. Following this match, the team did not play an international match on any level for at least a year and did not participate 2011 All Africa Games. In March 2012, Sierra Leone was ranked the 135th best in the world and the 26th best in Africa. They improved their ranking to 130th best in the world in June 2012 but at still at the bottom of the world rankings alongside 46 other women's national teams. The team's best ever rank was 128th, which was in 2010, and their worst ever ranking was 136, which they were ranked in 2011.
Background and development
Early development of the women's game at the time colonial powers brought football to Sierra Leone and the continent was limited, as colonial powers in the region tended to take concepts of patriarchy and women's participation in sport with them to local cultures that already had similar concepts already embedded in them. Other factors on the continent impact the development of the game, including limited access to education, poverty among women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When quality players are developed in Africa, they often leave for greater opportunities elsewhere Continent wide; most of the funding for women's football in a country and for the women's national team comes from FIFA, not the national football association. Future success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialise the game is not the solution, as demonstrated by the existence of many youths and women's football camps held on the continent that have resulted in improved national team performance as players progressed through the system.
The United Nations ranked Sierra Leone 180 out of 187 on their Human Development Index. One of the major factors in this low world ranking was gender inequality. Despite a civil war in the country, football remained important to many young people, regardless of gender, in the country. The reason was that football was seen as one way of understanding life by watching what happened on the pitch. In 2007, a football administrator from the country is in charge of the women's football committee in the West African Football Union. In 2011, Brazilian women's football superstar Marta visited the country and met with the national team. Them visit was part of the United Nations Development Programme where Marta is a Goodwill Ambassador. In 2011, there were no national women's league in the country. In 2012, Girls Football League was launched by the Craig Bellamy Foundation after a pilot programme in 2010/2012 in Makeni that included four teams. Girls participating in the programme are given scholarships to attend, with 93% attending school regularly while involved with the programme, a much higher percentage than the national average for female school attendance.
Women are football spectators, watching live games in rural and remote areas of the country. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by the African Union of Broadcasting and Supersport International. The popularity of the sport is declining in the country for women.
Team image
Nicknames
Sierra Leone women's national football team is nicknamed the Sierra Queens.
National under-20 team
Sierra Leone has a Sierra Leone women's national under-20 football team.
They competed in the 2010/2011 FIFA U-20 CAF Women's World Cup qualifying competition. They did not advance to the U20 Women's World Cup. They competed in the preliminary rounds of the 2010 CAF FIFA U20 World Cup. In the preliminary round, they did not have to play as Guiena withdrew from the tournament. In the first round, they were supposed to play Nigeria but withdrew from the tournament. They were to compete in the 2010 African Women U-20 Championship Qualifying tournament against Togo, but Togo earned a walkover win against Sierra Leone. Sierra Leone eventually withdrew from the competition. The announcement was made a week after the under-17 lost 0–3 to the Gambia.
National under-17 team
Sierra Leone has a Sierra Leone women's national under-17 football team. They were supposed to compete in the African Women U-17 Championship Qualifying Tournament 2010. Togo won the first round because Sierra Leone withdrew from the competition. They competed in the CAF qualifiers for the FIFA U-17 World Cup that will be held in Azerbaijan in September 2012. They did not advance out of their region. The team was supposed to play the Gambia women's national under-17 football team in a qualifying match for the 2012 U-17 Qualifying Tournament. Sierra Leone lost the first leg in Banjul, Gambia 0–3. The return match was delayed for 24 hours. The team's head coach attributed the loss to poor refereeing. The game against the Gambia was the country's first junior national international match. The second match was one by Sierra Leone 3–1. Gambia won the first match in 3–0 in a game played in Banjul. The return match was delayed in for 24 hours and played in Makeni. Gambia beat Sierra Leone to qualify for the final round with an aggregate score of 4–3.
The team is coached by Hannah Williams, while Tamba Moses was the assistant coach. Squad members included Cecilia Bangura, Jarriatu Kamara, Hannah Conteh, Haja Kamara, Magret Sesay, Sarah Bangura, Fatmata Turay, Fatmata Mansaray, Kaju Max-Macauley, Aminata Lebbe, Zainab Sesay, Alice Bundor, Adama Sesay, Rashidatu Kamara, Isata Kamara, Wuyiah Muwaid, Nasu Bundor, and Assanatu Jalloh. The cost of travel for the team was paid for by LEOCEM, the country's only cement company. The company's managing director rationalised the decision to pay saying, "We received the request from the SLFA at a very short notice but we decided to help because we want to see female football grow from the grass-roots level and also to meet our corporate social responsibility. We are happy about helping out the female team and we hope they'll eliminate their Gambian counterpart." Members of the under-17 team are drawn from the Airtel Rising Stars tournament.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Anna Williams (????–)
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on 10 October 2021 for the 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Sierra Leone squad in the past 12 months.
Records
Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
Africa Women Cup of Nations record
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
WAFU Women's Cup record
See also
Sport in Sierra Leone
Football in Sierra Leone
Women's football in Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone women's national under-20 football team
Sierra Leone women's national under-17 football team
Sierra Leone men's national football team
References
External links
Official website
FIFA profile
African women's national association football teams
W
Sidra or Sidr () is a port about 23 km west of Ra's Lanuf in Libya. It is Libya's largest oil depot, shipping about , and during the Cold War gave its name to the 'Gulf of Sidra', an alternative name for the Gulf of Sirte. Sidra Airport is directly next to the port.
History
This oil port increased in importance as Libya's economy developed in the last quarter of the 20th century.
Libyan Civil War
During the Libyan Civil War, forces under the leadership of the National Transitional Council captured the port of Sidra at the beginning of March 2011. Pro-Gaddafi forces tried to retake the port from the anti-Gaddafi forces some days later.
Second Libyan Civil War
During the Second Libyan Civil War, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Libyan branch launched an attempt to seize the port in January 2016. At least one oil storage tank was set ablaze by a long-range rocket.
In June 2018, militiamen led by Ibrahim Jadhran seized the port from the Libyan National Army. The LNA recaptured the port on 21 June.
In January 2020, the National Oil Corporation declared force majuere over oil loadings at the port after an blockade was imposed by tribes affiliated with the Libyan National Army of Khalifa Haftar.
In July 2020, the National Oil Corporation reported that Wagner Group, Janjaweed and Syrian mercenaries were present at the port.
External links
Location of vessels in the port of Sidra
References
Port cities and towns in Libya
Populated places in Sirte District
Gulf of Sidra
Populated coastal places in Libya
Tripolitania
Ports and harbors of Libya
The Patimburak Old Mosque () is a mosque located in Kokas District, Fakfak, West Papua, Indonesia. The oldest mosque in Fakfak Regency, the mosque is one of the historical legacies of Islam in Papua and has become one of the centers of Islam in Fakfak Regency.
History
Patimburak Old Mosque was built in 1870. There are two versions of the person responsible of building the mosque: the king of Pertuanan Wertuar and Abuhari Kilian, the first imam of the mosque.
During the colonial period, the mosque was hit by bombs by the Japanese army. This incident has left bullet holes in the pillars of the mosque.
According to Musa Heremba, the imam of the mosque, the spread of Islam in Kokas cannot be separated from the influence of the Tidore Sultanate's power in the Papua region. In the 15th century, the rulers of Tidore began to convert to Islam. Sultan Ciri Leliatu was the first sultan to embrace Islam. Since then, Islam began to develop gradually in the sultanate territory, including Kokas.
Musa Heremba said that the mosque building had undergone several renovations. Even though it maintains its original shape, the original material that has not been replaced is the four supporting pillars found in the mosque.
Inside the mosque
Patimburak Old Mosque is unique in its architecture, which is a combination of the shape of a mosque and a European-style church. Its European style can be found in the mosque's dome which resembles the roof models of European churches, its circular vents, and the wood on the mosque walls. There are also four supporting poles which are believed to be more than a century old which can't be separated from the influence of Islamic teachings. The distinctive hexagon shaped building symbolizes the pillars of faith in Islamic belief as a foundation in religion, while the top of the dome is an octagonal shape symbolizing the eight cardinal directions, where the west wind is marked with mihrab as the direction of prayer in Islamic teachings.
In the courtyard of the mosque, there is a giant mango tree.
Patimburak Old Mosque was built by the local community of Pertuanan Wertuar in mutual cooperation as a demonstration of satu tungku tiga batu ("one furnace three stones") philosophy, which is a concept of tolerance between religious communities in Fakfak. The "three stones" is a symbol of the three major religions in Fakfak : Islam, Protestant, and Catholic. The three stones instituted a furnace and are placed in a circular and spaced manner.
References
Mosques in Indonesia
Mosques completed in 1870
Buildings and structures in West Papua (province)
Athletics at the 1955 Mediterranean Games were held in Barcelona, Spain.
Results
Track
Field
Medal table
Participating nations
References
External links
Complete 1955 Mediterranean Games Standings.
Med
Athletics
1955
Dennis S. Fitzgerald (1865-1936) was a Major League Baseball infielder. They played for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association in , their last year of existence.
External links
Major League Baseball shortstops
Major League Baseball players from England
Philadelphia Athletics (AA) players
1865 births
1936 deaths
Guelph Maple Leafs players
Oswego Sweegs players
Boston Blues players
Lawrence (minor league baseball) players
Salem (minor league baseball) players
Portland (minor league baseball) players
Binghamton Crickets (1880s) players
London Tecumsehs (baseball) players
Elmira (minor league baseball) players
Jackson Jaxons players
Lima Lushers players
New Haven (minor league baseball) players
Rochester Flour Cities players
Omaha Omahogs players
19th-century baseball players
Midnight Man is an album by British musician Davey Graham, released in 1966.
Reception
In their Allmusic review, critic Ritchie Unterberger wrote, "Graham went into a somewhat harder-rocking bluesy groove on this record, though a strong jazz feel was always present in the rhythm especially. More than any other Graham LP, this offers proof that the guitarist would have established themselves as a major star on the folk circuit in the '60s -- if only their singing was better. As a guitarist, he's simply wonderful, combining folk, jazz, and blues styles into an invigorating, idiosyncratic style that can both swing and attain a delicate sadness. As an interpreter, he's relentlessly imaginative, breathing new vigor into overdone R&B standards, or devising fresh folk arrangements for Beatles and Paul Simon tunes."
Track listing
"No Preacher Blues" (Davey Graham) – 2:18
"The Fakir" (Lalo Schifrin) – 4:15
"I'm Looking Thru' You" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) – 2:06
"Hummingbird" (Davy Graham) – 2:42
"Watermelon Man" (Herbie Hancock) – 3:02
"Stormy Monday" (Traditional; arranged by Davey Graham) – 3:41
"Money Honey" (Jesse Stone) – 2:28
"Walkin' the Dog" (Rufus Thomas) – 2:41
"Fire in My Soul" (Blind Willie Johnson) – 1:55
"Lost Lover Blues" (Traditional; arranged by Davey Graham) – 2:08
"Neighbour Neighbour" (Jimmy Hughes, Alton Valier) – 2:37
"Jubilation" (Junior Mance) – 1:49
"Rags and Old Iron" (Oscar Brown, Jr., King Curtis) – 3:24
"Jelly Roll Baker" (Lonnie Johnson) – 2:45
Personnel
Davey Graham – vocals, guitar
Tony Reeves - bass on "The Fakir"
Barry Morgan - drums on "The Fakir"
Technical
Gus Dudgeon - engineer
References
1966 albums
Davey Graham albums
Decca Records albums
was a Japanese ophthalmologist.
At Tokyo University, Nakajima became a Doctor of Medicine in 1945 and a Doctor in Medical Science in 1953. From 1945 to 1949, they worked in the department of ophthalmology of University Hospital, University of Tokyo. From 1949 to 1954 they were the Akita Professor of the eye clinic at the Hanaoka Mine Hospital. At Juntendo University in Tokyo they worked in the ophthalmology department as an assistant professor from 1954 to 1960 and a full professor from 1960 to 1989, retiring there as professor emeritus in 1989.
Dr. Nakajima has done research on many topics in ophthalmology, including Behçet's disease, clinical investigations of lamellar keratoplasty, the epidemiology of age-related cataracts in Tibet, and experimental degeneration of the retina in mice.  They are a member of the Academia Ophthalmologica Internationalis.  They are also a member of the International Council of Ophthalmology (president 1990–1998 and honorary life president since 1998). They were the president of the Asia-Pacific Academy of Ophthalmology in 1972–1976.
They married in 1953 and was the father of two children.
Awards and honors
1986 — Gonin Medal awarded at the University of Lausanne
1987 — José Rizal Medal awarded in Kuala Lumpur by the Asia-Pacific Academy of Ophthalmology
2000 — 3rd Order Middle Rising Sun awarded by the Japanese Emperor
Selected publications
Kenshi Satoh, Masayasu Bando, & Akira Nakajima. "Fluorescence in human lens." Experimental Eye Research 16.2 (1973): 167–172.
Kanjiro Masuda, Akira Urayama, Mitsuko Kogure, Akira Nakajima, Kimihiro Nakae, & Goro Inaba. "Double-masked trial of cyclosporin versus colchicine and long-term open study of cyclosporin in Behçet's disease." The Lancet 333, no. 8647 (1989): 1093–1096.
Tian-Sheng Hu, Q. U. Zhen, Robert D. Sperduto, Jia-Liang Zhao, Roy C. Milton, and Akira Nakajima. "Age-related cataract in the Tibet Eye Study." Archives of Ophthalmology 107, no. 5 (1989): 666–669.
Akira Nakajima. "Epidemiology of visual impairment and blindness." Current Opinion in Ophthalmology 2, no. 6 (1991): 733–738.
Yoshihiro Hotta, Keiko Fujiki, Mutsuko Hayakawa, Akira Nakajima, Atsushi Kanai, Yukihiko Mashima, Yoshiki Hiida, Kei Shinoda, Keiko Yamada, and Yoshihisa Oguchi. "Clinical features of Japanese Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy with 11778 mutation of mitochondrial DNA." Japanese Journal of Ophthalmology 39, no. 1 (1994): 96–108.
References
1923 births
2017 deaths
Japanese ophthalmologists
People from Kumamoto Prefecture
Goules () is a village located on the southeast bank of the river Aliakmon in Servia municipality, Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. It is situated at an altitude of 290 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50500, while the telephone code is +30 24640. At the 2011 census the population was 185.
References
Populated places in Kozani (regional unit)
The Exquisite Sinner is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Josef von Sternberg and adapted by Alice Duer Miller from the novel Escape by Alden Brooks. Starring Conrad Nagel and Renée Adorée, the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) never given a general release. No known print of the film has been recovered to date. Later that same year a second feature film Heaven on Earth, directed by Phil Rosen was released with the same cast and same sets, but a different screenplay. Rosen's version performed poorly at the box office. Sternberg reported, "the result was two ineffective films instead of one.” The American Film Institute Catalog Feature Films: 1921-30 by The American Film Institute.
Plot
The film concerns a young bourgeois Frenchman, Dominique Prad, who spurns their family's lucrative silk business for the bohemian life of an artist. Fleeing their estate to join a band of gypsies, the mentally unstable painter falls in love with a pretty gypsy maiden, Silda.
Cast
Conrad Nagel as Dominique Prad
Renée Adorée as Silda, a gypsy maid
Paulette Duval as Yvonne
Frank Currier as Colonel
George K. Arthur as Colonel's orderly
Matthew Betz as Secchi, the Gypsy chief
Helena D'Algy as Dominique's sister
Claire Du Brey as Dominique's sister
Myrna Loy as Living statue
Background
On the basis of Sternberg's impressive directorial debut, The Salvation Hunters, actor-producer Mary Pickford invited them to direct their next feature and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer brought them under contract. When Sternberg presented them with a screenplay entitled Backwash that incorporated experimental camera techniques and in which they would play a blind girl, Pickford declined it. M-G-M assigned Sternberg, now under an eight-movie contract, to direct a more conventional project, The Exquisite Sinner.
Pre-production
The Exquisite Sinner, Sternberg's first commercial feature, would be meticulously vetted by MGM: “In 1924, the year in which it was formed, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer …possessed a sophisticated system for accessing stories” monitoring every stage of production from story to the screen.
Escape - the working title during production – was based on a novel by the same name by Alden Brooks, a romance set in France just after the end of the First World War. MGM reviewers regarded the novel as “highly dramatic, but slight” that could be made into “a beautiful and compelling picture.” Sternberg presented the studio with “a continuity sketch” (i.e. “treatment”) based on the work...and scriptwriter Alice Duer Miller submitted “a screenplay of 120 scenes based on the novel.” MGM's estimate of Sternberg's sketch was positive, with a caveat: “refreshing…it seems to be directed toward [a] pictorial treatment rather than a logical and consistent development of the story.” Sternberg flew to Quebec, Canada to gather a sense of French Canadian “atmosphere”.
Production
The Exquisite Sinner was filmed in Hollywood during February 1925. Robert Florey, the films assistant director, provides a sketch of Sternberg's on-set persona in the journal Hollywood d'hier et d'aujourd'hui.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer had recently endured the “Teutonic tantrums” exhibited by director Erich von Stroheim during the filming of The Merry Widow and were not amused by Sternberg's histrionics. As the production proceeded, studio executives began to doubt Sternberg's commitments to satisfying their expectations of a commercial success. Despite Sternberg's eccentricities, Florey regarded the completed film as cinematically advanced in photographic technique, describing the movie as “full of interest” and exhibiting “the humor of which Sternberg was a master.”
When MGM reviewed the “finished version”, the film was deemed “photographically and pictorially [impressive]...But it is in vain we look for the theme of the story.” An MGM staff reader considered it “well worthwhile to reconstruct the story and the picture” through re-editing, as well as “injecting some vital sequences.” After a rigorous re-working and a new title - The Exquisite Sinner - the film was previewed to a test audience in March 1925 and “[poor] audience reaction…was a serious blow to the production.” The preview seems to have been “crucial” in determining MGM's decision not to release the film. Despite the considerable investment “The Exquisite Sinner was put on hold.” Studio executives hoped “to make it into something [appealing] to a mass audience.” Their ambivalence towards the picture would result in “two versions of the film [screenplays] that MGM was eventually to make and release by 1927.” By the time The Exquisite Sinner had been pulled “Sternberg had already moved to The Masked Bride, the project that would prompt them to walk out on MGM in the summer of 1925” after just two weeks. Their replacement, Christy Cabanne, would garner sole directorial credit for the Mae Murray feature.
In an effort to salvage The Exquisite Sinner, “MGM set its veteran director Phil Rosen to work on a second version of the film…using the same stars.” This demonstrates that the studio was in a position financially and organizationally to delay release of a major production and “in the meantime entirely rescript and reshoot the film under another director in an attempt to produce a certain profit-earner.” The movie was re-scripted as “a bittersweet wartime romance, the studio hoping to emulate the success of King Vidor's The Big Parade (1925), which also starred Renée Adorée in a romance with a young Frenchman. As a result “MGM had two films on its shelf that shared a [story] source, a title and their stars. It is not clear if the Rosen film also made use of any footage that Sternberg shot in 1925.” Rosen's version was re-titled “Heaven on Earth...a farce comedy...told on screen in a brisk and logical manner which unifies the plot and holds the attention of the audience” according to an MGM reviewer. The second film was released in 1927, after a number of retakes.
Film historian John Baxter describes the Hollywood studio system that was emerging when Sternberg was beginning to make commercial features:
Critical response
As The Exquisite Sinner was never released to the general public, the “reception” to the film is limited to studio employees involved in the production and to film historians. Writing in the early 1930s documentary filmmaker and critic John Grierson defended the film and its director: "He made a fine picture for Metro called The Exquisite Sinner and had been heaved off the payroll for adding some genuine local color to the Breton scene."
The National Board of Review, despite the film's poor performance and Sternberg's own misgivings, selected The Exquisite Sinner as among the top forty best pictures of 1926.
Preservation status
SilentEra says a copy of the film is in the Turner Entertainment Co. archives. It is rumored that the Warner Bros. and Turner Entertainment archives holds a full print of this film, but as of 2014, no print has surfaced. Only a few images, promotional artwork and productions stills are currently known to exist.
References
Sources
Sarris, Andrew. 1966. The Films of Josef von Sternberg. Museum of Modern Art/Doubleday. New York, New York.
Baxter, John. 1971. The Cinema of Josef von Sternberg. The International Film Guide Series. A.S Barners & Company, New York.
Baxter, John, 1993. Just Watch! Paramount, Sternberg and America. British Film Institute, BFI Publishing.
External links
1926 films
1926 drama films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Josef von Sternberg
Films directed by Phil Rosen
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1920s American films
Charles Pépin is a French philosopher and novelist. They were born in Saint Cloud in 1973.  They are the author of several bestsellers, such as Les Vertus de l'échec (Allary Éditions, 2016), La Confiance en soi (Allary Éditions, 2018) and La Planète des sages (Dargaud, 2011 et 2015).
Books
Essays
Une semaine de philosophie, Flammarion, 2006 / J'ai Lu, 2008
Les Philosophes sur le divan - Quand Freud rencontre Platon, Kant et Sartre, Flammarion, 2008 / J'ai Lu, 2010
Qu'est-ce qu'avoir du pouvoir ?, Desclée de Brouwer, 2010
Ceci n'est pas un manuel de philosophie, Flammarion, 2010
Un homme libre peut-il croire en Dieu, Éditions de l'opportun, 2012
Quand la Beauté nous sauve, Robert Laffont, 2013, Marabout 2014
Les Vertus de l'échec, Allary Éditions, 2016
La Confiance en soi, Allary Éditions, 2018
La Rencontre, Allary Éditions, 2021
Novels
Descente, Flammarion, 1999
Les Infidèles, Flammarion, 2003
La Joie, Allary Éditions, 2015, Folio, 2016
Cartoons
La planète des sages, Tome 1 - Encyclopédie mondiale des philosophes et des philosophies, en collaboration avec Jul, Dargaud, 2011,
Platon La Gaffe - Survivre au travail avec les philosophes, avec Jul, Dargaud, 2013
La planète des sages, Tome 2 - Encyclopédie mondiale des philosophes et des philosophies, en collaboration avec Jul, Dargaud, 2015,
50 nuances de Grecs, Tome 1 - Encyclopédie des mythes et des mythologies, avec Jul, Dargaud, 2017
50 nuances de Grecs, Tome 2 - Encyclopédie des mythes et des mythologies, avec Jul, Dargaud, 2019
References
21st-century French philosophers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fouzia Ejaz Khan () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Personal life
Fouzia is daughter of Pakistani politician Kasim Razvi, whose influence and unrealistic vision proved the most detrimental to the interests of Hyderabad State in the crucial years of 1947–48. Them daughter, Atiya Khan is an ex- supermodel and Sufi filmmaker in Pakistan.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement on a seat reserved for women from Sindh in the 2008 Pakistani general election. They resigned from their National Assembly seat in 2012 due to having a dual nationality.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Muttahida Qaumi Movement MNAs
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Year of birth missing (living people)
Muhajir people
Schlägerstraße is a station on the B tunnel (all lines) of the Hanover Stadtbahn. It is located inside the district of Hannover Südstadt.
References
Hanover Stadtbahn stations
The 21st Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union took place in Moscow, USSR 27 January - 5 February 1959. It was a mid-term or "Extraordinary" Congress, timed so that Khrushchev could try to consolidate their power over rivals after the attempted coup of the Anti-Party Group in 1957. The Seven-Year Plan of economic development was adopted.
The seven-year plan
At the projected rate of growth, Soviet textile production would, by the end of the seven-year plan, approach the level of the United States, both in total output and per capita. The total amount of capital construction investment stipulated in the seven-year plan was equivalent to the total capital construction investment of the Soviet Union over 40 years.
The seven-year plan called for an almost fivefold increase in national income over 1940 levels, and an increase of the real incomes of workers and collective farm holders by about 40%. There were also plans to develop residential buildings and expand nurseries, kindergartens, boarding schools and nursing homes. The working week was expected to be reduced to 40 hours by 1962 and to 35 to 30 hours in 1964 to 1968. The seven-year plan also stipulated that school education at all levels would be greatly improved.
On the basis of summing up the experience of socialist construction in the Soviet Union and the achievements of the socialist system, the 21st Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union raised theoretical questions about the transition from socialism to communism. In their report, Khrushchev elaborated the two stages of the communist society and the transition from socialism to communism, the material and technological basis for the construction of communist society, and the distribution of the material and spiritual wealth of the society under the conditions of socialism and communism.
International situation
Khrushchev believed that the correct settlement of the German question was essential to the maintenance of peace and national security. In order to achieve German reunification, the Soviet Union supported the democratic circles of Germany government of the German Democratic Republic to form a federation. The Soviet Union was preparing to withdraw not only from Germany, but also from Poland and Hungary, where it had entered under the Warsaw Pact. The Soviet Union supported the plans of the People's Republic of Poland to establish an "atomic-free zone" in Europe and reduce conventional weapons in the area.
With regard to the Middle and Near East, the countries that had achieved national liberation would continue to need the support of the socialist countries and all progressive peoples, and the Soviet Union was strengthening friendly relations with other socialist countries. The Soviet Union was ready to sign on to the destruction of atomic, hydrogen and rocket weapons.
The party
Khrushchev accused the "revisionists" in Yugoslavia of minimizing the role of the Party and, in effect, rejecting the Leninist doctrine that the Party was the guiding force in the struggle for socialism. All Communist and workers' parties would exist and struggle on the basis of complete independence and the principles of proletarian internationalism, voluntary cooperation and mutual assistance. The role of the Soviet Union was not to control other countries, but to serve as a model for other socialist countries by being the first country to blaze the path of socialism. The socialist countries were united by the common goal of liberation, hard work and universal peace.
Relationship with China
Khrushchev alluded to the need to draw lessons from the Chinese communes, lest other socalism countries blindly follow China's ideas of the Great Leap Forward and inflict irreparable economic and political damage. On February 7, 1959, Zhou Enlai and Khrushchev signed an agreement on economic cooperation between China and the Soviet Union in Moscow. The agreement stipulated that between 1959 and 1967, 78 large enterprises and power stations in the fields of metallurgy, chemistry, coal, petroleum and machinery manufacturing would be built in China. The Soviet Union would provide equipment, design and various other technical assistance, with a total value of about 5 billion rubles. China would compensate the Soviet Union by supplying it with goods under existing trade agreements.
See also
Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
References
External links
Control Figures for the Economic Development of the U.S.S.R. for 1959-1965: Report Delivered at the 21st Extraordinary Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. January 27, 1959 by Nikita Khrushchev
Decisions of the Twenty-First Extraordinary Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. January 27-February 5, 1959
Communist Party of the Soviet Union 21
Congress
Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
The Swaziland Kids Rugby Mission (SKRUM) was founded by Michael Collinson from Yorkshire in 2008 as a nonprofit organization that uses the game of rugby to engage children and teach them about sex awareness and education to curb the spread of HIV/AIDS. Michael Collinson, a former rugby player and coach, was paralyzed in a car accident in 2002. After battling years of depression, they realized just how much HIV/AIDS was affecting the local population and founded SKRUM to use rugby as a teaching tool against HIV/AIDS. Since its founding, SKRUM has visited 650 of the 817 schools in Eswatini and it reaches 12,000 youth each year through school and community outreach efforts. SKRUM's moto is “Pass the Ball Not the Virus.”
External links
SKRUM official website
References
HIV/AIDS in Africa
Cyclothone atraria, commonly known as the deep-water bristlemouth, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyclothone. It is found in the North Pacific.
References
Gonostomatidae
Fish described in 1905
Yifeng County () is a county in the northwest of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Yichun.
Administrative divisions
Yifeng County currently has 7 towns and 5 townships.
7 towns
5 townships
Demographics
The population of the district was in 1999.
Climate
Notes and references
External links
Government site -
County-level divisions of Jiangxi
Jobe Bells is a Christmas-themed hip hop album from independent rapper Afroman, released in 2004. It contains drug/sex themed parodies of various Christmas songs, such as the "12 Days of Christmas" and "Silent Night". The album received an unfavorable review from Rolling Stone.
Track listing
"Deck My Balls" (Intro) – 1:30
"Violent Night" – 5:51
"12 J's of Christmas" – 2:18
"Jobe Bells" – 2:09
"O Chronic Tree" – 1:25
"A Strainj Poem" – 2:54
"Death to the World" – 1:07
"Palmbells" – 1:04
"Nutscracker" – 1:38
"An Even Strainjer Poem" – 4:15
"12 J's of Christmas" (Instrumental) – 3:15
"I Wish You Would Roll a New Blunt" – 1:41
References
Afroman albums
2004 Christmas albums
Christmas albums by American artists
Presidential Emergency Action Documents (PEADs) are draft classified executive orders, proclamations, and messages to Congress that are prepared for the President of the United States to exercise or expand powers in anticipation of a range of emergency hypothetical worst-case scenarios, so that they are ready to sign and put into effect the moment one of those scenarios comes to pass. They are defined by the Federal Emergency Management Agency as the "Final drafts of Presidential messages, proposed legislation proclamations, and other formal documents, including DOJ-issued cover sheets addressed to the President, to be issued in event of a Presidentially-declared national emergency."
PEADs originated in the Eisenhower Administration in response to fears of the Cold War and nuclear war, and are part of what is often referred to as Continuity of Government (COG) planning. Signed orders for a broad scope of issues were drafted and signed by the president intended to be used to prevent disruption of government functions. Only a very limited number of PEADs are public knowledge, and only through secondary declassified documents that mention them. Of these the trend of the orders is toward a severe reduction of liberty and civil rights for American citizens. No PEADs have been declassified, however they are referenced in FBI memoranda that were obtained through the Freedom of Information Act, agency manuals, and court records.
The orders are classified, and none have ever been publicly released or leaked. They are therefore obscure and generally unknown to average Americans, scholars and even Executive branch officials, and are sometimes referred to as "secret powers" of the President. Some have also called into question their constitutional viability.
History
Origins and Implementation
PEADs and COG planning seems to have originated in the Eisenhower Administration in an attempt to plan for the aftermath of a nuclear exchange with the Soviet Union and designed to be rapidly implemented to prevent disruption to Government services. Of these orders there were plans for relocating centers for government functions and suspending habeas corpus. They even called for the creation of new government agencies to be chaired by a mixture of both civilian business people and cabinet secretaries without any scope of their exact function or lifespan, the only focus being on their activation on the day of a nuclear attack. These new agencies included: The Office of Censorship, National Manpower Agency, and National Food Agency. These agencies were authorized to "requisition or condemn private property or its use," pursuant to act of Congress and/or executive order, and it was thought this would be necessary to rebuild the country and maintain law and order.
Over time, the circumstances under which PEADs could be executed expanded to include events beyond nuclear warfare. One example is a 1968 FBI Memorandum from the Johnson Administration. The memorandum recommended a "Priority Apprehension Program based on dangerousness[sic] of individuals on SI" referring to the government "Security Index," and noting that the government had "recently amended [its] definition of a dangerous person in new Presidential Emergency Action Document 6, broadening it to include terrorists or persons who would interfere with Government operation and defense effort [sic]"." This Security Index contained the names of individuals whom the government considered threats and should be immediately apprehended and detained to prevent sabotage, espionage, and insurrection and contained 10,000 names. Former Carter Administration official referred to this as "The Enemies Briefcase."
In 1973, the Congressional Church Committee, attempted to uncover various unconstitutional acts by the Executive Branch in the wake of The Watergate Scandal. This committee ended up finding copious amounts of evidence that presidents and their agents had routinely violated the Constitution going back to at least the Roosevelt Administration. The conclusions of the Committee were that the President indeed could: “seize property and commodities, seize control of transport and communications, organize and control the means of production, assign military forces abroad, and restrict travel." They also revealed that States of Emergency had been implemented and remained permanent for decades. The Committees findings were largely ignored by the public, as the Ford Administration did their best to thwart their activities, and a bill they eventually passed to terminate national emergencies after six months was completely ineffective and eventually forgotten. In 1977 Congress passed the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control which expanded the Presidents ability to declare National Emergencies and implement unconstitutional policies.
No memoranda that are more recent than 1979 have been found that contain references to PEADs. However, CNN reported in 1991 that the Reagan administration had continued COG planning and revealed plans drafted by then Vice President George H. W. Bush that included a separate line of succession to the presidency conflicting with the Constitution.
Subsequent investigations have revealed that the Clinton, Bush, and Obama administrations have continued COG planning and maintained previous PEADs or developed new ones. The Security Index is also still maintained, now known as "Main Core," and is reported to contain eight million names. Since February 2000 PEADs are retained by FEMA "permanent[ly,]" until "superseded obsolete."
Public Awareness
Though there were academic articles and books discussing them since the 1980s, explicit public discussion about PEADS in the media did not begin until March 2020 when President Donald Trump said: “I have the right to do a lot of things that people don't even know about,” during a White House press briefing with Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland leading to an April 10 op-ed in the New York Times by Elizabeth Goitein, co-director of the Liberty and National Security Program at NYU's Brennan Center for Justice entitled "Trump Has Emergency Powers We Aren't Allowed to Know About."
This led to several pieces in major news outlet such as CBS News, Politico, and Harper's Weekly, as well as former senior White House officials and Senators going public with what they know of PEADS, such as Former Colorado Senator Gary Hart, Mark Medish, a senior National Security Council director under Clinton, and Joel McCleary, a White House official in the Carter Administration.
Legislation
On July 22, 2020 a Senate bill, S.4279 or The REIGN Act of 2020, was introduced by Sen. Edward J. Markey D-MA that was the first piece of legislation to directly acknowledge PEADs, making reference to 56 documents described as ‘‘presidential emergency action documents'' in the budget justification materials for the Office of Legal Counsel of the Department of Justice submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2018. The bill's sole purpose was to legislate PEADs. The bill would have forced the President to submit any PEAD that went into effect to congressional scrutiny within 30 days. Active PEADs would have to be mostly declassified within 180 days, and any parts considered too sensitive to declassify would have to be summarized in a public report. Finally, any documents in effect when the legislation passed would also have to be declassified or summarized. The REIGN Act ultimately died in committee.
On September 30, 2021, a bipartisan bill, known as H.R. 5410 or The National Security Reforms and Accountability Act (NSRAA), that borrows most of the language from the REIGN Act relating to PEADs, was introduced to Congress by James P. McGovern, D-MA, chairperson of the House Rules Committee, and Rep. Peter Meijer, R-MI, ranking member of the United States Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security. The bills stated purpose is "To provide for clarification and limitations with respect to the exercise of national security powers, and for other purposes".
Notes
References
Thronson, Patrick A. Toward Comprehensive Reform of America's Emergency Law Regime. University of Michigan Journal of Law Reform Vol. 46:2. Pages 737-787.
Matthew L. Conaty. THE ATOMIC MIDWIFE: THE EISENHOWER ADMINISTRATION'S CONTINUITY-OF-GOVERNMENT PLANS AND THE LEGACY OF 'CONSTITUTIONAL DICTATORSHIP'. Rutgers Law Review Vol. 62:3 2010,
FED. EMERGENCY MGMT. AGENCY [FEMA], FEMA MANUAL 5400.2 111 (effective Feb. 29, 2000)
Hobson v. Brennan, 646 F. Supp. 884, 896 (D.D.C. 1986) (reproducing an FBI memorandum to W.C. Sullivan from C.D. Brennan entitled "Program for Apprehension and Detention of Persons Considered Potentially Dangerous to the National Defense and Public Safety of the United States (DETPRO)")
Norma Carranza De León is a Puerto Rican politician from the New Progressive Party (PNP). They served as member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 2001. They have a Bachelor's degree in Sciences of the nutrition from the University of Puerto Rico, a master's degree in that subject at Tulane University School of Medicine, and a doctorate in medicine from the Dominican University.
Carranza was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1992 general election. They represented the District of Arecibo, along with Víctor Marrero Padilla. Carranza was reelected at the 1996 general election.
Carranza ran for a third term at the 2000 general elections, but was defeated by the candidates of the PPD.
Since their departure from Puerto Rican politics, Norma Carranza, returned to the private medical practice.
See also
21st Senate of Puerto Rico
References
Living people
Members of the Senate of Puerto Rico
People from Hatillo, Puerto Rico
Tulane University School of Medicine alumni
University of Puerto Rico alumni
20th-century Puerto Rican women politicians
20th-century Puerto Rican politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Puerto Rican women politicians
21st-century Puerto Rican politicians
Daria Gleissner (born 30 June 1993), also rendered in German as Gleißner, is a German ice hockey player for the Memmingen Indians and the German national team.
They experienced an accident in training against the US team in Sotchi 5 February 2014 but made a full recovery. They participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
German women's ice hockey defencemen
People from Kaufbeuren
Sportspeople from Swabia (Bavaria)
Ion Gheorghe Duca (; 20 December 1879 – 29 December 1933) was Romanian politician and the Prime Minister of Romania from 14 November to 29 December 1933, when they were assassinated for their efforts to suppress the fascist Iron Guard movement.
Early life
Duca was born in Bucharest on 20 December 1879. They were initiated into Freemasonry while they were studying in France. They completed their studies at the University of Paris, earning a doctorate in law in 1902. As part of a group of professors, physicians, soldiers and other professions, they helped bring scouting to Romania (see also Cercetașii României).
Political career
Duca entered Romania's Chamber of Deputies for the National Liberal Party in 1907. They served in the cabinet from 1914, and was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1922. They were an avid supporter of the Little Entente, formed between Romania, Yugoslavia, and Czechoslovakia to fend off Hungarian irredentist claims (Hungary claimed Transylvania and the Banat, which Romania gained after World War I) and prevent the House of Habsburg from returning to power in Central Europe.
In November 1933, King Carol II asked Duca to head the government as prime minister in preparation for the December elections.
In this capacity, Duca worked to keep in check the rising support for the Iron Guard, also known as Legion of the Archangel Michael, a fascist movement led by Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, even outlawing the For the Country Party, its political arm. What followed was a time of violence when police on orders from Duca sometimes attacked Iron Guard members (which led to the deaths of 18 of the members), and jailed thousands of them. Shortly after, many of the Iron Guard members were released from jail.
Assassination
On 29 December 1933, just 45 days into their prime ministership, Duca was summoned to Peleș Castle, in Sinaia, for consultations with the king. On the return trip, at night, Duca was shot to death on the platform of the Sinaia train station. This was done in revenge for the actions taken by Duca against the Iron Guard, and because they had allowed for increased Jewish immigration while blocking that of Aromanians to Dobrudja. Duca's assassination was the first major political assassination in Romania since 1862.
Duca was assassinated by three Iron Guard members, that formed the Nicadori Iron Guard death squad, comprising Nicolae Constantinescu, Ion Caranica, and Doru Belimace. All three were arrested straight away and sentenced to hard labour for life. They were all killed, as were many other Iron Guard leaders, on 30 November 1938 while being transported to Jilava prison.
Legacy
Duca wrote extensive memoirs about their experiences as a cabinet minister during World War I. Their son, George, edited Duca and George's memoirs while at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University in the 1970s and 1980s.
There are streets named after them in Bucharest, Constanța, Craiova, Eforie, Mediaș, and Otopeni, as well as a gymnasium in Petroșani.
References
External links
Hoover article 1
Hoover article 2
1879 births
1933 deaths
Anti-fascists
Politicians from Bucharest
National Liberal Party (Romania, 1875) politicians
Prime Ministers of Romania
Romanian Ministers of Agriculture
Romanian Ministers of Culture
Romanian Ministers of Education
Romanian Ministers of Foreign Affairs
Romanian Ministers of Interior
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Romania)
Romanian memoirists
Romanian Freemasons
Scouting pioneers
Scouting and Guiding in Romania
People assassinated by the Romanian Iron Guard
Deaths by firearm in Romania
People murdered in Romania
Assassinated heads of government
University of Paris alumni
Romanian expatriates in France
Fantasy Warriors is a fantasy miniatures board game for two players that was published by Grenadier Models Inc. in 1990.
Gameplay
Fantasy Warriors is a miniatures wargame designed by Nick Lund that features battles between dwarves and orcs. It comes as a boxed set with the following components:
56-page rulebook
Six groups of 17 unpainted plastic miniatures (three groups of dwarves, and three groups of orcs) totalling 102 miniatures
150 paper status counters
reference card
several 6-sided dice
Set-up
The players decide on a playing surface large enough to hold both armies, and how many points can be spent on each army. Players then allocate those points on a warchief and various units. Each player records the eleven different attributes and statistics for each leader and unit.
Opening sequence
Each player rolls dice to decide which side moves first. Each player has their warchief make a boast that will effect the morale of the warchief's army. For example, if the warchief declares that they will not be moved from their spot, their army will get a morale bonus as long as the warchief does not move.
Combat
The warchief for the first side issues orders to each unit to either Attack (charge into melee), Hold (stay in place), or Oppose (move to the best defensive position). The side then fires missile weapons, units that have been ordered to move do so, melee combat is resolved, and units check their morale. The other side then goes through the same sequence.
Magic
There are three types of spellcasters in the game:
Priests can undo a die roll, forcing the opposing player to re-roll.
Soothsayers give bonuses to their army's morale checks.
Wizards can spend points to cast magic from a list of ten spells.
Expansions
After Fantasy Warriors was published, Grenadier Models gradually released several hundred new sets of miniatures that could be used to replace or augment the original groups of orcs and dwarves.
Reception
In the January 1992 edition of Dragon (Issue #177), Mike Bethke thought this "was an excellent game to get people started in miniatures gaming." They felt the rulebook was clearly written and amply illustrated, with good examples given for each situation. They thought the miniatures were reasonably well cast, although they criticized each miniature for having "a very annoying stub of plastic in the middle of its back [that] must be carefully cut away." They aren't enthralled with the paper status counters, which they felt cluttered the playing surface, and also suggested that players glue them to cover stock to make them sturdier. They concluded by giving the game an above average rating of 4.5 out of 5, calling it "an excellent buy at $30, even if all you want are the 102 figures."
In the next issue of Dragon (February 1992, Issue #178), Rick Swan called the game "a solid effort", and lauded the company for including so many individualized miniatures. They did feel that the combat rules were overly complex, especially for beginning players, but called the magic system "the most entertaining element of the Fantasy Warriors game." They thought the game would be much stronger with "more spells, imaginative scenarios [...] and judicious editing." They concluded by giving the game an average rating of 4 out of 6, saying, "There's still a lot to like, particularly in the boasting rules, what there is of the magic system, and all those nifty plastic orcs and dwarves."
References
Board games introduced in 1990
Gilberto Carlos González Parra (born December 15, 1970 in Caracas, Distrito Capital) is a triathlete from Venezuela.
González competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took thirty-seventh place with a total time of 1:52:13.03. Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, González again competed. They placed thirty-sixth with a time of 1:59:12.20. González won the gold medal at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg (Canada) in 1999.
They have taught mathematics in the University of the Andes (ULA) since 1996, and has an Msc degree in applied mathematics from ULA. They have a doctorate in applied mathematics from the Polytechnic University of Valencia (UPV).
Career achievements
Major results
Source:
1995
35th Elite Overall 1995 Cancun ITU Triathlon World Championships
1997
20th Elite Overall 1997 Stockholm ITU Triathlon World Cup
6th Elite Overall 1997 Tiszaujvaros ITU Triathlon World Cup
7th Elite Overall 1997 Perth ITU Triathlon World Championships
1998
1st Elite Overall 1998 Cancun ITU Triathlon World Cup
1st Elite Overall 1998 Noosa ITU Triathlon World Cup
10th Elite Overall 1998 Gamagori ITU Triathlon World Cup
15th Elite Overall 1998 Ishigaki ITU Triathlon World Cup
17th Elite Overall 1998 Auckland ITU Triathlon World Cup
1999
Gold medalist at 1999 Winnipeg Pan American Games.
5th Elite Overall 1999 Noosa ITU Triathlon World Cup
6th Elite Overall 1999 Corner Brook ITU Triathlon World Cup
8th Elite Overall 1999 Cancun ITU Triathlon World Cup
3rd Elite Overall 1999 Margarita Island PATCO Triathlon South American Championships
15th Elite Overall 1999 Lausanne ITU Triathlon World Cup
2000
2nd Elite Overall 2000 Toronto ITU Triathlon World Cup
3rd Elite Overall 2000 Corner Brook ITU Triathlon World Cup
12th Elite Overall 2000 Rio de Janeiro ITU Triathlon World Cup
37th 2000 Sydney Olympic Games
2001
1st Elite Overall 2001 Bogota ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
1st Elite Overall 2001 Guatemala ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
12th Elite Overall 2001 St. Petersburg ITU Triathlon World Cup
27th 2001 Toronto ITU Triathlon World Cup
2001
1st Elite Overall 2001 Bogota ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
1st Elite Overall 2001 Guatemala ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
12th Elite Overall 2001 St. Petersburg ITU Triathlon World Cup
17th Elite Overall 2001 Cancun ITU Triathlon World Cup
27th Elite Overall 2001 Toronto ITU Triathlon World Cup
2002
2nd Elite Overall 2002 La Paz ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
2nd Elite Overall 2002 Rincon ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
4th Elite Overall 2002 Boston ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
14th Elite Overall 2002 St. Petersburg ITU Triathlon World Cup
20th Elite Overall 2002 Makuhari ITU Triathlon World Cup
2003
1st Elite Overall 2003 Bogota ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
2nd Elite 2003 Margarita Island PATCO Triathlon South American Championships
3rd Elite Overall 2003 Amatique ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
12th Elite Overall 2003 Santo Domingo Pan American Games
20th Elite Overall 2003 Corner Brook ITU Triathlon World Cup
2004
1st Elite Overall 2004 Rincon ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
3rd Elite 2004 Valle de Bravo ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
15th Elite Overall 2004 Corner Brook ITU Triathlon World Cup
36th Elite Overall 2004 Athens Olympic Games
40th Elite Overall 2004 Mazatlan ITU Triathlon World Cup
2005
1st Elite Overall 2005 Panama ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
4th Elite Overall 2005 Bogota PATCO Triathlon Pan American Championships
7th Elite Overall 2005 Rincon ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
2006
1st Elite Overall 2006 Bogota ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
2nd Elite Overall 2006 Lecheria ITU Triathlon Pan American Cup
45th Elite Overall 2006 Lausanne ITU Triathlon World Championships
2007
24th Elite Overall 2007 Rio de Janeiro Pan American Games
2011
43rd Elite Overall 2011 Guatape ITU Triathlon World Cup
References
1970 births
Living people
Venezuelan male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Venezuela
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2003 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2007 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from Caracas
Pan American Games gold medalists for Venezuela
Pan American Games medalists in triathlon
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for Venezuela
Competitors at the 2002 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in triathlon
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
20th-century Venezuelan people
21st-century Venezuelan people
Maria Alquilar (also known as Barbara Taffet, née Pincus; May 25, 1928 - June 5, 2014) was an American ceramic artist. Them work is featured at the Smithsonian American Art Museum, and collections of the Chase Manhattan Bank, the San Francisco Arts Commission, and the Downey Museum. They were the founder of the Jennifer Pauls Gallery in Sacramento.
Biography
Barbara Pincus was born in New York City in 1928. Them father was Spanish and their mother was Russian Jewish. They earned a bachelor of arts in 1955 from Hunter College. Pincus married Frank Taffet in 1949. When Taffet died in 1973, they changed their name to Maria Alquilar. Beginning in the 1980s Alquilar lived in Santa Cruz, California and Miami, Florida.
Alquilar spent their early life working as both a teacher and a social worker. Them gaze shifted to art when in 1970, they and Colette Garrison opened the Jennifer Pauls Gallery in Old Sacramento. Alquilar focused on expressionistic and figurative imagery and showcased artists such as Anne Gregory, Ken Little, Joan Moment and Mary Warner. They later became the sole owner of the gallery, and took it with them when they moved to Lake of the Pines and then Roseville. They eventually returned to Sacramento, installing the Jennifer Pauls Gallery in a shared space with the Himovitz/Solomon Gallery.
In 1986, Alquilar sold the Jennifer Pauls Gallery to focus on their own art. They were well known for using bright, vibrant colors and dreamy imagery. They created over a multitude of mediums.  They are most well known for their ceramic murals, many of which can be seen throughout Sacramento.
In 2004, they were commissioned by the city of Livermore, California to create a mural for the city's new public library. When the $40,000 mural was unveiled in October 2004, the names of two books and 11 prominent historical figures, such as Albert Einstein, were misspelled. They initially refused to fix the mural, citing artistic license. However, they quietly returned to correct the misspellings the following summer.
References
1928 births
2014 deaths
American ceramists
20th-century American women artists
Hunter College alumni
American contemporary painters
American muralists
21st-century ceramists
American women ceramists
20th-century ceramists
21st-century American women artists
Artists from New York City
American people of Spanish descent
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
Women muralists
Daun Sessoms Hester (born October 7, 1955) is an American politician and educator. They served on the nonpartisan Norfolk, Virginia City Council 1996–2010, and was vice mayor 2004–08.
Early life, education, family
Hester was born in Norfolk and grew up in the Five Points neighborhood, graduating from Norview High School. They received a Bachelor of Science degree in education from Virginia State University in 1978 and a Master of Arts in education and human development from George Washington University in 1990.
Hester worked for Norfolk Public Schools for 22 years.
Electoral history
Political career
Hester was first elected to Norfolk City Council in 1996, representing Superward 7. In 2004, they were chosen as vice mayor by their fellow council members, holding that position until 2008. In 2010, they ran for mayor against the incumbent, Paul D. Fraim, and two other challengers, losing to Fraim, 64% to 30%. After losing the election, they resigned their council seat.
State Senator Yvonne B. Miller died in July 2012, creating an opening in the 5th Senate district. Delegate Kenneth Cooper Alexander won their seat in a September 4 special election, creating another vacancy in the 89th House district. Hester defeated Yvonne Allmond, a banker, 840–290 in a Democratic party firehouse primary on October 17. Hester then defeated James J. St. John, an independent, in the special election on December 18.
Notes
External links
(Constituent/campaign website)
1955 births
Living people
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
Virginia city council members
Women state legislators in Virginia
African-American state legislators in Virginia
African-American women in politics
Virginia Democrats
Virginia State University alumni
George Washington University Graduate School of Education and Human Development alumni
Politicians from Norfolk, Virginia
Women city councillors in Virginia
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
African-American city council members
Sir Richard Henry Archibald Carter, (31 March 1887 – 10 November 1958) was a British civil servant.
Family and education
Carter was born in Brompton, London, the eldest son of Col. Alfred Henry Carter and their wife, Katherine Matilda Tylden. They were educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, and was a member of the United University Club. They were married in 1923 to the only daughter of W. E. Painter; they had no children.
Career
Carter was a private secretary to the Secretary of State for India (Lord Birkenhead) from 1924 to 1927, assistant secretary to the Indian Statutory Commission from 1927 to 1930, Secretary-General of the Round Table Conference from 1930 to 1931, Assistant Under-Secretary of State for India in 1936, Permanent Secretary of the Admiralty from 1936 to 1940, chairperson of the Eastern Group Supply Council, Delhi from 1941 to 1942, chairperson of the Board of Customs and Excise from 1942 to 1947, Permanent Under-Secretary of State for India in 1947, Joint Permanent Under-Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations in 1948 and chairperson of the Monopolies and Restrictive Practices Commission from 1949 to 1953.
Honours and death
Carter was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1930, a Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire in 1935, a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1938 and a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1949. They died on 19 November 1958.
References
1887 births
1958 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Knights Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire
Permanent Under-Secretaries of State for India
Permanent Secretaries to the Admiralty
Chairmen of the Board of HM Customs and Excise
Civil servants in the Commonwealth Relations Office
DJ Dan is the creator of Propaganda (indie club night), at the age of 20 while still studying at Bristol University. Originating in a small 200 capacity clubs in Bristol, it has since become the UK's biggest indie night with over 20,000 people attending it every week in cities including
London, Sydney, Dublin and Bristol and Manchester.
In 2005, DJ Dan DJed for Oasis at the Milton Keynes Bowl, which resulted in them being their official aftershow DJ. Including their last UK stadium tour in 2009 where they DJed at venues including Wembley Stadium and the Cardiff Millennium
Stadium.
In 2007, DJ Dan played at Oasis' personal Brit Awards Party, which saw them DJ to artists including Amy Winehouse, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Lily Allen, Courtney Love, Muse, The Killers, Arctic Monkeys, Aerosmith, Kasabian and The Stereophonics.
DJ Dan's festival appearances include, Reading Festival, V Festival, Oxegen, Bestival, Snowbombing and The Big Chill.
In 2010, DJ Dan presented ‘Radio Propaganda' on NME Radio along with Alex Zane.
References
External links
Propaganda Website
British DJs
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2005 DFL-Ligapokal was the ninth edition of the Ligapokal, now under control of the Deutsche Fußball Liga (DFL) as opposed to the German Football Association (DFB). The competition saw some format changes, with the preliminary round matches being played consecutively in the same stadium, and the final moved to the new Zentralstadion in Leipzig. Schalke 04 won their first title, beating VfB Stuttgart 1–0 in the final.
Participating clubs
A total of six teams qualified for the competition. The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:
1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc.: League position
CW: Cup winners
TH: titleholders
Matches
Preliminary round
Semi-finals
Final
References
DFL-Ligapokal seasons
Ligapokal
Toxins is a monthly open-access scientific journal covering toxins and toxicology. Toxins are published monthly online by MDPI.
The French Society on Toxinology (SFET), International Society for Mycotoxicology (ISM), Japanese Society of Mycotoxicology (JSMYCO) and European Uremic Toxins (EUTox) Work Group are affiliated with Toxins.
The journal covers toxinology and all kinds of toxins (biotoxins) from animals, microbes and plants. Some types of toxins covered are: aflatoxins, exotoxins, endotoxins, neurotoxins, any other toxin from animal, plant or microbial origin.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed, Science Citation Index Expanded, and Scopus. Its 2017 impact factor is 3.273.
External links
Toxins: State of the Journal Report, 2017.
References
Toxicology journals
Open access journals
MDPI academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 2009
PacMin (Pacific Miniatures) is a manufacturer of model aircraft.
History
PacMin was founded in 1946 by two employees of Douglas Aircraft Company. The purpose was to create models for people to see the interior of aircraft in order to get nervous travelers to fly. The company created large cutaway models that became mainstays for travel agencies. PacMin began creating smaller models scaled to one hundredth of the aircraft size which became what the company was known for.
In 1986 it was purchased by Fred Ouweleen. In 1995 the company relocated to Fullerton, California.
In a 2015 article, The Jakarta Post wrote that the company is the "world's biggest plane model manufacturer".
See also
List of model aircraft manufacturers
References
Model aircraft
The Autonomous Port of Abidjan is a commercial port at Treichville, in southern Abidjan, Ivory Coast. It is a transshipment and intermodal facility and is managed as a public industrial and commercial establishment; the Director-General is Hien Sié.
The Port of Abidjan opened in 1951 after the development of the Vridi Canal, which enables deep-sea ships to use the port. It is the most important port in West Africa and the second most important in Africa after the Port of Durban. It is a major contributor to the economy of the Ivory Coast, and the greater part of the external trade of landlocked countries such as Burkina Faso, Mali, Niger, Chad, and Guinea also passes through it.
The port conforms to the ISPS code. It offers a variety of related services, refining and industrial processing facilities. The leading companies operating at the port are SDV-SAGA (which employs over 4,000 people), SETV Terminal Operating Company Vridi, Sitarail and SIMAT.
History
The coast of the Ivory Coast had been an important site of commerce since the 15th century, with maritime traffic using the ocean lagoons as open roadsteads. During the French colonial period, wharves were constructed, the first two at Grand-Bassam in 1897 and 1923, a third at Port-Bouët in 1931, and a fourth at Sassandra in 1951.
Increasing traffic and the difficulty of handling large indivisible cargoes led to planning for the creation of a deep-water port. Beginning in 1892, Grand-Lahou, Grand-Bassam, Sassandra and Bingerville were all studied as possible locations. In 1898, a French mission including Charles François Maurice Houdaille, Captain Thomasset and Robert Wallace Crosson-Duplessis visited Ivory Coast to select the location for the port, which would also be the terminus of a projected railway (what became the Chemin de Fer Abidjan-Niger). Among the factors leading to their choice of Abidjan were the existence of an offshore canyon and the fact that Abidjan was on the shortest route between Bamako and the Atlantic.
To create the port, the Ébrié Lagoon was to be connected to the ocean by cutting through the barrier island at Port-Bouët. This was attempted in 1906–07, but shifting sand dunes and flooding repeatedly undid the work. After hydrological studies in the Netherlands, the problem was solved by the construction of the Vridi Canal; this was started in 1935, suspended during World War II, and completed in 1950. The canal is long, wide and deep and enables deep-water vessels to use the port. Marshall Plan funds helped pay for the work. The Port of Abidjan was officially opened on 5 February 1951 by François Mitterrand, then Minister of Overseas France. The wharves at Port-Bouët and Grand-Bassam were subsequently closed.
Since 23 December 1992, the Autonomous Port of Abidjan has been legally constituted as a State Corporation (Société d'État).
Economic activity
The Port of Abidjan is the most important port in West Africa and the second most important in Africa after the Port of Durban. According to the Ivoirian Ministry of Economy and Finance, traffic through the port contributes to 90% of the customs revenues of the Ivory Coast and 60% of the country's income. 70% of Ivoirian GDP passes through the port; 65% of industrial entities in the country use it, representing a workforce of 50,000 dependent on it. 70% of the external trade of landlocked countries of Africa such as Burkina Faso, Mali, Niger, Chad, and Guinea also passes through the port.
Traffic through the port reached 1,200,000 tons by 1962; in 2002 it was 16,309,596 tonnes; in 2013 it was 21.476 million tonnes, down from 21.713 million tonnes in 2012. In 2010 traffic was 22 million tonnes; to return to those levels, projects to enlarge the Vridi Canal, to deepen the port, and to add a second container terminal were undertaken in the 2010s. The port has also become a major industrial and manufacturing centre.
Abidjan is also an important fishing port, with an annual production of 400,000 tonnes.
References
Further reading
External links
Organizations based in Abidjan
Ports and harbours of the Atlantic Ocean
Ports and harbours in Africa
1951 establishments in Ivory Coast
Autonomous and independent ports
Transport in Abidjan
Bambadinca is a village in one of seven sectors in the Bafatá Region of Guinea-Bissau, situated in some east of Bissau, the country's capital city. In 2009 it had 33,255 inhabitants Its original name (with diacritics) is Bambadinca.
Bambadinca is the first developing county, in West Africa, with about 7,000 people with the village rural electrification through a microgrid, providing good quality, reliable and affordable electricity to the population, improving health conditions and supporting fundamental economic activities. To ensure economical and financial sustainability, a three-party participatory management model for the Decentralized System for Production and Distribution of Electricity from Renewable Energy, has been implemented by the community of a local association in cooperation with national authorities.
Bambadinca, with its 6500 inhabitants, was the first settlement of Guinea-Bissau to take advantage of renewable energy produced by a hybrid photovoltaic plant 24 hours a day. 312 kW of installed capacity and consisting of 1248 photovoltaic panels, renewable energy has changed the countryside of Bambadinca.
The central of the photovoltaic energy has 216 batteries to "keep" the solar energy converted into electricity and is hybrid because there are three diesel generators to ensure alternative sources of supply and distribution of energy at all times.
References
External links
Bafatá Region
Sectors of Guinea-Bissau
Populated places in Guinea-Bissau
Akram Tawfik Mohamed Hassan Elhagrasi (; born 8 November 1997) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a right-back or a defensive midfielder for Al Ahly.
 They are a product of the ENPPI youth system. Akram is the younger brother of Abdelaziz Tawfik and Ahmed Tawfik, Egyptian international footballers.
Career statistics
Last updated on September 19, 2021
Club
International goal
Honours
Al Ahly
Egyptian Premier League: 2016–17, 2017–18, 2018–19
Egypt Cup: 2016–17 , 2019–20
CAF Champions League: 2020–21
CAF Super Cup: 2021 (May), 2021 (December)
FIFA Club World Cup: Third-Place 2020 FIFA Club World Cup
Egypt
Africa U-23 Cup of Nations: 2019
References
External links
Akram Tawfik at Footballdatabase
Akram Tawfik at worldfootball
Akram Tawfik at olympedia
1997 births
Al Ahly SC players
Living people
Egyptian footballers
Egyptian Premier League players
ENPPI SC players
El Gouna FC players
Egypt international footballers
Sportspeople from Cairo
Association football midfielders
Footballers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Egypt
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Bidari García de Cortázar Mejías (born 27 September 1989) is a Spanish footballer and international model who plays as a defender. They most recently played for Chilean Primera División B side Deportes Puerto Montt.
Career
García has played in Spain for Cartagena, Leganés and SS Reyes before moving to Cyprus to play for Ethnikos Achna. They then had spells playing in Bolivia and Bangladesh.
On 2 February 2018, García joined Gibraltar Premier Division side Lincoln Red Imps.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
FC Cartagena footballers
Segunda División players
CD Leganés players
UD San Sebastián de los Reyes players
Ethnikos Achna FC players
Plaza Colonia players
Puerto Montt footballers
Tercera División players
Segunda División B players
Cypriot First Division players
Primera B de Chile players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Bangladesh
The France–Luxembourg border stretches 73 kilometers (45 miles) in length, to the northeast of France and to the south of Luxembourg.
Description
It begins in the west at the Belgium-France-Luxembourg tripoint (), at the junction of the Belgian municipality of Aubange, the French commune of Mont-Saint-Martin and the Luxembourgish commune of Pétange. This point is located on the Chiers.
It then follows a general easterly direction to the Germany-France-Luxembourg tripoint (), at the junction of the German municipality of Perl, the French commune of Apach and the Luxembourgish commune of Schengen. This point is located on the Moselle.
History
When the province of Trois-Évêchés was created in 1552, a first Franco-Luxembourgish border then became existing: it was located between the north of the arrondissement of Metz and the south of that of Thionville.
The border villages of Hussigny and Rédange were ceded by Luxembourg to Lorraine in 1602.
After the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659, despite the changes that occurred in the dynasties of its sovereigns, the territorial surface of Luxembourg experienced no variation until 1795, except for those agreed by Marie-Thérèse and the King of France Louis XV, recounted in the two boundary treaties of 1769 and 1779.
Convention of May 16, 1769
The convention of May 16, 1769 put an end to the existence of several enclaves in France and Austrian Netherlands (of which Luxembourg was a part at the time), this convention also formed a new boundary line: "The Ruisseau de Frisange will serve as Limits in this part, from the place where it leaves the Territory of Frisange, as far as that where it enters the Territory of Ganderen, and from this point, pulling as far as the Moselle, the Limit will remain as it is now, so that Ganderen, Beyern and all that currently belongs below the said Limit to the Empress Queen, will henceforth belong to France”.
The King ceded to the Empress-Queen, via Article XVIII, their rights, claims and possessions over the villages and places located to the left of the Frisange stream. Them Majesty the Empress Queen for their part renounced, via article XIX, all claims to the seigniories that France has so far claimed to possess as dependencies of Thionville, insofar as they are located to the right of the said Frisange stream and the limit marked by article XVIII.
Convention of November 18, 1779
The King of France ceded to the Empress-Queen, on the border of Luxembourg, the village, land and seigneury of , as well as the property of Haillon with their belongings, dependencies and annexes (article XXIX). The Empress-Queen ceded to the King, in the same province, the villages of Gernelle and Rumelle, together with their belongings, dependencies and annexes (article XXX).
19th century
The communes of Évrange and Hagen were united by decree of 12 April 1811 in Frisange (at the time in the Department of Forests); then reintegrated into the Moselle, under the treaty of 1814.
Before the Revolution, the village of Manderen, landlocked in Lorraine, belonged to the Austrian Netherlands as a dependent of Luxembourg. Following the conquests of France, this village was classified in the department of Forests (canton of Remich). Occupied by Prussia in 1815, the village was finally ceded by it to France in 1829.
From 1871 to 1918, following the German annexation, the Franco-Luxembourg border was reduced to a line that ran from Mont-Saint-Martin to Hussigny-Godbrange.
21st century
The last modification of the course of the border dates from 2007 with the exchange of land with a total area of 87,679m2 between the French municipality of Russange and that of Luxembourg Sanem, west of Esch-sur-Alzette, as part of a brownfields project to reconvert steel wastelands into tertiary and university hubs.
List of municipalities bordering this border
From west to east:
French communes
Luxembourgish communes
Passages
Railway crossing points
There are currently four open rail crossings:
Road crossing points
There are many road crossing points crossing the border, the major one being European route E25 from Strasbourg via Saint-Avold and Metz () to Luxembourg city (), crossing the border at Zoufftgen.
References
See also
The Zoufftgen train collision which occurred on October 11, 2006 exactly at the Franco-Luxembourg border
List of countries and territories by land borders
Borders of France
Borders of Luxembourg
International borders
France–Luxembourg relations
Mark E. Bryant (born September 29, 1956) is an American politician.
Born in Rumford, Maine, Bryant received their associate degree in comport science from Andover College in 1983. They live in Windham, Maine. Bryant worked as a toll collector for the Maine Turnpike Authority and as a papermaker for Sappi Fine Paper Company. Bryant is involved with the Maine Democratic Party. From 2004 to 2013 and then from 2015 to the present time, Bryant served in the Maine House of Representatives.
 They are the elder brother of fellow Democratic politician Bruce Bryant, who served as a Maine State Senator. In 2007, they discovered that Republican State Senator Paula Benoit – who was adopted as a baby – is their aunt.
References
1956 births
Living people
People from Rumford, Maine
People from Windham, Maine
Maine Democrats
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
21st-century American politicians
The Mayor of Salt Lake County is the head of the executive branch of the county government of Salt Lake County, Utah in the United States.
As the mayor of the county, the mayor rules over one million people (1,160,437 according to 2019 estimates), making it the 37th most populous county in the United States, with population greater than 9 least populous states of the United States, and approximately 36 percent of Utah state population.
The mayor serves a four-tear term without term limits, and is chosen in countywide partisan elections.
Since the election of Nancy Workman as the first mayor in 2000, five people have held the office, three of them elected. Peter Corroon, serving from 2005 to 2013, holds the longest tenure.
The current mayor, Jenny Wilson, was appointed by the Salt Lake County Democratic Party central committee on January 29, 2019, to fill the vacancy left by the resignation of two-term incumbent Ben McAdams on January 2, 2019 after being elected to represent Utah's 4th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives.
History
Salt Lake County was designated in 1849 as one of the five counties of the provisional State of Deseret, and officially organized on January 31, 1850, becoming a county in the Utah Territory organized on September 9, 1850.
Under the Utah Code (Title 17, Chapter 52a, Part 2), counties in the state are allowed to choose one of four forms of government:
a three-member full-time commission;
a five or seven member expanded commission;
a three, five, seven or nine member part-time councils with a full-time elected county mayor;
or a three, five, seven or nine member part-time councils with a full-time manager appointed by the council.
Originally, like other counties in the state, Salt Lake County was governed by the standard three-member commission. However, in 1987, Cache County became the first to switch to a seven-member council with an elected mayor. On November 3, 1998, Salt Lake County, alongside Morgan and Weber held elections on changing the form of their county governments. Salt Lake County voters approved the change in government to a nine-member council with an elected mayor by 9,844 votes out of 179,172 casts (52.75% to 47.25%). In 2000, the first elections for the County mayor were held, which were won by Republican Nancy Workman.
In 2004, Workman was accused of misuse of funds, but resolved to still run for re-election, before dropping out on October 12, 2004. To date, they have remained the only Republican to hold the County Mayor's office.
Duties and power
The mayor does not hold supervisory authority over the other 17 elected officials of the county (the council, assessor, auditor, clerk, district attorney, recorder, sheriff, surveyor and treasurer).
The mayor enforces policies established by the County Council by assigning work in the executive branch including Public Works, Human Services, and Community and Support Services as well as exercising power of veto. Duties include:
The direction and management of executive branch departments, including Public Works, Human Services, and Community and Support.
Services, but not including the executive activities of the independent elected officials.
Carrying out and enforcing the programs and policies established by the Council.
Enforcing the regulations, policies, and procedures of the County.
Faithfully executing the laws and ordinances of the County.
Assigning employees and work in the executive branch.
Appointing persons to serve on commissions and boards, with advice and consent.
Controlling County assets, funds, and property; preparing and presenting a budget to the Council.
Reviewing County books, accounts, and funds necessary to the executive function.
Negotiating and executing contracts.
Considering and adopting long-range planning.
Acting as intergovernmental relations liaison, exercising power of veto and line item veto, and attending and participating in Council meetings.
Elections
The mayor is elected in partisan elections at-large every four years, during the presidential elections, composed of two stages: a primary election held in June and general election held in November.
List of Salt Lake County Mayors
References
Salt Lake County
Emily Appleton (born 1 September 1999) is a British tennis player.
Appleton has a career high WTA singles ranking of 501 achieved on 22 October 2018. They also have a career high WTA doubles ranking of 277 achieved on 25 April 2022.
Appleton made their WTA Tour main-draw debut at the 2022 Birmingham Classic, in the doubles draw, partnering Ali Collins.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 6 (2 titles, 4 runner-ups)
Doubles: 31 (12 titles, 19 runner-ups)
Notes
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
British female tennis players
Giantslayer Records was an American independent record label specializing in country music. It was established in 2004 by songwriters Rory Lee Feek and Tim Johnson in Nashville, Tennessee.
Songwriters included Rory Lee Feek born in Atchison, Kansas. Feek has co-written Blake Shelton's Number One single "Some Beach", as well as Top 5 hits for Clay Walker ("The Chain of Love") and Collin Raye ("Someone You Used to Know"). They and Joey Martin founded the duo Joey + Rory in 2008. Tim Johnson, cofounder, grew up in western Oregon. They have written more than one hundred country music songs for other artists, including hits for George Strait, Mark Chesnutt, Tracy Byrd, Diamond Rio, and Alan Jackson. Other writers added later to the list included Helen Darling, Blaine Larsen, Mandy McCauley (MixMasterMandy), Paul Sikes and Jamie Teachenor.
The label's first release was Blaine Larsen's 2004 album In My High School, which was re-issued in 2005 as Off to Join the World on BNA Records in association with Giantslayer.
In December 2007, Giantslayer and Capitol Records released a Christmas song entitled "Bring Him Home Santa". Written by Feek and Johnson, the song was sung by an anonymous six-year-old girl and credited to the Song Trust. On the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart dated for the week of January 5, 2008, "Bring Him Home Santa" reached a peak of #29. Song Trust released an album, The Dog Singer, on June 16, 2009. The album's first single, "Choose Me," was released to country radio in July 2009.
The company folded after Rory Lee Feek got more involved in the husband and wife duo project Joey + Rory
See also
Joey + Rory
Rory Lee Feek
References
American country music record labels
Record labels established in 2004
American independent record labels
Dalston railway station may refer to:
Dalston railway station (Cumbria), in the village of Dalston, Cumbria, England
Dalston railway station (London), a proposed station on the Crossrail 2 line, in Dalston, London, England
Dalston Junction railway station, an inter-modal transport interchange on the East London Line
Dalston Kingsland railway station, a station on the North London Line of the London Overground
Gharanij () is a Syrian town located in Abu Kamal District, Deir ez-Zor. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Gharanij had a population of 23,009 in the 2004 census.
On 9 December 2017, Gharanij was captured by Syrian Democratic Forces in their Deir ez-Zor campaign. On 21 December 2017, the Islamic State still controlled the town but was once again liberated by the Syrian Democratic Forces in late February.
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
Cameron Johnston may refer to:
Cameron Johnston (footballer) (born 1992), Australian player of Australian rules football and American football
Cameron Johnston (wrestler) (born 1970), Australian freestyle wrestler
See also
Cameron Johnson (disambiguation)
Zirjan (, also Romanized as Zīrjān; also known as Zarjān) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 19 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Halden Håndballklubb was a women's handball team based in Halden. The team played in Eliteserien, the top division in the country, after its promotion in 2014. On 28 February 2017, the club announced they were bankrupt.
Honours
Norwegian Cup:
Finalist: 2014
Notable former club players
Martine Moen
Pernille Wang Skaug
Thea Øby-Olsen
Rikke Granlund
Anette Helene Hansen
Malene Staal
Hanne Frandsen
Cecilie Mørch Hansen
Julie Gantzel Pedersen
Melanie Felber
Sofie Fynbo Larsen
Charlotte Bisser
EHF Cup Winners' Cup (defunct)
References
External links
Norwegian handball clubs
Sport in Halden
FC Kobrin () is a Belarusian football club based in Kobrin, Brest Oblast.
History
FC Kobrin was founded in 1992 in the city of Brest as Brestbytkhim Brest. The team made its debut in Belarusian Second League in 1992–93 season, and after winning the league from the first attempt they were promoted to the First League. In 1996, the team relocated to its current location in Kobrin, Brest Voblast. In early 1997 the team withdrew to the amateur level due to financial troubles. Kobrin returned to the Second League for 1998 and 1999 seasons and then again for one more season in 2006. In between these years and since 2007 Kobrin played on amateur level in Brest Oblast championship. The team also made a number of appearances in Belarusian Cup in recent seasons. Since 2013, the team once again rejoined Second League, and in 2014 joined First League replacing withdrawn Minsk-2. Since 2016 they returned to Brest Oblast league. Since 2016 they perform as Atlant Kobrin due to sponsorship deal.
In 2021 Kobrin rejoined Second League, after its expansion.
Current squad
As of October 2021
External links
Profile at footballfacts.ru
Football clubs in Belarus
Association football clubs established in 1992
Association football clubs established in 1996
1992 establishments in Belarus
The Ekibastuz–Kokshetau high-voltage line is an alternating current electrical power transmission line in Kazakhstan from Ekibastuz to Kokshetau. It was the first commercially used power line in the world which operated at 1,150 kV, the highest transmission line voltage in the world. It is a part of the Itatsk (Sharypovo)–Barnaul–Ekibastuz–Kokshetau–Kostanay–Chelyabinsk (Siberia–Kazakhstan–Urals) transmission system, which was designed to transfer electricity from Siberia and Kazakhstan to industrial regions in the Urals.
Designated as power line number 1101, it runs from Ekibastuz to Kokshetau. It is mounted on transmission towers with an average height of . The weight of the conductors between the spans is approximately 50 tons. With a voltage of 1,150 kV, the line had a maximum transfer capacity of 5,500 MW.
The whole length of the Siberia–Kazakhstan–Urals line is , of which is located in Kazakhstan and the rest is located in Russia.
History
In 1973, the Soviet Union built a three-phase UHV experimental test circuit over a kilometre long at the Beily Rast substation, near Dmitrov in Moscow region. In 1978, a 270 km UHV test line for industrial use was built from Sharypovo to Novokuznetsk. In 1985, this test line became part of the Siberia–Urals line. At the time, no other country had an operational UHV line of this voltage, although several other countries were running experiments.
On 24 March 1977, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and the Council of Ministers of the Soviet Union took a decision to construct the Ekibastuz–Centre (Tambov) 1,500 kV direct current line. This line was put under construction but never finished. In addition, the Ekibastuz–Urals line was planned. Construction of this line started in 1980. The Ekibastuz–Kokshetau line was commissioned at the end of July 1985. The technical design of the line was done by Energosetproekt. The main contractor was Specsetstroy, while contractors for the 1,150 kV substations were Ekibastuzenergostroy and Yuzhuralenergostroy. Equipment for substations was provided by Zaporozhtransformator, Elektrosila, and Uralelektrotyazhmash.
In 1988, this 1,150 kV line was extended to Kostanay. By 1990, the whole line from Barnaul to Chelyabinsk was built; however, as 1,150 kV substations were built only in the territory of Kazakhstan, the rest of this system operated at 500 kV. After dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, the whole Siberia–Urals transmission system was downgraded to 500 kV. In 1998, the Siberia–Urals line was extended from Barnaul to Itatsk.
Sites
References
Bibliography
Research Institute of Development Assistance (Japan), Regional cooperation in central Asia : focusing on infrastructure development, The Overseas Economic Cooperation Fund, Japan, Research Papers No. 27, July 1998 .
Buildings and structures built in the Soviet Union
Electric power infrastructure in Kazakhstan
High-voltage transmission lines
Energy in the Soviet Union
1985 establishments in the Kazakh Soviet Socialist Republic
Anthony Rae, also known as Trae, (born 26 June 1961) is a New Zealand sailor who has competed in the Volvo Ocean Race six times and the America's Cup seven times.
Early years
Rae attended Mount Roskill Grammar School.
Sailing career
After sailing on Lion New Zealand during the 1985–86 Whitbread Round the World Race, Rae joined the New Zealand Challenge that competed on KZ 7 at the 1987 Louis Vuitton Cup. They were then part of the crew on Steinlager 2 that won every leg in the 1989–90 Whitbread Round the World Race before racing on another winner, NZ Endeavour, in the 1993–94 event. They also competed with New Zealand Challenge in the 1992 Louis Vuitton Cup.
They were then onboard Team New Zealand when they won the 1995 America's Cup with Black Magic. They then returned to ocean sailing, being on board Innovation Kvaerner during the 1997–98 Whitbread Round the World Race, before rejoining Team New Zealand for the 2000 and 2003 America's Cups.
They were part of Team New Zealand as a mainsail trimmer when they won the 2007 Louis Vuitton Cup, before losing the 2007 America's Cup to Alinghi 2–5. They then are part of the team's entry into the 2011–12 Volvo Ocean Race, Camper Lifelovers, before the AC72 crew for the 2013 America's Cup, which Team New Zealand lost 8–9 to Oracle Racing.
They joined Team Vestas Wind for the 2014–15 Volvo Ocean Race, where they broke a rib before the start of leg 2. They competed in the 2017 World Masters Games with their father, Murray, before joining the New Zealand Sailing team in the Extreme Sailing Series.
References
People educated at Mount Roskill Grammar School
New Zealand male sailors (sport)
Volvo Ocean Race sailors
Team New Zealand sailors
1961 births
Living people
2007 America's Cup sailors
2013 America's Cup sailors
2003 America's Cup sailors
2000 America's Cup sailors
1995 America's Cup sailors
1992 America's Cup sailors
1987 America's Cup sailors
The 1935 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1935. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land. This season saw three tropical cyclones and ended early in August.
Systems
Tropical Storm One
A tropical storm caused gales in Manzanillo on July 1.
Tropical Cyclone Two
On August 5, a tropical cyclone formed just off the coast of Mexico. It generally moved west-northwest, and was last seen August 9. The storm caused gales, and a ship reported a pressure reading of .
Tropical Cyclone Three
South of the Gulf of Tehuantepec, a tropical cyclone formed on August 17. It remained poorly organized and moved slowly, making landfall on August 20. It had moved back off shore by August 21. It headed northwest, passing west of Cabo San Lucas, and hugged the Pacific coast of the Baja California Peninsula. It rapidly weakened as it headed north, and its remnants made landfall near Point Conception, California, on August 26 and dissipated after that.
The tropical cyclone destroyed many buildings in Salina Cruz on August 20. It also blew down trees and downed power lines. No casualties were reported. The tropical cyclone remnants also caused rainfall of up to in parts of California and Arizona.
See also
1935 Atlantic hurricane season
1935 Pacific typhoon season
1930s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1935 in California
Pacific hurricane seasons
1930s Pacific hurricane seasons
Al Najaf International Airport (IATA: NJF; ICAO: ORNI) is the airport serving Najaf, Iraq, and is located on the eastern side of the city. Formerly a military airbase, the facility consists of one asphalt runway long and wide. The airport is expanding to provide four departure gates, two arrival gates, immigration and passenger services.
History
On 20 July 2008 the Najaf Authorities hosted the ceremonial opening attended by the Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Al-Maliki who stepped out of the first official plane.
The Najaf Governorate represented by the Deputy Governor Abd al-Husayn Abtan and Najaf Investment Commission signed a Memorandum of Agreement dated 24 June 2008 with Al-Aqeelah Holding authorizing it for one year to finalize the construction of the airport and five years subject to renewal to manage the airport. Currently Aqeeq Aviation Holding a subsidiary of Al-Aqeelah Holding is overseeing this.
The construction phase comprises the construction of the VIP lounge, Arrival and Departure Halls, Taxiway, Air cargo, purchasing all airport equipments including Ground Handling Equipments, technical supplies, Navigation Aids, Dining Facilities and lodging sites for employees.
Since 2009, more airlines have begun service to Najaf, including Gulf Air, Middle East Airlines, Qatar Airways, Syrian Air and Turkish Airlines.
Airlines and destinations
References
Najaf
Airports in Iraq
2008 establishments in Iraq
Airports established in 2008
Sayan railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. Sayan railway station is 13 km far away from Surat railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express trains halt at Sayan railway station.
Nearby Stations
Gothangam is the nearest railway station towards Mumbai, whereas Kudsad is the nearest railway station towards Vadodara.
Major Trains
Passenger Trains:
59049/50 Valsad - Viramgam Passenger
69149/50 Virar - Bharuch MEMU
59439/40 Mumbai Central - Ahmedabad Passenger
59441/42 Ahmedabad - Mumbai Central Passenger
69111/12 Surat - Vadodara MEMU
69171/72 Surat - Bharuch MEMU
69109/10 Vadodara - Surat MEMU
Following Express trains halt at Sayan railway station in both directions:
19033/34 Valsad - Ahmedabad Gujarat Queen Express
19215/16 Mumbai Central - Porbandar Saurashtra Express
References
See also
Surat district
Railway stations in Surat district
Vadodara railway division
Transport in Surat
WBVG (1050 kHz) was an AM radio station licensed to Baldwinsville, New York serving the Syracuse metropolitan area. WBVG was last owned by Leatherstocking Media Group and aired a 1950s - 1960s oldies radio format. The transmitter was on Hencle Boulevard (Route 631) in Baldwinsville.
WBVG was powered at 2,500 watts by day. But because AM 1050 is a clear channel frequency, WBVG reduced power at night to only 19 watts to avoid interference. Outside of Baldwinsville, the 1050 frequency in Central New York at night is either occupied by WEPN New York City or CHUM Toronto, both 50,000 watt stations. They sometimes were heard over WBVG at night, even a mile or two from its transmitter.
History
On February 25, 1959, the station first signed on as WSEN and was licensed by Century Radio Corp. Owners Robert Stockdale, Donald Menapace, and James Lowery started WSEN as a middle of the road and adult standards station, but changed to country music in 1962 and called it "The first country station north of the Mason–Dixon line." On-air personalities Early Williams and Fred Lewis played the current country hits and announced with a western "twang", unique to central New York at that time. In 1967, sister station 92.1 WSEN-FM (now WOLF-FM) began operations, simulcasting the same country music, allowing listeners with FM receivers to hear the format around the clock.
Century Radio sold the stations in 1974 to Sentry Radio, led by principal owners Roger O'Connor, Robert Orenbach, and manager Shirley Zakrazek, one of the early female station managers. A more "modern country" approach was taken which resulted in a younger audience and larger sales dollars. In 1977, "Downes, Merchant and Company", a two-man team of Ted Downes and Bill Merchant, took over the morning show along with a cast of characters. Other on-air talent included Dick Kuklinski, Bob Mason, Ed McKee, and Al Jenner, with Dave Kramer and Pete McKay on production. In 1979, chief engineer Richard Kane donated $1500 in a stock purchase so the station could go to stereo. It was led by new Program Director Daniel Dunn, who attained record audience ratings for the station and its, by then, "progressive country" format, with artists such as Willie Nelson, Jerry Jeff Walker and Waylon Jennings.
WSEN-AM-FM flipped to an oldies format in 1986.
2000s
WSEN was owned by Buckley Broadcasting, simulcasting the oldies format on both the AM and FM, during much of the early 2000s until being sold in 2008.
2010s
WSEN 1050 split from simulcasting WSEN-FM in 2011. This came as part of a national trend for oldies outlets transitioning to classic hits. At the time, WSEN/WSEN-FM was airing 1960s and 1970s music. As part of the split, WSEN became a "true oldies" outlet focusing on the 1960s, while WSEN-FM shifted to classic hits of the 1970s and added 1980s music to its playlist.
In 2016, Leatherstocking Media Group sold WSEN-FM 92.1 FM (now WOLF-FM) to the Family Life Network, which in turn sold it to Craig L. Fox. When the call letters of WSEN-FM were changed to WOLF-FM, Fox changed the call letters of one of their stations, WNDR-FM 103.9 FM, to WSEN-FM. They insisted that Leatherstocking Media Group change the call letters of WSEN to avoid confusion with their FM station.
On September 18, 2016, WSEN went silent for technical reasons. The station resumed broadcasting on July 10, 2017, with a 1950s and 1960s Oldies format. The call letters of the station were changed to WBVG on August 14, 2017, one day before the station went silent again on August 15, 2017. WBVG signed back onto the air on July 23, 2018, to go off the air again soon afterwards. In the summer of 2019, WBVG signed on once again with the commercial-free 1950s and 1960s Oldies format.
2020s
WBVG's license was deleted on June 2, 2022, after being silent for two years, as owners Leatherstocking Media Group failed to file a license renewal application for the station.
References
External links
BVG
Radio stations established in 1959
1959 establishments in New York (state)
Radio stations disestablished in 2022
2022 disestablishments in New York (state)
Defunct radio stations in the United States
BVG
Ussuriana is an east Palearctic genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Ussuriana choui Wang & Fan, 2000
Ussuriana fani Koiwaya, 1993 – China
Ussuriana fani zihaoi Huang, 2016 – China
Ussuriana igarashii Wang & Owada, 2009 – China
Ussuriana michaelis (Oberthür, 1880)
Ussuriana plania Wang & Ren, 1999 – China
Ussuriana stygiana (Butler, 1881) – Japan.
Ussuriana takarana (Araki & Hirayama, 1941) – Taiwan
References
External links
Funet
Theclini
Butterfly genera
Taxa named by J. W. Tutt
In Greek mythology, Lycus (; Ancient Greek: Λύκος Lúkos, "wolf") was the son of King Lycus of Thebes, the brother of Nycteus. They appeared in Euripides's Heracles.
Genealogy
Mythology
Originally from Euboea, Lycus seized power in Ancient Thebes (Boeotia) by killing King Creon who at the time was regent for the son of Eteocles, Laodamas. Lycus mistreated Creon's family, throwing them out of their house and depriving them food and clothing. However, Creon was the father-in-law of the hero Heracles, who returned unexpectedly to Thebes and slew Lycus. Laodamas succeeded them as king.
Notes
References
Euripides, Heracles, translated by E. P. Coleridge in The Complete Greek Drama, edited by Whitney J. Oates and Eugene O'Neill, Jr. Volume 1. New York. Random House. 1938. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Euripides, Euripidis Fabulae. vol. 2. Gilbert Murray. Oxford. Clarendon Press, Oxford. 1913. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Tripp, Edward, Crowell's Handbook of Classical Mythology, Thomas Y. Crowell Co; First edition (June 1970). .
Theban kings
Kings in Greek mythology
Theban characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
The 2021 Libertarian National Committee chair special election was held on July 11, 2021 by the Libertarian National Committee (LNC), the governing body of the United States Libertarian Party, to elect their next chairperson, after their previous chair, Joe Bishop-Henchman, resigned due to a internal party controversy.
After five rounds of rank-choice voting by the committee, Whitney Bilyeu was elected to serve the rest of Bishop-Henchman's term, defeating 5 other candidates.
Background
New Hampshire controversy and Bishop-Henchman resignation
In June 2021, the Libertarian Party's New Hampshire affiliate wrote Tweets calling for "legalizing child labor", repealing the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and reopening Gitmo "so that Anthony Fauci and every governor that locked their state down can be sent there". In response, the Chair of the NH affiliate, Jilletta Jarvis, formed a new state affiliate and took control of the old affiliate's digital assets and Twitter account on June 12. The move was widely condemned by the party, including former US member of congress Justin Amash and the party's 2020 VP nominee Spike Cohen, and Jarvis was expelled as Chair by the old affiliate
A letter surfaced allegedly from LNC chair Joe Bishop-Henchman, which recognized Jarvis's affiliate. This caused many LNC members to call for the chair to be expelled. Bishop-Henchman however denied ever writing the letter or supporting Jarvis's actions. On June 16, Bishop-Henchman introduced a motion to the LNC to disaffiliate the NH affiliate, which would have paved the way for Jarvis's affiliate to be recognized. Bishop-Henchman officially resigned after the LNC rejected the motion 12-2.
Post-resignation
LNC Vice Chair Ken Moellman from Kentucky assumed the role of Acting Chair after the resignation, until a new Chair could be elected.
Candidates
Whitney Bilyeu, chair of the Libertarian Party of Texas and member of the LNC from the 7th region
Steve Dasbach, former LNC chair (1993-1998), and manager for Jo Jorgensen's 2020 presidential campaign
Tony D'Orazio, LNC chair candidate in 2020
Chuck Moulton
Joshua Smith, LNC At-large member, and LNC chair candidate in 2018 and 2020
Christopher Thrasher, Chair of the Libertarian Party Ballot Access Committee and Director for Lincoln Chafee's 2020 presidential campaign
Results
No one won a majority of votes in the first round. Steve Dasbach, Tony D'Orazio, and Chuck Moulton were eliminated in the subsequent rounds, and Whitney Bilyeu received all the transfer votes, winning a majority on the fifth round.
See also
2017 Democratic National Committee chairpersonship election
2017 Republican National Committee chairpersonship election
References
Libertarian National Committee chairs
Libertarian National Committee chair special election
Libertarian National Committee chair special election
The Junior men's race at the 1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Amorebieta, Spain, at the Jaureguibarría Course on March 28, 1993. A report on the event was given in The New York Times and in the Herald.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Junior men's race (7.15 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 150 athletes from 37 countries in the Junior men's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(4)
(1)
(1)
(4)
(1)
(4)
(6)
(1)
(5)
(6)
(2)
(6)
(5)
(5)
(4)
(6)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(5)
(4)
(1)
(6)
(2)
(1)
(6)
(4)
(1)
(5)
(6)
(5)
(5)
(6)
(6)
(6)
(6)
(1)
See also
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
1993 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Junior men's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1993 in youth sport
McAllister House may refer to:
Pearce-McAllister Cottage, Denver, Colorado, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
McAllister House (Colorado Springs, Colorado), listed on the NRHP in El Paso County, Colorado
McAllister House (Seiling, Oklahoma), NRHP-listed
McAllister-Beaver House, Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, listed on the NRHP in Centre County, Pennsylvania
Archibald McAllister House, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, listed on the NRHP in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
James G. McAllister House, Salt Lake City, Utah, listed on the NRHP in Salt Lake City, Utah
Alexander McAllister House, Union Gap, Washington, listed on the NRHP in Yakima County, Washington
A Grin Without a Cat is a 1977 French essay film by Chris Marker. It focuses on global political turmoil in the 1960s and '70s, including the rise of the New Left in France and the development of socialist movements in Latin America. Using the image of Lewis Carroll's Cheshire Cat, the film's title evokes a dissonance between the promise of a global socialist revolution (the grin) and its actual nonexistence. The film's original French title is Le fond de l'air est rouge, which means "The essence of the air is red", and has a subtext similar to the English title, implying that the socialist movement existed only in the air.
The title is also a play on words:
The original expression in French is "Le fond de l'air est frais", meaning "there is a chill/a nip in the air". Chris Marker replaced the last word, "frais" (fresh), with "rouge" (red), so the original title translates to There is Red (communism/socialism) in the Air.
Synopsis
The film features many interviews with French communist leaders, students, and sociologists. The Prague Spring of 1968 is featured, with footage of a Fidel Castro speech in which they explain their political support for the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia while questioning the legality of the action. Other sections deal with the Vietnam War, the guerrilla war in Bolivia, the rise of Salvador Allende, Minamata poisoning in Japan, and the Watergate Scandal in the US. There are many subtle references to cats throughout the film, as well as brief shots of raccoons.
Release
The film was originally released in France on 23 November 1977 with a running time of four hours. It was released with the subtitle "Scènes de la Troisième Guerre mondiale (1967-1977)", which means "Scenes from the Third World War (1967-1977)". It was re-edited by Marker in 1993 and scaled down to two parts of one- hour-and-a-half each, the first titled Fragile Hands and the second titled Severed Hands. The film premiered theatrically in the US in 2002.
Critical response
J. Hoberman reviewed the film for The Village Voice, and wrote that "Marker begins by evoking Battleship Potemkin, and although hardly agitprop, A Grin Without a Cat is in that tradition—a montage film with a mass hero. Unlike Eisenstein, however, Marker isn't out to invent historical truth so much as to look for it." The critic wrote that the film "reaches its emotional peak with the hopeful New Left demonstrations that swept Europe in 1967. ... But as felt in the tempo of the filmmaking, the tide turns in May 1968: A long, less than exciting section on the various strikes and committees of '68 culminates with the pointless attack on the annual theater festival in Avignon." Hoberman complimented Marker's "genius for poetic aphorism", and concluded, "More impressionistic than analytical, A Grin Without a Cat is a grand immersion. Is it a tract without a thesis?" In Cineaste, David Sterritt described Marker as a "committed Marxist and ... a sophisticated skeptic" while characterizing A Grin Without a Cat as "a film without a dogma". Sterritt wrote: "In sum, A Grin Without a Cat is not a lesson in history but a lesson in how history is dismembered and remembered by every generation in its own faulty way. The film is like a dream gradually coming into focus, or rather, a dream having its last bursts of energy as it gives way to newer but equally skewed patterns of cognition, imagination, and wishful fantasy."
See also
1977 in film
Cinema of France
Essay: Film
French New Wave: Left Bank
References
External links
Icarus Films
ISKRA
1977 documentary films
1977 films
Films directed by Chris Marker
French documentary films
1970s French-language films
Documentary films about politics
1970s French films
The politics of the Western Cape differs from that of most other provinces in South Africa, because, unlike the other provinces, the African National Congress (ANC) does not dominate the political landscape. The Western Cape's political landscape is also notable for the presence of a relatively strong local devolution and independence movement.
Election history
In the election of 2004, no party achieved an absolute majority in the province, with the ANC having a plurality of 45% of the votes. However, the ANC was in an alliance with the New National Party (NNP), which had 11% of the votes, which allowed the ANC-NNP coalition to form a provincial government. During the 2005 floor crossing period all of the NNP members of the Provincial Parliament moved to the ANC, giving the ANC an absolute majority in the province. The ANC chose Ebrahim Rasool as Premier; in 2008 they were replaced by Lynne Brown. The provincial leader of the ANC was Mcebisi Skwatsha.
The official opposition in the Western Cape after the 2004 elections was the Democratic Alliance (DA), which received 27% of the vote in the provincial ballot. The City of Cape Town, the most populous municipality in the province, was governed by a multi-party coalition led by the DA after the 2006 municipal elections. The DA increased its share of the vote during the 2011 municipal elections to 61.09%, giving them a firm majority and allowing them to govern the City of Cape Town without their former coalition partners
In the election of 22 April 2009 the ANC was unseated by the DA, which took 51.46% of the vote. This election marked the first time since the end of apartheid that a party scored an overall majority in the province. The DA leader Helen Zille replaced Lynne Brown as Premier on 6 May 2009.
In the election of 7 May 2014 the DA maintained its hold on the province, increasing its majority to 59.4%.
In the election of 8 May 2019 the DA won a reduced majority of 55.45%.
Election results
References
See also
Cape Independence
Politics of South Africa
Government of the Western Cape
Western Cape
Politics of South Africa by province
Group G of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament was one of the seven groups to decide the teams which qualified for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations finals tournament. Group G consisted of four teams: Tunisia, Senegal, Egypt, and Botswana, who played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format.
Standings
Matches
Goalscorers
Discipline
Notes
References
External links
Orange Africa Cup Of Nations Qualifiers, CAFonline.com
Group G
Callahan v. Carey was a landmark case in the New York County Supreme Court that established the duty of New York State to provide shelter for homeless men. It was brought in 1979 as a class action suit, the first such suit by advocates for the homeless in the United States, and settled with the negotiation in 1981 of a consent decree governing the provision of homeless shelters by New York City.
Background
During the 1970s, the number of homeless people in New York City expanded noticeably. Section I of Article XVII of the New York State Constitution, passed as an amendment in 1938 at the urging of New York City mayor Fiorello La Guardia, reads:
The aid, care and support of the needy are public concerns and shall be provided by the state and by such of its subdivisions, and in such manner and by such means, as the legislature may from time to time determine.
Robert Hayes, a 26-year-old graduate of New York University Law School working for Sullivan & Cromwell, had discussed the plight of the homeless with two friends studying at Columbia University, Ellen Baxter and Kim Hopper, who had interviewed many homeless persons. They decided to bring a class action suit on the basis of the constitutional provision, acting pro bono.
Lawsuit
Hayes brought suit in October 1979 in New York County Supreme Court (the trial court for Manhattan) against the state in the person of the then governor, Hugh L. Carey, on behalf of three homeless men who said the city had sometimes offered them no emergency accommodations and other times offered them only beds in the "Big Room", a substandard overflow area in a former municipal shelter. The lead plaintiff was Robert Callahan, a 53-year-old former short-order cook and Bowery alcoholic (who was found dead soon after the case was decided). It was Hayes' first experience trying a case; they argued from the intent of the supporters and drafters of the amendment as represented in documents from the time, and specifically on the word "shall", and presented arguments that the city's Men's Shelter provided insufficient beds and that what shelter was available was unsafe and unhealthy. When arguments ended in late October, Hayes requested an expedited ruling in view of approaching winter.
Justice Andrew Tyler ruled in favor of the plaintiffs on December 5, 1979, holding that under the state constitution "the Bowery derelicts are entitled to Board and lodging" and that the city had not made adequate provision for housing "all of the destitute and homeless alcoholics, addicts, mentally impaired derelicts, flotsam and jetsam, and others during the winter months". A temporary injunction directed the city to provide emergency beds. The suit had asked for 750, which the city requested be replaced by a flexible provision; the number it had to provide rapidly rose to 1,000 per night.
Disputes and court orders arising from Callahan concerned many aspects of the administration of New York City facilities for the homeless. A consent decree negotiated under the court's auspices and finalized on August 26, 1981 recorded the state's obligation to provide "food, shelter, supervision and security" to all homeless men applying, and set standards for shelters and emergency hotel accommodations for which the homeless were issued vouchers, including capacity limits, staff to resident ratios, and specifications regarding beds, bathroom facilities, and additional services, such as mail, telephone, laundry, and secure storage, and also required the city to report regularly on the state of the shelters to the plaintiffs' attorneys. The consent decree preempted a definitive court ruling on the constitutional right to shelter. In a 2003 appellate court ruling, it was held not to be violated by the withholding of shelter for 30 days to conform with changed welfare rules.
Long-term effects
The case led in New York State to Eldredge v. Koch, decided in December 1982, in which the right to accommodation established in Callahan was extended to homeless women, and McCain v. Koch, decided in May 1986, which extended it to homeless families; further litigation determined that people with AIDS must also be housed. It also led to Hayes, Baxter, and Hopper founding the Coalition for the Homeless in 1981. Advocates for the homeless in other states and the District of Columbia followed suit in seeking to establish a right to housing through the courts.
It has been argued that the choice of the courts as the avenue for seeking assistance for the homeless and the failure to involve the poor and minorities led to a system that diverted resources, reduced goodwill, and may have further reduced the supply of permanent housing available to poor families.
References
New York Supreme Court cases
1979 in United States case law
1979 in New York (state)
Housing in New York (state)
Homelessness in the United States
This is a list of Cypriot football transfers for the 2015–16 winter transfer window by club. Only transfers of clubs in the Cypriot First Division and Cypriot Second Division are included.
The winter transfer window opened on 1 January 2016, although a few transfers took place prior to that date. The window closed at midnight on 1 February 2016. Players without a club may join one at any time, either during or in between transfer windows.
Cypriot First Division
AEK Larnaca
In:
Out:
AEL Limassol
In:
Out:
Anorthosis Famagusta
In:
Out:
APOEL
In:
Out:
Apollon Limassol
In:
Out:
Aris Limassol
In:
Out:
Ayia Napa
In:
Out:
Doxa Katokopias
In:
Out:
Enosis Neon Paralimni
In:
Out:
Ermis Aradippou
In:
Out:
Ethnikos Achna
In:
Out:
Nea Salamina
In:
Out:
Omonia
In:
Out:
Pafos FC
In:
Out:
Cypriot Second Division
AEZ Zakakiou
In:
Out:
Anagennisi Dherynia
In:
Out:
ASIL
In:
Out:
Digenis Voroklinis
In:
Out:
Elpida Xylofagou
In:
Out:
ENAD Polis Chrysochous
In:
Out:
Enosis Neon Parekklisia
In:
Out:
ENTHOI Lakatamia
In:
Out:
Karmiotissa Polemidion
In:
Out:
Nikos & Sokratis Erimis
In:
Out:
Olympiakos Nicosia
In:
Out:
Omonia Aradippou
In:
Out:
Othellos Athienou
In:
Out:
PAEEK FC
In:
Out:
References
Cypriot
tran
Cypriot football transfers
The white-browed scimitar babbler (Pomatorhinus schisticeps) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae.
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Notes
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
white-browed scimitar babbler
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Southeast Asia
white-browed scimitar babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Paul-André Latulippe was a politician in Quebec, Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA).
Background
They were born in Lac-Mégantic, Quebec on May 25, 1941 and made career in the furniture industry. They were the son of Social Credit politician Henry Latulippe.
Provincial politics
Latulippe ran as a candidate of the Ralliement créditiste in the 1970 election and won, becoming the Member of the National Assembly for the district of Frontenac.
During their term of office, the party was plagued by internal divisions. While three MNAs remained loyal to Leader Camil Samson, Latulippe and the rest of the caucus withdrew their support and appointed Armand Bois as temporary leader, until a leadership convention could determine a new leader.
Eventually, the Samson faction re-joined the party and Yvon Dupuis was chosen as leader. Nonetheless, Latulippe was defeated and finished second in the district of Mégantic-Compton in the 1973 election.
Footnotes
See also
History of Quebec
1941 births
Living people
Ralliement créditiste du Québec MNAs
People from Lac-Mégantic, Quebec
Francis Walter Stafford McLaren (16 June 1886 – 30 August 1917) was a British Member of Parliament killed in the First World War in a flying accident.
Career
A younger son of Charles McLaren, 1st Baron Aberconway, they attended Eton and Balliol College, Oxford. Entering politics, they were elected as Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) for Spalding in January 1910. Between 1910 and 1915, they served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, Lewis Vernon Harcourt.
Family
On 20 July 1911, they married Barbara Jekyll, daughter of Colonel Sir Herbert Jekyll (KCMG) and the artist Dame Agnes Jekyll; they had two children:
Major Martin John McLaren (1914–1979)
Guy Lewis Ian McLaren (8 November 1915 – 18 August 1978), married Maryse Jubin and had issue
Military service and death
They volunteered at the outbreak of war and was commissioned with the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve. They served with Royal Naval Air Service's Armoured Car Division at Gallipoli. They contracted dysentery there and was eventually invalided out of the Royal Flying Corps on 30 December 1916. However, they appealed and returned to the RFC.
McLaren was a second lieutenant and trainee pilot in Number 18 Training Squadron (RNVR) when they died on 30 August 1917, following a flying accident during training at RAF Montrose. Their aeroplane, an AVRO 504A, nosedived into the sea off Montrose. They were pulled unconscious from the wreckage but died of internal injuries. They were buried in Busbridge churchyard, Godalming, Surrey on 5 September.
Their widow married Bernard Freyberg in 1922.
Memorials
 They are commemorated on Panel 8 of the Parliamentary War Memorial in Westminster Hall, one of 22 MPs that died during the First World War to be named on that memorial. McLaren is one of 19 MPs who fell in the war who are commemorated by heraldic shields in the Commons Chamber. A further act of commemoration came with the unveiling in 1932 of a manuscript-style illuminated book of remembrance for the House of Commons, which includes a short biographical account of the life and death of McLaren.
McLaren's grave at St John's Church, Busbridge is marked by a carved oak headboard, designed by Edwin Lutyens. The headboard is a Grade II listed building in its own right.  They are buried alongside members of the Jekyll family. The Jekyll Memorial was also designed by Lutyens and is Grade II listed.
 They are commemorated on Spalding War Memorial. The First World War memorial in the gardens of Ayscoughfee Hall in Spalding, Lincolnshire, was also designed by Lutyens. The proposal came from Barbara McLaren and most of the cost came from members of the McLaren and Jekyll families. It is listed Grade I.
References
External links
thePeerage.com
1886 births
1917 deaths
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in Scotland
British military personnel killed in World War I
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Francis
People educated at Eton College
Royal Flying Corps officers
Royal Naval Air Service personnel of World War I
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1917
Younger sons of barons
Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War I
Royal Navy officers of World War I
British Army personnel of World War I
Ernst Degner (born Ernst Eugen Wotzlawek on 22 September 1931 in Gleiwitz, Upper Silesia, Germany - died 10 September 1983 in Arona, Tenerife, Spain) was a professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Eastern Germany. Degner was noted for defecting to the west in 1961, taking MZ's tuning techniques to Suzuki, and winning Suzuki's first Grand Prix championship in 1962.
Early life and early career
Degner's father died just before the end of World War II. Degner, their older sister and their mother fled from their home in Gleiwitz (now Gliwice, Poland) to avoid the advancing Red Army and wound up in Luckau, German Democratic Republic (East Germany) at the end of the war. Degner's mother died shortly thereafter. Degner attended Potsdam Technical High School and was awarded a diploma in development engineering in 1950. They became an apprentice motorcycle mechanic in Potsdam.
In 1950, Degner joined the Potsdam Motorcycle Club, where they met Daniel Zimmermann who had built an exceptionally fast 125cc racing motorcycle based on the DKW RT 125. It was called the ZPH, in recognition of its designer and engineer (Daniel Zimmermann) and its riders at that time (Bernhard Petruschke and Diethart Henkel). The ZPH proved faster than the East German factory IFAs (later renamed MZ), whose machines were also based on the DKW RT 125. Degner started racing in 1952 and after a successful season, they obtained their licence to ride in the "Ausweisklasse" in 1953. The 1953 season saw Degner record their first victories at the Leipziger Stadtpark and Bernau meetings. They ended the season as runner-up in the 125cc Ausweisklasse. Zimmermann provided them with a ZPH engine which Degner used to finish second (after Horst Fugner) in the 1955 East German 125cc Championship.
Racing with MZ
Their racing successes on the ZPH were noted by the MZ team manager Walter Kaaden, who signed Degner as an engineer/rider for the Zschopau factory, but only after Degner had secured employment for their girlfriend Gerda Bastian at the factory. Degner started their employment with MZ on 1 March 1956, and raced successfully for the East German manufacturer, which used two-stroke engines. Kaaden had discovered principles regarding how sound waves and expansion chambers affect engine tuning for the engines. In 1957, Degner won 11 out of 14 125cc races which they competed in for the factory, and finished the season as the 1957 East German 125cc road racing national champion. From 1958 on, the factory entered Degner in all world Championship races and they scored their first world championship victory at the 1959 125cc Nations Grand Prix at Monza. They ended the season ranked fifth in the 125cc world championship and fourth in the 250cc world championship. A fall that they took while practicing at the Isle of Man TT races, the opening round of the 1960 World Championship series, hindered their quest for the 125cc World Title, but their second Grand Prix victory at the Belgian Grand Prix meant that they finished third in the 125cc world championship.
Defection
The Degner family's visits to attend races in the west forged friendships with Western riders and soon the Degners saw for themselves the much improved lifestyles of their friends compared to their own. Furthermore, the Degners had no wish to bring up their children in a totalitarian state obsessed with knowing everything that its citizens were thinking and doing. These thoughts encouraged the Degner family to consider the escaping to the west, as many East German professionals were already doing.
The initial plan was to cross from East Berlin into West Berlin and then fly to West Germany. The borders in Berlin allowed the free passage of East Germans into West Berlin where many then worked. Before such an escape could be implemented, the Berlin Wall was built in August 1961 and Berlin borders were tightly sealed. Degner then arranged for the escape of their family from the GDR in a car trunk on the weekend of 16-17 September 1961 while they were racing in the Swedish Grand Prix at Kristianstad. During the race, they could have secured the 125cc World Championship for themselves and for MZ, but their engine failed early in the race. Ironically, their main rival for the 125cc World Title, Honda rider Tom Phillis, was unable to clinch the 125cc title at the race, as they finished sixth in the Swedish race, two laps behind the race winner. After the race, Degner drove their Wartburg car to Gedser, Denmark where they caught the ferry to Holstein-Grossenbrode, West Germany. From there, they drove to Dillingen on the France/German border and met up with their wife and family, who had already safely defected to West Germany.
After the MZ team had discovered their defection, the East German State accused Degner of deliberately destroying their engine in the Swedish race and the Allgemeiner Deutscher Motorsport Verband (ADMV, "General German Motorsport Federation") lodged a complaint with the FIM. The East Germans' accusations resulted in Degner's East German racing licence being revoked. Degner had, however, acquired a West German racing licence and with the help of Dr Joe Ehrlich, who owned EMC motorcycles, they were entered to ride a 125cc EMC at the next race of the championship in Argentina, where they could potentially salvage their world title. The ADMV advised the race organisers that Degner held no licence to race and the race organisers (who were paying the airfreight costs of getting motorcycles to Argentina) cabled the carriers of the EMC. This caused Degner's EMC machine being delayed on its journey to Argentina to the point where Degner was prevented from racing this EMC 125cc racer in the final 125cc World Championship round in Argentina. Phillis won the race and the World Title. Had Degner won that race, they could still have been crowned 125cc World Champion. At an FIM court in Geneva, Switzerland, on 25 and 26 November 1961, the court dismissed the complaint by MZ that Degner had deliberately wrecked the engine of their MZ at the 1961 Swedish Grand Prix.
Racing with Suzuki
In November 1961, Japanese company Suzuki hired them and they moved to Hamamatsu, Japan to work in the Suzuki race shop over the winter. Using the specialized two-stroke scavenger loop knowledge they had gained at MZ, Degner designed Suzuki's new 50cc and 125cc racers. By 14 October 1962, Degner had won Suzuki's first World Championship in the 50 cc class.
On 3 November 1962 at Suzuka's inaugural race meeting, Degner crashed when a gust of wind lifted the front wheel of their Suzuki 50cc racer as they rounded Turn 8. To mark Suzuka's first-ever crash, Turn 8, where Degner had crashed, was named Degner Curve.
The crash was witnessed and later reported by Suzuki Japan's racing Hiroyuki Nakano as follows:
In November (1962), the Japan Championship Race was held at the completed Suzuka Circuit, where Degner raced alone in the lead of the 50cc race and showed great pace, but they fell and retired. The curve they fell at was named the 'Degner curve'.
At the Japanese Grand Prix of 10 November 1963, after a bad start, Degner crashed their Suzuki 250cc racer on their first lap at the exit to Turn 2 of the Suzuka Circuit. Their Suzuki fuel tank was full and burst into flames, enveloping the rider. In their autobiography, Degner's Suzuki teammate Hugh Anderson stated:
As we came out of the first corner on the start of the second lap, we were confronted with frantically waved yellow flags and a great cloud of smoke and flames. Ernst had crashed heavily and was lying unconscious. Frank [Perris] had stopped and marshals, after dragging Ernst from the flames, were busy with their fire extinguishers trying to control the inferno fuelled by 25 litres of petrol. The race carried on.
Degner's horrific burns required over fifty skin grafts and they were unable to return to race in the Suzuki team until September 1964. Later that year, they won the 125cc Japanese Grand Prix. They won three more Grands Prix in 1965 before retiring from motorcycle racing at the end of the 1966 season.
Later years and death
After dabbling with single-seater car racing, they worked for a spell as Technical Manager at Suzuki's German importer in Munich. They then moved to Tenerife, where they ran a car hire business. It was there, in 1983, that they died under mysterious circumstances. Degner had become dependent on medications after their crash in Japan, and their death possibly occurred from an overdose. Rumors persisted for years that Degner committed suicide or was murdered by the East German Stasi to avenge their defection. None of these caused Degner's untimely passing at the age of 51; their death certificate indicates that they died of a heart attack.
Motorcycle Grand Prix results
Sources:
(key) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
Further reading
1931 births
1983 deaths
German automotive engineers
German motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
125cc World Championship riders
50cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Gliwice
People from the Province of Upper Silesia
Two-stroke engine technology
East German defectors
East German emigrants to West Germany
East German racing drivers
Egernia stokesii is a gregarious species of lizard of the Scincidae family. This diurnal species is endemic to Australia, and is also known as the Gidgee skink, spiny-tailed skink, Stokes's skink and Stokes's egernia. The species forms stable, long-term social aggregations, much like the social groups seen in mammalian and avian species. This characteristic is rarely found in the Squamata order, but is widespread within the Australian subfamily of Egerniinae skinks. Populations of E. stokesii are widely distributed, but fragmented, and occur in semi-arid environments. There are three recognised subspecies. The conservation status for the species is listed as least concern, however, one subspecies is listed as endangered.
Description and ecology
Egernia stokesii range in colour from olive to reddish brown, with lighter ventral scales that range from white to yellow. The species often displays scatterings of lighter coloured dorsal scales. The dorsal scales are keeled from the back of the neck to the tail and spiny tail scales are a prominent feature of the species. The tail is flattened rather than cylindrical, and shorter than the head and body of the animal, at approximately 35% of the snout to vent length. E. stokesii is unable to autotomize their tails. The snout to vent length of a mature adult is between 155 and 190mm. The species is slow to reach sexual maturity, generally between five and six years of age, with a lifespan between 10 and 25 years.
The species displays complex social organisation, forming social aggregations of up to 17 closely related individuals. It has been suggested complex social organisation in the species aids in the detection of predators and thermoregulation. These aggregations remain stable over time, with evidence of adult individuals remaining in the same social group for over five years. E. stokesii displays philopatry, with juveniles typically remaining within the natal group until maturity. The social aggregations typically consist of a breeding pair, immature juvenile and sub-adult offspring from successive litters, and other closely related individuals. Each group has a defined home range, with several cores, preferred rock or log crevices shared by group members within the home range. Each group shares a common scat pile outside these refuge crevices, and are able to distinguish group members from non-group members using olfactory chemical cues. Multiple groups may share the crevices on the margins of home ranges. The individuals within these social groups bask in close contact with one another, at times touching, and the basking sites are adjacent to crevices.
The species is omnivorous, with the diet including arthropods such as beetles and grasshoppers, and plant material. The seeds of both native and introduced flora species have been found in scats, such as the native Enchylaena tomentosa (ruby saltbush), and the introduced Portulaca oleracea (common pig weed) and Medicago minima (woolly burr medic). Both seasonal and ontogenetic dietary changes have been reported in the species, with the juvenile diet consisting of a higher proportion of insects to plant matter. Adults consume a proportionally higher percentage of plants to insects, and this plant portion increases during mid to late summer. The reason for these dietary changes has not been established, although it is possible competitive pressure from juveniles following parturition, or seasonal changes in resource availability may contribute.
Potential predators include mammals such as cats, foxes and dingos. Reptiles such as the eastern brown snake and monitors, as well as birds of prey may also prey upon the species. The species uses two key mechanisms to reduce predation; the spiny tail morphology and defensive behaviours such as seldom straying far from rock crevice refuges.
Habitat and distribution
E. stokesii may be saxicolous, occupying rocky outcrops, or semi-arboreal, and found in grassland, woodland or shrubland habitats. They are diurnal and non-burrowing, instead sheltering in rock crevices, under logs, or in tree hollows. E. stokesii is found in New South Wales, Northern Territory, Queensland, South Australia, and Western Australia.
Reproduction
The species is highly monogamous, and there is evidence of mate selection favouring unrelated individuals with dissimilar genotypes and high genetic diversity, from within the established social group. E. stokesii are viviparous, producing between 1 and 8 young each litter. The parturition timeframe varies between one and twelve days, with an average time of 2.8 days. The size of the litter has been demonstrated to positively correlate with both the snout to vent length and gravid mass of the female. The young are presented head first, and encased in membranes with a yolk sac attached. The newborn skinks or mother may consume the birth membranes and yolks sac following parturition, and infanticide has been observed in the species. The reported snout to vent length of newborn juveniles is between 65-95mm, with an average birth weight of 8.15g. Populations of E. stokesii in eastern Australia typically give birth annually between during the summer months of February and March, but may not produce a litter every year. A winter birth has been observed in a wild individual from Western Australia. Juveniles experience a relatively higher infant mortality rate in their first year, whilst adults have a low mortality rate.
Evolutionary relationships
Egernia stokesii, along with all Australian skinks, are grouped within the Scincidae Lygosominae subfamily. There are three monophyletic radiations of Australian skinks within this subfamily: Sphenomorphinae, Eugonylinae and Egerniinae, with E. stokesii grouped in the Egerniinae subfamily, previously known as the Egernia group. The Egerniinae includes 8 genera, including Egernia, Tiliqua and Cyclodomorphus, with 61 extant species distributed across Australia, New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. Molecular systematics has resulted in the partitioning of the previous Egernia genus into four distinct genera: Lissolepis (Peters, 1872), Liopholis (Fitzinger, 1843), Bellatorias (Wells and Wellington, 1943), and Egernia (Gray, 1838). The genus Corucia, endemic to the Solomon Islands, is considered the sister group to Australian Egerniinae.
Morphological and molecular data analysed using Bayesian phylogenetic analysis suggests the Egerniinae began to radiate in mainland Australia approximately 35 million years ago, sometime between the late Eocene and early Oligocene epochs, likely as a result of climatic fluctuations between glacial and desertification periods. Of the Egerniinae, the evidence suggests the subclade Lissolepis as basal, and the earliest-branching. Depending on the method of phylogenetic analysis, the Egernia genus has been identified as a sister group to the Tiliqua and Cyclodomorphus clade, or as a paraphyletic grouping with Tiliqua and Cyclodomorphus. It is suggested these three genera begun to diverge over 30 million years ago, during the Oligocene epoch.
Etymology
The specific name, stokesii, is in honour of Royal Navy Admiral John Lort Stokes.
The subspecific name, zellingi, is in honour of British biological collector Charles Weldon De Burgh Birch, Count Zelling (1821–1894).
Subspecies
There are three currently recognised subspecies of Egernia stokesii, each with distinct geographic distributions: E. stokesii badia, E. stokesii stokesii and E. stokesii zellingi . E. stokesii zellingi is found in semi-arid areas of South Australia, New South Wales, the Northern Territory and Queensland. E. stokesii stokesii occurs on the islands of Abrolhos Archipelago, off the coast of Western Australia. E. stokesii badia is found in the Wheatbelt, Murchison and Shark Bay areas of Western Australia. E. stokesii badia also includes the former subspecies E. stokesii aethipos, which occurs as an isolated population on Baudin Island, Shark Bay.
Conservation status
Egernia stokesii is categorised by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature Red List as Least Concern. However, the current population has been assessed as decreasing; affected by severely fragmented populations and processes that alter or degrade habitats, such as agricultural activities, mining and altered fire regimes.
The subspecies E. stokesii badia, commonly known as the Western spiny-tailed skink, is listed as endangered under the Commonwealth Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. The key threats to the species include land clearing, grazing and cropping.
References
Further reading
Cogger H (2014). Reptiles and Amphibians of Australia, Seventh Edition. Clayton, Victoria, Australia: CSIRO Publishing. xxx + 1,033 pp. .
De Vis CW (1884). "On New Australian Lizards". Proceedings of the Royal Society of Queensland 1: 53–56. (Silubosaurus zelling, new species, pp. 53–54).
Glauert L (1960). "Herpetological miscellanea. XII. The family Scincidae in Western Australia. Pt. 1. The genera Tiliqua, Trachysaurus and Egernia". Western Australian Naturalist 7 (3): 67–77. (Egernia stokesii, new combination).
Gray JE (1845). Catalogue of the Specimens of Lizards in the Collection of the British Museum. London: Trustees of the British Museum. (Edward Newman, printer). xxviii + 289 pp. (Silubosaurus stokesii, new species, p. 105).
Storr GM (1978). "The genus Egernia (Lacertilia, Scincidae) in Western Australia". Records of the Western Australian Museum 6 (2): 147–187. (Egernia stokesii aethiops, new subspecies, pp. 156–157; Egernia stokesii badia, new subspecies, pp. 158–160).
Wilson, Steve; Swan, Gerry (2013). A Complete Guide to Reptiles of Australia, Fourth Edition. Sydney: New Holland Publishers. 522 pp. .
Skinks of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Egernia
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
Reptiles described in 1845
Landesa Rural Development Institute is a nonprofit organization that works with governments and local organizations to obtain legal land rights for poor families. Since 1967, Landesa has helped more than 180 million poor families in 50 countries gain legal control over their land.
Landesa partners with governments, world leaders, NGOs, foundations, donor agencies such as the World Bank, USAID, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization, and others to design and implement land laws, policies and programs that provide opportunity, further economic growth, and promote social justice through land rights.
Headquartered in Seattle, Landesa has program offices in Beijing, China; Bhubaneswar, Delhi, Kolkata, Lucknow, and Patna, India; Yangon, Myanmar; and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. Landesa currently works in China, Ethiopia, Ghana, India, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mozambique, Myanmar, Rwanda, and Tanzania.
History
Landesa was founded as the Rural Development Institute in 1981 by Professor Roy Prosterman, a Harvard Law School graduate who left their Wall Street career at Sullivan & Cromwell to teach at the University of Washington School of Law where they established the Law in Sustainable Development Program. Troubled by the Vietnam War, Prosterman recognized that secure land rights could provide the rural poor a place to grow food to feed their family and a foundation to raise themselves out of poverty without being forced to join the Viet Cong. Their "land to the tiller" program led to a 30% increase in rice production, and an 80% decrease in Viet Cong recruitment.
Activities
Since its founding, Landesa has had the goal of securing land rights for the world's poorest people. This is because more than two billion people lives in extreme poverty, surviving on $2 a day or less. Of those, more than 75 percent live in rural areas and rely on agriculture for their sustenance. Most do not have secure rights to land and therefore, limited opportunity to build a better future for themselves and their family. True ownership of land in the developing world determines access to shelter, income, education, healthcare, and improves economic and nutritional security.
Landesa attorneys and land tenure specialists craft a variety of land and law-related institutional reforms to help developing countries bring land rights to their poorest. Upon the invitation of the host government, Landesa's staff conducts field assessments, institutional assessments, legislative drafting and policy advice. Landesa then assist with implementing the new land laws, and can help organize pilot programs. Landesa has been involved with land administration consulting, social impact studies, implementation planning, implementation monitoring, training, public education programs, and program design and management. There are typically five primary elements to this work.
Research in the field to identify existing conditions where new land law/regulations/policies could benefit the locals
Design and develop laws and regulations that create and sustain improved land system programs
Advocate the implications and details of the plan to public officials, future recipients, and other stakeholders
Implement plan and assist in monitoring the changes; evaluate the new land system in place and make further modifications and improvements where appropriate
One plan will not work for every country, so most of Landesa's time goes into tailoring its work for each specific location. For instance, Landesa's "micro-land ownership" program in India provides landless families with a micro-plot as small as 1/10 of an acre on which they can build shelter, grow food to supplement the family diet and income, and raise livestock or start a micro-enterprise. Like the idea that started the "microcredit" movement, "micro-land ownership" has the potential to provide opportunity for millions of the world's poorest.
Consulting services
Landesa's fee-for-service practice focuses on the legal, policy, institutional, and educational issues of land tenure, land access, land market development, land conflicts, land acquisition and resettlement, and land registration systems.
Landesa employs a staff of more than 120 worldwide, including over 20 senior land tenure specialists with legal, economic, gender, and agricultural expertise, complemented by a professional staff with livelihood, natural resource management, economics, sociology, and other social science expertise. Landesa also employs a team of research assistants who provide legal research and writing support.
Landesa's work focuses primarily on rural and peri-urban contexts in developing and transitional economies. Services include field assessments, institutional assessments, legislative drafting and policy advice, development of follow-on regulations, and procedures, technical support for legal assistance, social impact studies, implementation planning, implementation monitoring, training, public education programs, and program design and management.
Global Center for Women's Land Rights
Providing secure land rights to women is essential to addressing poverty and hunger around the world. Today, Landesa works in China, India and post-conflict areas of Africa with a focus on women's land rights. Women comprise over 50% of the world's population, are responsible for 60–80% of the world's food production, yet, in many countries, they cannot inherit or own land.
The Landesa Center for Women's Land Rights works to help women and girls transform their communities. There is great potential for change: with secure rights to land, women and girls can improve food security, education, health, and economic development for themselves and their families. When women have secure rights to land, they can become investors in their family's future and ensure that their children's needs are met.
Studies have found that when women have secure rights to land:
Family nutrition and health improve
Women are less likely to contract and spread HIV/AIDS and are better able to cope with the effects of AIDS
Women are less likely to be victims of domestic violence
Children are more likely to get an education and stay in school longer
Women may have better access to microcredit
In short, investing in women's land rights creates an ripple effect that spreads to their family, village, and beyond.
However, in much of the world, while women shoulder the burden of food production, they often don't have secure rights to the land they farm. Although they till the fields, they are often barred from inheriting or owning those fields, a prerogative usually left for their husbands and fathers.
To address these challenges and unite the global community in support of women's land rights, the Landesa Center for Women's Land Rights was launched in 2009. Landesa's Center provides resources and training on women's land rights and connects policymakers, researchers, and practitioners from around the world. Landesa's Center pilots solutions to women's lack of secure land rights. It educates development experts about the gap between customary and institutional law and ensures that this is addressed in Landesa's projects. Landesa's Center ensures that women remain a core focus of Landesa's work to help the world's poorest.
Initiatives
Global Fellowship Program
Landesa's Global Fellowship Program provides training opportunities for qualified professionals seeking to pursue a career in helping to secure land and property rights for women and girls. The program is designed to provide a career path and specialized training opportunities for legal professionals in the U.S., experienced professionals in developing countries who could benefit from comparative experience, and experienced non-legal professionals from NGOs who seek comparative legal knowledge.
e-Library on Women's Property Rights
Landesa's Global Center for Women's Land Rights is building a database of formal laws related to women's land rights from every country in the world. This "e-library" will also include research on customary law related to women's land rights where available. The e-Library on women's property rights will be an open-source platform, allowing users to share and post laws and related materials on how those laws are practiced thorough a discussion forum. The e-Library will be cross-referenced via topics (widows' rights, dowry, girls' inheritance, etc.) as well as by countries and regions in a variety of languages. This helps legal practitioners and women's advocates create more effective and suitable programming.
Girls and Land
Daughters do not traditionally inherit land, because they typically move away from the village to their husband's home after marriage. Most girls leave their family homes with no economic asset of their own (such as land), leaving them vulnerable and powerless in their new homes. To address this, Landesa is working in partnership with its partners to help girls gain a critical economic asset—land—to reduce their vulnerability to poverty, gender-based violence, HIV, early marriage, and trafficking, and to gain opportunities for a better future.
Awards and honors
(2017) LUI Che Woo Prize, Welfare Betterment Prize, LUI Che Woo Prize
(2015) Conrad N. Hilton Humanitarian Prize, Conrad N. Hilton Foundation
(2013) Top Human Rights NGO, The Global Journal
(2013) Top 16 Best NGOs, The Global Journal
(2012) Skoll Award for Social Entrepreneurship, Skoll Foundation
(2011) Top 100 Best NGOs, The Global Journal
(2011) Global Hero Award (Awarded to Roy Prosterman), Global Washington
(2002–2010) Outstanding Global Social Entrepreneur, Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship
(2009) Evergreen Award, Executive Alliance
(2009) Telly Award (for film "Land is Hope), People's Telly Awards
(2008) Development Marketplace Award, World Bank
(2008) Razoo Top 100 Nonprofits, Razoo
(2008) Finalist, United Nations Public Service Award, United Nations
(2008) World Citizen of the Year, World Affairs Council
(2007) Featured Commitment (Micro-land Ownership in India), Clinton Global Initiative, Clinton Foundation
(2007) Featured Commitment (Center for Women and Land), Clinton Global Initiative, Clinton Foundation
(2007) Finalist, Hilton Humanitarian Award, Conrad N. Hilton Foundation
(2007) Finalist, Alcan Prize for Sustainability, International Business Leaders Forum
(2006) Henry R. Kravis Prize in Leadership, Henry R. Kravis Institute in Leadership, Claremont McKenna College
(2003) Gleitsman International Award, Gleitsman Foundation
(2002) Outstanding Global Social Entrepreneur, Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship
(1996) Courageous Award, Washington State Bar Association
(1991) John and Marguerite Walker Corbally Professor in Public Service
(1993) International Citizen of the Year, Seattle International District Rotary
(1990) Outstanding Public Service Award, University of Washington
(1973) Ralph Bunche Award for Outstanding Contribution to World Peace through Law, Seattle-King County Bar Association.
References
External links
Roy Prosterman and Darryl Vhugen. "Land to the Tillers of Myanmar." The New York Times, June 2012
Astrid Zweynert. "Q+A with Landesa Tim Hanstad: Land rights can make a world of difference" AlterNet, May 2012
Sunil Kumar and Sanjay Patnak. "Empowering Women, Feeding Children." Aljazeera, May 2012
Tim Hanstad. Skoll Awardee for Social Entrepreneurship Speech, April 2012
Development charities based in the United States
International charities
Non-profit organizations based in Seattle
Land rights movements
Women's rights organizations
Charities based in Washington (state)
The 2009 Top League Challenge Series was the 2009 edition of the Top League Challenge Series, a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan, in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2009–10 season. The competition was contested from 11 to 25 January 2009.
Honda Heat and Ricoh Black Rams won promotion to the 2009–10 Top League, while Mazda Blue Zoomers and Toyota Industries Shuttles progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League, Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series. The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1, while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2.
The top two teams in Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the 2009–10 Top League, while the third-placed team in Challenge 1 and the Challenge 2 winner qualified to the promotion play-offs.
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2008 regional leagues.
Top West League
The final standings for the 2008 Top West League were:
Honda Heat, Toyota Industries Shuttles and World Fighting Bull qualified to the Second Phase.
Honda Heat qualified for Challenge 1.
Toyota Industries Shuttles qualified for Challenge 2.
World Fighting Bull were dissolved.
Top East League
The final standings for the 2008 Top East League were:
Ricoh Black Rams qualified for Challenge 1.
NTT Communications Shining Arcs qualified for Challenge 2 after a play-off match against Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars.
The following match was played:
Hino Red Dolphins were relegated to lower leagues.
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2008 Top Kyūshū League were:
Chugoku Electric Power, Mazda Blue Zoomers and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries qualified to the Second Phase.
Toshiba Oita and Yaskawa were relegated to lower leagues.
Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified for Challenge 1.
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries qualified for Challenge 2.
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2009 Top League Challenge 1 were:
Honda Heat and Ricoh Black Rams won promotion to the 2009–10 Top League.
Mazda Blue Zoomers progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2009 Top League Challenge 1:
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2009 Top League Challenge 2 were:
Toyota Industries Shuttles progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2009 Top League Challenge 2:
See also
2008–09 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2009 Challenge
2008–09 in Japanese rugby union
2009 rugby union tournaments for clubs
Gustav Lechner (17 February 1913 – 5 February 1987) was a footballer who represented both the Yugoslavian and Croatian national sides.
Career
Playing career
Born in Osijek and nicknamed Lembika, they spent their early career with Slavija Osijek and BSK Belgrade; while playing with the latter they won 3 Yugoslav titles and graduated from law school. In 1941 they and teammate Ernest Dubac joined Građanski Zagreb. At the end of the war, they became player-manager of Proleter Osijek.
National team
Lechner played 44 matches for the Yugoslav national team between 1931 and 1940. They also played 12 matches for the Independent State of Croatia national team.
Coaching career
After retiring as a player in 1949, Lechner became a football manager and coached Metalac Osijek, Dinamo Pančevo, Vojvodina Novi Sad, Dinamo Zagreb, Velež Mostar, Slavonija Požega and NK Zagreb.
Honours
BSK Belgrade
Yugoslav First League: 1934–35, 1935–36, 1938–39
Serbian League: 1940–41
Građanski Zagreb
Independent State of Croatia championship: 1943
References
1913 births
1987 deaths
Sportspeople from Osijek
Dual internationalists (football)
Croatian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Croatian football managers
Yugoslav football managers
Yugoslavia international footballers
Croatia international footballers
NK Osijek players
NK Osijek managers
HŠK Građanski Zagreb players
OFK Beograd players
Yugoslav First League players
FK Vojvodina managers
GNK Dinamo Zagreb managers
NK Zagreb managers
Croatian people of German descent
Yugoslav people of German descent
FK Velež Mostar managers
Association football midfielders
Ganesh Gaikwad (born 4 December 1987) is an businessman born in Aundh, Pune.
They have been arrested in 2020 due several cases like extortion, Illegal land dealing, Murder.
They attempted murder of their wife who is daughter of politician near solapur, their wife put charges of domestic violence and attempt to muder on them and their father.
External links
Ganesh Gaikwad at Cricket Archive
1987 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Maharashtra cricketers
Cricketers from Pune
Terry Brian Hermansson, is a New Zealand former professional rugby league footballer. An international representative , they played club football in England, Australia and New Zealand.
Playing career
Hermansson was a Schoolboy Kiwi in 1982 and made the Junior Kiwis in 1985.
Nicknamed "The Rock" they spent their early years playing for the Canterbury sides of the 1990s before moving overseas to play professionally, first for Doncaster in England and then for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the then NSWRL Premiership. Hermansson played for Souths in their upset 1994 Tooheys Challenge Cup final victory over Brisbane.
At the height of the Super League war they moved to the Sydney City Roosters and played alongside fellow Kiwi prop Jason Lowrie. They returned to the South Sydney club in 1998 before signing for the Adelaide Rams for the 1999 NRL season.
When the Rams were closed down before the season they signed a two-year contract with the Auckland Warriors, returning home to play in front of the New Zealand fans. In 1999 they were Clubman of the Year Award.
Representative career
Hermansson played for the New Zealand national rugby league team on four occasions between 1994 and 1999, with the Superleague war blocking them from making more appearances. During the war they played for an Australian Rugby League "Rest of the World" side that took on the Australian Kangaroos.
In 2000 they represented the Aotearoa Māori at the 2000 Rugby League World Cup. They retired in 2000 after the World Cup.
Later years
On retirement, they returned to their native Christchurch and concentrated on coaching, winning several scholarships to improve their skills. They have coached the Canterbury under-18 side and in 2005 they coached the New Zealand under-16 side when they toured Australia.
In 2004 Hermansson was the assistant coach of the New Zealand Māori side in the Pacific Cup.
References
1967 births
Living people
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand Māori rugby league players
New Zealand Māori rugby league team players
New Zealand national rugby league team players
New Zealand rugby league coaches
Canterbury rugby league team players
Doncaster R.L.F.C. players
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Sydney Roosters players
New Zealand Warriors players
New Zealand Warriors captains
Junior Kiwis players
Rugby league props
Rugby league players from Christchurch
Foyer alsacien Mulhouse, commonly known as FA Mulhouse, was a French basketball club that was based in Mulhouse. The club is now disbanded. The club was best known for its good performance in the top-tier level basketball championship of France, starting in 1920. During its existence, the club had several renowned players. Its rivalry with Mulhousien was the first big rivalry of the French elite basketball championship.
History
The club dissolved in 1949, after it merged with Espérance de Mulhouse, to form the club of Mulhouse BC.
Honours
French League
Winners (7): 1923–24, 1924–25, 1925–26, 1927–28, 1928–29, 1929–30, 1930–31
Notable players
Robert Busnel
Antoine Rudler
Francis Rudler
Basketball teams in France
The Daily Journal was an English language newspaper published in Caracas, Venezuela. It was founded by Jules Waldman, an American journalist who lived in Caracas from 1940 to their death in 1990. The target market of the newspaper was English-reading people in Venezuela, which included expatriates of all nationalities as well as bilingual Venezuelans.
History
The first edition was launched on 17 February 1945 with the name of The Caracas Journal. On 23 February 1958, a special bilingual edition was published to chronicle the flight of Venezuelan strongman Marcos Pérez Jiménez.
In 1980, The Daily Journal began to be managed by the Czech born-Venezuelan raised business person Hans Neumann, who was the president of the board of directors until 2001 when they died. Rodger E. Farrell became president of the newspaper.
In 2003, The Daily Journal C.A., the previous owners, sold the newspaper to TDJ, C.A. a group of investors led by Janet Kelly, an American born expert on Venezuelan politics. After they were found dead on March of the same year, The Daily Journal passed into the hands of Russell M. Dallen Jr., who was president and editor-in-chief from 2003 to 2006.
Sale and demise
On 1 March 2006, The Daily Journal, which had dealt with financial problems, was bought by Julio Augusto López, a Venezuelan entrepreneur of Peruvian parents that allegedly had links to the Venezuelan government. The Daily Journal, previously known for "its editorial independence" then obtained a reputation of being a "chavista" newspaper, with the stance becoming aligned with Hugo Chávez's government and the owner, Julio Augusto López, allegedly becoming a member of the "Bolivarian bourgeoisie". In 2006, an edition for Peru was launched and Ollanta Humala, then running for president of Peru, allegedly received indirect support from the Chávez government through The Daily Journal, with the newspaper paying Humala's wife, Nadine Heredia, $4,000 monthly. Two years later on 18 November 2008, The Daily Journal went bankrupt and ceased to be published.
Content
The Daily Journal covered topics like politics, economy, business, science, sports and so on; although international news were given more coverage than Venezuelan news. The Daily Journal provided reports and columns from its partners at The New York Times, The Washington Post, the Los Angeles Times, and The Times. Some sections put to press regularly included a bridge (card game) column, a comics page, a crossword puzzle and a page full of sports scores. On weekends, the newspaper offered magazines, supplements and Sunday comics. Editorials by the staff of The Daily Journal were hardly ever published.
See also
Latin American Herald Tribune
List of newspapers in Venezuela
References
1945 establishments in Venezuela
2008 disestablishments in Venezuela
Defunct newspapers published in Venezuela
Mass media in Caracas
English-language newspapers published in South America
Newspapers established in 1945
Publications disestablished in 2008
Lottie (Holman) O'Neill (November 7, 1878 – February 17, 1967) was an American politician from Illinois who was the first woman elected to the Illinois General Assembly. First elected in 1922, O'Neill served 40 years in the Assembly, the longest-serving female elected official in the United States at the time.
O'Neill's record as the longest-serving female legislator in Illinois history for their service during 19 General Assemblies was surpassed when Barbara Flynn Currie was reelected to a twentieth term.
Biography
They were born November 7, 1878 in Barry, Illinois. They attended the common schools.
They earned a business degree, and then moved to Chicago. In 1904 they married Irish Australian immigrant William O'Neill, with whom they had two sons. The family moved to Downers Grove, Illinois in 1908. O'Neill became an activist for equal voting rights, working with the League of Women Voters.
Political career
O'Neill was inspired by the political success of Jeannette Rankin of Montana, who in 1916 was the first woman elected to the United States House of Representatives.
In 1920, women in Illinois gained the right to vote. In the next election cycle, O'Neill was encouraged by their husband to run for the legislature. They ran as a Republican and won one of the 41st district's three seats. At the beginning of their legislative career, they were frustrated when out of their thirteen proposed bills only three were able to pass the Illinois House. During their early career, they focused on equal rights for women, introducing the eight-hour work day and improving state assistance for disabled children.
In 1930, O'Neill ran against incumbent Richard J. Barr in the 41st district Republican primary for the Illinois Senate. They lost the Republican primary, but entered that year's United States Senate election as an independent candidate with the backing of the Illinois chapter of the Anti-Saloon League. O'Neill ran an aggressive campaign accusing Republican Ruth Hanna McCormick of corruption and attacking McCormick's inconsistent stance on prohibition. McCormick, who defeated Charles S. Deneen in the Republican primary, lost the election to Democrat J. Hamilton Lewis with O'Neill finishing a distant third.
They returned to the Illinois House in 1933. In 1935, a Democratic lawmaker called for O'Neill to be expelled from the House after they and a colleague introduced a resolution critical of President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Governor Henry Horner. The matter was settled after the offending resolution was withdrawn. Holman O'Neill was the chief sponsor of the bill that allowed women to serve on juries in Illinois. The bill passed in 1939, decades after Alta Hulett became the first woman admitted to the Illinois bar.
During their second House tenure O'Neill grew more conservative, a trend that would continue for the rest of their political career. They opposed federal income tax, growing state budgets, and "excessive regulations." Prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor, they were a supporter of the America First Committee and the Ludlow Amendment. After the war was declared, they remained a critic of the Roosevelt administration's wartime conduct and decisions.
Them isolationist tendencies would continue after World War II. They were a supporter of the Bricker Amendment and an opponent of American membership in the United Nations. In 1946, they successfully prevented National Federation of Republican Women from endorsing the proposed United Nations. Them opposition to the UN was so strong they even wished to see a ban on public buildings in Illinois flying the flag of the United Nations.
In 1950, O'Neill ran for the Illinois Senate in the 41st again. This time they faced James M. Barr, the nephew of retiring Senator Richard Barr, in the Republican primary. They won the Republican nomination by over 1,000 votes. In the general election, they easily defeated Democratic candidate and former state legislator Joseph Sam Perry of Glen Ellyn. In the Illinois House, they were succeeded by John M. King who at 23 was the youngest person elected to said body since Stephen A. Douglas.
O'Neill defeated the party's preferred slate of delegates to the 1956 Republican National Convention, which re-nominated Dwight Eisenhower. Prior to Eisenhower's nomination, they pressed the RNC on whether or not Eisenhower had adequately recovered from their heart attack, embarrassing the party. In 1958, 29 year old DuPage County Assistant State's Attorney, Harris Fawell challenged O'Neill in the 41st district Republican primary for the Illinois Senate. They defeated Fawell and was reelected to their sixth term.
In 1960, they founded the Northern Illinois Conservatives with the hopes of creating a voting bloc that would move the Republican Party further right. The organization lobbied delegates at the 1960 Republican National Convention to take up their positions including fiscally conservative stances against taxation and spending and opposition to the 1960 Democratic National Convention's platform in favor of civil rights for African Americans. O'Neill would blame Nixon's loss on their stances as a Rockefeller Republican.
They announced their retirement from the legislature January 8, 1962. They were succeeded in the Illinois Senate by their 1958 primary opponent Harris Fawell. In the 1964 presidential election, O'Neill was a staunch supporter of Barry Goldwater.
They were described as strong willed and independent, and was referred to by their colleagues as the "conscience of the Senate".
Later life
O'Neill retired from politics in 1963 at age 84. They died in Downers Grove, Illinois on February 17, 1967 at age 88.
Legacy
O'Neill Middle School in Downers Grove, Illinois is named in their honor. A statue in the rotunda of the Illinois State Capitol was erected in 1976 to commemorate O'Neill.
Sources
1878 births
1967 deaths
Politicians from Chicago
People from Barry, Illinois
Illinois Republicans
Illinois state senators
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Illinois
People from Downers Grove, Illinois
Conservatism in the United States
American temperance activists
The Commandry of Mirow was a commandry of the Knights Hospitaller, based in Mirow, a town in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It existed from 1226 until 1648.
External links
http://www.landesbibliographie-mv.de/REL?PPN=348978170
History of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
The Perrhaebi () were an ancient Greek people who lived on the western slopes of Olympus, on the border between Thessaly and Macedonia. They took part in the Trojan War under Guneus and also fought in the Battle of Thermopylae.
History
Still independent at the time of the Iliad, they were tributary períoikoi to the neighbouring Thessali in the 5th century BC, with a special dependence upon the city of Larisa. They could, however, enjoy some degree of autonomy whenever the Thessalian League was weaker, and they had retained from their independence two votes in the Delphic Amphictyonic League (Amphiktyonía), until Philip II of Macedon took one vote from them. They were part of the Macedonian Kingdom until the Roman conquest by Titus Quinctius Flamininus in 196 BC.
They were listed in Xerxes' vast army by Herodotus. A coin of the Perrhaebi depicted a man restraining a bull on one side and a horse on the other. The inscription was "Περραιβών".
Geography
Most of their country was mountainous and sparsely inhabited. Their principal towns were Phalanna, situated in fertile plains, and Oloosson, the tribal capital.
See also
Perrhaebus:Eponymous founder
References
Westlake, Henry Dickinson and Hornblower, Simon. "Perrhaebi" in The Oxford Classical Dictionary. London: OUP, 2003. p. 1142.
Perrhaebia
Ancient tribes in Thessaly
Ancient Thessalians
Greek tribes
The A.M. was a range of automobiles manufactured by the French firm of Ateliers Veuve A. de Mesmay. The vehicles were produced in Saint-Quentin, Aisne, France, from 1906 to 1914 and marketed under the name Automobiles 'Abeille' de Mesmay (hence the AM nomenclature). They were powered by petrol engines of various sizes made by the de Mesmay firm, all marketed under the 'Abeille' (En:'Bee') trade name. The same engines and chassis were used in the AML and AMC range of commercial vehicles.
The company was run by Amélie de Mesmay (née Belin), the widow (fr:'veuve') of Adolphe de Mesmay, who had started manufacturing their 'Abeille' marine petrol engine in 1898.
The de Mesmay company also manufactured light agricultural tractors from 1911 to 1914; they also sold marine and stationary engines in 1-, 2-, and 4-cylinder configurations. Vehicle production ceased at the beginning of World War I. The firm continued to manufacture proprietary engines after the war, and closed in 1936.
History
'Abeille' engines
(Marie Charles?) Adolphe de Mesmay was an engineer who had previously worked for the :fr:Société française de constructions mécaniques in Saint-Quentin. They built a factory in 1898 on the Quai Gayant (a quay on the Canal de Saint-Quentin) to manufacture their 'Abeille' marine engine. Their wife Amélie (née Belin) collaborated with them in running the business. The 'Abeille' trademark was registered in 1899; the Abeille engines were originally conceived as marine engines, and fitted to competition-winning motorboats.
The de Mesmay firm developed a number of 'Abeille' engines of different capacities. The two and four-cylinder engines were described (in French) in 1901 by the journal La Locomotion. 'Abeille' engines were fitted in cars by other makers, such as the Rocourt-Merlin of Marseille of 1901 and the 2-cylinder Brush car of 1902.
Car and truck manufacture
Adolphe de Mesmay died in May 1903; the business was carried on by their widow (fr:'veuve') Amélie and reconstructed as Ateliers Mme Veuve A. de Mesmay, with Louis Demilly as director. From c1906 the Ateliers Vve A. de Mesmay company fitted 'Abeille' engines to a chassis; advertised as Automobiles 'Abeille' de Mesmay, these were sold as complete automobiles, or as rolling chassis to be finished by other body-makers. In 1906, they were reported as offering for sale two 4-cylinder models producing 12 and 20 hp, as well as a 2-cylinder, 12 hp cars. Abeille also manufactured a carburettor in c1909, similar to a Daimler device. The factory was expanded in 1908–1911 to include three sites in Saint-Quentin.
Catalogues dating from c1910-1914 shows that the company made 4-cylinder automotive engines in five different sizes, fitted to 'Abeille' de Mesmay (AM) automobiles (models AM 1–5), vans (fr:'livraisons', AML I-III) and trucks (fr:'camions ', AMC I-II). These were sold as chassis or as complete vehicles. The cylinders of the two smaller engines were cast as monoblocs, the larger three had separate cylinders. Abeilles were available with different bodies ranging from 2-seater runabouts to Landaulettes, limousines and Double-Phaetons.
'Abeille' marine engines were available in 1, 2 and various 4-cylinder configurations. The 4-cylinder T-5 of about 30 hp was chosen by the French Navy to power armed patrol boats ('vedettes-canonniers') for export to a foreign navy.
At the Paris General Agricultural Exhibition in 1910, the firm exhibited a motor powered by naphthalene. Granules of naphthalene were heated to a liquid state (around 79 °C) by a pipe through which the hot exhaust gas was drawn. The liquid was forced by a small pump into the carburettor. The calorific value of naphthalene is about 8,765 calories/kg (36.6 MJ/kg) compared to normal gasoline, which is approx. 11,400 cal/kg (44.8 MJ/kg).
From 1911 the de Mesmay company also used the 'Abeille' engine to power a four-wheel drive light agricultural tractor, the 'Tracteur FT'. With a plough permanently fitted underneath, between the front and rear wheels and weighing about 1,050 kg, it was sold as the 'Houe-tracteur'.
The de Mesmay firm sold 'Abeille' engines in various configurations such as stationary engines and generator sets for lighting and cinemas (in 1913 the factory installed a 4-cylinder Abeille 25-30 hp engine coupled to a Jacquet dynamo (60 A - 150 V) to power the electric lighting), as well as making gas engines sold under the name Moteurs A. de Mesmay. Production of vehicles ceased on 26 August 1914 soon after the outbreak of war. Total annual production of Abeille engines up to 1914 is estimated at 215 units. The enterprise employed 20 to 30 workers in 1900, 80 to 90 in 1914, and around 40 in 1924.
First World War
The town of Saint-Quentin was overrun by the German Army in September 1914, and the factory was taken over as an extension of Krupp to repair guns and machine guns, and also to make barbed wire. When the town became the centre of fighting in 1916 the Germans expelled the populace and systematically stripped the town of industrial equipment.
Post-war
Mesmay's widow Amélie restarted partial engine production after the war in Mantes-la-Jolie, a western suburb of Paris, and returned to the newly built factories in Saint-Quentin in 1920. They died in May 1922, succeeded in business by their legal heir François Thellier. Ateliers Veuve A. de Mesmay continued to make 'Abeille' marine engines into the 1930s and finally closed in 1936. In 1949 the workshops were integrated into the business of a foundry and valve or tap (US:faucet) maker, Maumaire Dubua et Cie. The site closed in the 1990s.
Engines and applications
This table contains an incomplete list of 'Abeille' engines; the firm made a wide range of 1, 2, and 4-cylinder engines in both separate and monobloc configurations and with different cylinder dimensions.
A 40 hp Abeille engine was used to power a Renard Road Train exhibited at the 1908 Franco-British Exhibition, White City, London. A second train was used to carry passengers for pleasure around the ground for 6d. (2p, 12 cents) The Technical Director of the French Société des Trains Renard was Frédéric Airault who, like Adolphe de Mesmay, had worked at the :fr:Société française de constructions mécaniques, also based in Saint-Quentin. Airault had previously worked at the firm of Anciennes usines Buchet in Levallois, a north western Paris suburb. The Filtz motor company was also based there, whose 72 hp engines was also used in the Renard train.
Disambiguation
Abeille was also the name of a horse-drawn hire cab firm in Paris; before the introduction of the Renault Taxi de la Marne of 1904, Abeille were among the biggest cab companies along with the Compagnie Générale des Voitures, and Urbaine.
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
External links
Photo of large engine under test at the de Mesnay works c1910-1914
Photo gallery with AM badge, factory and automobiles (Russian site). Accessed 21 March 2016
Forum with photos including various de Mesnay stationary engines, and video of a Winterthur gas engine, installed in the factory. (in French) Retrieved 21 March 2016
1900s cars
1910s cars
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of France
Marine engines
Stationary engines
Sibylle Matter (born 2 September 1973 in Hergiswil, lives in Plaffeien) is an athlete from Switzerland and physician. They compete in triathlon.
Matter competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took thirty-sixth place with a total time of 2:13:25.38.
External links
Trisuisse profile: Sibylle Matter
Sibylle Matter on swissolympians (in German)
1973 births
Living people
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Switzerland
Swiss female triathletes
Sportspeople from Nidwalden
Woman's Industrial Exchange is a historic building located at 333 North Charles Street, Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It consists of a townhouse erected in 1815, with a large, five-story structure appended to the rear. The building was purchased in 1860 by Mrs. Mary E. Boardley for a boarding house, and they added the rear wing. The Exchange purchased the building in 1889. A shop window was added circa 1900, which enhances the fine Flemish bonded brick work and marble stoop. The mixed-use building houses the shop and offices of The Woman's Industrial Exchange, two restaurants, and seven residential apartments.
The organization
The Woman's Industrial Exchange of Baltimore City was a non-profit organization that was founded in 1880, incorporated in 1882, and continues to serve the same mission of providing local people the opportunity to earn income by selling handmade items to the public.
The Woman's Industrial Exchange began shortly after the Civil War in the home of Mrs. G. Harmon Brown of Baltimore, where women brought their handwork to be sold to local citizens and visitors. Mrs. Harmon's endeavor was part of a nationwide Exchange Movement to help women in need discreetly earn a living.
In 1880 the enterprise was so successful that a shop was opened at Saratoga and Holiday Streets. In 1882 the State Legislature incorporated the organization "for the purpose of endeavoring by sympathy and practical aid to encourage and help needy women to help themselves by procurring for them and establishing a salesroom for the sale of Women's Work."
In the late 1800s The Exchange sold women's handwork, operated a Tea Room and gave instructions in needlework and cooking. Consignors provided quality handmade items to be sold in the shop. The Exchange continues to serve its non-profit mission as an outlet of hand-crafted goods made by women and men intent on supporting themselves with dignity.
The Woman's Industrial Exchange building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. It is included in the Baltimore National Heritage Area.
The Woman's Industrial Exchange officially ceased operations on June 15, 2020.
References
External links
, including photo from 2004, at Maryland Historical Trust
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
Downtown Baltimore
Houses completed in 1815
Baltimore National Heritage Area
History of women in Maryland
Industrial history of Maryland
Woman's Exchange movement
Kapalkundala () is a Bengali romance novel by Indian writer Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay. Published in 1866, it is a story of a forest-dwelling girl named Kapalkundala, who fell in love with and married Nabakumar, a young gentleman from Saptagram, but eventually found that they are unable to adjust themselves with the city life. Following the success of Chattopadhyay's first novel Durgeshnandini, they decided to write about a girl who is brought up in a remote forest by a Kapalika (Tantrik sage) and never saw anyone but their foster-father. The story is set in Dariapur, Contai in modern-day Purba Medinipur district, Paschimbanga (West Bengal) where Chattopadhyay served as a Deputy Magistrate and Deputy Collector.
Kapalkundala is considered one of the finest and the most popular of Chattopadhyay's novels. It has been translated into English, German, Hindi, Gujrati, Tamil, Telugu and Sanskrit. Girish Chandra Ghosh, one of the pioneers of Bengali drama, and Atul Krishna Mitra dramatized the novel separately.
Synopsis
Nabakumar, a young gentleman from Saptagram, got lost in a forest while returning from pilgrimage in Gangasagar. They met a Tantric sage who trapped him, intending to make them a sacrifice to goddess Shamshaan
Kali; but was later freed secretly by Kapalkundala, the sage's foster-daughter. She, at once, fell in love with Nabakumar and with the help of a village priest they got married on the next day. The priest urged Nabakumar to take Kapalkundala away from their wicked foster-father and also showed Nabakumar their way to Saptagram. Nabakumar returned home with their newly-wed wife Kapalkundala, now re-christened as Mrinmoyee. The sage, on the other hand, got annoyed at Kapalkundala's betrayal and began to plot their revenge. In the meantime, Nabakumar met Padmabati, their first wife, who was converted to Islam by their father, making Nabakumar to desert them Padmabati, now renamed as Motibibi, expressed their love for Nabakumar, but they refused them Later the sage came to Saptagram and met Motibibi. The sage wanted to kill Kapalkundala, but Motibibi wanted to separate them from Nabkumar only. They made a plot to prove Kapalkundala unfaithful. Padmabati called Kapalkundala to meet them in a nearby forest and she, herself, came there in a man's disguise. The sage showed Nabakumar that Kapalkundala came out at night to meet a ‘man whom they loves'. Then the sage made the angry Nabakumar bring Kapalkundala to the sacrificial ground where Kapalkundala revealed the truth to him. Nabakumar came to their senses and they asked Kapalkundala to come with them to their home, but they refused and jumped into the river. Nabakumar also jumped into the river to save her, but both of them were lost.
Sequel
In 1874, Damodar Mukhopadhyay, a relative of Chattopadhyay, wrote Mrinmayee, a sequel to Kapalkundala. Mukhopadhyay also wrote Nabab-Nandini, a sequel to Chattopadhyay's first work Durgeshnandini, in 1901.
In adaptation
Films
Bengali
1929: Kapalkundala, starring Durgadas Bannerjee, Indira Devi, Sita Devi, directed by Priyanath N. Ganguly.
1933: Kapalkundala, starring Durgadas Bannerjee, Manoranjan Bhattacharya and Molina Devi, directed by Premankur Atorthy.
1952: Kapalkundala, directed by Ardhendu Mukherjee.
1981: Kapalkundala, starring Bhanu Banerjee, Ranjit Mallick, Mahua Roy Chowdhury, directed by Pinaki Bhushan Mukherji.
Hindi
1939: Kapal Kundala, starring Sailen Choudhury, Leela Desai and Najmul Hussain, directed by Nitin Bose, Phani Majumdar.
Television
Kapal Kundala, a television series based on the aired on DD National.
2019-20: Kapalkundala, an Indian Bengali television soap opera that aired on Star Jalsha.
Others
It was adapted as a comic by Debrani Mitra in the 720th issue of the Indian comic book series, Amar Chitra Katha.
References
External links
Novels by Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay
1866 novels
Bengali-language literature
Indian Bengali-language novels
Novels adapted into comics
Indian novels adapted into films
Indian novels adapted into television shows
19th-century Indian novels
Baritone Landscape (released 2001 by the label Gemini Records - GMCD 107) is a solo album by John Pål Inderberg.
Critical reception
Barytone saxophone is an unusual solo instrument. Reviewer Tomas Lauvland Pettersen on Listen to Norway, states: "On the aptly titled Baritone Landscape they have gathered a crew of formidable players to explore what could loosely be described as the Tristano School. Joining in on the unorthodox key changes and augmented chords is piano player Vigleik Storaas, bassist Sondre Meisfjord and drummer Ernst Wiggo Sandbakk – all highly respected players with a strong background from Trondheim's Jazz Conservatory. Inderberg is one of the few baritone players to attempt the challenging multi-noted theme statements and serpentine-like solos, which form such important aspects of Tristano's work. Most will agree that they have succeeded in their attempt".
The review by Terje Mosnes of the Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet awarded the album dice 5.
Track listing
«Brother Can You Spare a Dime» (5:47) (Jay Gorney)
«It's You» (5:07) (Lee Konitz)
«Bassalter» (7:04) (John Pål Inderberg)
«Feather Bed/No Splice» (5:28) (Ted Brown/Lee Konitz)
«Baritone Landscape» (4:17) (John Pål Inderberg)
«Dream Stepper» (3:28) (Lee Konitz)
«Dixies Dilemma/Emma» (8:23) (Warne Marsh)
Personnel
John Pål Inderberg – barytone saxophone
Vigleik Storaas – piano
Sondre Meisfjord – double bass
Ernst-Wiggo Sandbakk - drums
Credits
Alun Morgan - liner notes
Björn Petersen - executive producer
Roger Valstad - engineer & producer
References
John Pål Inderberg albums
2001 albums
ASTAC () is a B band to K band (NATO) SIGINT aircraft pod made by Thales Group. It is a reconnaissance system used to intercept and analyse tactical and technical data on Radio frequency emissions radiated by land-based radars and weapon systems. Recording capabilities and datalinks for real-time interfaces with ground stations are available as options. In operation under F-4 Phantom, Mirage 2000-5, Mirage 2000D, Mirage F1. Two of them also equip the two Transall C-160G Gabriel, one at each wingtip. It has been fitted under F-16 for NATO trials. The different generations of ASTAC are operated by more than ten air forces worldwide.
References
Signals intelligence
Thales Group
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Shima, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
Lines
Kutsukake Station is served by the Shima Line, and is located 54.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Station layout
The station was consists of one island platform, connected to the road by a level crossing. There is no station building, but only a shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Kutsukake Station opened on July 23, 1929 as a station on the Shima Electric Railway. The line was one of six private companies consolidated into Mie Kotsu by order of the Japanese government on February 11, 1944. When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1, 1964, the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway, which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1, 1965.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 12 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
National Route 167
Ankoku-ji Temple
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu: Kutsukake Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Shima, Mie
Frederick Anthony Heep "Rick" Larson (born March 26, 1953) is an American lawyer and law professor who became a filmmaker after they investigated the Star of Bethlehem and became a traveling speaker on the topic, then made their first documentary film The Star of Bethlehem about their findings in 2007. In March 2019 Larson released their second film, the documentary The Christ Quake, which had been in production since 2013.
Education and primary career
Larson graduated from the University of Southern California and earned their Juris Doctor degree at the University of Southern California Law Center. Their areas of legal expertise are intellectual property, business, and corporate law. Larson was voted Professor of the Year when they were a teacher at Texas A & M University.
Films
The Star of Bethlehem
Larson used the Starry Night astronomy software program after they became interested in the Christmas Star because they needed to produce one for the Magi they made as Christmas decorations for their yard, but did not know what to create.
Larson became intrigued with the Star after reading astronomer Craig Chester's article, based in part on the work of Ernest Martin about the Bethlehem Star being a possible actual event. Chester, a co-founder of the Monterey Institute for Research in Astronomy, thought the planetary conjunctions of 2 BC were a more plausible explanation for what the Magi would have seen than events found in earlier dates. Larson thinks astronomical events in 3-2 BC fit the evidence found in the Bible. They also believe King Herod the Great died in 1 BC, although others, including astronomer David Hughes and astronomer Mike Molnar, believe Herod died in 4 BC.
Larson examined the biblical account in the Gospel of Matthew, chapter 2 and located nine qualities of Bethlehem's Star: It signified birth, it signified kingship, it was related to the Jewish nation, and it rose "in the East"; furthermore, King Herod had not been aware of it; it appeared at an exact time; it endured over time; and, according to the book of Matthew, it was before the Magi as they traveled south from Jerusalem to Bethlehem, then it stopped over Bethlehem.
Larson wrote the screenplay and was co-executive producer with Stephen McEveety, whose films include The Passion of the Christ and Braveheart.
The Christ Quake
After they investigated the Star of Bethlehem, Larson began work on a second film, The Christ Quake, focused on uncovering physical evidence of the earthquake the Bible says took place when Christ died on the cross. It is based on the book of Matthew 27:51, which says, "and the earth did quake, and the rocks rent". On May 21, 2019, the DVD was released in English and in Spanish. In addition to appearing in the documentary, Larson was its screenwriter and executive producer.
Personal life
Larson studied under Francis Schaeffer in Switzerland at the L'Abri Christian community.
They founded the STAR project, a nonprofit organization that promotes unity among Christians of many denominations. On July 28, 2016, Julie Davison Larson posted a message from Rick Larson in which they said they were married to her, that they were composing the music for every instrument of the orchestra for The Christ Quake film, and added, "I'm the one that cooks dinner when they are scoring."
See also
Apparent retrograde motion
Johannes Kepler
Stephen McEveety
References
External links
The Star of Bethlehem information site Retrieved on April 1, 2016.
The Star of Bethlehem movie website. Archived from the original on April 7, 2016. Retrieved on April 1, 2016.
The Christ Quake official website Retrieved on August 27, 2019.
1953 births
Living people
American Christians
American Christian writers
American lawyers
Legal educators
University of Southern California alumni
USC Gould School of Law alumni
Texas A&M University faculty
Screenwriters from California
Film producers from California
Screenwriters from Texas
Film producers from Texas
American male screenwriters
American documentary film producers
Star of Bethlehem
Ancient astronomy
Christian cosmology
American male non-fiction writers
20th-century Christians
21st-century Christians
Daniel Robert Goffey (born 7 February 1974) is an English musician and singer-songwriter.  They are best known as the drummer and backing vocalist for Supergrass. They briefly toured with Babyshambles in 2010, following their drummer's departure.
Career
1991–1993: The Jennifers
Goffey was born on 7 February 1974 in Eton, Berkshire, and started their music career as a child when they formed their first band, The Jubbly Spufflewubs, which consisted of their brother on guitar and friend David Mackay. They had no drums so had to accompany the others by hitting chopsticks on lunch boxes. At age 10 they received a high hat and snare from their parents, prompting them to start their other band, The Fallopian Tubes. They made songs such as "My Wife Shut My Gonads in the Door", Goffey saying: "That one was about sexual frustration I seem to recall. So were all the others [songs]...". At Wheatley Park School, east of Oxford, they became drummer for the four-piece The Jennifers, which featured a 16-year-old Gaz Coombes on vocals. The Jennifers began building a reputation in the Oxford indie music scene and released one single in 1992 on Nude Records before they disbanded.
Allegedly, before the split, Goffey and Coombes had agreed to continue to work together in the future.
1993–2010: Supergrass
In 1993, Coombes introduced Goffey to their co-worker Mick Quinn, who at the time was working at a local Harvester; "I imposed on Mick's life. I imposed on them greatly," said Goffey. "He had a house, and I used to take people back and sleep with them on their sofa. That's how they built their foundation in this band. That's how I met him. I shagged too often on their sofa. But when we played together... we've still never been able to describe it in interviews. When we're in that room, we're all really similar. We know. We all have the same ideas. We're really quick. It just... happens."
The three of them soon started playing together and shortly after Theodore Supergrass, later just Supergrass, were formed. The band enjoyed a good start to their musical career with the release of their debut album I Should Coco (1995) which reached number one in the UK Albums Chart. This good start continued with the release of the single "Alright", which peaked at number two in the UK Singles Chart. Several albums later and Supergrass were still together, recording their next album, tentatively titled Release the Drones, slated for release in May 2010. It remained unreleased and unfinished as, on 12 April 2010, the band announced that it was splitting up due to musical and creative differences. The group disbanded after four farewell gigs, the final one at La Cigale, Paris on 11 June 2010.
Danny's brother, Nic Goffey, who was also a part of The Jennifers, has directed most Supergrass' music videos, along with their friend Dom. They work under the name Dom and Nic. They have joked on the Supergrass Is 10 DVD about nearly killing the band on several occasions while filming music videos.
Other projects
Goffey embarked on a solo project in 2006 using the pseudonym "Van Goffey", a name based on the artist Vincent van Gogh. They released tracks via MySpace in August 2006, the first three being "Crack House Blues", "I Feel so Gaye" and "Natalie Loves the F". They were also a drummer for the collective of musicians called Twisted X who released a charity football song called "Born in England" which charted at number 8 in the UK Singles Charts in 2004.
In 2004, they joined other musicians including Paul McCartney to record a Christmas charity single called "Do They Know It's Christmas?" which reached number one in the UK Singles Chart.
Goffey appeared with Supergrass on a 'Top Gear of the Pops' special programme for Comic Relief 2007. The band played "Richard III" with Ade Edmondson on second guitar.
In 2007 and 2008, while Supergrass bandmate Mick Quinn was suffering from broken heel and vertebrae, Danny and Gaz Coombes went on a short tour of the country playing at small venues as the Diamond Hoo Ha Men. The tour was captured on film for a Rockumentary called Glange Fever, released in 2008.
Goffey and Gaz Coombes joined other musicians including Paul Weller to record a charity single called "Consequences" for the charity Crisis. The idea for the song came from Danny and their girlfriend, Pearl Lowe, who is an ambassador for the Crisis charity. Their idea was to record a song in the same way that a person would play the game Consequences. A live event took place at the Roundhouse in London on 2 March 2008.
On 7 March 2008, Goffey accompanied politician Boris Johnson in a bid to try to save the post office near where they had grown up in Forest Hill, at Stanton St. John, Oxfordshire. Goffey commented; "I used to buy sweets and cigarettes there and I want my family to be able to continue that tradition."
On 19 March 2008, the Diamond Hoo Ha Men played a gig on London's South Bank (having to change from the originally planned River Thames due to crowd control problems) to raise money for Crisis, offering a free ticket to their London Astoria show to whoever donated the most money. They were watched by around 75 spectators, having previously announced the busking session on radio station Xfm London. This was filmed for the BBC 2 programme, The Culture Show.
Goffey appeared as a contestant in the sixth series of Celebrity Masterchef on BBC One, in which they reached the semi-finals.
As "Vangoffey", they released solo albums Take Your Jacket Off & Get into It in 2015 and Schtick 2018.
Personal life
Goffey is the son of Chris Goffey, motoring journalist and ex-presenter of Top Gear, and their mother is an ex-Labour Party councillor. Their brother is Nic Goffey, of the directing partnership Dom and Nic.
Goffey lived in Berkshire up until the age of 13, at which point their family relocated to the Oxfordshire village of Forest Hill, approximately 4.5 miles east of Oxford. They began to attend nearby Wheatley Park School, where they met Gaz Coombes, two years their junior, on the playing fields of Wheatley School and asked them to form a band with them (The Jennifers). In 1993 (after The Jennifers had separated), they and Coombes began to share a house on Cowley Road in east Oxford, and Goffey later managed to complete their A-levels at Henley College in Henley-upon-Thames. Goffey also worked as a catering assistant in a school at this time.
During the recording of In It for the Money, Goffey moved out of their and Coombes's house to live in London with their partner, and singer in the band Powder, Pearl Lowe. This introduced Goffey to Lowe's social circle of celebrities such as Liam Gallagher and Kate Moss, and led to a surge of appearances of them in the tabloids. During this time, tensions within Supergrass began to increase, with Goffey often stalling recording of the album in Sawmills Studio, Cornwall by returning to London to record with their second band, Lodger, of which Lowe was also a member. The lyrics for "Going Out" were also causing arguments, as Goffey presumed that Coombes had written them about the column inches they and Lowe had been achieving.
After being together for over thirteen years, Goffey and Lowe married on 4 December 2008, in a small chapel at Babington House, near their home in Frome, Somerset, where they live with their two sons, Alfie Lennon and Frankie, and daughter, Betty. They spent their honeymoon on the island of Tobago. Lowe was expecting another baby, due in autumn 2010, however it was announced by Goffey in May 2010 that Lowe had suffered a miscarriage.
Solo discography
Vangoffey
Take Your Jacket Off & Get into It (2015)
Schtick (2018)
See also
Supergrass discography
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Babyshambles members
British male drummers
Britpop musicians
English male guitarists
English multi-instrumentalists
English rock drummers
English rock guitarists
English songwriters
People from Eton, Berkshire
Supergrass members
Mathias Abel (born 22 June 1981) is a German retired footballer who played as a defender.
Football career
Abel was born in Kaiserslautern, Rhineland-Palatinate. After starting with amateurs Eintracht Bad Kreuznach and having a spell with Borussia Dortmund's reserves, they joined 1. FSV Mainz 05 in 2002, helping the club promote from the second division in their second year with 18 matches.
Abel made their Bundesliga debut on 14 August 2004, in a 2–1 home win over Hamburger SV. They scored three goals during the season, as their team maintained its status.
From 2006 onwards, Abel would appear sparingly for several clubs: FC Schalke 04 – which also loaned them for five months to Hamburg – and 1. FC Kaiserslautern, appearing almost exclusively for the latter's B-side during two years. This was mainly due to two consecutive anterior cruciate ligament injuries (in early 2004, they suffered the same injury while at Mainz, being sidelined for six months).
Abel's first appearance for Kaiserslautern's first team only took place on 26 October 2010, as an early substitute in a 3–0 home win against Arminia Bielefeld for the campaign's German Cup. Four days later, they managed to play the full 90 minutes in the league fixture against Borussia Mönchengladbach (same venue and result).
In February 2013 Abel was linked with China League One team Beijing Baxy FC, but nothing came of it. After their contract with Lautern expired in the summer, they went on trial with Brunei DPMM FC of the S.League.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
People from Kaiserslautern
German footballers
Association football defenders
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Borussia Dortmund II players
1. FSV Mainz 05 players
FC Schalke 04 players
Hamburger SV players
1. FC Kaiserslautern players
1. FC Kaiserslautern II players
Footballers from Rhineland-Palatinate
Joan Perelló Alejo (born 6 October 1993, in Palma) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1993 births
Spanish motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Justice Waterman may refer to:
Charles M. Waterman (judge), associate justice of the Iowa Supreme Court
Thomas D. Waterman, associate justice of the Iowa Supreme Court
Chana Orloff (; 12 July 1888 – 16 December 1968) was Ukrainian-born Israeli Art deco and figurative art sculptor.
Biography
Chana Orloff was born in Starokonstantinov Russian Empire (now Ukraine). They immigrated to Ottoman Palestine in 1905 and settled in Jaffa, where they found a job as a cutter and seamstress. Zvi Nishri (Orloff), the pioneer in physical education in Israel, was their brother.
They joined Hapoel Hatzair workers movement. After five years in the country, they were offered a teaching position in cutting and dressmaking at Gymnasia Herzliya. They went to Paris to study fashion but chose art instead, enrolling in sculpture classes at the Académie Russe in Montparnasse. In 1916, they married Ary Justman, a Warsaw-born writer and poet. The couple had a son, but Ary died of influenza in the epidemic of 1919. When the Nazis invaded Paris, Orloff fled to Switzerland with their son and the Jewish painter Georges Kars. In February 1945, Kars committed suicide in Geneva, after which Orloff returned to Paris, to find that their house had been ransacked and the sculptures in their studio destroyed.
Art career
In Paris, Orloff became friendly with other young Jewish artists, among them Marc Chagall, Jacques Lipchitz, Amedeo Modigliani, Pascin, Chaïm Soutine, and Ossip Zadkine. In 1913, they exhibited in the Salon d'Automne. After the establishment of the State of Israel, Orloff began spending an increasing amount of time there. The Tel Aviv Museum of Art held an exhibition of 37 of their sculptures in 1949. They remained in Israel for about a year in order to complete a sculpture of David Ben-Gurion, The Hero Monument to the defenders of Ein Gev and The Motherhood Monument in memory of Chana Tuckman who died during the 1947–1949 Palestine war. In addition to monuments, Orloff sculpted portraits of Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion and future Prime Minister Levi Eshkol; the architects Pierre Chareau, and Auguste Perret; painters Henri Matisse, Amedeo Modigliani, Pablo Picasso, and Per Krohg; and the poets Hayyim Nahman Bialik, and Pierre Mac Orlan.
Orloff died in Israel on December 16, 1968.
See also
Visual arts in Israel
Women of Israel
References
Further reading
Birnbaum, Paula J. (forthcoming 2022) Chana Orloff: A Modern Woman Sculptor of the School of Paris, Brandeis University Press.
Birnbaum, Paula J. Women Artists in Interwar France: Framing Femininities, Aldershot, Ashgate, 2011.
Kikoïne, Yankel, Chana Orloff, Paris, Musée Bourdelle, 1988, .
Kofler, Hana, Chana Orloff: Line & Substance, 1912-1968. Tefen: the Open Museum, Tefen Industrial Park, 1993.
Marcilhac, Félix. Chana Orloff, Paris: Editions de l'Amateur, 1991.
Musée Rodin, Chana Orloff; sculptures et dessins, Paris, Musée Rodin, 1971,
Richard de la Fuente, Véronique, Dada à Barcelone, 1914-1918: Chronique de l'avant-garde artistique parisienne en exil en Catalogne pendant la grande guerre: Francis Picabia, Manolo Hugue, Serge Charchoune, Marie Laurencin, Olga Sacharoff, Franck Burty, Chana Orloff, Albert Gleizes, Kees van Dongen, Arthur Cravan, Otto Lloyd, Pau Gargallo, S et R Delaunay, Céret, Albères, 2001, .
The Tel Aviv Museum, Chana Orloff: Exposition Retrospective, 120 Sculptures, 60 Designs, Tel Aviv Museum, 1969.
External links
Biography in the Encyclopedia of Jewish Women at the Jewish Women's Archive
Official web site
1888 births
1968 deaths
20th-century sculptors
20th-century Israeli women artists
Women sculptors
Jewish sculptors
Israeli sculptors
Ukrainian sculptors
Ukrainian emigrants to Israel
Israeli Jews
Ukrainian Jews
People from Kostiantynivka
People from Yekaterinoslav Governorate
Ukrainian women sculptors
Israeli women sculptors
Burials at Kiryat Shaul Cemetery
Platysmurus is a genus of treepie in the family Corvidae.
It contains the following species:
Malayan black magpie (Platysmurus leucopterus)
Bornean black magpie (Platysmurus aterrimus)
References
Platysmurus
Bird genera
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
It Just So Happens is an album by trombonist Ray Anderson which was recorded in 1987 and released on the Enja label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "Although trombonist Ray Anderson sounded fine on their earlier trio and quartet dates, they really comes into their own when joined by other horns. ... An excellent example of the innovative Ray Anderson's work".
Track listing
All compositions by Ray Anderson except where noted
"Once in a While" (Michael Edwards, Bud Green) – 6:17
"It Just So Happens" – 5:52
"Ross the Boss" – 7:29
"Elegy for Joe Scott" – 5:20
"La Vie en Rose" (Louiguy, Marguerite Monnot, Édith Piaf) – 4:15
"Once in a While" [Alternate Take] (Edwards, Green) – 6:24 Additional track on CD release
"Raven's Jolly Jump Up" – 5:24
"Fatelet" – 6:59
"Fishin' With Gramps" – 4:57
Personnel
Ray Anderson – trombone
Stanton Davis – trumpet
Perry Robinson – clarinet
Bob Stewart – tuba
Mark Dresser – bass
Ronnie Burrage – drums
References
Ray Anderson (musician) albums
1987 albums
Enja Records albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Sancterila is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It contains three subgenera: Sancterila, Celarchus, and Armentulus. Celarchus was originally described as a distinct genus, of which Armentulus was a subgenus.
The nominotypical subgenus Sancterila contains four species endemic to Sulawesi and one species endemic to Buru and Ambon.
Species
Subgenus Sancterila Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983
Sancterila deliciosa (Pagenstecher, 1896)
Sancterila prattorum Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983
Sancterila drakei Cassidy, 1995
Sancterila russelli Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983
Subgenus Celarchus Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983
Sancterila archagathos (Fruhstorfer, 1910)
Sancterila hermarchus (Fruhstorfer, 1910)
Subgenus Armentulus Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983
Sancterila shelfordii (de Nicéville, 1902)
References
External links
"Sancterila Eliot & Kawazoé, 1983" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Polyommatini
John Albert "Kayo" Dottley (August 25, 1928 – November 17, 2018) was an American football fullback in the National Football League who played for the Chicago Bears.
Biography
Dottley played high school football in McGehee, Arkansas. At Ole Miss, Dottley was the first running back in the school's history to record back-to-back 1,000-yard seasons in 1949-1950. They also hold the single season rushing record of 1312 yards in 1949.
In their autobiography, Hall of Famer Art Donovan paid Dottley this tribute: "They talk about Walter Payton making people pay for bringing them down, but Payton's nothing but a Fancy Dan compared to a halfback who used to play for the Bears named John Dottley, a tough big kid from Mississippi."
Honors
First-team All-America selection (1949)
Pro Bowl selection (1951)
Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame (1971)
Ole Miss Sports Hall of Fame (1987)
Ole Miss Team of the Century (1893–1992)
See also
List of college football yearly rushing leaders
References
1928 births
2018 deaths
Players of American football from Birmingham, Alabama
People from McGehee, Arkansas
Players of American football from Arkansas
American football fullbacks
Ole Miss Rebels football players
Chicago Bears players
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
Gardiner is a town in the south-central part of Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 5,713 at the 2010 census.
History
The first settlers in the region were Huguenots from France. Gardiner was created from parts of New Paltz, Rochester, and Denning by an act of the New York State Legislature on April 2, 1853. The first town meeting was on May 17, 1853. It was named for Lieutenant Governor Addison Gardiner. In 1925, a large fire destroyed a large part of Gardiner village.
The Wallkill Valley Rail Trail begins in southern Gardiner and runs along the abandoned Wallkill Valley Railroad rail corridor to New Paltz. Majestic Park is off Farmer's Turnpike, and features a skate park, playground, gazebo, and covered picnic area as well as three barbecue grills. It also has a baseball diamond, basketball, and handball courts.
The Phillies Bridge Farm Project has a longstanding history in the area, being the oldest working farm in New York state. It is farmed using a community-supported agriculture model, and the nonprofit mission is expressed largely through food-justice initiatives.
The Peter Aldrich Homestead, Bevier House, Brykill, Johannes Decker Farm, Gardiner School, Jenkins-DuBois Farm and Mill Site, John A. Lafevre House and School, Abraham and Maria LeFevre House, Locust Lawn Estate, Trapps Mountain Hamlet Historic District, and Tuthilltown Gristmill are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Church of St. Charles Borromeo
Rev. James Mee was pastor of St. James Church in Milton. They also attended missions in Marlboro and Ireland Corners (an early name for Gardiner). In 1884 this was made a separate mission with Wallkill and New Paltz attached under the care of an English priest, Rev. Charles Browne. The Church of St. Charles Borromeo was dedicated at Gardiner. In 1886 Rev. Joseph L. Hoey was named pastor.
Geography
Gardiner is at the center of Ulster County. It is bordered by Rochester to the north and west, to the north by New Paltz, to the west by Wawarsing, to the east by Plattekill, and to the south by Shawangunk.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which is land and is water.
The Wallkill River flows from south to north through the center of the town. The Shawangunk Mountains are partly in the western part of the town.
Climate
Demographics
At the time of the 2000 census, there were 5,238 people, 1,997 households, and 1,389 families residing in the town. The population density was 118.0 people per square mile (45.6/km2). There were 2,255 housing units at an average density of 50.8 per square mile (19.6/km2). The racial makeup of the town was 94.35% white, 1.76% black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.74% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.11% from other races, and 1.87% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.58% of the population.
There were 1,997 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.1% were married couples living together, 7.2% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.4% were non-families. 21.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the town, the population was spread out, with 26.0% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 32.3% from 25 to 44, 26.1% from 45 to 64, and 9.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.1 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $54,432, and the median income for a family was $62,750. Males had a median income of $40,964 versus $29,474 for females. The per capita income for the town was $25,091. About 4.7% of families and 7.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.5% of those under age 18 and 4.3% of those age 65 or over.
Communities and locations in Gardiner
Benton Corners – a hamlet west of Gardiner village on Routes 44 and 55.
Forest Glen – a hamlet in the northern part of the town, west of Jenkinstown.
Ganahgot – a hamlet west of Gardiner village, Tuthill and the Wallkill River. The Shawangunk Kill joins the Wallkill River near this community.
Gardiner – a hamlet located at the junctions of Routes 19 and 44-55.
Ireland Corners – a hamlet east of Gardiner village at the junction of 44-55 and Route 208.
Jenkinstown – a hamlet in the northeastern part of the town near the town line.
Libertyville – a hamlet by the northern town line.
Rutsonville – a hamlet near the southern town line on Route 7.
Tuthill – a hamlet west of Gardiner village on Route 55, near the Wallkill River.
Wallkill Camp – a hamlet in the northern part of the town.
References
Bibliography
External links
Town of Gardiner, New York
Shawangunks
Towns in the New York metropolitan area
Towns in Ulster County, New York
Wallkill River
Daniel I of Armenia () was a Syrian who became Catholicos in Armenia's Holy Apostolic Church after the reign of four hereditary Parthian catholicoi (St. Gregory I the Enlightener, their son St. Aristaces I, St. Vrtanes I and St. Husik I. They ruled symbolically less than one year in 347 AD and was succeeded by Pharen I of Armenia of the Ashishatts Dynasty.
Daniel was an ethnic Syriac and a disciple of Gregory the Illuminator. After King Tiran ordered the death of Catholicos Husik, they requested Daniel to replace him. However, Daniel refused the appointment and accused the King of a lavish lifestyle. Angered by Daniel's response, the King ordered that Daniel should be strangled.
Notes
References
Journals
Catholicoi of Armenia
4th-century archbishops
Deaths by strangulation
Marc Lamont Hill (born December 17, 1978) is an American academic, author, activist, and television personality.  They are a professor of media studies and urban education at Temple University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Hill is the host of UpFront on Al Jazeera English. Previously they were the syndicated television show Our World with Black Enterprise and hosts the online Internet-based HuffPost Live.  They are also a BET News correspondent, and a former political commentator for CNN and Fox News. Hill also hosts VH1 Live! and reunion shows for Basketball Wives. In November 2018, Hill was fired from their position as a commentator for CNN after remarks before the U.N. on the Israeli–Palestinian conflict that were alleged to be antisemitic.
Early life and education
Hill was born and raised in Philadelphia. When they were 14, Hill met future NBA star Kobe Bryant at a basketball summer camp, and the two became close friends and remained so until Bryant's death. After graduating from Carver High School, a public school in Philadelphia, Hill attended Morehouse College, a private liberal arts college, but says they spent their time "hanging out and getting in trouble", and dropped out of Morehouse when they were a first-year student. They finished their undergraduate studies at Temple University, where they received their B.S. in education and Spanish in 2000. They later earned both an MA and a Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania.
Career
From 2005 to 2009, Hill was a professor of urban education and American studies at Temple University. In the fall of 2009, Hill joined the faculty of Teachers College, Columbia University as an associate professor of education. They left Teachers College in 2014 to join the faculty at Morehouse College as Distinguished Professor of African American Studies. In May 2017, it was announced that they were re-joining the faculty of Temple University as the Steve Charles Professor of Media, Cities, and Solutions.
Hill worked as a political contributor for the Fox News Channel from 2007 until 2009, when they were fired. During this time, they appeared on The O'Reilly Factor, Huckabee, and Hannity. Prior to Fox, Hill was a commentator on CNN and MSNBC, as well as Court TV, where they were a weekly contributor to the Star Jones talk show. In August 2010, they replaced Ed Gordon as host of the syndicated television show Our World with Black Enterprise. In May 2012, they joined Huffington Post as a host of HuffPost Live. In January 2021, Hill was named as the host of UpFront on Al Jazeera English, as the permanent replacement for Mehdi Hasan. In March of the same year they were announced as anchor for Black News Tonight, a primetime show on the Black News Channel which would launch the following month.
Activism
Hill is a founding board member of My5th, a non-profit organization aiming to educate youth about their legal rights and responsibilities. In 2001, they started a literacy project that uses hip-hop culture to increase school engagement and reading skills among high-school students. They also organize and teaches adult literacy courses for high school dropouts in Philadelphia and Camden. Hill also works with the ACLU Drug Reform Project, focusing on drug informant policy. Hill was named one of America's top 30 black leaders under the age of 30 by Ebony magazine.
In addition, Hill works with African American and Latino youth. Hill publicly argued for the release of Genarlow Wilson and Shaquanda Cotton. In the Cotton case, Hill organized an internet letter writing campaign. Hill urged the public to write to District Attorney David McDade to express concerns about their desire to appeal the court's decision to void the sentence of Genarlow Wilson. In May 2013, an article by Hill for Ebony.com entitled "Why Aren't We Fighting for CeCe McDonald?" won the GLAAD Media Award for "Outstanding Digital Journalism Article."
On June 12, 2010, Hill alleged that while driving their car, they were unlawfully stopped by two Philadelphia police officers, one of whom was highly regarded at the time—Officer Richard DeCoatsworth. Hill, represented by their brother, attorney Leonard Hill, filed a civil lawsuit on October 12, 2010, against the City of Philadelphia and four police officers, including DeCoatsworth.
Hill expressed support for the Green Party in the 2016 US presidential election. Of candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, they stated: "I would rather have Trump be president for four years and build a real left-wing movement that can get us what we deserve as a people, than to let Hillary be president and we stay locked in the same space where we don't get what we want."
Controversy
U.N speech on Israel
On November 28, 2018, while speaking in a meeting at the UN marking the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People, Hill said: "We have an opportunity to not just offer solidarity in words but to commit to political action, grass-roots action, local action and international action that will give us what justice requires and that is a free Palestine from the river to the sea."
The Anti-Defamation League alleged that the phrase "river to the sea" is code, often used by Hamas, for the destruction of Israel.
In November 2018, Hill rejected this characterization, saying this was a "call for justice" referring to the existing borders of the Palestinian territories on the Mediterranean Sea (Gaza) and Jordan River (West Bank). Hill replied, "I support Palestinian freedom. I support Palestinian self-determination. I am deeply critical of Israeli policy and practice. I do not support anti-Semitism, killing Jewish people, or any of the other things attributed to my speech. I have spent my life fighting these things." They also said that the "river to the sea" phrase dates to the early 20th century and "has never been the exclusive province of a particular ideological camp", adding "[t]he idea that this is a Hamas phrase is simply untrue." On December 1, 2018, Hill said that "we must reject anti-Semitism in any form or fashion" and apologized "for the reception of my message". Hill wrote in The Philadelphia Inquirer: "justice will come through a single bi-national democratic state that encompasses Israel, the West Bank, and Gaza."
CNN firing
Following their comments about Israel before the U.N., Hill's contract with CNN was terminated by the network. This was confirmed on November 29, 2018, when a CNN spokesperson announced that "Marc Lamont Hill is no longer under contract with CNN."
The firing provoked strongly opposing opinions. The move was criticized by pro-Palestinian activists, who accused the network of caving to pressure from pro-Israeli groups. Aymann Ismail of Slate magazine said the decision set a "dangerous precedent" which was "another step toward recasting all speech about Israel's brutality as anti-Semitism". Glenn Greenwald remarked that Hill's firing "is a major defeat for the right to advocate for Palestinian rights, to freely critique the Israeli government, and for the ability of journalism and public discourse in the U.S. generally to accommodate dissent." Bentley Addison of The Forward argued that advocating for Palestine is not necessarily anti-Semitic but said that "The fact that Hill used the rhetoric of groups that are violently anti-Semitic is a real problem, and the fact that they seem to advocate violent resistance against Israel should give pause to every supporter of a peaceful outcome to the conflict."
The board of trustees of Temple University, Hill's employer, condemned Hill's words saying they included what "many regards as promoting violence", and in regards to the phrase "from the river to the sea" used by Hill, the trustees said that they are "widely perceived as language that threatens the existence of the State of Israel" that "has been used by anti-Israel terror groups". Furthermore, the trustees said that Hill's words were criticized as "virulent anti-Semitism" and "hate speech". However, as Hill was not representing the school and that as a "private individual is entitled to the same Constitutional protection of any other citizen, and that they have through subsequent statements expressly rejected anti-Semitism and anti-Semitic violence", the trustees decided not to dismiss nor discipline Hill.
Louis Farrakhan
After a meeting with Louis Farrakhan in 2016, Hill said on Instagram: "Been blessed to spend the last day with Minister Louis Farrakhan. An amazing time of learning, listening, laughing, and even head nodding to music. God is Great." The photograph of Hill with Louis Farrakhan, long accused of antisemitism, resurfaced in October 2018. Lamont Hill said at this time that although they disagreed with Farrakhan on some issues, "I will not allow that to be an excuse for allowing dishonest media or poorly intentioned observers to create unnecessary division" adding they would "not be told who to speak to, sit with, or engage." They said they were unaware the image was being used for commercial purposes by the Nation of Islam website and would ask for it to be removed as it was inconsistent with "my values and my professional standards". They said that they did now believe Farrakhan to be an antisemite and was utterly opposed to Farrakhan's then-recent comparison of Jews to termites.
Appearing on The Breakfast Club radio program in December 2018, Hill said that, while they do not agree with Farrakhan on all issues:For some reason, if you meet with Minister Farrakhan and you don't throw them away wholesale, then you're castigated in a way that doesn't happen with anybody else. Why is only one set of people untouchable? And why does every black leader have to ritually denounce Farrakhan in order to sustain a position? That doesn't happen to anyone else.
Books
Hill, Marc Lamont; Brewster, Todd (2022). Seen and Unseen: Technology, Social Media, and the Fight for Racial Justice. Atria Books.
Hill, Marc Lamont; Barat, Frank (Editor); Taylor, Keeanga-Yamahtta (2020). We Still Here: Pandemic, Policing, Protest, & Possibility. Haymarket Books.
References
External links
"CNN commentator calls for elimination of Israel, endorses violent Palestinian ‘resistance'", Washington Examiner
1978 births
Living people
African-American academics
African-American activists
African-American journalists
African-American television personalities
American anti-war activists
American male non-fiction writers
American political activists
American political commentators
American political writers
American social activists
American social commentators
American socialists
American television talk show hosts
American television writers
Al Jazeera people
CNN people
Fox News people
American male television writers
Screenwriters from New York (state)
Screenwriters from Pennsylvania
Teachers College, Columbia University faculty
Temple University alumni
Temple University faculty
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Writers from Philadelphia
African-American screenwriters
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Bolivian river dolphin (Inia geoffrensis boliviensis) is a subspecies of the freshwater Amazon river dolphin.
Taxonomy
Bolivian river dolphins were discovered by the Western world in 1832 by French researcher Alcide d'Orbigny. The Bolivian river dolphin was briefly thought to be a subspecies (as I. geoffrensis boliviensis) of the Amazonian river dolphin, Inia geoffrensis, but differences in body structure and the isolation of the Bolivian river dolphin led to it being classified as its own species in 2012. In a study conducted in 2015, it was also noted that any gene flow between I. geoffrensis (downstream) and I. boliviensis (upstream) would be a one way path flowing from upstream to downstream due to the Teotônio waterfall between them. Despite any gene flow, these populations would also remain morphologically different from each other due to the differences in the environment in which they reside. Differences in seasonal water depth and speed would result in morphologically different species. In terms of research that has been conducted or could be conducted, the population size for these freshwater dolphins is incredibly small, making large sample sizes for scientific studies hard to work with.
Species designation
Although older publications and some recent publications consider the I. g. boliviensis population as distinct species from Inia geoffrensis, much of the scientific community, including the IUCN, consider them to be a subspecies of Inia geoffrensis. Current classification, therefore, considers them a single species, Inia geoffrensis, in the genus Inia, with two recognized subspecies. As of 2016, the Committee on Taxonomy of the Society for Marine Mammalogy supports the designation of two subspecies. A recent study, with more comprehensive sampling of the Madeira system, including above and below the Teotonio Rapids (which were thought to obstruct gene flow), found that the Inia above the rapids did not possess unique mtDNA. As such the species level distinction once held was not supported by further sampling. Therefore, the Bolivian river dolphin is currently recognized as a subspecies.
In September 2012, Bolivian President Evo Morales enacted a law to protect the dolphin and declared it a national treasure.
French naturalist and palaeontologist Alcide Dessalines d'Orbigny explored South America from 1826 to 1833, including a stay in Bolivia from 1831 to 1833. They returned to France in 1834 and started to describe their scientific explorations, including the new Bolivian cetacean species "Inia boliviensis". In 1847, they and Paul Gervais compared it to "Delphinius geoffrensis" (=Amazon river dolphin, Inia geoffrensis), which had been described from a stuffed specimen in Lisbon, and the two were considered synonyms for more than a century. In 1973, however, a fresh study concluded that the specimens from Bolivia had more teeth than the specimens from elsewhere and that the rapids and water falls of the Madeira River acted as a barrier, effectively isolating the Bolivian population. The Bolivian river dolphin was therefore made a subspecies, Inia geoffrensis boliviensis. Morphological studies later in the 1970s added to the differences between the populations and the specific status Inia boliviensis was restored. There is, however, still no consensus on the taxonomic status of the Bolivian population (or that of the Orinoco River population, "I. g. humboldtiana").
Description
The Bolivian river dolphin, or Inia boliviensis, is one of four freshwater river dolphin species in South America. Locally known as bufeos, it is found in some rivers in the Upper Madeira Basin of the Bolivian Amazon. The Bolivian river dolphins are separated from the Amazonian River Dolphins by a series of rapids and falls. The pink river dolphin is the largest freshwater dolphin in the world. It can reach up to 2.8 meters long and weigh as much as 180 kg. Compared to its cousin, the Amazonian river dolphin (Inia geoffrensis), the Bolivian river dolphin has more teeth, a smaller skull, and a longer body.
Necropsies have shown the Bolivian river dolphin diet includes a variety of different species of fish, as well as crabs. In the necropsy of a juvenile dolphin, multiple different species of fish from at least 4 different families were found in its stomach contents. It is also worth noting that none of the species present in this particular juvenile's stomach were target species for fisheries.
The dolphins are difficult to observe in the murky river water. However, in April 2022, three ecologists published photographs of Bolivian river dolphins play with a large (presumably dead) Beni Anaconda snake.
Threats
The Amazon river dolphin, Inia geoffrensis, is classified as endangered by the IUCN Red List. The Bolivian river dolphin faces a multitude of threats. Overfishing, deforestation, and hydroelectric construction are all major factors in the current population decline. Fisheries also pose a threat to the dolphins, for fishermen might see the dolphins as competition for fish. Deceased dolphins have been noted to have wounds from nets, as well as cuts and mutilation most likely caused by humans. River dolphins are some of the most at-risk marine animals worldwide due to their limited habitats and threats from land.
Conservation
Since the construction of the 2 hydroelectric dams in the segment of river where Bolivian river dolphins are found in 2008, the movement of the river has been blocked into 2 reservoirs of about 300 and 350 km2. Each dam is equipped with mechanisms to promote fish transportation between the reservoirs to prevent the populations from being evolutionarily cut off, however, it is unlikely the Bolivian river dolphins will use these transports. The upstream and downstream populations of I. boliviensis have been cut off by the design of the transport, as they can sustain only short bursts of swimming through high velocity water, and the transports are shallow and narrow with high velocity water, providing an effective barrier between populations. The dams can also cause a change to the fish community structure, and therefore altering the diet of Bolivian river dolphins.
Conservation efforts to prevent further population decline of freshwater dolphins can begin with protecting areas from human influence. Limiting or removing boat traffic, creating better marine animal passageways through dams, and working with fisheries to live alongside wildlife instead of fighting against it are all important steps. Preserving habitats is important for species richness, genetic diversity, and ecosystem complexity.
Behavior
Bolivian river dolphins are elusive and difficult to observe, as they typically swim below the surface.
In August 2021, a research team observed two sexually aroused juvenile male dolphins near the Tijamuchi River playing with a Beni anaconda (Eunectes beniensis).
See also
List of cetacean species
References
River dolphins
Mammals of Bolivia
Mammals described in 1834
A dithiane is a heterocyclic compound composed of a cyclohexane core structure wherein two methylene bridges (-- units) are replaced by sulfur centres. The three isomeric parent heterocycles are 1,2-dithiane, 1,3-dithiane and 1,4-dithiane.
1,3-Dithianes
1,3-Dithianes are protecting group of some carbonyl-containing compounds due to their inertness to many conditions. They form by treatment of the carbonyl compound with 1,3-propanedithiol under conditions that remove water from the system. The protecting group can be removed with mercuric reagents, a process that exploits the high affinity of Hg(II) for thiolates. 1,3-Dithianes are also employed in umpolung reactions, such as the Corey–Seebach reaction:
Typically, in organic synthesis, ketones and aldehydes are protected as their dioxolanes instead of dithianes.
References
External links
Corey-Seebach Reaction
1,3-Dithianes, 1,3-Dithiolanes
Glorosia (foaled 4 March 1995) was a French-bred British-trained thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from July 1997 until September 1999 they won three times and was placed three times from eleven races. They were at their best as a two-year-old when they won on their debut, finished third in the May Hill Stakes and then recorded their biggest success in the Fillies' Mile at Ascot Racecourse. They struggled as a three-year-old and failed to win in three races. They remained in training at four and won one minor race from five attempts. After their retirement from racing they became a broodmare in Germany.
Background
Glorosia was a chestnut mare with a white blaze and three white socks bred in France by Alec Head. They were sired by Bering, who won the Prix du Jockey Club and finished second to Dancing Brave in the 1986 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. As a breeding stallion, the best of their offspring included Pennekamp, American Post, Peter Davies and Matiara (Poule d'Essai des Pouliches). Them dam Golden Sea, also bred by the Head family, won four minor races in France before being retired to broodmare duty. They were a distant descendant of the American broodmare Speed Boat, the female-line ancestor of Sword Dancer, Hail To All and Rachel Alexandra.
The filly entered the ownership of Robert Smith and was sent into training with Luca Cumani at Newmarket.
Racing career
1997: two-year-old season
Glorosia began their racing career in a maiden race over seven furlongs at Newmarket Racecourse on 18 July. Ridden as in all their races that year by Frankie Dettori they started at odds of 9/2 in field of eleven juvenile fillies. After leading for the first five furlongs they were overtaken by Particular Friend before rallying in the closing stages to regain the advantage and win by a neck.
After a break of almost two months, Glorosia was stepped up in class for the Group Three May Hill Stakes over one mile at Doncaster Racecourse on 11 September. Starting at odds of 100/30 they stayed on in the closing stages without looking likely to win and finished third behind the favourite Midnight Line and Flawless. Seventeen days later the filly was moved up in class again for the Group One Fillies' Mile at Ascot Racecourse and started 10/1 fourth choice in the betting behind the Henry Cecil-trained pair Jibe and Midnight Line and the Michael Stoute-trained Exclusive. Dettori tracked the leaders before sending the filly into the lead two furlongs out. The race behind the leader became rather rough, with both Jibe and Midnight Line meeting interference as they attempted to obtain a clear run. Glorosia however, kept on well and stayed on well to win by three quarters of length from Jibe, with two lengths back to Exclusive in third.
1998: three-year-old season
Gloriosa was slow to reach full fitness as a three-year-old and missed the early part of the 1998 season, making their first appearance of the year in the Prix de Malleret over 2400 metres at Longchamp Racecourse on 21 June. They led for most of the way, but was outpaced in the closing stages and finished third, six lengths behind the winner Another Dancer. Walter Swinburn took the ride when the filly was sent to Ireland for the Irish Oaks at the Curragh on 12 July. They started second favourite but after leading until the last quarter mile they dropped out of contention and finished fifth of the nine runners behind Winona. Gloriosa was then dropped in class and started odds-on favourite for a minor race at Chepstow Racecourse in September but was beaten four lengths by their only opponent Lady In Waiting.
In December, Glorosia was consigned to the Tattersalls sale and was bought for 650,000 guineas by Fiona Needham for German International Bloodtsock on behalf of Baron Georg von Ullmann.
1999: four-year-old season
Glorosia remained in training with Cumani as a four-year-old and began their season by finishing fourth in the Victress Stakes at Epsom in June. Later that month they started odds-on favourite against two opponents in a minor event at Windsor Racecourse and recorded their first victory since 1997 as they led from the start and won by eight lengths. Them three remaining races were all in Listed class. They finished fourth in the Steventon Stakes at Newbury in July, fifth in the Upavon Fillies' Stakes at Salisbury in August and ended their racing career by finishing fifth in the Strensall Stakes at York on 2 September.
Breeding record
Glorosia was retired from racing to become a broodmare for their owner Georg von Ullmann. They produced at least six foals and three winners between 2001 and 2009:
Gentle Tiger, a bay colt, foaled in 2001, sired by Tiger Hill. Won at least one Listed race.
Glorious Storm, chestnut colt, 2002, by Monsun. Failed to win in three races.
Glory Days, bay filly, 2003, by Tiger Hill. Failed to win in two races.
Ghizao, bay colt (later gelded), 2004, by Tiger Hill. Won six National Hunt races including the November Novices' Chase.
Glorybe, chestnut filly, 2006, by Monsun. Won two races.
Full Swing, brown colt, 2009, by Manduro. Failed to win in three races.
Pedigree
Glorosia was inbred 4 × 4 to Le Fabuleux, meaning that this stallion appears twice in the fourth generation of their pedigree.
References
1995 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in France
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 1-o
Clemens Herschel (March 23, 1842 – March 1, 1930) was an American hydraulic engineer. Their career extended from about 1860 to 1930, and they are best known for inventing the Venturi meter, which was the first large-scale, accurate device for measuring water flow. They developed this device while serving as director of the Holyoke Testing Flume, a turbine testing facility which they would redesign, which became the first modern hydraulics laboratory in the United States and the world.
Early life and education
Clemens was born in Vienna on March 23, 1842 to Samuel and Therese Hirschl (née Kohn). Their family immigrated to Davenport, Iowa in 1850. They spent most of their life practicing their profession in Massachusetts, New York and New Jersey. They attended Harvard University, where they received their bachelor of science degree in 1860 from the Lawrence Scientific School. After Harvard, they completed post-graduate studies in France and Germany.
Career
The first part of Herschel's career was devoted to bridge design, including the design of cast-iron bridges. For a time, they were employed on the sewerage system of Boston. Herschel was influenced by James B. Francis, who was the agent and engineer of the Proprietors of Locks and Canals on the Merrimack River at Lowell, Massachusetts, to switch their career path to hydraulic engineering. About 1880, they started working for the Holyoke Water Power Company in Massachusetts. They remained with the company until 1889. While they were there, Herschel designed the Holyoke Testing Flume, which has been said to mark the beginning of the scientific design of water-power wheels. Herschel first tested their Venturi meter concept in 1886 while working for the company, and by 1888 felt they had perfected it conceptually, ultimately naming it in honor of Giovanni Battista Venturi, the eminent Italian physicist who first described the differential pressure phenomenon in a 1797 treatise. The original purpose of the Venturi meter was to measure the amount of water used by the individual water mills in the Holyoke area.
Water supply development in northern New Jersey was an active area of investment in the late 19th century. In 1889, Herschel was hired as the manager and superintendent of the East Jersey Water Company, where they worked until 1900. They were responsible for the development of the Pequannock River water supply for Newark. They also installed two of their largest Venturi meters at Little Falls, New Jersey, on the main stem of the Rockaway River to serve Paterson, Clifton and Jersey City.
After 1900 and lasting until the end of their life, Herschel was a consulting hydraulic engineer with offices in New York City. They worked on some of the major water development projects in the world. They played a major part in the construction of the hydroelectric power plant at Niagara Falls, which was the first large-scale electric power plant. They were appointed to an expert committee that reviewed the plans for the first water tunnel that would deliver water from the Catskill reservoirs to New York City.
Personal life
Herschel's first wife, Grace Hobart, died in 1898. They had three children, Arthur, Winslow and Clementine. Herschel married Jeannette Begg Hunter of Thompsonville, Connecticut, on March 5, 1910. They had one son, Clemens Herschel Jr.
Professional associations
Herschel was active in several professional organizations including the American Water Works Association and the New England Water Works Association. They were a member of the Institution of Civil Engineers in London, and they were elected president of the American Society of Civil Engineers in 1916.
Honors and awards
Herschel was one of the first five inductees into the American Water Works Association Water Industry Hall of Fame. They were also made an honorary member of that organization. Herschel was awarded the Elliott Cresson medal in 1889 by the Franklin Institute for their development of the Venturi water meter.
In 1888, Herschel was presented with the Thomas Fitch Rowland Prize by the American Society of Civil Engineers. The Rowland Prize is awarded to an author whose paper describes in detail accomplished works of construction or which are valuable contributions to construction management and construction engineering. They were made an Honorary Member of ASCE in 1922.
The Clemens Herschel Prize was established at Harvard University in 1929. The award is given to meritorious students in practical hydraulics. Each year, the Boston Society of Civil Engineers Section presents the Clemens Herschel Award to authors "…who have published papers that have been useful, commendable, and worthy of grateful acknowledgment."
Publications
Perhaps Herschel's most well-known publication was not a strictly technical book. While traveling in Italy in 1898, they found a manuscript written by Sextus Julius Frontinus, who was the designer of the water supply system of ancient Rome. They translated the work into English and entitled it Frontinus and the Water Supply of the City of Rome. Other more recent translations have been done by scholars and Latin specialists, but Herschel's book brought the challenges and successes of the water commissioner for Rome to the notice of water professionals.
Some of their other publications include:
Herschel, Clemens (1897) 115 Experiments on the Carrying Capacity of Large, Riveted, Metal Conduits, up to Six Feet per Second of Velocity of Flow New York:Wiley
Herschel, Clemens (1898) Measuring Water Providence, RI:Builders Iron Foundry
Herschel, Clemens (1899) The Venturi Water Meter Reprinted from Cassier's Magazine
References
Further reading
External links
AWWA Water Industry Hall of Fame
#129 Holyoke Water Power System (1859)
1842 births
1930 deaths
Converts to Christianity from Judaism
Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences alumni
Engineers from Massachusetts
Engineers from New Jersey
Jewish American inventors
People from Glen Ridge, New Jersey
People from Holyoke, Massachusetts
Scientists from Vienna
Writers from Boston
Antaeotricha intersecta is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 24–25 mm. The forewings are ochreous-white with blackish markings and with three dorsal blotches, the first narrow, from near the base to near the middle, with a longitudinal streak from its apex to near the second, the second rhomboidal, reaching nearly half across the wing, the third transverse, narrowed downwards, reaching more than half across the wing. A fine line is found along the lower margin of the cell throughout, dilated into an elongated spot before the middle of the wing and a small spot at the extremity, nearly reaching the third dorsal blotch. There is also an irregular streak from the base of this to the disc at one-third close above it and an oblique spot from the costa at one-fifth, produced along the costal edge nearly to the base. An elongated spot is found towards the costa before the middle and a larger very oblique spot across the upper angle of the cell, as well as an irregular oblique streak from beneath the costa at three-fifths to near the upper posterior angle of the third dorsal blotch and an almost terminal fascia cut by fine lines on the veins, leaving the terminal edge white. The hindwings are grey, paler towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1916
intersecta
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
