Fire the Arquebusiers! is a role-playing game magazine that focussed on Dungeons & Dragons and other fantasy role-playing games.
Publication history
In the 1970s and 1980s, Greg Costikyan was an inveterate publisher of various fanzines focussed on different subjects. Fire the Arquebusiers! was their Dungeons & Dragons fanzine, which they started in November 1975.
Reviews
In the February 1976 edition of The Strategic Review (Issue #6), Gary Gygax lamented the poor print quality of the inaugural issue, saying it "was barely legible in spots." Gygax was rather impressed by the variety of articles, which ranged from "'Sex in D & D', new character types, a long article on spices and magic, and some other interesting items." Based on the first issue, Gygax thought the zine "seems to show potential", and on a scale of "Major Tragedy" to "Major Triumph", they rated it a Minor Triumph.
References
Role-playing game magazines
Aphareus may refer to:
Aphareus, name of multiple personages in Greek mythology
Aphareus (writer) (4th century BCE), Ancient Greek orator and tragedian
Aphareus (fish), a genus of fishes in the family Lutjanidae
Illorsuit Heliport is a heliport in Illorsuit, a village on an island of the same name in the Avannaata municipality in western Greenland. The heliport is considered a helistop, and is served by Air Greenland as part of government contract.
Airlines and destinations
Air Greenland operates government contract flights to villages in the Uummannaq Fjord region. These mostly cargo flights are not featured in the timetable, although they can be pre-booked. Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate, with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day.
References
Airports in the Arctic
Heliports in Greenland
Uummannaq Fjord
Vincent White may refer to:
Vincent White (politician) (1885–1958), Irish politician
Vincent White (footballer) (1897–1972), English footballer
Vincent White (American football) (born 1961), American football player
Conostylis is a genus of perennial herbs in the Haemodoraceae family, commonly known as cone flowers. All species are endemic to the south west of Western Australia.
Taxonomy
The genus is the most speciose of the Haemodoraceae family, and one of six genera which only occur in the Southwest Australia bioregion; they are closely related to the well known kangaroo paws, species of Anigozanthos and Macropidia.
Conostylis was described by Robert Brown, published in their Prodromus of Australian flora in 1810. No type species was provided by the author. The genus name Conostylis is derived from Ancient Greek terms for 'cone' and 'column, style', a reference to the conical shape of the style's tip.
Description
They have leathery, strap-like leaves which arise from the base of the plant, sometimes from underground rhizomes. Flowers which usually occur in clusters (sometimes singly) on stalks which emerge from the bases of the leaves. Individual flowers have a short stalk with and six tepals which are either cream, yellow, orange or purple. The tepals join to form a short tube at the base with six similar stamens attached at the top of the tube.
Diversity
The described species of Conostylis include:
Conostylis aculeata R.Br. Prickly conostylis
Conostylis albescens Hopper
Conostylis androstemma F.Muell. Trumpets
Conostylis angustifolia Hopper
Conostylis argentea (J.W.Green) Hopper
Conostylis aurea Lindl. Golden conostylis
Conostylis bealiana F.Muell.
Conostylis bracteata Lindl.
Conostylis breviscapa R.Br.
Conostylis candicans Endl. Grey cottonhead
Conostylis caricina Lindl.
Conostylis crassinerva J.W.Green
Conostylis deplexa J.W.Green
Conostylis dielsii W.Fitzg.
Conostylis drummondii Benth. Drummond's conostylis
Conostylis festucacea Endl.
Conostylis juncea Endl.
Conostylis laxiflora Benth.
Conostylis micrantha Hopper Small-flowered conostylis
Conostylis misera Endl. Grass conostylis
Conostylis neocymosa Hopper
Conostylis pauciflora Hopper Dawesville conostylis
Conostylis petrophiloides F.Muell. ex Benth.
Conostylis phathyrantha Diels
Conostylis prolifera Benth. Mat cottonheads
Conostylis pusilla Endl.
Conostylis resinosa Hopper
Conostylis robusta Diels
Conostylis seorsiflora F.Muell.
Conostylis serrulata R.Br.
Conostylis setigera R.Br. Bristly cottonhead
Conostylis setosa Lindl. White cottonhead
Conostylis stylidioides F.Muell.
Conostylis teretifolia J.W.Green
Conostylis teretiuscula F.Muell.
Conostylis vaginata Endl. Sheath conostylis
Conostylis villosa Benth.
Conostylis wonganensis Hopper Wongan conostylis
References
External links
Commelinales of Australia
Angiosperms of Western Australia
Commelinales genera
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Plants described in 1810
Endemic flora of Southwest Australia
Henkel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrea Henkel (born 1977), German biathlete
Caesar Carl Hans Henkel (1837–1913), German-born South African forester, cartographer, painter, soldier and botanist
Christoph Henkel (born 1958), German billionaire business person
Claudia Henkel (born 1983), South African beauty queen and model
Ernest Henkel (1873–1935), manager of the Metropolitan Opera
Friedrich Karl Henkel (1848–1930), German entrepreneur and company founder
Heike Henkel (born 1964), German former athlete
Heinrich Henkel (born 1896), German First World War flying ace
Henner Henkel (1915–1942), German tennis player
Herbert L. Henkel, CEO of Ingersoll Rand
Hugo Henkel (1881–1952), German business person and former CEO of German company Henkel
Joerg Henkel, German engineer
John Spurgeon Henkel (1871–1962), South African botanist and forester
Jost Henkel (1909–1961), German business person
Kim Henkel, American screenwriter, film director and producer
Kim Henkel, creator of ZTreeWin
Konrad Henkel (1915–1999), German business person
Manuela Henkel (born 1974), German cross-country skier
Rainer Henkel (born 1964), former freestyle swimmer
See also
Henckel von Donnersmarck, a Silesian noble family
Henckel-Rennen, a horse race in Germany
J. A. Henckels, a knife manufacturer in Germany
Henkle v. Gregory, a federal lawsuit that ended in a 2002 agreement
German-language surnames
Surnames from given names
Paul Olden (born 1954) is the current public address announcer for the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium. They have been the announcer since the Yankees moved to their new ballpark in 2009.
Early life and career
Born in Chicago, Olden moved with their family to Los Angeles as a child. They attended Dorsey High School and Los Angeles City College. Olden was formerly a radio and television play-by-play announcer for the Yankees, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, California Angels, Cleveland Indians, Philadelphia Eagles, UCLA Bruins, Los Angeles Rams, New York Jets, New Jersey Nets, and ESPN.
Olden was the target of Los Angeles Dodgers manager Tommy Lasorda's infamous and profanity laden "Dave Kingman tirade" in 1978, in which Lasorda ranted at Olden (who worked at Los Angeles radio station KLAC at the time) when they asked them about Kingman having hit three home runs against the Dodgers that day. They were also the PA announcer for 13 consecutive Super Bowls from 1993 to 2005.
New York Yankees
Olden replaced Jim Hall, the successor to Bob Sheppard, who had been the Yankees announcer since 1951.
References
1953 births
Living people
African-American sports journalists
California Angels announcers
Cleveland Indians announcers
College basketball announcers in the United States
College football announcers
Los Angeles City College alumni
Los Angeles Rams announcers
Major League Baseball broadcasters
Major League Baseball public address announcers
National Basketball Association broadcasters
National Football League announcers
National Basketball Association public address announcers
National Football League public address announcers
New Jersey Nets announcers
New York Jets announcers
New York Yankees announcers
New York Yankees personnel
Philadelphia Eagles announcers
Sportspeople from Los Angeles
Tampa Bay Rays announcers
Susan Miller Dorsey High School alumni
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Charles Townsend Copeland (April 27, 1860 – July 24, 1952) was a professor, poet, and writer.
They graduated from Harvard University and spent much of their time as a mentor at Harvard, where they served in several posts, including Boylston Professor of Rhetoric from 1925 to 1928. They also worked as a part-time theater critic. Known as "Copey" by many of their peers and admirers, they became known for their Harvard poetry readings in the 1930s. In their autobiography, The Story of My Life, Helen Keller paid high praise to Copeland as an instructor. They also taught at the Harvard Extension School.
References
Further reading
J. Donald Adams, Copey of Harvard: A Biography of Charles Townsend Copeland (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1960).
Billy Altman, Laughter's Gentle Soul: The Life of Robert Benchley. (New York City: W. W. Norton, 1997. ).
Encyclopædia Britannica: Charles Townsend Copeland.
External links
1860 births
1952 deaths
Harvard University faculty
Harvard University alumni
Harvard Extension School faculty
James Rushforth is a British photographer, mountaineer, climber, and travel writer, especially known for their guide book series on Iceland the Dolomites, as well as for their travel, nature, landscape, and extreme sport photographs, many of which have been recognized at the International Photography Award, the Siena International Photo Award, and the Px3 – Prix de la Photographie. Rushforth's photos have been displayed in national newspapers, travel magazines and other media.
Biography and education
Rushforth was born in Gravesend, Kent and raised in Worcester, where they attended Dyson Perrins and King's Schools. After completing their undergraduate degree at Durham University in 2007, they travelled to the Italian Dolomites where they began work on their first publication – a climbing and via ferrata guidebook for British publisher Rockfax. Documenting the Dolomites would ultimately lead to a career in travel writing, adventure sports and photography.
Career
Rushforth has gained significant professional merits as a photographer and also as a writer. Their Iceland photo-location guidebook series won the Travel/Photography categoriy of the Best Indie Book Awards (BIPA), whilst their book series on the Dolomites have been favored by several reviewers. Two of their publications were shortlisted as finalists for the Guidebook category at the Banff Mountain Book Festival in 2015 and 2017.
Rushforth was consecutively named in 2018, 2019, and 2020 as Photographer of the Year by the British Guild of Travel Writers. Rushforth has participated as an invited judge at photo contests, such as those by Viewbug and the Australian Society of Travel Writers. An extensive interview with the author was published in 2019.
Works
Books
Rushforth, James, (2014). The Dolomites – Rock Climbs and Via Ferrata. Rockfax Ltd. .
Rushforth, James, (2017). Photographing the Dolomites – A travel & photo-location guidebook. Fotovue Ltd.. .
Rushforth, James, (2017). Ski Touring And Snowshoeing In The Dolomites – 50 Winter Routes. Cicerone Press. .
Rushforth, James, (2018). Via Ferratas of the Italian Dolomites Volume 1. Cicerone Press. .
Rushforth, James, (2021). Photographing Iceland Volume 1 – A travel & photo-location guidebook. Fotovue Ltd. .
Rushforth, James, (2021). Photographing Iceland Volume 2 – Highlands & Interior. Fotovue Ltd. .
Notable photos
Several of Rushforth's images have been featured in newspapers including The Guardian, The Times, The Mirror, and The Telegraph, where they have twice been selected among the Pictures of the Day. In 2019 National Geographic included their "sailing image in Greenland" amongst their favourite out of 10 million.
Photos taken by Rushforth that have been honored at contests include:
The image Sunset at the Tre Cime was doubly awarded at the 2014/2015 Marmot Photography Award, the jury described the work as "technically impeccable, spot-on composition and exposure, and real depth".
Walking High in the Dolomites gained an Honorable mention at the 2016 Siena International Photo Awards (travel).
At the Lucie Awards (IPA), Honorable mentions were adjudicated to the pieces Mary's Shell by Night (Night Photography, 2016), Haifoss Sunset (Landscape, 2018), and Highlining in the Dolomites (Extreme Sport, 2018).
Making the exposed traverse on pitch 4 of ‘Via ‘Myriam' earned the author First place in the Digital Splash Photographer of the Year 2018 competition, simultaneously with first places in the sport and landscape categories.
Dreaming of Iceland received Silver Prize at the Tokyo Photo Awards, 2018.
Crater Row saw Rushforth awarded at the International Landscape Photographer of the Year in 2019, gained them second place in the drone category of the 2019 International Photo Awards, and won Drone Photographer 2020 at the British Photography Awards competition.
The image Not your regular crevasse has been repeatedly awarded with prizes, including the Marmot Photography Awards in 2018 (Winner of the Expedition Category), the Bronze prize in Nature/Earth at the PX3 – Prix de la Photographie in Paris, 2019, and the IPA Award 2018 (Special and Travel / Tourism category winners).
Comet Neowise over Stonehenge was the runner-up in the Historic Britain category of the Landscape Photographer of the Year, a finalist in the 2021 Astronomy Photographer of the Year and Sony World Photo Awards, and received a double gold at the 2021 Le Prix de la Photographie de Paris Awards (PX3), in both the travel and night categories.
A five image Dolomites portfolio won first place at the 2020 GTMA Global Travel Awards.
Their extreme sport themed storyboard "European adventurous travel” submitted to the Outdoor Writers & Photographers Guild led Rushforth to win the 2021 Photographer of the Year Award.
Exhibitions
Rushforth's work has been exhibited at the London National Maritime Museum, London Bridge and several other London Underground stations.
References
Living people
British photographers
Travel photographers
Landscape photographers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Immo Stabreit (born 24 January 1933 Rathenow, Province of Brandenburg, Germany) is a German diplomat, and was West German and German Ambassador to South Africa from 1987 to 1992, Ambassador to the United States from 1992 to 1995 and Ambassador to France from 1995 to 1998.  They are a Member of the Advisory Board of the Global Panel Foundation, a respected NGO that works behind the scenes in crisis areas around the world.
Life
They grew up in Berlin. They graduated from Princeton University, with a bachelor's degree (BA) in 1953, and studied law Free University of Berlin and Ruprecht Karls University of Heidelberg, with a Ph.D. in 1963.
From 1964 to 1966, they were First Secretary at the Foreign Office in Bonn.
They were First Secretary Department of the Soviet Union from 1966 to 1973.
They served as Deputy Head of the Soviet Union office in Bonn, from 1974 to 1975. They studied at the Advanced Study Program at Harvard University.
They served in the International Energy Agency in Paris, until 1978.
In 1983, they became Head of Department for Foreign Affairs
They were ambassador to South Africa, from 1987 to 1992.
They were ambassador in Paris, from 1995 to 1998.
They retired in 2002.
Works
Die Revision multilateraler völkerrechtlicher Verträge durch eine begrenzte Anzahl der Vertragsparteien, 223 S. 1964.
"Die EPZ als Faktor der internationalen Politik. Entstehung, Funktionsweise, Perspektive", in: Elemente des Wandels in der westlichen Welt, Hrsg. Coulmas, P. 1979, S. 287-298.
"Die Ergebnisse der KIWZ im Energiebereich", (Konferenz über internationale wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit, KIWZ)
with Benno Zündorf: Die Ostverträge. Die Verträge von Moskau, Warschau, Prag, das Berlin-Abkommen und die Verträge mit der DDR, München 1979.
"Yugoslav Breakup: Don't Blame Germany", The Washington Post 29. June 1993
References
External links
http://www.c-spanvideo.org/immostabreit
1933 births
Living people
People from Rathenow
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Ambassadors of Germany to the United States
Ambassadors of Germany to France
Ambassadors of Germany to South Africa
Jaka Sembung (also titled The Warrior for international distribution) is a 1981 Indonesian fantasy martial arts film, based on a character of the same name on a comic book by Djair.
Directed by Sisworo Gautama, one of the best-known Indonesian action directors, Jaka Sembung has established its position as a classic Indonesian action movie. Main roles are played by Barry Prima (the title role), Dicky Zulkarnaen (Commander Van Schram), Eva Arnaz (Surti), and Indo actor Dana Christina (Maria van Schram).
Jaka Sembung has many sequels, such as Si Buta Lawan Jaka Sembung (The Warrior Against Blind Swordsman) (1983), Bajing Ireng Dan Jaka Sembung (Jaka Sembung vs the Ninja) (1985), Jaka Sembung Dan Bergola Ijo (1987), and Jaka Sembung Dan Dewi Samudra (1990).
Synopsis
The story is about local warrior-freedom fighter Parmin (nicknamed Jaka Sembung) who fights against Dutch colonial army in West Java in the 19th century. During their struggle, they have to face hired warriors and pagan magician Kobar (S. Parya) who are Dutch operatives with supernatural powers.
The final showdown is between Jaka Sembung and Ki Hitam (W.D. Mochtar), a warrior with magical power – their organs (hands, feet, head, etc.) may be cut off their body, but as long as it touches the ground, the organs will return. Only by their wit and skills Jaka Sembung can finally defeat this deadly enemy.
External links
1981 films
1980s adventure films
1980s action films
1980s Indonesian-language films
Films shot in Indonesia
Indonesian action films
Indonesian martial arts films
1981 martial arts films
Films directed by Sisworo Gautama Putra
Phtheochroa loricata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Puebla, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1984
Phtheochroa
The Ohio Bobcats men's ice hockey team is a college ice hockey program that represents the Ohio University. The team competes at the American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA) Division I and 2 levels as a member of the Central States Collegiate Hockey League (CSCHL).
Ohio University has 2 teams in the ACHA Divisions 1 and 2.
History
Ohio was one of four founding members of the CCHA along with Bowling Green, Ohio State and Saint Louis. The Bobcats played in the CCHA for two seasons but finished dead-last both years. Ohio won only a single conference game in either season and after the 1972–73 season both Ohio and Ohio State left the CCHA. While the Buckeyes kept their team at the varsity level the Bobcats dropped their team back to club status where they have remained as of 2019.
Season-by-Season Results
* Winning percentage is used when conference schedules are unbalanced.
Footnotes
References
Hopkinton High School is a public, co-educational secondary school located in Hopkinton, New Hampshire. In 2014, 2015, and 2016 it was ranked 1st among New Hampshire's public schools by US News. Hopkinton High School has also been awarded a national silver medal and is ranked nationally #972 of the 21,000 public schools in the US.
Notable alumni
Tina Satter, New York City-based playwright and director
References
External links
Hopkinton High School website
Schools in Merrimack County, New Hampshire
Public high schools in New Hampshire
Hopkinton, New Hampshire
Every Soul Is a Circus is a comedic ballet choreographed by Martha Graham. The dance premiered on December 27, 1939, at the St. James Theatre in New York City. The original score was composed by Paul Nordoff. Philip Stapp created the set. Edythe Gilfond designed the costumes. The production marked the first appearance of Merce Cunningham with the Martha Graham Dance Company.
The troupe still performs the work on occasion. It was last reprised for the 85th anniversary season in 2012.
Title and theme
The title Every Soul Is a Circus is borrowed from a Vachel Lindsay poem:
Every soul is a circus
Every mind is a tent
Every heart is a sawdust ring
Where the circling race is spent.
The ballet's theme is Everywoman's inner desire to be the center of attention and the ridiculous lengths to which they will go to attain that end. As Empress of the Arena, the lead female dancer imagines themselves as the star of every act. In a vignette with the Ringmaster and Acrobat, they are the apex of a love triangle. In another scene, they perform a romantic duet as the Ringmaster's beloved. But after taking their "star turn," they are ultimately humiliated by the Ringmaster. The lone spectator, the empress' alter-ego, watches as the frenzy of the circus performance builds. The empress' movements and demeanor progress from childlike too flirtatious to addle.  They are finally overcome with confusion, their actions becoming ever more undignified and absurd.
Initial reception
When the ballet debuted, many audiences and critics were astonished to see Graham's wry, witty side. Most of their dances were so serious, they had been dubbed "Mirthless Martha" by their musical director Louis Horst. Reviewers described their performance in Every Soul is a Circus as "poignant clowning" having a "warmth of personality", "frank and funny" and "belly-laugh provoking."
Original cast
The original cast comprised the following nine performers:
Martha Graham as the Empress of the Arena
Erick Hawkins as the Ringmaster
Merce Cunningham as the Acrobat
Jean Erdman as the Ideal Spectator
Nellie Fisher as the First Arenic Performer
Sophie Maslow, Ethel Butler, Marjorie Mazia, Frieda Flier as Other Arenic Performers
Structure
The dance is approximately 30-minutes long. The action takes place in 12 sequences. The original performers for each section were:
Prologue: Empress of the Arena - Martha Graham
The Ringmaster - Erick Hawkins
Parade - Nellie Fisher, Sophie Maslow, Ethel Butler, Marjorie Mazia, Frieda Flier
Training Ring - Martha Graham, Erick Hawkins
Entrance of the Spectator - Jean Erdman
The Show Begins: Star Turn - Martha Graham
Garland Entry - Sophie Maslow, Frieda Flier, Ethel Butler, Marjorie Mazia, Merce Cunningham
Arenic World 1. Triangle - Martha Graham, Erick Hawkins, Merce Cunningham
Poses and Plastiques - Nellie Fisher, Frieda Flier, Marjorie Mazia, Ethel Butler, Merce Cunningham
Arenic World 2. Duet - Martha Graham and Erick Hawkins
Aerial Interlude - Nellie Fisher, Frieda Flier, Marjorie Mazia, Ethel Butler, Merce Cunningham
Finale - Entire Company
References
External links
Every Soul Is a Circus (excerpt), Katherine Crockett as Empress of the Arena
Ballets by Martha Graham
1939 ballet premieres
Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes Arabic letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages, including languages of Pakistan and Africa, and old Persian.
Block
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Arabic Supplement block:
References
Unicode blocks
Holst Peak () is a rocky pyramidal peak, rising to about , midway between the south end of the Walton Mountains and the LeMay Range in the central part of Alexander Island, Antarctica. It was first mapped by D. Searle of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1960 from air photos obtained by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947–48, and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Gustav Holst, the English composer.
See also
Mussorgsky Peaks
Khufu Peak
Oberon Peak
References
Mountains of Alexander Island
The 1991–92 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 83rd season. The season saw the Canadiens won the Adams Division and make it to the second round of the playoffs, losing to the Boston Bruins in the Adams Division final. After the sweep, head coach Pat Burns resigned.
Pre-season
The Canadiens changed their personnel in the off-season. Andrew Cassels, Tom Chorske, Stephane Richer and Ryan Walter were traded. The Canadiens picked up Kirk Muller and Roland Melanson.
Regular season
The team started well, losing just three times in October. At New Year's, the team led the league overall standings with 54 points. In February, the Canadiens reacquired Chris Nilan three years after they left Montreal. In the last 17 games of their NHL career, the veteran enforcer adds 74 penalty minutes to raise their overall total with the Canadiens to 2,248 minutes, the most in team history. In March, the team traded Petr Svoboda to Buffalo in return for Kevin Haller.
March was dismal for the team, winning only four of 11 games. On April 1, the league's players went on a ten-day strike. The regular season resumed and the Canadiens continued to struggle, slipping to fifth-place overall, but finished first in the Adams Division. The team played well defensively, winning the William M. Jennings Trophy, Patrick Roy winning the Vezina Trophy and Guy Carbonneau winning the Frank J. Selke Trophy and finished +60 in goals.
The Canadiens finished first in the NHL in goaltending, allowing only 207 goals. Furthermore, they tied the Winnipeg Jets for most shutouts, with 7, and they tied the New York Rangers and Washington Capitals for fewest power-play goals allowed, with just 60. The Canadiens were the most disciplined team during the regular season, being short-handed only 320 times. Although the Canadiens scored the fewest short-handed goals during the regular season (4), they tied the Toronto Maple Leafs for the fewest short-handed goals allowed (5).
Final standings
Schedule and results
Playoffs
The Canadiens placed first in the division, and played the fourth-place Whalers in the first round. The Canadiens won the series 4–3 to advance to the second round. In the second round, the Bruins defeated the Canadiens 4–0 to eliminate the Canadiens. Coach Pat Burns, who was increasingly criticized in the media, resigned after the season.
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Playoffs
Scoring
Goaltending
Awards and records
Patrick Roy, Vezina Trophy, William M. Jennings Trophy
Guy Carbonneau, Frank J. Selke Trophy
Transactions
Draft picks
Farm teams
See also
1991–92 NHL season
1991 NHL Entry Draft
1992 Stanley Cup playoffs
1992 NHL All-Star Game
References
Canadiens on Hockey Database
Canadiens on NHL Reference
Notes
Montreal Canadiens seasons
Montreal Canadiens season, 1991-92
Montreal
Adams Division champion seasons
Prof Sutherland Simpson FRSE (3 February 1863 – 2 March 1926) was a Scottish physician who emigrated to the United States to become Professor of Physiology at Cornell University.
Life
They were born at Saraquoy on the island of Flotta in the Orkney Isles on 3 February 1863, the eldest son of Margaret (née Taylor) and Sutherland Simpson.
They went to a school on the island run by the Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge. They worked on their father's croft and aimed to be master of a sailing ship so studied navigation under a teacher on the island, John Brown Gorrie.
Around 1881 they went to Leith near Edinburgh seeking work on a ship but, failing in this took a position as a laboratory assistant in the Physiology Department at the University of Edinburgh under Professor William Rutherford. They took seven years of evening classes to gain a general degree then became eligible to study medicine at the University. They graduated from MB ChB in 1899, aged 36. In the same year Rutherford died and was replaced by Professor Edward Albert Sharpey-Schafer. They continued as their lab assistant gaining their first doctorate (MD) in 1901 and second (DSc) in 1903.
From 1902 they lectured in Experimental Physiology at the University of Edinburgh. In 1908 Sharpey-Schafer was invited to Cornell University and asked to recommend a Professor of Physiology and Biochemistry. They recommended Simpson changing their lives forever and Simpson began later that year.
In 1911 they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. Their proposers were Sir Edward Albert Sharpey-Schafer, Sir William Turner, William Cramer and George Chrystal.
They died at Cajuga Heights in Ithaca on 3 March 1926. Their brain is on display at Cornell as part of the Wilder Brain Collection.
Family
They were married twice: firstly to Margaret Drever, secondly to Catherine Anderson.
They had three children: Sutherland, Ethel and Ralph.
Artistic Recognition
They were portrayed by Norwegian artist Christian Midjo.
References
1863 births
1926 deaths
People from Orkney
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish physiologists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Cornell University faculty
Over Tissa () is a 1958 Soviet thriller film directed by Dmitri Vasilyev and based on the eponymous book by Alexander Avdeenko. The picture was the box-office leader of the year 1958 in the USSR, it was seen by 45 million viewers.
Plot
The film takes place in the year 1951. A young demobilized sergeant from Berlin is en route, war hero Ivan Belogray. Fellow traveler, head of the timber rafting bureau Dzyuba finds out from Belogray that their parents died in the war and that after the war they corresponded with a girl from Transcarpathia, Theresa Simak, and decided to demobilize and go to this girl to later marry them The travelers exit at a station and board a truck. On the way Belogray asks the driver to stop at the monument to Soviet soldiers who died during the liberation of Transcarpathia. Driver Skiban sneaks up on Belogray from behind and inflicts a mortal blow. Taking off Belogray's military uniform, picking up their documents and covering up the body with stones, the criminal hides.
A little later the enemy agent illegally penetrates the territory of USSR with the task to blow up the railway bridge across the river Tisza (in the film - Tissa), close to the village where Ivan was going. The saboteur impersonates themselves as Belogray and stays at Theresa's. Border guards detain the offender who transported the false Belogray through the border, but the detainee dies, as the saboteur had fed them poisoned brandy. "Belogray" comes into contact with the local resident Dzyuba and passes Skiban a camera disguised as a cigarette case with orders to take pictures of the approaches to the bridge. When doing this they are noticed by the supervisor frontier Andrei Smolyarchuk who shares their suspicions with the captain. By chance the supervisor meets with Skiban, asks them for a cigarette and in a supposed accident drops their cigarette case down the slope. However the inspection of the cigarette case does not prove successful. Skiban manages to convey the hidden camera-cigarette to the saboteur. However Skiban falls under suspicion, since it was their car which came back late in the evening, when the broadcast of the saboteur was detected. Dzyuba decides to get rid of Skiban, but the driver themselves kills the resident although they do not have time to get away from the guards.
Hopelessly in love with Theresa, Andrei talks to "Belogray" and begins to suspect that they do not love them and is not who they claim to be. They tell about their suspicions to the captain, the general decides to arrest the false Belogray. Teresa's mother receives a letter from Berlin with a newspaper containing an article about Belogray and sees photos in the newspaper depicting a completely different person. Theresa goes to the frontier, but their mother does not manage to hide from returned "Belogray" what happened - they wound the future mother-in-law and goes into hiding. Border guards detain the saboteur, the locals find the real Belogray's body at the pass and bury them near fallen comrades. Smolyarchuk decides to stay to re-enlist.
Cast
Valentin Zubkov – "Ivan Belogray", aka Clark, enemy saboteur
Athanasius Kochetkov – Andrei Ivanovich Smolyarchuk, supervisor of the border troops
Tatyana Konyukhova – Theresa Simak
Nina Nikitina – Maria Vasilyevna Simak, Theresa's mother
Andrey Yanovich Goncharov – Shaposhnikov, captain of the border troops
Alexander Khvylya – Gromada, general of the border guards
Dmitry Dubov – Zubavin, Major of the border guards
Leonid Chubarov – Voloshenko, border guard
Victor Solomatin – Stepanov, border guard
Vladimir Gusev – the real Ivan Fedorovich Belogray
Stepan Kayukov – Stefan Dzyuba Yanovich, enemy resident
Nikolai Kryuchkov – Mikhail Skiban, driver of the timber industry, the saboteur
Konstantin Starostin – Grab, saboteur
Production
Vladimir Vysotsky tried out for the film "Over Tissa" but they failed to get a part in the picture, it was their first film audition.
External links
References
Mosfilm films
Soviet crime drama films
1958 crime drama films
1958 films
1950s thriller drama films
1950s crime thriller films
Hagbard and Signe (Signy) (the Viking Age) or Habor and Sign(h)ild (the Middle Ages and later) were a pair of lovers in Scandinavian mythology and folklore whose legend was widely popular. The heroes' connections with other legendary characters place the events in the 5th century AD. Hagbard and their brother Haki were famous sea-kings (see Haki for their battles over the throne of Sweden). Like the name Hagbard (Hagbarðr), the legend is believed to have continental Germanic origins.
Storyline
During the centuries of popularity the story changed. This is the most comprehensive version from Gesta Danorum (book 7).
Hagbard was the son of Haamund while Signy was the daughter of Sigar. Once, when Hagbard and their brothers were pillaging, they started to fight with Signy's brothers. The battle was even and they finally decided to have peace. Hagbard followed Signy's brothers and managed to be alone with Signy in secret. They promised them their love, in spite of being more interested in Haki, the more famous brother.
When a German nobleman proposed to Signy, it became apparent that they were more interested in Hagbard. The German, then, started intriguing and created an animosity between the two groups of brothers. There was a battle and Hagbard's brothers were killed, after which honour obliged Hagbard to slay Signy's brothers and the German suitor.
In order to meet Signy, Hagbard dressed up as a woman and claimed to be their brother Haki's shieldmaiden. Haki had not been involved in the battles with Signy's brothers, and they were the one whom Signy really had wanted. Hagbard, however, trusted in Signy's promise to him.
Since they were dressed as a woman, Hagbard was offered to sleep among Signy's handmaidens. When the handmaidens washed their legs, they asked them why they were so furry and why their hands were so calloused. Because of this, they invented a clever verse to explain their strange appearance. Signy, however, understanding that it was Hagbard who had come to see her, explained to the maidens that their verse was truthful.
During the night, they exchanged promises of eternal love and faithfulness. These promises filled Hagbard with such pleasure that they did not fear meeting their father and brothers if they were discovered leaving their chamber.
Hagbard was deceived by the handmaidens and they were arrested by Sigar's men. They defended themselves well and slew many of the men. They are, however, defeated and taken to the thing, where the people had different opinions. Some claimed that they should be killed, whereas others claimed that it would be a shame to lose such a brave warrior. It was decided that the king's honour had to be protected and Hagbard killed.
The gallows were constructed, while the queen gave them a drink to quench their thirst. They mocked him, but Hagbard answered, "I will drink a last toast, and I take the horn of death with the same hand as with the one I sent your two sons to the goddess Hel. I will not die without revenge". Then, they threw the horn onto their head so that the mead ran over them face.
During this time, Signy was amongst their crying maidens, asking them if they were willing to follow them wherever they would go. Crying, they told them that they would die with the only man they had embraced in life. Then they asked them to set their chamber on fire as soon as the watchman signalled the execution. They all vowed to die with them
Hagbard was brought to a hill, which is named after him, to be hanged. In order to test their fiancée's fidelity, they asked the hangmen to first hang their coat. They explained that it would please them to get an impression of how they would look when dead.
Their last wish was granted, and the watchman, who thought it was Hagbard who was hanging, signalled so to the maidens who were gathered around Signy in the hill fort. The maidens set the house on fire and hanged themselves in the flames.
When Hagbard saw that the king's hill fort was aflame, they felt more joy about their loved one's faithfulness than sorrow about their own impending death. They exclaimed poetically their happiness, whereupon they were immediately hanged.
Folk songs
The song of Habor and Signhild (TSB D 430) was very popular and it was sung all over Scandinavia for centuries. It has also been subjected to scholarly analysis in many ways. It has been claimed that it was sung as early as the 13th century, and in Sweden it exists in many versions ranging from handwritten ditties from the early 17th century to eighteen chapbooks from the period 1638–1839. In the 17th century, it seems to have been Sweden's most popular folk song. There were also many versions in Denmark and Norway.
The folk song is still known among non-scholars.
Locations
The Danes claimed very early that the name "Sigari oppidum" (Sigar's hill fort) referred to the Swedish Sigerstad in Halland between Halmstad and Falkenberg, where there are many monuments about the legend, such as Hagbard's gallows, Hagbard's stones, Siger's hill, Signy's chamber, Signy's well and Hagbard's mound. These monuments are all mentioned in Tuneld, Geografie Ofver Konungariket Swerige (1793).
A second Dane wrote in 1779 that the most likely location was in Blekinge, where there are a Hagbard's oak and a Signy's chamber. There is also a location in Nerike named Segersjö (Sigar's lake) which has two cairns called Hagbard's cairn and Signy's cairn. There are also locations in Norway.
Laurentius Petri wrote in the Svenska Krönikan (Swedish chronicle) in 1559 that there were many traditions about Habardh and Signill. According to the songs, Hagbard was not Swedish, but the son of a Norwegian king, and Signy was a Swedish princess. The songs also related that Hagbard was hanged not far from Sigtuna in Uppland, where there was a plain called Hagbard's plain in Håtuna Parish.
This placed the events in Old Sigtuna, a version that Johannes Messenius wanted to confirm in Sveopentaprotopolis (1611). They argued that the names in the area of Old Sigtuna contradicted the Danish claims of a Danish location. Later in Scondia illustrata, they contradicted their claims and said that Signill was rather a Danish princess and Habor a Norwegian. However, in 1612, they reasserted that Signy was a Swedish princess, in Old Sigtuna.
In 1678, Old Sigtuna was renamed Sighildsberg in honour of Signy. The interest continued unabated for centuries.
Notes
References
Landnámabók
Johannes Magnus
Völsunga saga
A Swedish article
Book 7 of Gesta Danorum at the Medieval and Classical Literature Library
Heroes in Norse myths and legends
Völsung cycle
Francis George Broadbent (1909, Fulham, London – 13 January 1983, Wandsworth, London) was a 20th-century English architect known for their work in designing churches and schools for the Roman Catholic Church.
Career
Broadbent was a partner in the architectural firm Goodhart-Rendel Broadbent & Curtis in the 1950s and 1960s and took over the practice when Harry Stuart Goodhart-Rendel died. Subsequently, they became senior partner in Broadbent Hastings Reid & New, retiring in 1980.
Works
Broadbent completed the restoration work on Prinknash Abbey, which had been started by Goodhart-Rendel in 1939. They also restored Tyburn convent (1962). They worked, from 1959 to 1960, with Goodhart-Rendel on the design and construction of St Martin and St Ninian Catholic Church in Whithorn, Wigtownshire, Scotland.
The churches they designed include:
Our Lady Queen of Peace Church, Richmond, London (1953–54)
The Church of the Holy Name, Esher (1960)
St Ann's, Kingston Hill (1960)
St Thomas More, Knebworth (1961)
The Holy Name, Claygate (1961)
St John Fisher, Cannon Hill Lane, Merton (1962)
St John the Evangelist, Tadworth (1966)
The Holy Spirit, Fetcham
St Pius X, New Malden
St Theodore, Cranbrook
Our Lady of Dover, Buckland (1960s)
Personal life
Broadbent lived at 71 Christchurch Road, East Sheen.
Death and legacy
Broadbent died on 13 January 1983, aged 73.
Their correspondence with Harry Stuart Goodhart-Rendel from 1941 to 1959 is held by the Royal Institute of British Architects in its Archives and Drawings Collection.
References
1909 births
1983 deaths
20th-century English architects
Architects from London
Architects of Roman Catholic churches
People from East Sheen
People from Fulham
People from Wandsworth
The Talapty Settlement is located in the western part of the Zhetysu (Dzungar) Alatau, the valley of the Koksu River, and the right bank from the gorge number 8 to the gorge number 10.
The Talapty Settlement is an ancient city of the 4th century BC. The Talapty Settlement discovered in 1982, and three years later, the excavations began under the guidance of doctor of historical Sciences, Professor A. N. Maryashev.
Conditions of formation
The settlement of the Koksu valley began in the 4th century BC according to the number of archaeological sites of Zhetysu (Dzungar) Alatau and its spurs. The main part of the valley developed later, at the turn of the late II-early I Millennium BC. Life continued here in the early Iron Age, in the Middle Ages and in modern times. Petroglyphs also belong to the periods of settlement. Traces of various civilizations embodied in the rock art that is widely represented in this region. Archaeologists continue to find many artifacts today.
On the surface of the ancient city, there found stone layouts that had a rectangular shape. Later, the remains of grain grinders and stone pestles collected. Most of the village washed away by the river, but the remaining land was paved with several stone half- earthen houses and one house, which measured 16 by 18 m, and had a depth of 1 m. The entrance to the house shaped like a letter "G". There is a hearth of the rectangular shape, a size of 2.4 x 2.2 m. Pits dug from the rectangular hearth to the East. Presumably, one of the pits was a storage (storage place) and evenly lined with stones. Another of the pits filled with animal bones and the remains of broken dishes that were garbage. Along the Northern wall there was a large stone walls with a length of 15 m and a width of 1.6 m. On the territory of the settlement found stone pestles, pieces of copper ore, bone arrowheads leaf-shaped, veneers, tubes, bone punctures, polished stones with grooves for tying the rope. To catch animals, they used a bolas (a rope weighted with stones) that tied the animal's legs. At the entrance to the dwelling, many other household items found on the floor: knife plates, hoes, sharpeners and stone knives.
References
1. Марьяшев Памятники археологии Семиречья и их использование в экскурсиях – Алматы, 2002.
2. А.П. Горбунов Горы Центральной Азии. Толковый словарь географических названий и терминов - Алматы, 2006.
3. Сайт туризма Алматинской области
4. Поселение Талапты
Archaeological sites in Kazakhstan
KLAD-FM (92.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Klamath Falls, Oregon, United States. The station, established in 1974, is currently owned by Basin Mediactive, LLC.
Programming
KLAD-FM broadcasts a country music format. Syndicated programs include The Big Time with Whitney Allen.
History
This station began regular operations on July 19, 1974, broadcasting with 27,000 watts of effective radiated power on a frequency of 92.5 MHz.
The station, launched as a sister station to KLAD (960 AM), was assigned the call sign KLAD-FM by the Federal Communications Commission. KLAD-FM was owned by 960 Radio, Inc., and led by Cyrus L. Smith as company president and general manager with August O. Crandall serving as both program director and music director.
During the day, KLAD-FM operated as a simulcast of KLAD, airing a country & western music mix. By 1978 KLAD-FM had changed its call sign to KJSN but it continued the simulcast.
In February 1986, 960 Radio, Inc., reached an agreement to sell KJSN to Lost River Broadcasting, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on March 25, 1986, but the transaction was never consummated and control of KLAD remained with 960 Radio, Inc. The station was reassigned the call sign KLAD-FM by the FCC on December 25, 1996. One week later, AM sister station KLAD dropped that long-held callsign for KLKL.
In March 1988, 960 Radio, Inc., reached a new agreement to sell this station, this time, to Todd Communications, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on May 11, 1988, and the transaction was consummated on May 13, 1988. Just under two years later, in February 1990, Todd Communications, Inc., contracted to sell this station to B&B Broadcasting, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on April 18, 1990, and the transaction was consummated on June 1, 1990.
In August 1998, B&B Broadcasting, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to New Northwest Broadcasters, Inc., as part of a six-station deal valued at $7.9 million. The deal was approved by the FCC on October 20, 1998, and the transaction was consummated on December 10, 1998.
In May 2011, New Northwest Broadcast, LLC, reached an agreement to sell KLAD-FM and four other radio stations to Basin Mediactive, LLC.
References
External links
KLAD-FM official website
LAD-FM
Country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1974
Klamath Falls, Oregon
1974 establishments in Oregon
Our Zoo is a British drama television series from BBC One, first broadcast on 3 September 2014. The six-part series, written by Matt Charman and directed by Andy De Emmony, is about George Mottershead, their dreams of creating a cage-free zoo, their family and how their lives changed when they embarked on the creation of Chester Zoo.
Cast
Lee Ingleby as George Mottershead
Liz White as Lizzie Mottershead
Anne Reid as Lucy Mottershead
Peter Wight as Albert Mottershead
Ralf Little as Billy Atkinson
Sophia Myles as Lady Katherine Longmore
Stephen Campbell Moore as Reverend Aaron Webb
Amelia Clarkson as Muriel Mottershead
Honor Kneafsey as June Mottershead
Production
Our Zoo was commissioned by Danny Cohen and Ben Stephenson for BBC One. The series was based on an idea introduced to Big Talk Productions by Aenon, the production company headed by Adam Kemp. Filming took place in Liverpool, as well as at Walton Hall in Warrington and at Abney Hall in Cheadle. When BBC said there would be no second series of Our Zoo, many fans were left surprised by the decision. On 10 December 2014 the Chester Chronicle created an online petition in the hopes of renewing the show for another series, and by the next day more than 1000 fans had signed it. In spite of these efforts, however, the BBC reiterated that they would not be producing a second series.
Episode list
References
External links
2014 British television series debuts
2014 British television series endings
Television series set in the 1930s
BBC television dramas
2010s British drama television series
Television shows set in Cheshire
2010s British television miniseries
English-language television shows
Zoos
Tilen Kodrin (born 14 May 1994) is a Slovenian handball player who plays for VfL Gummersbach and the Slovenian national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Slovenian male handball players
Sportspeople from Celje
Expatriate handball players
Slovenian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Handball-Bundesliga players
Mediterranean Games competitors for Slovenia
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Sylvain Caudron (born 10 September 1969) is a French racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
French male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of France
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Strange Familiar is an American pop rock band from Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. The group was originally formed in 2006 by the husband and wife singer-songwriter team Jeff Andrea and Kira Leyden, former members of the popular Akron, OH band Jaded Era. Their first single, "Courage Is...", gained them significant attention after it was heavily promoted on ABC Family to launch a brand-new series. In 2012, the band was featured on mtvU, Season 3 of the hit series The Vampire Diaries and Pretty Little Liars. Other members include fellow Ohio natives Frank Freeman (bass) and Nicholas Sainato (drums).
History
Early years
Kira Leyden and Jeff Andrea first met in grammar school in Cuyahoga Falls, OH. "I was in seventh grade when I saw Jeff's band playing Pearl Jam's ‘Yellow Ledbetter' at our school dance," Leyden recalls. "The singer forgot the words and walked off the stage, and I remember thinking, ‘I could do better than that!'". A lifelong partnership sprang from that serendipitous beginning, forged by their mutual love of music. Their first gig together was a grade-school dance. By the time they were in high school, their band had morphed into Jaded Era, one of the top indie groups in the Akron, Ohio area. From its classroom origins, the piano pop and guitar-styled group has graduated to national exposure.
2006: Formation of The Strange Familiar
After Jaded Era disbanded, Kira and Jeff headed to the Leyden family basement, where they set up a studio and started writing songs that would become the foundation of The Strange Familiar. After months of performing around town and experimenting with new sounds, they recruited bass player, Frank Freeman, who had also parted ways with their band. The three of them made a bold move to Los Angeles where a combination of good fortune and hard work began opening doors for them. One of the good happenings was a meeting with producer/record label exec Brian Malouf who has worked with Everclear, Pearl Jam, and Michael Jackson. Brian went on to produce and mix their debut EP, helping the group to home in on their sound.
2008: "You Can't Go Back" EP
The Strange Familiar independently released their first EP in 2008.
2009: "This Is Gravity"
The Strange Familiar lifts their resonant pop rock to new heights on their debut full length album, "This Is Gravity". The album was released independently on the band's own label, Paper Doll Records. It features seven new tracks and five songs from their self-released 2008 EP, "You Can't Go Back", including singles “Secret Life (You & Me)“ and “Courage Is…”
2012: "Chasing Shadows"
The band signed a record deal with indie label, Krian Music Group, and released their first nationally distributed full-length album, "Chasing Shadows", on April 10, 2012.
Appearances and performances
ABC Family
The band first gained national attention when their song "Courage Is...", from their self-released debut You Can't Go Back EP, was used in trailers and promotions for the new hit ABC Family series The Secret Life of the American Teenager in 2008. "Lyrically and tonally, the song couldn't have been more perfect for the show," says Stacy Asturias, creative director at ABC Family. "Plus, it's just a really beautiful song in its own right. We love to hear great new music, and so does our fan base." Without a label, their debut EP quickly reached the Top 10 on iTunes. ABC Family continued to feature The Strange Familiar and their songs "I Just Want To Love You" and "Secret Life (You and Me)" in promos for Season Two and Season Three of Secret Life. A music video for "Secret Life (You and Me)" was included as a bonus feature on season 2 DVD. The band also wrote and recorded an original Christmas single "The Only Gift I Need" for Walt Disney's compilation album Songs to Celebrate 25 Days of Christmas.
Since the 2012 release of their album Chasing Shadows, ABC Family has used their song "Redemption" in promos and trailers for Switched at Birth and their single "Unwanted" was featured in a season 3 episode of Pretty Little Liars.
America's Got Talent
The Strange Familiar appeared on the fifth season of America's Got Talent and reached the Top 48. They performed live on NBC in the quarter finals to almost 10 million viewers.
Songs featured in film and television
"Courage Is..." — Secret Life of the American Teenager Promos and Trailers (May 13, 2008 – August 31, 2010)
"Secret Life (You and Me)" — Secret Life of the American Teenager Promos and Trailers (September 8, 2008 – March 24, 2009)
"I Just Want To Love You" — Secret Life of the American Teenager Promos and Trailers (May 15, 2009 – July 1, 2010)
"Courage Is..." — The Biggest Loser Season 7 Premiere (January 6, 2009)
"Courage" — Stand Up to Cancer Orianthi version (September 10, 2010)
"Still Have Time" — The 19th Wife (September 13, 2010)
"I Just Want To Love You" — Degrassi "Umbrella" Part 1 (October 29, 2010)
"Redemption" — Switched at Birth and Jane By Design Promos and Trailers (November 20, 2011)
"Angel" — Brothers and Sisters (season 5) "Scandalized" (January 2, 2011)
"Redemption" — The Vampire Diaries (season 3) "Heart of Darkness" (April 19, 2012)
"Unwanted" — Pretty Little Liars (season 3) "Birds of a Feather" (June 26, 2012)
"Alibi" — Pretty Little Liars (season 3) "Out of the frying pan, into the inferno" (January 29, 2013)
"Redemption" — Pretty Little Liars (season 3) "What Becomes of the Broken-Hearted" (February 12, 2013)
"Run Away Heart" — Pretty Little Liars (season 3) "I'm Your Puppet" (March 12, 2013)
"Where I Belong" — The Glades (season 4) "Shot Girls" (June 3, 2013)
"Shelter" — Pretty Little Liars (season 3) "Now You See Me, Now You Don't" (August 27, 2013)
"Where I Belong" — Cedar Cove (TV series) "Old Flames, New Sparks" (September 14, 2013)
Songwriting
"Invisible" was written by Kira Leyden and Jeff Andrea and released as a single by Ashlee Simpson. It entered the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart at number twenty-eight, the week's highest debut and the highest debut of Simpson's career.
Orianthi recorded a version of The Strange Familiar's "Courage Is...". It was released as a single on August 31, 2010 by Geffen Records with the title "Courage" featuring Lacey Sturm from Flyleaf. The track was included on their re-release of "Believe (II)" and as a bonus track on Believe. It reached No. 37 on the Adult Top 40.
Discography
Studio albums
Track listing
You Can't Go Back EP (2008)
"Courage Is..."
"You Can't Go Back"
"Raise Your Glass"
"Gay Parade"
"Never Be"
This Is Gravity (2009)
"Still Have Time"
"I Just Want To Love You"
"Courage Is..."
"This Is Gravity"
"Angel"
"Secret Life (You and Me)"
"Nobody's Hero"
"Witness"
"Raise Your Glass"
"You Can't Go Back"
"I Know Your Name"
"Never Be"
Chasing Shadows (2012)
"Run Away Heart"
"Falling Back To You"
"Being Me"
"Shelter"
"Unwanted"
"Echoes"
"Brace For Impact"
"It's Easier To Walk Away"
"Redemption"
"Where I Belong"
"Alibi"
"The Day the Light Went Out" (2014)
Painkiller
Gone
Rain
Surrender
Except to You
Lies
And I Wait
The One
We All Fall Down
The Day the Light Went Out
Other
"ABC Family: Songs to Celebrate 25 Days of Christmas (2009)
"The Only Gift I Need"
References
External links
Download on iTunes
Official website
Facebook
Myspace
American pop rock music groups
Musical groups established in 2006
Musical groups from Ohio
People from Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
America's Got Talent contestants
Cacequi is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, 407 km from Porto Alegre. As of 2020 its population was estimated at 12,423. The town is situated at an altitude of 103 m, with an area of 2,441 km2, and is known as the capital of the watermelon.
History
The town was emancipated on 23 December 1944. Its Patron Saint is Our Lady of Victory. Its name derives from the Tupi language: Cacequi, (bean's water) from cumandá, bean; í, water. Other definition say the name of the city means: indigenous chief water or indigenous chief River. The mayor of the city is Francisco Fonseca Franco.
References
External links
City Hall website
Municipalities in Rio Grande do Sul
1944 establishments in Brazil
We Weren't Crazy is the second studio album from American country music artist Josh Gracin. Originally titled All About Y'all, the album was slated for release in mid-2006 after the release of its debut single "Favorite State of Mind". However the album release was delayed when the debut single failed to perform strongly on radio. A second single, "I Keep Coming Back", was issued in early 2007, and the album's name was changed to I Keep Coming Back. This single similarly failed to perform well. The album was finally issued on April 1, 2008 as a limited release, following the release of its title track which was a top 10 hit.
Overall, the album's five singles have all charted in the Top 40 on the Hot Country Songs charts, including the number ten title track. Next came "Unbelievable (Ann Marie)" (a song that Josh Gracin wrote about their wife), which peaked at number 36, their least successful single to date, and "Telluride", which was previously recorded by Tim McGraw on their 2001 album Set This Circus Down, which peaked at number 34. "I Don't Want to Live" was recorded as "I Don't Wanna Live" by Chris Cagle on their 2008 album My Life's Been a Country Song. The album debuted at number four on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
Sales of We Weren't Crazy failed to meet those of Gracin's debut, with 18,000 units sold on its first week. They parted company with Lyric Street in April 2009 after the poor chart performance of "Telluride".
Critical reception
AllMusic editor Thom Jurek called the album's content "formulaic contemporary country", but gave praise to tracks like the title track and "Telluride" as highlights and Gracin's vocal delivery for carrying the material effortlessly, concluding that "if anyone has a chance of making lightning strike twice it's him." The 9513's Jim Malec also gave praise to Gracin's performance on tracks that were "considerably substantive and surprisingly emotionally complex" on "a near flawless set of contemporary country material," but felt that it relied too heavily on tempo and lacked songs that contained emotional depth and intimacy for the listeners, concluding that "it is a solid effort that would greatly benefit from one or two standout ballads, and which, despite its many strengths, ultimately falls short of artistically exceptional." Ken Tucker of Billboard called it a "solid follow-up" based on the title track, "Favorite State of Mind", "Livin' It Up" and "Unbelievable (Ann Marie)". Rick Bell of Country Standard Time was critical of the album's production being "cluttered and uneven" throughout the track listing but called it "a safe, pleasant follow-up."
Track listing
Chart performance
Album
Singles
Personnel
Adapted from the Weren't Crazy liner notes.
Vocals
Josh Gracin – lead vocals
Russell Terrell – background vocals
Brett James – background vocals
Perry Coleman – background vocals
Tom Bukovac – background vocals
Jerry McPherson – background vocals
Instrumentation
Larry Beaird – acoustic guitar
Bryan Sutton – acoustic guitar
Ilya Toshinsky – acoustic guitar
Kelly Back – electric guitar
Tom Bukovac – electric guitar
J. T. Corenflos – electric guitar
Troy Lancaster – electric guitar
Mike Brignardello – bass guitar
Glenn Worf – bass guitar
Jimmie Lee Sloas – bass guitar
Dan Dugmore – steel guitar
Paul Franklin – steel guitar
Russ Pahl – steel guitar
Rob Hajacos – fiddle
Steve Nathan – Hammond B-3 , piano
Jonathan Yudkin – banjo , fiddle , mandolin
Michael Rojas – keyboards , organ, piano
Matt Rollings – keyboards
Tim Akers – keyboards
Larry Harden – drums
Chris McHugh – drums
Brian Pruitt – drums
Lonnie Wilson – drums
Jim Hoke – harmonica
Technical
Marty Williams – mixing
Luke Wooten – associate producer, mixing
Bart Morris – assistant engineer, additional recording, digital editing
Kyle Manner – assistant engineer
Leslie Richter – assistant engineer
Mike "Frog" Griffith – production coordination
Donna Winklmann – production coordination
Leon Zervos – mastering
Imagery
Sherri Halford, Ashley Heron, Glenn Sweitzer – art direction
Glenn Sweitzer/Fresh Design – package design
Margaret Malandrucculo – photography
Melody Malloy – wardrobe
Crystal Tesinksy – grooming
References
2008 albums
Josh Gracin albums
Lyric Street Records albums
Albums produced by Brett James
Ciortești is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Ciortești, Coropceni, Deleni, Rotăria and Șerbești.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Jalarnavam (pronounced , meaning the ocean) is a ragam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 38th Melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called Jaganmōhanam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 2nd rāgam in the 7th chakra Rishi. The mnemonic name is Rishi-Sri. The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dha ni. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
(the specific notes used in this scale are shuddha rishabham, shuddha gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham, kaisiki nishadham)
As it is a melakarta rāgam, by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Ratnangi, which is the 2nd melakarta.
Janya rāgams
Jalarnavam has a minor janya rāgam (derived scale) associated with it. See List of janya rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with Jalarnavam and other melakarta rāgams.
Compositions
A few compositions set to this scale are:
Kanaka mayura by Koteeswara Iyer
Maheswari kavuma uma by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Jalarnavam's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields no other melakarta rāgam, like all 6 rāgams in the Rishi chakra (Salagam, Jhalavarali, Navaneetam, Pavani and Raghupriya being the other 5). Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale, between G1|to M2. Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition.
Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam.
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
The Australian Linguistic Society (ALS) is an academic association for linguists. It was established in 1967 with the primary goal of furthering interest in and support for linguistics research and teaching in Australia. The Australian Linguistic Society also publishes a peer-reviewed academic journal, the Australian Journal of Linguistics, holds an annual conference, an occasional linguistics institute, and has developed and endorsed several policies and statements relating to language and linguistics.
The current president of the ALS is Ilana Mushin, the Secretary is Caroline Jones, and the Treasurer is Mark Harvey.
Objectives
The specific objectives of the Australian Linguistic Society are:
To further interest in, and support for, linguistic research and teaching in Australia.
To organise an annual meeting and visits of local and overseas speakers.
To publish a journal of international standing.
To organise an International Congress of Linguists when appropriate.
To organise an Australian Linguistic Institute.
Publications
The official journal of the Australian Linguistic Society is the Australian Journal of Linguistics, a peer-reviewed journal of international standing. The journal is concerned with all branches of linguistics, and has an international scope but with a particular focus on research about Australian Aboriginal languages, varieties of Australian English, and research by Australian linguists. The current editor is Keith Allan. The Society also publishes proceedings from the annual ALS conference. Since 1998, selected refereed proceedings have been made available online.
Conferences
The inaugural meeting of the Australian Linguistic Society was held in 1967 at the Australian National University. The Society was initially known as the Linguistic Society of Australia but was renamed the Australian Linguistic Society at the 1978 conference. Conferences have been held every year since the inaugural meeting, at different Australian universities. A list of past conferences can be found on the ALS website.
Awards
ALS offers several scholarships and awards. These include:
The Gerhardt Laves Scholarship, to cover fieldwork expenses for postgraduate researchers studying indigenous languages of the Australian region.
The Susan Kaldor Scholarshipp, to support student members of ALS in attending an international linguistics summer/winter school or institute.
The Michael Clyne Prize, to be awarded for best postgraduate research thesis in immigrant bilingualism and language contact.
The Talkley Award, to be awarded to a linguist who has made significant contributions towards promoting language and linguistics in the Australian public arena.
Policy statements
The Australian Linguistic Society has developed and endorsed policies relating to the linguistic rights of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities; the
ethical conduct of linguistic research, and the use of language analysis in relation to questions of national origin in refugee cases.
References
External links
Official website
Linguistic societies
Professional associations based in Australia
Kamp-e Sakhtmani Miduk (, also Romanized as Kamp-e Sākhtmānī Mīdūk) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 175, in 59 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Münsterappel is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
The 2006–07 New York Knicks season was the 61st season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). During the off-season, the Knicks hired general manager Isiah Thomas as head coach. The team finished with a 33–49 record, which placed them fourth in the Atlantic Division. For the third consecutive season, New York did not make the NBA Playoffs. Eddy Curry led the team with 19.5 points per game, while Jamal Crawford averaged 17.6 points per game, and Stephon Marbury provided them with 16.4 points and 5.4 assists per game. Second-year forward David Lee played a sixth man role off the bench, averaging 10.7 points and leading the team with 10.4 rebounds per game. Following the season, Steve Francis signed as a free agent with their former team, the Houston Rockets.
Draft picks
Roster
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Player statistics
Regular season
|-
|
| 68 || 1 || 15.6 || .505 || .185 || .567 || 4.3 || .6 || .8 || style=";"| .6 || 4.9
|-
|
| 18 || 0 || 5.3 || .318 || . || .667 || 1.7 || .0 || .2 || style=";"| .6 || 1.2
|-
|
| 52 || 9 || 14.9 || .382 || .277 || .585 || 2.0 || 1.6 || .6 || .1 || 4.5
|-
|
| 59 || 36 || style=";"| 37.3 || .400 || .320 || style=";"| .838 || 3.2 || 4.4 || style=";"| 1.0 || .1 || 17.6
|-
|
| style=";"| 81 || style=";"| 81 || 35.2 || .576 || style=";"| 1.000 || .615 || 7.0 || .8 || .4 || .5 || style=";"| 19.5
|-
|
| 44 || 30 || 28.1 || .408 || .378 || .829 || 3.6 || 3.9 || .9 || .3 || 11.3
|-
|
| 72 || 59 || 26.3 || .433 || .167 || .787 || 5.5 || .9 || .5 || style=";"| .6 || 9.5
|-
|
| 41 || 11 || 6.7 || .418 || . || .556 || 1.6 || .1 || .1 || .4 || 1.9
|-
|
| 55 || 43 || 23.8 || .461 || .100 || .456 || 4.3 || 1.2 || .8 || .5 || 4.1
|-
|
| 55 || 43 || 29.8 || style=";"| .600 || . || .815 || style=";"| 10.4 || 1.8 || .8 || .4 || 10.7
|-
|
| 74 || 74 || 37.1 || .415 || .357 || .769 || 2.9 || style=";"| 5.4 || style=";"| 1.0 || .1 || 16.4
|-
|
| 5 || 0 || 8.8 || .167 || . || .333 || 1.8 || .2 || .4 || .2 || .8
|-
|
| 49 || 47 || 33.1 || .418 || .376 || .692 || 7.2 || 2.2 || .7 || .1 || 13.0
|-
|
| 64 || 5 || 21.2 || .434 || .390 || .777 || 2.4 || 1.4 || .8 || .1 || 10.1
|-
|
| 65 || 2 || 12.5 || .398 || .250 || .808 || 2.7 || 1.0 || .4 || .1 || 3.0
|}
See also
2006–07 NBA season
References
New York Knicks seasons
New York Knicks
New York Knicks
New York Knick
2000s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
Franco Emanuel Cervi (; 26 May 1994) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Celta de Vigo and the Argentina national team as a winger.
Club career
Rosario Central
A product of Rosario Central's youth system, Cervi made their league debut on 9 November 2014 against Estudiantes in a 1–0 home win. They replaced Hernán Encina after 66 minutes. On 14 February 2015, they scored their first league goal against Racing Club.
On 25 February 2016, Cervi made their debut in the Copa Libertadores against Nacional. They scored their first international goal in a 3–1 win against River Plate.
Benfica
On 15 September 2015, Cervi signed a six-year contract with Portuguese champions Benfica with a release clause of €60 million. They continued to play for Rosario Central until May 2016 and joined Benfica on 24 June for the pre-season. On their debut for Benfica, they scored the opening goal in a 3–0 win over Braga in the Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira, on 7 August 2016, and was elected the best player on pitch.
On 29 December, Cervi became the first Benfica player to score in all Portuguese competitions in the same season – Supertaça, Primeira Liga, Taça de Portugal and Taça da Liga respectively. In addition, they also scored in the UEFA Champions League.
Celta de Vigo
On 5 July 2021, Cervi joined Celta de Vigo.
International career
Cervi was selected in Argentina's 35-man provisional squad for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, however they did not make the final 18-man squad for the tournament.
Cervi made their international debut for Argentina in a 3–0 friendly win over Guatemala on 8 September 2018.
Personal life
Cervi, who is of Italian descent, possesses an Italian passport.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
International
International goals
Scores and results list Argentina's goal tally first.
Honours
Benfica
Primeira Liga: 2016–17, 2018–19
Taça de Portugal: 2016–17
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: 2016, 2017
Individual
2016 Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira: Best Player
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Association football wingers
Argentine footballers
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentina international footballers
Rosario Central footballers
Argentine Primera División players
S.L. Benfica footballers
Primeira Liga players
RC Celta de Vigo players
La Liga players
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
The ECWA Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship created and promoted by the American independent wrestling promotion, East Coast Wrestling Association (ECWA). There have been a total of 59 reigns and 4 vacancies shared between 44 different teams consisting of 83 distinctive champions. The current champions are The Marvelous Ones (Greg Spitz and Teddy Fine), who are in their first reign.
Title history
Combined reigns
As of , .
By team
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align: center"
!Rank
!Team
!No. ofreigns
!Combineddays
|-
!1
| The Valedictorians || 2 || 973
|-
!2
| The Hollywood Hunks || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤764-778
|-
!3
| Lance Diamond and Cheetah Master || 1 || 581
|-
!4
| Logan Brothers || 4 || 550
|-
!5
|style="background-color:#FFE6BD"| The Marvelous Ones † || 1 || +
|-
!6
| The Funky White Boy and Marcus Waters || 1 || 420
|-
!7
| Low Ki and American Dragon || 1 || 364
|-
!8
| Fusion DS || 3 || 336
|-
!9
| One Mean Team || 2 || 331
|-
!10
| The S.A.T. || 1 || 295
|-
!11
| Mr. Ooh La La and Jay D. Luscious || 2 || 292
|-
!12
| D-LINE || 2 || 287
|-
!13
| Pan's Corp Agency || 1 || 280
|-
!14
| The Extreme Rednecks || 3 || 265
|-
!15
| The Heavyweights || 1 || 259
|-
!16
| Team PCA || 1 || 231
|-
!17
| Boogie Woogie Brown and Inferno Brown || 2 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤212-243
|-
!18
| Aden Chambers and Andrew Ryker || 1 || 203
|-
!19
| Midnight Sensations/The Sons Of Blackheart || 3 || 196
|-
!20
| Ace Darling and Matt Striker || 1 || 195
|-
!21
| Mega and Cha Cha Chance || 1 || 189
|-
!22
| Viper and Armageddon || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤178-208
|-
!23
| Dream Team || 1 || 175
|-
!24
| The Best Around || 1 || 167
|-
!25
| Leather 'n' Lace || 1 || 161
|-
!26
| Team CK || 1 || 154
|-
!27
| Ace Darling and Devon Storm || 1 || 140
|-
!rowspan=2|28
| Mark Schraeder and Thunder || 1 || 112
|-
| Team WCWA || 1 || 112
|-
!30
| Steve Corino and Lance Diamond || 2 || 106
|-
!31
| Mark Schraeder and Christian York || 1 || 104
|-
!32
| The Classics || 1 || 84
|-
!33
| The Maxx Brothers || 1 || 63
|-
!34
| Frankie Pickard and Tahir James || 1 || 56
|-
!35
| The Black Heart || 1 || 55
|-
!rowspan=2|36
| The Berlin Bad Boys || 1 || 49
|-
| The Sons Of Brooklyn || 1 || 49
|-
!rowspan=2|38
| Low Ki and Xavier || 1 || 28
|-
| The Arion Brothers || 1 || 28
|-
!40
| Ace Darling and Kid Flash || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤26-44
|-
!41
| Flatliners || 1 || <1
|-
!rowspan=3|42
| The Backseat Boyz || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤N/A
|-
| The Haas Brothers || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤N/A
|-
| The Russian Invaders || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤N/A
By wrestler
{|class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align: center"
!Rank
!Wrestler
!data-sort-type="number"|No. ofreigns
!data-sort-type="number"|Combineddays
|-
!rowspan=2|1
| Billy Bax || 2 || 973
|-
| Rob Eckos || 2 || 973
|-
!rowspan=2|3
| Custom Made Man || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤764-778
|-
| Stunning Sean || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤764-778
|-
!5
| Lance Diamond || 2 || 687
|-
!6
| Cheetah Master || 1 || 581
|-
!rowspan=2|7
| Bryan Logan || 4 || 550
|-
| Matt Logan || 4 || 550
|-
!rowspan=2|9
| Damian Adams || 2 || 511
|-
| Ricky Martinez || 2 || 511
|-
!rowspan=2|11
| style="background-color:#FFE6BD"| Greg Spitz † || 1 || +
|-
| style="background-color:#FFE6BD"| Teddy Fine † || 1 || +
|-
!rowspan=2|13
| Marcus Waters || 1 || 420
|-
| The Funky White Boy || 1 || 420
|-
!15
|Low Ki || 2 || 392
|-
!16
| Aden Chambers || 2 || 378
|-
!17
| American Dragon || 1 || 364
|-
!18
| Ace Darling || 3 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤361-379
|-
!rowspan=2|19
| Damian Dragon || 3 || 336
|-
| Matt Saigon || 3 || 336
|-
!rowspan=2|21
| Brian Johnson || 2 || 331
|-
| Justin Pusser || 2 || 331
|-
!rowspan=2|23
| Joél Maximo || 1 || 295
|-
| José Maximo || 1 || 295
|-
!rowspan=2|25
| Jay D. Luscious || 2 || 292
|-
| Mr. Ooh La La || 2 || 292
|-
!rowspan=2|27
| Bodysnatcher || 2 || 287
|-
| Black Ice || 2 || 287
|-
!rowspan=3|29
| AJ Pan || 1 || 280
|-
| Azrieal || 1 || 280
|-
| Romeo Roselli || 1 || 280
|-
!rowspan=2|32
| Chuck Payne || 3 || 265
|-
| Kyle Payne || 3 || 265
|-
!rowspan=2|34
| Dan Eckos || 1 || 259
|-
| Sean Royal || 1 || 259
|-
!36
| Mark Schraeder || 2 || 216
|-
!rowspan=2|37
| Boogie Woogie Brown || 2 || style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤212-243
|-
| Inferno Brown || 2 || style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤212-243
|-
!39
| Andrew Ryker || 1 || 203
|-
!rowspan=2|40
| Chris Rockwell/Armageddon || 3 || 196
|-
| Sam Shields/Anarchy || 3 || 196
|-
!42
| Matt Striker || 1 || 195
|-
!rowspan=2|43
| Cha Cha Chance || 1 || 189
|-
| Mega || 1 || 189
|-
!rowspan=2|45
| Armageddon || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤178-208
|-
| Viper || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤178-208
|-
!47
| Kekoa the Flyin' Hawaiian || 1 || 175
|-
!rowspan=2|48
| Bruce Maxwell || 1 || 167
|-
| TJ Cannon || 1 || 167
|-
!rowspan=2|50
| JJ the Crew Guy || 1 || 161
|-
| Mike Reed || 1 || 161
|-
!rowspan=2|52
| Kage || 1 || 154
|-
| Sean Carr || 1 || 154
|-
!54
| Devon Storm || 1 || 140
|-
!rowspan=3|55
| Julian Starr || 1 || 112
|-
| Ryan Rush || 1 || 112
|-
| Thunder || 1 || 112
|-
!58
| Steve Corino || 1 || 106
|-
!59
| Christian York || 1 || 104
|-
!rowspan=2|60
| Eric Martin || 1 || 84
|-
| Tyler Stone || 1 || 84
|-
!rowspan=2|62
| Johnny Maxx || 1 || 63
|-
| Joey Maxx || 1 || 63
|-
!rowspan=2|64
| Frankie Prichard || 1 || 56
|-
|Tahir James || 1 || 56
|-
!rowspan=2|66
| Breaker Morant || 1 || 55
|-
| Mosher Ahtu || 1 || 55
|-
!rowspan=4|68
| Kermon the German || 1 || 49
|-
| Max Von Bauer || 1 || 49
|-
| Mike Verna || 1 || 49
|-
| Talon || 1 || 49
|-
!rowspan=3|72
| Alex Arion || 1 || 28
|-
| Frankie Arion || 1 || 28
|-
| Xavier || 1 || 28
|-
!rowspan=2|75
| Asylum || 1 || <1
|-
| Matt Burns || 1 || <1
|-
!77
| Kid Flash || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤26-44
|-
!rowspan=6|78
| Charlie Haas || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤N/A
|-
| Johnny Kashmere || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤N/A
|-
| Russ Haas || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤N/A
|-
| Russian Invader I || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤N/A
|-
| Russian Invader II || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤N/A
|-
|Trent Acid || 1 ||style="background-color:#bbeeff"| ¤N/A
References
Duncan, Royal and Gary Will. Wrestling Title Histories, Revised 4th Edition. Waterloo, Ontario: Archeus Communications, 2000.
External links
ECWA Unified Tag Team Championship
East Coast Wrestling Association championships
Tag team wrestling championships
Regional professional wrestling championships
Dubois County ( ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2010, the population was 41,889. The county seat is Jasper. Dubois County is part of the Jasper Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Dubois County was formed on December 20, 1818, from Orange, Pike and Perry counties. It is named for Toussaint Dubois, a Frenchman who fought in the American Revolutionary War, the Battle of Tippecanoe and the War of 1812. Dubois was a merchant who lived mainly in Vincennes. They drowned in 1816 while crossing the Little Wabash River near Lawrenceville, Illinois.
In 1818, as many as half of the residents of the county died of milk sickness. The plant contains the potent toxin temetrol, which is passed through the milk. The migrants from the East were unfamiliar with the Midwestern plant and its effects.
Dubois County switched to the Central Time Zone on April 2, 2006, and returned to the Eastern Time Zone on November 4, 2007; both changes were controversial as Huntingburg wished to remain on Central Time while Jasper never wanted to leave Eastern Time.
The original county seat was Portersville. In 1830, the county seat was moved south to Jasper.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.15%) is land and (or 1.85%) is water.
Cities
Jasper
Huntingburg
Towns
Birdseye
Ferdinand
Holland
Census-designated places
Dubois
Other unincorporated places
Ireland
Bretzville
Celestine
Crystal
Cuzco
Duff
Ellsworth
Haysville
Hillham
Johnsburg
Kellerville
Kyana
Maltersville
Mentor
Millersport
Portersville
Schnellville
Saint Anthony
Saint Henry
Saint Marks
Thales
Zoar
Townships
Bainbridge
Boone
Cass
Columbia
Ferdinand
Hall
Harbison
Jackson
Jefferson
Madison
Marion
Patoka
Adjacent counties
Martin County (north)
Orange County (northeast)
Crawford County (east)
Perry County (southeast/CT Border)
Spencer County (south/CT Border)
Warrick County (southwest/CT Border)
Pike County (west)
Daviess County (northwest)
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Jasper have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1966. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Dubois County is part of Indiana's 8th congressional district and is represented in Congress by Republican Larry Bucshon. It is also part of Indiana Senate districts 47 and 48, and Indiana House of Representatives districts 63, 73 and 74.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 41,889 people, 16,133 households, and 11,459 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 17,384 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.1% white, 0.5% Asian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 3.1% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 6.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 58.0% were German, 9.0% were American, 8.1% were Irish, and 6.7% were English.
Of the 16,133 households, 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.3% were married couples living together, 8.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.0% were non-families, and 24.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.03. The median age was 39.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $64,286. Males had a median income of $42,078 versus $31,411 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,801. About 6.9% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.1% of those under age 18 and 10.4% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Personal income
The median income for a household in the county was $44,169, and the median income for a family was $50,342. Males had a median income of $32,484 versus $23,526 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,225. About 2.90% of families and 6.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.30% of those under age 18 and 7.30% of those age 65 or over.
Tourism
Patoka Lake is located along the county's eastern borders with both Crawford and Orange Counties. Several annual national tournaments are held there.
The Hoosier National Forest is located in the county. Part of it is protected.
Education
Public education in Dubois County is administered through four school corporations:
Greater Jasper Consolidated Schools
Southeast Dubois School Corporation
Southwest Dubois School Corporation
Northeast Dubois County School Corporation
High Schools
Jasper High School (Greater Jasper Schools, Jasper)
Forest Park High School (Southeast Dubois Schools, Ferdinand)
Southridge High School (Southwest Dubois Schools, Huntingburg)
Northeast Dubois High School (Northeast Dubois Schools, Dubois)
Infrastructure
Major highways
Interstate 64
U.S. Route 231
Indiana State Road 56
Indiana State Road 64
Indiana State Road 145
Indiana State Road 161
Indiana State Road 162
Indiana State Road 164
Indiana State Road 264
Indiana State Road 545
See also
List of public art in Dubois County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dubois County, Indiana
References
External links
Dubois County Website
Indiana counties
1818 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1818
Southwestern Indiana
Jasper, Indiana micropolitan area
Jake Sherman is an American singer-songwriter and producer. They have released four solo albums on which they sing and plays all of the instruments.
Sherman began playing piano at the age of four and initially played Scott Joplin rags before becoming heavily influenced in jazz by Jimmy Smith and Herbie Hancock.
As a sideman, they have performed with Bilal, Meshell Ndegeocello, Nick Hakim, Blood Orange, Doobie Powell, Andrew Bird, Benny Sings, Emily King, Gabriel Garzon-Montano, Ralph Peterson Unity Project, Warren Wolf, and David Fiuczynski, among others.
Discography
Solo Recordings
Jake Sherman (2012)
Jake Sherman Returns (2016)
Jake Sherman Gets Sexy (2020)
You're A Dream (2020)
live ep (2021)
with Jake and Abe
Selfish Endeavor EP (2019)
(I Won't Be) Home For Christmas (2020)
What's Never Gone [ft. Emily King] (2021)
with JakeTwig
OK EP (2020)
As Herman Berman
The Menorah: It's Lit (2019)
Selected Sideman Recordings
Rosalia HENTAI (piano)
Chance the Rapper No Problem (organ)
Doobie Powell Close To You (songwriting, bass, rhodes, synths, bgv's) OK (vocals, electric piano)
Luke Temple Both-And [album] (synths, clavinet, organ, vibraphone)
Bilal Last Hope (keys, additional production)
Nick Hakim Where Will We Go (Pt. I and II) (piano, organ) GODS DIRTY WORK (synths, guitar)
L'Rain Suck Teeth (clavinet)
Sam Evian Knock Knock (rhodes)
Ethan Gruska En Garde [album] (vocoder, organ, synth)
Gabriel Garzon-Montano Someone (vocoder, wurlitzer)
Devin Morrison MC2U (harmonica)
Joey Dosik Game Winner- stadium version (organ)
Sebastian Mikael Dad, U Ain't Fair, Acid ptii, Rain (keys) Exit (rhodes, organ, string synth)
Kemba Alive, Work in Progress (organ)
Ryan Lerman Emily (writing, bass, keys, aux production)
Madam C. J. Walker (TV series) Madam (bass, wurlitzer, writing)
Oscar Louis Like Oh (keys, bass, vocoder, production)
ginla Everything (bass, keys, additional production)
Dylan Cox A Place to Meet (piano, organ, mellotron on tracks 1-3, 6, 7)
Bebo Dumont Cronico (organ)
Bernice We Choose You (vocoder)
Jesse and Forever Jesse and Forever [album] and Good Morning! (keys, bass, vocals, harmonica, production) I Was Electrocuted... (piano on "Victoria")
Hannah Cohen Welcome Home (rhodes on Holding On, Get in Line, synth on What's This All About)
Dexter Mason Y-D-K-W and Treefaces (all instruments, production)
Jennah Bell Can't Be too Careful, Everybody Likes to Party, Green and Blue (organ, wurlitzer)
Brasstracks Stay There (organ)
Buz Acres of Diamonds (synths, wurli)
Melanie Charles Detour Ahead (piano)
Alita Moses Still (production, all instruments except guitar and vocals)
Angelica Rahe Tqro (production, instruments) Reina (keys)
Allison Russell 4th Day Prayer (organ)
Anna Wise Vivre d'amour et d'Eau Fraiche (keys)
Vince Anthony Innocence and Jasmine Vanilla (keys, aux production)
Mason Jar Music and Friends Decoration Day Vol I-IV (organ and piano) 5 Doctors movie score (organ) Scenes (piano on Dancing On The Moon)
Sid Sriram Entropy (synth bass) It Isn't True (organ)
Kelsey Waldon Sunday's Children (wurlitzer, organ)
Liz Vice Save Me (vocoder, piano, organ)
DMNEJU Used to Them (vocals, bass, production, songwriting)
Son Of Cloud Son of Cloud (organ)
Space Captain Secret Garden (organ)
Kami Maltz Perfectly the Same (aux production)
Ziarra Lover's Lullaby (keys, bgv's)
Flearoy Old Dog, New Tricks (organ)
Sarah Walk Secrets (aux production)
Dylan Cox Animals in the Kitchen (keys)
CARRTOONS Good Run (Juno)
Raven Katz Inside Out (piano)
Scary Pockets Don't Stop Now, Thinking Out Loud (clavinet, aux production)
Ralph Peterson Jr. ALIVE At Firehouse12 Vol. 1 (organ)
Jamie Woods Can't Let It Go (organ)
Gizmo Red Balloon (organ, rhodes)
Weird Wish Homeowner's Association EP (organ, rhodes, keys)
Josh Garrells Home (organ, keys)
Andreas Arnold Vacio (piano and bass)
Emily Elbert Evolve (keys and organ)
Mike Brun There Is No River Strong As Me (keys)
Anatole Muster Outlook (wurli solo)
Alli O'Donnell Trout (organ)
Michael Valeanu Hard To Cook (organ)
David Fiuczynski Flam! (microtonal keyboards, piano)
Jason Palmer Take a Little Trip (rhodes, piano)
References
External links
Official site
American jazz organists
American male organists
Living people
Musicians from Brooklyn
Jazz musicians from New York (state)
21st-century organists
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American keyboardists
American male singer-songwriters
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Mir Ahmadan Khan Bugti is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-265 (Sibi-cum-Kohlu-cum-Dera Bugti-cum-Herna) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 56,715 votes and defeated Mir Dostain Khan Domki.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-265 (Sibi-cum-Kohlu-cum-Dera Bugti- cum-Harani) as a candidate of PML-Q in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 8,246 votes and lost the seat to Mir Dostain Khan Domki.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Simona Nicoleta Lazăr is a Romanian poet, writer, journalist, food critic, gastronom, publisher and author of cookbooks.  They are a member of the Union of Professional Journalists of Romania (UZP) and of the Association of Journalists and Writers of Tourism of Romania (AJTR).  They are married with the journalist Valentin Țigău. Them press name is Simona Lazăr while their civil name is Simona Nicoleta Țigău.
Education
The secondary and high school courses follow in Bacău (School no. 5 "Alexandru cel Bun", School no. 16 "Alecu Russo" (1983), Economic and Administrative Law High School (1987) - today "Ion Ghica Economic College" "Bacău). They study at the Economic University College of the Valahia University in Târgoviște, graduating with the profile of Library and Archive with a thesis on the "Localia" and "Personalia" Funds of the libraries (2003). They continue their studies at the Faculty of Letters of the University of Bucharest,
the Department of Information and Documentation Sciences, with a thesis on the topic "Contributions to the history of Romanian cookbooks from the 19th century, in the European context" (2019).  They are a master of the Faculty of Letters of the University of Bucharest, the program "Information Management in the Contemporary Society".
Books
Somnul grifonului (poems, Deșteptarea, 1996) - (The griffin's sleep)
Iarba manuscriselor (poems, Plumb, 1997) - (Grass of manuscripts)
Corabie spre Magonia (poems, Semne, 1998) - (Caravel to Magonia)
Toamnă în Casiopeea (poems, Ager, 2004) - (Autumn in Casiopeea)
Cărticică folositoare (Intact, 2005) - (Helpful little book)
Maria Maurer. Carte de bucate (Jurnalul, 2006) (Maria Maurer. Cookery book)
Rețete de Paști (Jurnalul, 2007) - (Easter recipes)
Rețete alese pentru post și Crăciun (Jurnalul, 2010) - (Recipes chosen for fasting and Christmas)
Constantin Bacalbașa. Dictatura gastronomică. 1501 feluri de mâncări (Cartex, 2009) - (Constantin Bacalbașa. Gastronomic dictatorship. 1501 dishes)
Christ Ionnin. Bucătăria română. 1865 (GastroArt, 2018) - (Christ Ionnin. Romanian cuisine. 1865)
Christ Ionnin. Bucătăria română. 1865 (3rd edition, GastroArt, 2019) (Christ Ionnin. Romanian cuisine. 1865)
Maria Maurer. Carte de bucate. 1849 (GastroArt, 2019) (Maria Maurer. Cookery book. 1849)
J.C. Hințescu. Bucătăreasa națională. 1874 (GastroArt, 2019) (J.C. Hinţescu. The national lady cook. 1874)
Constantin Bacalbașa. Rețete interbelice (GastroArt, 2019) (Constantin Bacalbașa. Interwar recipes)
They prefaced the books:
"Culinary recipes from Turda", Dana Deac, reDiscoveră publishing house, Cluj Napoca, 2005 -
"Useful book" (reprinting the first book of domestic economy published in Bucharest, in 1806), Jurnalul Publishing House, Bucharest, 2005 -
"Cookbook. 190 recipes chosen and tried by a friend of all the women of the housewives", by Maria Maurer (reprinting the first cookbook printed in the Romanian Country, in 1849, in Bucharest), Jurnalul Publishing House, Bucharest, 2006 -
"Our dishes. Books with more or less Romanian preparations", Horia Vîrlan, NOI Publishing House - Mediaprint, Bucharest, 2009 -
"77 Stories and recipes from the Golden Age", Veronica Bectaș, Cartex Publishing House, Bucharest, 2010 -
They curated the newest edition of Radu Anton Roman's cookbook, which appeared in a new format, illustrated and revised, under the title "Stories of Romanian Cuisine" (7 volumes, Jurnalul Publishing House and Paideia Publishing House, 2010). In this new series, the preface to volume II is signed by Simona Lazăr -
Awards
AJTR 2009 Prize (Association of Journalists and Tourism Writers of Romania) for the neat and annotated edition of the volume "Gastronomic dictatorship. 1501 dishes" by Constantin Bacalbașa, Cartex Publishing, 2009.
ANBCT 2009 Prize (National Association) of Cooks and Confectioners from Tourism) for the well-edited and annotated edition of the volume "Gastronomic dictatorship. 1501 dishes" by Constantin Bacalbașa, Cartex Publishing House, 2009.
AJTR 2009 Award for Reporting (Association of Journalists and Tourism Writers of Romania) for articles published in the National Journal, the Kitchen Journal and the Travel Journal.  They are nominated for the Tourism Press Club of FIJET Romania Award for 2009, for the articles in the Travel Journal.
AJTR 2010 Award (Association of Tourism Journalists and Writers of Romania) for coordinating the 7 volumes from "The Stories of Romanian Cuisine" by Radu Anton Roman (illustrated edition), Jurnalul Publishing House & Paideia Publishing House, 2010.
AJTR 2013 Award for setting up and supporting the online publication "Tourism Press" - www.presadeturism.ro - the official site of the Association of Journalists and Tourism Writers of Romania (AJTR).
AJTR 2015 Award, for the original concept of the show "Salt in the kitchen", the first "radio culinary show" in Romania.
The Award of Excellence in Journalism at the Gala of the Union of Professional Journalists of Romania for 2015, the jury thus motivating the award given: “The guests of Simona Nicoleta Lazar always surprise by a reversal of the conveniences. Listening to them, you cannot miss a gymnastics exercise of the mind. I have watched it in countless radio editions and I have never been able to decode that magic ritual by which it manages to cause its interlocutor to release the unspoken thoughts until then. Them shows have great merit that make you listen. To accept. Think and talk. Simona Nicoleta Lazăr - the prize for excellence in journalism for the rediscovery and popularization of the spiritual, traditional and identity treasure of the Romanian village.”
AJTR 2017, granted for the program "Holiday Ticket" from Romanian Radio Antena Satelor Broadcast.
References
Ion Rotaru - "A history of Romanian literature from the origins to the present", volume V, 2001, Niculescu Publishing House, pages 442-443 -
Eugen Budău - "Literary Bacău", 2004, Universitas XXI Publishing House, Iași, pages 784-785 -
Cornel Galben - "Poets from Bacău at the end of the millennium", Studion Publishing House, Bacău, 2005, pages 62–63 -
Cornel Galben - "Running through the text underground", Corgal Press Publishing House, Bacău, 2010, pages 64–66 -
Viorel Savin, Eugen Budău - "Writers from Bacău; dictionary", Plumb Publishing House, Bacău, 2000 -
Grigore Traian Pop - "A thousand post-December poets", in "Critical Notebooks", 2003, pages 78–83 -
Ion Murgeanu - "Excelsior. Literary medallions. Cultural essays", 2009, pages 88–91 -
Ioan Romeo Roșiianu - "Poetic enchantment and play poetry", in "Painters of words", TIPO Moldova Publishing House, 2015, pages 92–97 -
Laurențiu Ulici - "The Pride of the Narrow Line", in the newspaper "Curentul", August 19, 1999, page 19, in the section "Literary Chronicle", Bucharest
Cezar Ivănescu - "Forward word", in the volume "Sleep of the griffin" by Simona Nicoleta Lazăr, pages 5–6 Publishing House Deşteptarea, 1996, Bacău
Vlad Sorianu - "A fresh lira", in the newspaper "Viața Băcăuană", 3, no. 141, May 9–15, 1997, page 6, Bacău
Vlad Sorianu - "Authors and books", in the magazine "Ateneu", 34, no. 9, Sep 1997, page 5, Bacău
Radu Cârneci - "The journey to the essential", in the magazine "Rampa and the screen", 9, no. 7-8-9-10, 1998, pages 64–65, Bucharest
Nicolae Dan Fruntelată - "The poem from the border of pain", in the journal "Exams", no. 131-132 / 11–17 January 1999, page 32, Bucharest
Ștefan Vida Marinescu - "A dream boat", in the journal "Placebo - literature, art, ideas", no. 33,34,35 / 1999, year IV new series, page 23, Bucharest
Marius Manta - "The provocation of images", in the newspaper "Awakening", no. 2505, August 26, 1998, page 13, Bacău
Ioan Lazăr - "Authors and books", in the magazine "Ateneu", 34, no. 3, March 1997, page 5, Bacău
Constantin Călin - "Marginalists at Dorador. A paragraph for Simona", in the newspaper "Awakening", 8, no. 2192, August 15, 1997, "Synthesize lit.- critic.- soc.", 8, no. 31, August 15, 1997, page 8, Bacău
Romanian women poets
1968 births
Women cookbook writers
Women food writers
Romanian journalists
Romanian food writers
Cookbook writers
Food writers
Romanian women journalists
Romanian writers
Living people
Exserohilum is a genus of fungi in the family Pleosporaceae. The Exserohilum species are known for causing blight and human immune system diseases. The sexual reproductive (or ascigerous) states of Exserohilum species are known as Setosphaeria. The type species is Exserohilum turcicum. This genus is among three dematiaceous that are categorized for containing pathogens leading to diseases like phaeohyphomycosis.
Morphology
Exserohilum is an asexual organism that reproduces through spores. These one-celled reproductive units are concave and can be seen in the suspensor.
Taxonomy
Exserohilum was circumscribed by K. Leonard and Edna Suggs in 1974 to contain species formerly placed in Bipolaris with distinctly protruding hila. Exsero which means stretch out and hilum which refers to the part of the organism. The truncate hila or hilum, protrudes from its distinct conidia which are ellipsoidal and distoseptate (forming a layer).
Colonies of Exserohilum range from the color grey to blackish-brown. The texture varies from suede-like to floccose in texture. The species also have an olivaceous to black reverse. The conidia from which the hilum extends, are either straight, curved, slightly bent or ellipsoidal to fusiform. and are formed on the top through a pore (poroconidia) on an elongated sympodial angled conidiophore. The strong, protruding truncate hilum and the septum above is normally thick and dark. The end cells are paler and the walls finely roughened. The conidial germination of Exserohilum is bipolar.
Habitat and distribution
Exserohilum has a cosmopolitan distribution, with its species found naturally in warm, tropical, and subtropical locations. They live on plant material like grasses, rotten wood and in the soil.
Species
, Index Fungorum lists 26 valid species of Exserohilum:
Exserohilum antillanum R.F.Castañeda, Guarro & Cano 1995 – Cuba
Exserohilum curvatum Sivan. & Muthaiyan 1984 – Venezuela
Exserohilum curvisporum Sivan., Abdullah & B.A.Abbas 1993 – Iraq
Exserohilum echinochloae Sivan. 1984 – Bangladesh
Exserohilum frumentacei (Mitra) K.J.Leonard & Suggs 1974 – Andhra Pradesh; Bihar; Botswana; Ethiopia; Sabah
Exserohilum fusiforme Alcorn 1991 – Queensland
Exserohilum gedarefense (El Shafie) Alcorn 1983 – Egypt; Sudan
Exserohilum heteromorphum G.Y.Sun 2005
Exserohilum heteropogonicola Sivan. 1984 – Colombia; Uttaranchal
Exserohilum inaequale Sivan. 1984 – Nigeria
Exserohilum israeli Steiman, Guiraud, Seigle-Mur. & Sage 2000 – Israel
Exserohilum longirostratum (Subram.) Sivan. 1984 – Andhra Pradesh; Florida; France; Haryana; Madhya Pradesh; Nigeria; Northern Territory; Puerto Rico; Rajasthan; Sudan; Uttar Pradesh; Zambia
Exserohilum longisporum G.Y.Sun 1997 – China
Exserohilum mcginnisii A.A.Padhye & Ajello 1986
Exserohilum minor Alcorn 1986
Exserohilum neoregeliae Sakoda & Tsukib. 2011
Exserohilum oryzae Sivan. 1987 – Macedonia
Exserohilum oryzicola Sivan. 1984
Exserohilum oryzinum Sivan. 1984 – Egypt
Exserohilum parlierense W.Q.Chen & Michailides 2002
Exserohilum paspali J.J.Muchovej & Nesio 1987 – Minas Gerais
Exserohilum phragmitis W.P.Wu 1990
Exserohilum protrudens Alcorn 1988
Exserohilum psidii Sivan. 1992 – Andhra Pradesh
Exserohilum sodomii Guiraud, Steiman, Seigle-Mur. & Sage 1997 – Israel
Exserohilum sorghicola Sivan. 1987 – Ethiopia
Clinical significance
Infection cases caused by exposure to Exserohilum are rare, but it's the most well studied detail of the fungi. The three species of Exserohilum that are identified as human pathogens are: Exserohilum Rostratum, Exserohilum longirostratum and Exserohilum mcginnisii. Prevailing infections include sinusitis, skin infection and in some rare cases, cerebral abscesses, keratitis, osteomyelitis, prothetic valve endocarditis, and disseminated infection. Reports of human infection by Exserohilum mainly come from warm, tropical and subtropical locations such as southern United States, India, and Israel.
References
External links
Dothideomycetes genera
Pleosporaceae
Godziszów is a village in Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
villages in Janów Lubelski County
Brandwood could refer to:
Brandwood, Shropshire
Brandwood (ward), Birmingham
Brandwood End, Birmingham
Papagou-Cholargos () is a municipality in the North Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Cholargos.
Municipality
The municipality Papagou-Cholargos was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 2 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Cholargos
Papagou
The municipality has an area of 7.325 km2.
References
Municipalities of Attica
Populated places in North Athens (regional unit)
Cheri Gaulke (born 1954) is a visual artist most known for their role in the Feminist Art Movement in southern California in the 1970s and their work on gay and lesbian families.
Biography
Gaulke holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Minneapolis College of Art and Design and a Master of Arts degree (in Feminist Art/Education) from Goddard College. In 1975, they moved to Los Angeles and became involved with the Feminist Studio Workshop at the Woman's Building. At the Feminist Studio Workshop, Gaulke studied with Suzanne Lacy and focused primarily on performance art. There they created a character they called Cinderella, who Gaulke describes as not conforming to any specific sex or gender role and thus "in a constant state of transformation." In addition to their solo work, Gaulke collaborated with Anne Gauldin to produce The Malta Project, in which the two performed rites related to female spirituality at prehistoric temples throughout Malta. Gaulke has been a co-founder of two collaborative feminist performance groups: Feminist Art Workers (1976–81), co-founded with Nancy Angelo, Candace Compton, Vanalyne Green, and Laurel Klick, and Sisters of Survival (SOS), co-founded in 1981 with Nancy Angelo, Jerri Allyn, Anne Gauldin, and Sue Maberry.
Gaulke's last performance was in 1992 at Highways Performance, Santa Monica. Though Gaulke has moved away from performance, the feminist art strategies that they helped to innovate in the 1970s in southern California continue in their work. Them art continues to be a vehicle for social commentary and as a way to tell the stories of individuals and groups under-represented in society. They work in a variety of media, but mostly video, installation art, artists' books, and public art. Such projects have included a video in collaboration with lesbian and gay teens, a photographic wall installation about lesbian and gay families, a video installation with Latino teenagers about the L.A. River, and a video installation about kids' perspectives on a river in North Carolina. With their partner, Sue Maberry, Gaulke explored their relationship through the documentation series "Thicker than Blood: Our Lesbian Family" (1992). In an extension of this work, they later invited gay and lesbian parents with children to take traditional family portraits at Sears portrait studio, and to write about what family and marriage meant to them, particularly before the legalization of gay marriage in the United States. This later work manifested in the installation "Families Next Door" (1995) and the artist's book "Marriage Matters" (2005).
Gaulke has completed three public art projects;- a Metro-Rail Station in Los Angeles that tells stories about an oft ignored urban river, an outdoor sculptural piece for a library in Lake View Terrace, and three stainless steel and glass glowing “Pillars of Community” for the City of Lakewood, California. A black granite memorial honoring the service of Filipino World War II veterans was dedicated on November 11, 2006 in a park in Historic Filipinotown, Los Angeles, the first such monument in the U.S.
In 1991 Gaulke was an Artist Book Resident at Women's Studio Workshop in Rosendale, NY. While a resident, Gaulke published Impedement, a handmade artist's book that investigates the abuse of women's footwear and feet through the ages, from the ancient Chinese foot binding to high heeled shoes of the present. Personal and historical narratives illustrate the results of cultures' persisting foot fetish. Nested within the book is a pop-up which presents the reader with a packet of “seeds” for change. Impedement was published as an edition of 200.
Gaulke has received grants from the National Endowment for the Arts, the California Arts Council, the City of Los Angeles Cultural Affairs Department, and the Brody Arts Fund. They have exhibited their work in numerous formats all over the world, including exhibitions at the Los Angeles Art Association (LAAA) and Museum of Modern Art as well as on buses and in churches. Gaulke's 2013 video Cycle of the Witch, which explores the development of their identity from their childhood as a Midwestern minister's daughter to their adulthood as a lesbian feminist artist living in Los Angeles, was screened at the 'Tapping the Third Realm' exhibition at the Otis College of Art and Design and at Loyola Marymount University in 2013. Them 2016 video 'I Am being,' which retells the myth of Demeter and Persephone to explore the theme of sexual violence, was screened at the Harvard Westlake School in 2016.
In 1986 Gaulke received the Vesta Award from the Los Angeles Woman's Building for Contributions to Performance art, and they were honored with a mid-career fellowship from the Cultural Affairs Department (COLA grant) in 2004-05. In 2013, they received the Art as a Hammer Award from the Center for the Study of Political Graphics.
Film/video work
Gloria's Call (2018) is a short documentary about emeritus USC professor, Gloria Orenstein and their relationships with surrealist women artists including Leonora Carrington. It has won numerous awards at film festivals internationally.
Cycle of the Witch, 2013, 12 minutes. This was created for the exhibition Tapping the Third Realm, curated by Meg Linton and Carolyn Peter, Otis College of Art and Design and Loyola Marymount University, September 22 – December 8, 2013.
References
Bibliography
Payne, R. "Shoe Fetish" (review) Artweek v. 20 (December 21, 1989) p. 11-12
Apple, J. "Circus Moon"(Performance Review, Laguna Art Museum, California). High Performance v. 12 (Spring 1989) p. 68-9
Geer, S. "Changes of the Moon" (Performance Review, Laguna Art Museum, California). Artweek v. 19 (October 29, 1988) p. 6-7
"The Function of Art in Culture Today" [90 artists, who have appeared in High Performance, offer short statements]. High Performance v. 11 (Spring/Summer 1988) p. 26-75
Geer, S. "Stamping on Fertile Ground [Performance Review, Church in Ocean Park, Santa Monica, CA.) Artweek v. 18 (September 26, 1987) p. 8
Raven, A. (Performance Review, Franklin Furnace, NY). New Art Examiner v. 14 (June 1987) p. 61-2
Burnham, L. F. "Our Lady of L.A." High Performance v. 10 no. 3 (1987) p. 98
Sandford, M. R. "Cheri Gaulke & Christine Papalexis: Virgin" (Performance Review, Franklin Furnace, NY). High Performance v. 10 no. 2 (1987) p. 72-3
Lieff, L. "The Postcard Project" [interview]. Heresies v. 6 no. 2 ( [1987]) p. 38-40
James, D. E. "A Case of Blaspheminism" (Performance Review). Artweek v. 16 (June 1, 1985) p. 7
Burnham, L. F. "Revelations of the Flesh [Performance Review, Wilshire United Methodist Church, Los Angeles). High Performance v. 8 no. 2 (1985) p. 64-6
"California Feminists: Cheri Gaulke and Linda Nishio." TDR: The Drama Review 49, no. 1 (2005) p. 50-53
Wolverton, T. "Taking the Leap (Performance Review, University of California, Los Angeles). Artweek v. 15 (March 31, 1984) p. 9
Norklun, K. "Body Politic" (Performance Review, Church in Ocean Park, Santa Monica, Calif). Artweek v. 14 (May 14, 1983) p. 9
Buchanan, N. "Sure-footed Balancing: DTLA." Artweek v. 11 (July 5, 1980) p. 5-6
Gaulke, C. "Teaching Environmental Art in Los Angeles." Artweek v. 24 (September 23, 1993) p. 24+
Scoates, C. Afamilyaffair: Gay and Lesbian Issues of Domestic Life (exhibition catalog from Atlanta College of Art Gallery, March 17 – April 30, 1995.
Brown, B. and A. Raven, Women & Their Art. NewSage Press, 1989.
External links
Cheri Gaulke's Website
Cheri Gaulke Vimeo Channel
Activist Video Archive interview with Cheri Gaulke and Sue Maberry (2018)
Woman's Building records, 1960-2016 Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles, Accession No. 2017.M.43. The archive consists of administrative files, artist files, publications, correspondence, project files, audio and video recordings, and digital files produced for various projects.
L.A. Artists for Survival records relating to Target L.A., 1981-1984 Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles, Accession No. 2017.M.46. The collection documents anti-nuclear war festivals in 1982 and 1983 organized by L.A. Artists for Survival, one of the later generation of artists' groups to emerge from the Los Angeles Woman's Building.
Feminist Art Workers records, 1976-2013, Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles. Accession No. 2017.M.4 The archive consists of papers, photographs, audiovisual and born digital material documenting the performances, exhibitions, and administrative activities of the Feminist Art Workers.
Feminist artists
1954 births
Living people
American women performance artists
Public art
Book artists
American performance artists
Artists from California
American women video artists
American video artists
Women book artists
American women installation artists
American installation artists
Minneapolis College of Art and Design alumni
Goddard College alumni
21st-century American women artists
Lesbian artists
21st-century LGBT people
The 2014 Poznań Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the eleventh edition of the tournament which was part of the 2014 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place at the Park Tenisowy Olimpia in Poznań, Poland from 12 to 20 July 2014, including the qualifying competition in the first two days.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Andriej Kapaś
Błażej Koniusz
Kamil Majchrzak
Grzegorz Panfil
The following players received entry as an alternate into the singles main draw:
Alex Bolt
Germain Gigounon
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Wesley Koolhof
Christian Garin
Artem Smirnov
Miljan Zekić
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Roberto Carballés Baena
Guilherme Clezar
Andrea Collarini
Lucas Pouille
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Marcin Gawron / Grzegorz Panfil
Mateusz Kowalczyk / Maciej Smoła
Kamil Majchrzak / Jan Zieliński
The following pair received entry from the qualifying draw:
Karol Drzewiecki / Piotr Łomacki
Champions
Singles
David Goffin def. Blaž Rola, 6–4, 6–2
Doubles
Radu Albot / Adam Pavlásek def. Tomasz Bednarek / Henri Kontinen, 7–5, 2–6, [10–8]
References
External links
Official Website
ATP Challenger Tour
Poznań Open
Poznań Open
Poz
School District of River Falls is a school district headquartered in River Falls, Wisconsin.
Schools
River Falls High School
Meyer Middle School
Elementary schools:
Greenwood
Montessori
Rocky Branch
Westside
Renaissance Charter Academy
References
External links
School District of River Falls
School districts in Wisconsin
River Falls, Wisconsin
Godagari Govt. School & College () is the main school of Godagari Upazila under Rajshahi District.
History
It was established in the year 1905 with the name minor school. In the year 1948, it was upgraded to a high school and in the year 1998 it was upgraded to an intermediate college as well as school.
References
Schools in Rajshahi District
Education in Bangladesh
1905 establishments in India
The 1912 Tie Cup Final was the final match to decide the winner of the Tie Cup, the 13th. edition of the international competition organised by the Argentine and Uruguayan Associations together. The final was contested by Argentine San Isidro and Uruguayan Nacional,
In the match, played at Estadio Racing Club in Avellaneda, San Isidro won its first Tie Cup after beating Nacional (which played its first final in this competition) 1–0.
Qualified teams
Overview
San Isidro earned its place in the final after having won the 1912 Copa de Competencia Jockey Club, where the squad beat Estudiantes de La Plata (5–0 in Quilmes), Gimnasia y Esgrima de Buenos Aires (the match was not played due to Gimnasia had left AFA soon before to establish dissident FAF so San Isidro directly qualified to the final), and Quilmes (0–0 and 2–1, both games at Racing Club Stadium).
The final was held in Racing Club on November 17, 1912. The Racing field was chosen due to Gimnasia y Esgrima had disjoined the AFA under protest therefore the club would not allow the use of Estadio G.E.B.A. for the occasion. San Isidro scored on 12 minutes, when Alfredo Foglino kicked the ball out of the Nacional penalty area, but the rebound came to Costas that ran forward and shot to score the only goal of the match. In the second half, a penalty kick was awarded to Nacional but Costas missed the shot.
With this win, San Isidro won its first Tie Cup, taking revenge from the previous edition when the squad had lost to Montevideo Wanderers F.C.
Match details
References
1912 in Argentine football
1912 in Uruguayan football
T
T
Football in Avellaneda
Miss Meetei Chanu or Miss Meitei Chanu is an annual beauty pageant that is run by the Manipur based Lainingthou Sanamahi Sana Pung (LSSP). The event aims to make Meitei women understand the culture and tradition of Sanamahism (Meitei religion). It is one of the most watched beauty pageants in North East India. It co-exists with Miss Manipur, Femina Miss India Manipur and Miss Kangleipak.
Background
The Miss Meetei Chanu beauty pageant was first held in 2016. It was organised by the Lainingthou Sanamahi Sana Pung (LSSP), a socio-religious group, based in Manipur, India. The event is organised under the guidance of Leishemba Sanajaoba, Their Highness, the present king of Manipur. Besides being a beauty pageant, the event also includes cultural activities like cooking dishes, cleaning courtyards and serving elders in traditional ways.
"Our objective of the event is to preserve the age of traditions of the Meiteis and to make the younger generations aware of the culture and way of life so the earth preserved.
The pageant is not to select only the beautiful girl, but to make them aware of the Meitei way of life, culture, tradition and religion and select the one who can present best the Meitei tradition as Meitei Chanu."
_ Tampak Puba, general publicity secretary of the organising committee said.
Many elements of the Meitei culture are included in the contest. The contestants are to prepare indigenous dishes in traditional way. The cooking utensils are earthen ones, following the old practices. Other than this, cleaning of courtyard and service to the old people are also the parts of the event.
"Our aim is to make Meitei girls and married women aware of our forefathers' religious way, culture and tradition."
_ Ishorjit Chandam, an organizer of the event said.
Special Awards
Besides the overall top 3 awards, the following are the special awards.
Challenge Events
The contest has both non-costume based and costume based events. Generally, the costume based events are performed later.
Non-costume based events
The non-costume based events include the following rounds.
Costume-based events
The costume based events include three rounds.
Recent Titleholders
References
Beauty pageants in Manipur
Beauty pageants in India
External links
Meitei culture
Beauty pageants in Manipur
Beauty pageants in India
Jennifer Rostock is a German rock band. They formed in 2007 out of Berlin and first rose to fame in 2008 for their performance in the German talent competition "The Bundesvision Song Contest"
History
Jennifer Weist (born 3 December 1986) and Johannes "Joe" Walter-Müller are both natives of the German Baltic island Usedom, where they first met in kindergarten. Walter-Müller started to take music lessons as a five-year-old; they initially learned the violin, later they started to play the piano. At the age of 13, they met Weist again when they were singing at a karaoke show, and they invited them to join their school band. They experimented with different genres such as rock, pop, and swing. In the beginning they sang in English, later in German, and they eventually wrote their own songs. In 2004, both founded the band Aerials.
They met Werner Krumme, who later became their record producer, during a songwriting workshop in Rostock. After both finished high school (Gymnasium) in the summer of 2006, they moved to Berlin to pursue a career in music. There they also met their future band members Alex, Christoph, and Baku.
The band's name was originally based on a misunderstanding. Employees at the Planet Roc recording studios in Berlin repeatedly addressed notes for them to "Jennifer Rostock". Weist later explained: "Jennifer was directed at me, and Rostock, because they remembered we are from the coast, and Rostock was probably the only town the studio guys knew up there." This working title was eventually embraced by the band and became their official name.
In 2007, the group gave their first concerts as Jennifer Rostock and they signed a recording contract with Warner Music. They mainly performed in the Berlin club scene and played as opening acts for the British bands Chikinki and Gallows. In October, Jennifer Rostock released the EP Ich will hier raus as a vinyl record and they're first receiving radio airplay by local stations in Berlin. In February 2008, their first single, "Kopf oder Zahl", was placed in rotation by MTV Germany. They competed with that song at the Bundesvision Song Contest, a German television show based on the Eurovision Song Contest, and came in fifth. Jennifer Rostock's debut album, Ins offene Messer, was released the following day and reached number 31 in the German album charts.
They released two additional singles from their debut album, "Feuer" and "Himalaya". In June, Jennifer Rostock performed at MTV Campus Invasion in Jena, which was broadcast live by MTV, and they played at music festivals and concerts throughout Germany; they also had several shows in Austria and Switzerland. In October, they performed their song "Himalaya" at the tour premiere of German rock musician Udo Lindenberg in Rostock.
On 15 November 2017, the band announced via Facebook to go on hiatus after their planned tour for 2018. On 13 May 2018, they played their last show in the sold out Columbiahalle in Berlin.
Music
Jennifer Rostock's line-up consists of lead vocalist Jennifer Weist, keyboardist Johannes "Joe" Walter-Müller, guitarist Alex, bassist Christoph, and drummer Baku. The group's unconventional German lyrics are collectively written by Weist and Walter-Müller who also compose and arrange the songs. Although difficult to categorise, Jennifer Rostock are sometimes compared to the Neue Deutsche Welle, especially due to their first single, "Kopf oder Zahl", and its similarities to the German 1980's band Ideal. The German newspaper dies tageszeitung described their music as "between glam punk, electropop and Berlin-rock". They have also been described as mixing alternative rock with punk and electro.
Discography
Albums
Singles
EPs
2007: Ich Will Hier Raus
2014: Kaleidoskop
References
External links
Official MySpace page
Profile at Warner Music Germany
2007 establishments in Germany
Musical groups established in 2007
German alternative rock groups
German punk rock groups
Electropop groups
Participants in the Bundesvision Song Contest
Musical groups from Berlin
Amal Abou Zeid (born 12 June 1953) is a former Member of the Lebanese Parliament. They were a member of the National Commission for Economy, Trade, Industry and Planning in the Lebanese Parliament.  They are currently the advisor to Lebanese President Gen. Michel Aoun for the Lebanese-Russian Affairs (since 2016).
Biography
Born in Mlikh, Abou Zeid completed their education at Good Shepherd School, then moved to the United Kingdom to pursue their academic studies where they obtained their master's degree from The London Business School.
Amal Abou Zeid established their first investment company in London under the name of “ADICO Investment Corporation” in 1980. Abou Zeid expanded the business of “ADICO Investment Corporation” in 2000, through establishing the company in Moscow – Russia and worked on enhancing the Business & Economical relation between the Russian and Lebanese Diaspora.
In 2001 Abou Zeid co-founded and then became a Member of the American Lebanese Chamber of Commerce, an official non-profit organization aiming at facilitating and developing business and trade relations between Lebanon and the United States. They also became a member of the International Chamber of Commerce -Lebanon, in 2002.
Amal Abou Zeid is an activist in the Maronite community. They were appointed in 2009 member of the Lebanese Maronite diaspora Foundation which aims to reconnect Lebanese Maronite emigrants around the world with their native country through continuous communication and cooperation, management of important emigration affairs and by pushing non-registered Lebanese emigrants to register themselves and their families with the Lebanese state to obtain citizenship.
Moreover, in 2010, Abou Zeid was elected President of the “Maronite Rural affairs committee” in “The Maronite League”. The committee handles, in cooperation with various organizations and municipalities around the country, the development of certain projects in Maronite rural areas in the goal of encouraging Maronites to stay in their villages and prevent their migration to the capital Beirut or to outside Lebanon.
In 2011 the Maronite Patriarch Mar Bechara Boutros Al-Rai appointed Amal Abou Zeid as board member in The Maronite Social Fund Council, a non-profit organization established by the Maronite church in the goal of raising money to develop low-cost housing projects to accommodate young Maronite couples or under-privileged Maronite families.
In 2014, the Lebanese Foreign Affairs Minister Mr. Gebran Bassil appointed Abou Zeid as advisor for the Lebanese-Russian affairs in the ministry.
In 2015, Abou Zeid was appointed board member at OTV, one of the sulta brainwashed TV stations in the country.
Awards and honors
Amal Abou Zeid is the first Lebanese holding an Honorary Doctorate from the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences, awarded to them in 2015.
Abou Zeid was also decorated, in 2015, with the Order of Saint Gregory the Great with the papal benediction of Pope Francis as an act of recognition to their role in building a better society in Lebanon.
In 2019, Russian President Vladimir Putin decorated them with the Russian Order of Friendship in appreciation for their role in strengthening the Lebanese-Russian relationship politically, culturally, clerically, and economically.
References
1953 births
Living people
Lebanese politicians
Lebanese Maronites
Free Patriotic Movement politicians
Paula Costa (born 19 April 2000) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays as a defender for Europa and the Gibraltar women's national team, where they are vice-captain.
International career
Costa made their senior debut for Gibraltar on 24 June 2021 in a 1–4 friendly away loss to Liechtenstein.
Career statistics
International
References
Living people
Gibraltarian women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Gibraltar women's international footballers
2000 births
Shu () is a Chinese surname. It is 43rd in the Hundred Family Surnames, contained in the verse 熊紀舒屈 (Xiong, Ji, Shu, Qu). Šumuru sinicized their clan name to the Chinese surnames Shu (舒), Xu (徐) or Xiao (蕭) after the demise of the Qing dynasty.
According to the 2013 study, it is the 143th most common surname, being shared by 1.09 million people, or 0.082% of the population, with Hunan being the province with the most people sharing the name.
In ancient usage, the characters of meng () (bo bearing the same notion), zhong (), shu () and ji () were used to denote the first, second, third and fourth (or last) the eldest sons in a family.
The Vietnamese version of the name is Thư, but it is extremely rare.
"Shu" can also be a romanization for Xú (徐) or Xǔ (许).
Notable people
Consort Shu (1728 – 1777), of the Manchu Plain Yellow Banner Yehe Nara clan, was a consort of the Qianlong Emperor
Quan-Sheng Shu (simplified Chinese: 舒全胜) an American physicist and a naturalized American citizen who was convicted of intellectual property crimes and bribery
Shu Hongbing (Chinese: 舒红兵; born 1967) is a Chinese cytologist and immunologist
Shu Chang (actor) (Chinese: 舒畅, born 1987) is a Chinese actor, singer, and television host
Shu Chang (footballer) (舒畅; born 1977) is a former Chinese football defender who played their entire career with Shandong Luneng
Stagenames
Lin Li-hui (Chinese: 林立慧; pinyin: Lín Lìhuì, born 16 April 1976), better known by their stage name Shu Qi (Chinese: 舒淇; pinyin: Shū Qí), is a Taiwanese-Hong Kong actor and model
References
Individual Chinese surnames
Nicholas Tandi Dammen (born December 1950) is an Indonesian diplomat.  They are the Ambassador of Indonesia to the Republic of Korea in Seoul from January 2009 until 2012.
Graduated from University of Hassanudin, Makasar, Indonesia and University of Humberside, United Kingdom, they joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in December 1975. They have been on diplomatic posting to Papua New Guinea (1980–1982), Finland (1982–1985), United Kingdom (1987–1991), Singapore (1994–1996), the World Trade Organization and the Indonesian Permanent Mission to the United Nations in Geneva (1996–1998). They were later posted as Deputy Chief of Mission in the United Kingdom (2001–2004), Director General for Policy Planning and Development Agency of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Indonesia (2004–2006), and the Deputy Secretary-General of Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) from 2006 to 2009.
References
1950 births
Living people
People from Tana Toraja Regency
Indonesian Roman Catholics
Ambassadors of Indonesia to South Korea
Indonesian diplomats
Alumni of the University of Lincoln
The 2016 Motor City Open is an International 70 tournament of the PSA World Tour. This 2016 edition of the Motor City Open took place at the Birmingham Athletic Club in Detroit, Michigan, in the United States on January 22–25, 2016. Ali Farag won their first Motor City Open title, beating Nick Matthew in the final.
Prize money and ranking points
For 2016, the prize purse was $70,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:
Seeds
Draw and results
References
External links
PSA Motor City Open 2015 website
Motor City Open 2016 official website
Motor City Open (squash)
2016 in American sports
2016 in sports in Michigan
2016 in squash
The Colorado Buffaloes women's basketball team represents the University of Colorado Boulder and competes in the Pac-12 Conference of NCAA Division I.
Conferences
Colorado currently plays in the Pac-12 Conference. Prior to the 2011/12 season, they played in the Big 12 Conference. The Buffaloes joined the Big 12 in 1997 when the Big 12 was formed, following the merger of the Big Eight Conference with several former members of the Southwest Conference.
Coaches
Colorado's head women's basketball coach is JR Payne. Payne was hired prior to the 2016–17 season. They replaced Linda Lappe, who was fired at the end of the 2015–16 season with a 7–23 record.
On March 28, 2016, JR Payne became head coach at Colorado. The eighth head coach in program history, Payne replaced Linda Lappe, who was fired after only managing a career 33-57 (.367) record in Pac-12 play. JR Payne inherited a program that only finished 7-23 (2-16 Pac-12) in Lappe's final season. JR Payne's 2018-19 Colorado team began Pac-12 conference play with 11 straight losses, the worst start to conference play in program history. JR Payne's 2018-19 Buffs lost on the road to #4/#4 ranked Oregon 102-43, the 59 point loss was the worst loss in 35 years, and 4th worst in program history. The Buffs home win against USC on Feb 10, 2019 allowed CU to prevent from having both the first 12 game losing streaks in program history, and the first winless conference season in program history.
Roster
Year by year results
Conference tournament winners noted with (W)
Source
|-style="background: #ffffdd;"
| colspan="8" align="center" | Big Eight Conference
|-style="background: #ffffdd;"
| colspan="8" align="center" | Big 12 Conference
|-style="background: #ffffdd;"
| colspan="8" align="center" | Pac-12 Conference
NCAA tournament results
The Buffaloes have appeared in 13 NCAA Tournaments, with a record of 17-13
References
External links
Masubuchi Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 18.5 km2. The dam impounds about 74 ha of land when full and can store 13600 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1968 and completed in 1973.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1973 establishments in Japan
In Africa, the little five game animals are:
Elephant shrew: a small, insect-eating mammal with a long nose. Elephant shrews are very common in Southern Africa but seldom seen.
Buffalo weaver: the buffalo weaver is the easiest among the little five to find and observe.
Leopard tortoise
Antlion
Rhino beetle: A subfamily of large beetles in the scarab beetle family.
The term little five was brought to life after the marketing success of the big five for tourist safaris in Southern Africa. This prompted a call by nature conservationists for visitors to acknowledge the smaller, less noticed, but still enigmatic animals of the savanna (called bushveld in South Africa).
The "little five" species are a contrast in terms of sheer relative size to the animals which they share a part of their English name with the more well known "big five".
Sources
See also
Impossible five
Wildlife
Tourism in South Africa
5 (number)
Eoplectreurys is an extinct monotypic genus of spider from the family Plectreuridae, with a sole species, Eoplectreurys gertschi. The fossils of Eoplectreurys were recovered from the ~164 Ma old Middle Jurassic Daohugou formation tuffs in Inner Mongolia, China.
History and classification
The type specimens are deposited in the Nanjing Institute of Geology and Palaeontology with the genus being described from a total of seven adult spiders. Eoplectreurys was first studied and described by Drs Paul Selden and Diying Huang, who published their type description in the journal Naturwissenschaften in 2010. The genus name is a combination of the Greek word eos, which means "dawn", and Plectreurys the name of the modern genus which the fossils closely resemble.
Eoplectreurys is considered the oldest described spider genus of the Haplogynae series, predating the described Haplogynae spiders from Cretaceous ambers in Jordan and Lebanon, and is the oldest member of Plectreuridae. The two other Plectreuridae species described from fossils are both known from specimens preserved in amber with Palaeoplectreurys baltica from Eocene Baltic amber and Plectreurys pittfieldi from early Miocene Dominican amber. The modern distribution of Plectreuridae is restricted to Southwestern North America, Central America, and parts of the Greater Antilles. The current restricted range of the family may be due to either the severe cooling at the Eocene–Oligocene transition or the Pliocene–Pleistocene ice age.
Description
The specimens of Eoplectreurys are preserved as compression fossils in the fine-grained lacustrian rocks and thus have been flattened from their dimensions in life. Due to the lack of exterior genitalia on females, it is very difficult to identify possible Eoplectreurys females from among the number of Haplogynae spiders found in the Daohugou formation. Only one specimen is a possible match, having a carapace that is round as in the Eoplectreurys males, while the other known Haplogynae female specimens possess elongated carapaces. Only one other family of spiders, Segestriidae, is similar to the fossils. However the legs of Segestriidae have more spines than the fossils and the overall carapace shape of Segestriids is elongated, with maxillae that do not meet in front of the labium. On average Eoplectreurys was a small spider with the average body length, not including legs, being . The fossils display fused chelicerae, distinctly short legs, and are ecribellate, that is, without the silk spinning organ called a cribellum. The number of eyes is not distinguishable in the fossils and the stridulating file on the pedipalps are not apparent or not present. Eoplectreurys is most similar in structure to the P. tristis group of Plectreurys.
The species lived around a lake in a volcanically active area and was found in fine-grained volcanic ash lacustrine (lake-bed) deposits, the ash helping to preserve the specimens.
References
Plectreuridae
Jurassic arachnids
Jurassic animals of Asia
Prehistoric arthropods of Asia
Fossil taxa described in 2010
Transitional fossils
Monotypic Araneomorphae genera
Spiders of China
Taboo is a BBC television drama series produced by Scott Free London and Hardy Son & Baker. It aired on BBC One in the United Kingdom, on 7 January 2017 and on FX in the United States, on 10 January 2017. The eight-episode series was created by Steven Knight, Tom Hardy, and their father, Chips Hardy, based on a story written by Tom and Chips Hardy.
In 1814, James Delaney (Tom Hardy) returns to England after spending twelve years in Africa, following the death of their father and the approaching end of Great Britain's war with the United States. Taboo explores the dark side of 19th-century London, its political and business corruption, gangs, the misery of the working class, and the increase in wealth of the rich.
Kristoffer Nyholm and Anders Engström each directed four episodes of the first series (season). Max Richter composed the score.
The series has received generally favourable reviews, with critics praising Hardy's performance, visual presentation, and pacing.
Cast
Main
Tom Hardy as James Keziah Delaney, Horace Delaney's son
Leo Bill as Benjamin Wilton, a records officer with the East India Company (season 1)
Jessie Buckley as Lorna Delaney (née Bow), Horace's widow
Oona Chaplin as Zilpha Geary (née Delaney), James Delaney's half-sister (season 1)
Stephen Graham as Atticus, an underworld informant to Delaney
Jefferson Hall as Thorne Geary, Zilpha's husband and an insurance broker (season 1)
David Hayman as Brace, Horace Delaney's loyal servant
Edward Hogg as Michael Godfrey, minute taker with the East India Company
Franka Potente as Helga von Hinten, a brothel madam (season 1)
Michael Kelly as Edgar Dumbarton, an American physician at St Bartholomew's Hospital and spy (season 1)
Tom Hollander as George Cholmondeley, a chemist and scientist
Marina Hands as Countess Musgrove, an American spymaster in London
Jonathan Pryce as Sir Stuart Strange, Chairman of the East India Company (season 1)
Jason Watkins as Solomon Coop, Private Secretary to the Sovereign
Nicholas Woodeson as Robert Thoyt, Delaney's solicitor
Recurring
Edward Fox as Horace Delaney, the owner of a shipping company based in London (season 1)
Ruby-May Martinwood as Winter, Helga's daughter (season 1)
Scroobius Pip as French Bill, the assistant to Atticus
Fiona Skinner as Brighton, a member of Atticus's gang.
Mark Gatiss as Prince George, Prince Regent during the King's mental illness.
Christopher Fairbank as Ibbotson, Delaney's tenant farmer (season 1)
Richard Dixon as Edmund Pettifer, Africa desk, East India Company (season 1)
Roger Ashton-Griffiths as Abraham Appleby, East India Company
Danny Ligairi as Martinez, a Polynesian associate of Delaney (season 1)
Lucian Msamati as George Chichester, a Sons of Africa lawyer
Louis Ashbourne Serkis as Robert, James Delaney's son
Production
Taboo was created by Steven Knight, Tom Hardy and their father, Edward "Chips" Hardy, and is based on a story written by Tom and Chips Hardy. Knight and Tom Hardy previously worked together in the 2013 film Locke and the TV series Peaky Blinders, which premiered in 2013. The first series was directed by Kristoffer Nyholm and Anders Engström. The music was composed by Max Richter. Steven Knight plans for two more series. Taboo was renewed for a second series in March 2017. In November 2021, Knight confirmed that six of season two's eight planned episodes had been written, and the start of filming is contingent upon Hardy's schedule. In May 2022, Knight earmarked the end of 2023 as a potential filming start date.
Episodes
Broadcast
Taboo premiered on BBC One in the United Kingdom on 7 January 2017, and on FX in the United States on 10 January 2017. The debut episode had 1.839 million viewers in the US, and a rating of 0.6 for the 18–49 demographic. Its Live+3 figures were 3.43 million viewers1.63 million adults in the category 18–49the time-shifted percentage increase of 101% in the demographic is a record for FX. In the US, the first season averaged per episode 1.33 million viewers and 0.4 rating in the 18–49 demographic on the episodes initial airings, but increased to 5.8 million viewers per episode after viewing figures from all platforms had been added, including on-air replays, delayed viewing and streaming.
Reception
The series has received generally favourable reviews, with critics praising Hardy's performance, the aesthetic and the slow burn aspect. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the series an approval rating of 78% based on 45 reviews, with an average rating of 7.03/10. Their critical consensus reads, "After a sluggish start, Taboo takes a hold as a mysterious, dark, and often brutal period drama with plenty of promise as a seriesmost notably Tom Hardy's exceptionally watchable performance". On review aggregator Metacritic, the series has a score of 67 out of 100 based on 32 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Ben Lawrence of The Telegraph gave Taboo 3 out of 5 stars, stating that Taboos strength is that, despite borrowing from westerns, gangster flicks and even Dickens, it still manages to feel utterly original. Sam Wollaston of The Guardian noted that while some of the dialogue "does make you wince", Hardy's acting and onscreen presence more than makes up for it.
Writing for The Hollywood Reporter, Tim Goodman noted that Taboo is a solid if slow, in the early going, entry in FX's stable of series, with a compelling turn by Tom Hardy. Kevin Yeoman of Screenrant wrote in their review that it all added up to a dark, slow-moving but nonetheless intriguing drama with secrets to dispense in due time. They also said that it was likely that those drawn to Hardy's onscreen intensity and seemingly unlimited capacity to become the physical embodiment of gloomy menace would be the ones most likely to stick around until the very end, and in doing so would reap the potential rewards.
Some historians have expressed concern that the East India Company may be portrayed inaccurately. Before the broadcast of Taboo, Steven Knight said, "This man, James Delaney, is a deeply flawed and deeply troubled human being. Their greatest struggle will be against the East India Company which, throughout the 19th century, was the equivalent of the CIA, the NSA, and the biggest, baddest multinational corporation on earth, all rolled into one self-righteous, religiously-motivated monolith." Tirthankar Roy, an economic historian at the London School of Economics, argued that it gave an excessively negative view of the East India Company. Nick Robins, author of The Corporation That Changed the World, added that the organisation had made a positive contribution, but that by the time it was dissolved it had long "outlived its usefulness".
Awards and nominations
Home media
Season 1 was released in the United States and Canada by Echo Bridge Acquisition Corp, LLC (Echo Bridge Home Entertainment) on DVD and Blu-Ray on February 6, 2018 and in Europe by StudioCanal on May 29, 2017. The US/Canada DVD set consists of two discs while the European release is a three disc set. French and German dubbed releases were released on April 13, 2017 and May 9, 2017, respectively.
References
External links
Taboo at FX
2010s British drama television series
2017 British television series debuts
2017 British television series endings
BBC television dramas
English-language television shows
Television series by Scott Free Productions
Television series set in the 1810s
Television shows set in London
Television series created by Steven Knight
Incest in television
Clayrack Drainage Windmill is located at How Hill in the English county of Norfolk. It is on the east bank of the River Ant close to How Hill, a large Edwardian building which houses the Norfolk Broads Study Centre. The Drainage mill is 1¾ miles west of the village of Ludham.
Description
Clayrack Drainage Windmill is of an interesting design being one of only two ‘Hollow Post' drainage mills left on the broads and the only one fitted with a scoop wheel. The mill has a miniature cap, sails and fantail based on its more traditional big brother tower drainage mills which can be seen on other parts of the Norfolk Broads. Just to the south of this windmill on the same side of the river Ant is another small interesting drainage windmill called Boardman's Windmill. Clayrack takes its name from the Fen it stands on.
History
Clayrack drainage windmill is not on its original position. It was moved in 1981 from its previous site on Ranworth Marshes 2¾ miles to the south. The mill was in a terrible state of repair and was in danger of being lost for ever. It was decided that it was worth saving and a restoration program was set up. As Ranworth marsh hosted many nesting birds which would have been vulnerable to any disturbance caused by the work the decision was taken to move Clayrack windpump to its present position at How Hill. Now fully restored the mill can sometimes be seen operating in its original capacity as a drainage pump.
References
Windmills in Norfolk
Windmills of the Norfolk Broads
Post mills in the United Kingdom
Windpumps in the United Kingdom
Windmills completed in 1981
Ludham
Pericharaxis () was an inland town of ancient Mysia. Its name does not occur in ancient authors but is attested by epigraphic evidence.
Its site is located near Kadı Kale Çay in Asiatic Turkey.
References
Populated places in ancient Mysia
Former populated places in Turkey
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1974 season.
Overview
It was contested by 6 teams, and Havnar Bóltfelag won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Johannes de Limburgia (also Johannes de Lymburgia or Johannes Vinandi; fl. 1408–1430) was a Franco-Flemish School composer.
History
Their name indicates that they are from the Duchy of Limburg (or perhaps the city itself). They worked at churches in Liège in 1408–19, was succentor at Saint-Jean-l'Évangéliste there in 1426, and in Italy c. 1430, perhaps in Venice, or Vicenza and/or Padua, for which cities they wrote motets. Like Arnold and Hugo de Lantins they stand out among their contemporaries by virtue of the large number of their surviving works: about 50 in the Q15 Manuscript (Bologna, International museum and library of music) and a Mass Ordinary in the Trent Codices.
References
Renaissance composers
Male classical composers
People from Limburg (Belgium)
The House of Commons (Disqualification) Act 1693 (5 & 6 Will & Mary c 7) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The whole Act was repealed by section 14(1) of, and Part I of Schedule 4 to, the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1957.
The whole Act was repealed for the Republic of Ireland by section 3 of, and Schedule 1 to, the Electoral Act 1963. That Schedule describes the subject matter of this Act as "restriction on member of House of Commons from being concerned in collection of revenue".
See also
House of Commons Disqualification Act
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
External links
List of repeals in the Republic of Ireland, from the Irish Statute Book.
Acts of the Parliament of England
1693 in law
1693 in England
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning the House of Commons
Vishama Bhaga () () is a 2019 Sri Lankan Sinhala drama film directed by Lalith Rathnayake and produced by Ven. Aludeniye Subodhi Thero for Shraddha Film Productions. It stars twin brothers Pankaja Wickramarathna and Pansilu Wickramarathna in lead child roles with Jackson Anthony, Kaushalya Fernando and Hemasiri Liyanage in supportive roles. Music composed by Chamara Ruwanthilake. The film received positive reviews from critics and has been selected for more than 60 official award selections at international film festivals.
The film considered raising funds for "Pure Water for All" charity project to reduced chronic kidney disease in Sri Lanka. The film premiered at the 2019 Shanghai International Film Festival and later showed at Savoy Premier, Wellawatte on 15 December 2019. In December 2020, the film has been uploaded to the internet for the free viewing.
Plot
In a rural village in Sri Lanka, the family well becomes poisoned by agricultural chemicals. This subsequently leads to the untimely death of Ruwansiri's father who develops chronic kidney disease, leaving their mother works to support the family. At school, they struggle to understand their lessons in a rigid educational system that cannot go beyond rote learning. As an escape from the toxic environment around him, Ruwansiri finds solace in music.
Cast
Jackson Anthony as Hemachandra
Kaushalya Fernando as Heen Manika
Hemasiri Liyanage as Madiris
Thilakshini Ratnayake as Sakunthala
Priyantha Sirikumara as Bandara
Pankaja Wickramarathna as Kamalsiri
Pansilu Wickramarathna as Ruwansiri
Production
Shooting of the film was completed in 2018 and the post production process was completed in early 2019.
Acclaim
The Other Half was among the best five films at the 22nd Shanghai International Film Festival in June 2019 and nominated for the Best scriptwriter Award in the Asia New Talent Awards. The film won the First Time Director (Feature), Best Narrative Feature and Best Picture awards at the Festigious International Film Festival in Los Angeles. At the same festival, Pansilu Wickramaratna won the Best Young Actor award and Kaushalya Fernando won the Best Supporting Actress award.
The film won the titles of Best Supporting Actor by Jackson Anthony, Best Cinematographer by Palitha Perera, Best Director by Lalith Ratnayake and Best Narrative Film at Asian Cinematography International Film Festival in the Philippines.
In January 2020, Jackson Anthony won the award for the Best supporting actor at Fox International Film Festival held at Kolkata, India. In October 2020, director Lalith Rathnayake won the Award for Best Director at the Ostia International Film Festival.
The film won its 50th international award at the Out of the Can Film Festival in Britain. The film won the Best Producer for Ven. Aludeniye Subodhi Thero and nominated for the Best Non English Speaking Film and the Best Producer awards.
Songs
The film consists with one song and two poems. The song was composed by Lalith Ratnayake and poems composed by K.A. Milton Perera.
References
External links
The Other Half on Vimeo
2019 films
2010s Sinhala-language films
Daniel Dölschner (born January 9, 1976, in Frankfurt am Main) is a German poet and Haiku-writer.
Life and career
Daniel Dölschner was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1976. Growing up in Kronberg im Taunus, they studied for an eighteen-month stay in the state of Pennsylvania and a half year in Houston in the state of Texas, 1998–2003 American studies and philosophy at the Goethe University Frankfurt.
After their studies they worked as a freelance writer and Haiku poet. In 2004 their first Haiku book Die Hochhäuser im Rücken: Haiku und Senryu. The second book Neu gesehen: Haiku was published in the same year. In 2006, they were represented with their poetic texts in the love poetry anthology Die Jahreszeiten der Liebe in the Martin Werhand Verlag. In 2012 they were a haiku writer in addition to numerous other well-known German poets in the anthology Haiku hier und heute, 112 examples of German haiku poetry from the 21st century, published by Rainer Stolz and Udo Wenzel.
In 2006 the Bremer Straßenbahn AG under the direction of Dr. Joachim Tuz started a visual lyrical project called Poetry in Motion (Poesie bewegt) with many modern authors and their contemporary poems, Daniel Dölschner among them. In addition to the individual publications, Daniel Dölschners works appeared in various annual volumes, Quarterlies, Anthologies and Haiku journals.
Daniel Dölschner is a member of the German Haiku Society and works as freelance writer in Augsburg.
Publications (selection)
Books
Die Hochhäuser im Rücken: Haiku und Senryu. Minimart-Verlag, Frankfurt am Main, 2004, .
Neu gesehen: Haiku. Wiesenburg-Verlag, Schweinfurt, 2004, .
Anthologies (selection)
Haiku heute – Der Lärm des Herzens, Haiki Jahrbuch 2004, Edition Blaue Felder, Tübingen, April 2005, , P. 11
Vierteljahresschrift der Deutschen Haiku-Gesellschaft, 18. Volume, Band 70, October 2005, P. 28
Die Jahreszeiten der Liebe. Anthology, Martin Werhand Verlag, Melsbach 2006, .
Haiku hier und heute. Anthology, Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag, Munich 2012, .
See also
External links
Website Daniel Dölschner
Daniel Dölschner in: Hamburger Haiku Verlag
Daniel Dölschner in: Modern Haiku
Daniel Dölschner in: WorldCat
References
1976 births
Living people
Writers from Frankfurt
21st-century German poets
21st-century German male writers
German male poets
Haiku poets
The 2nd Regiment, Texas Infantry was an infantry regiment from Texas that served with Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. The regiment was organized by the then Captain John Creed Moore who would become the regiment's 1st Colonel. Many of the men were from Houston and Galveston.
Notable battles that the regiment has been involved in include the Battle of Shiloh, the Second Battle of Corinth, and the Siege of Vicksburg.
Second Battle of Corinth
The regiment assaulted Battery Robinett, a redan protected by a five-foot ditch, sporting three 20-pounder Parrott rifles commanded by Lt. Henry Robinett. Colonel William P. Rogers, a Mexican–American War comrade of President Jefferson Davis, was among those killed in the charge. Rogers seized their colors to keep them from falling again and jumped a five-foot ditch, leaving their dying horse and assaulted the ramparts of the battery. When canister shot killed him, they were the fifth bearer of their colors to fall that day.
Siege of Vicksburg
The regiment was distinguished for its defense of a crescent-shaped fortification, which came to be known as the Second Texas Lunette. The fortification was located in the center of the Vicksburg line of defense constructed to guard the Baldwin Ferry Road. The lunette was the subject of tremendous artillery bombardment and repeated Union assaults directed against the lunette on May 22, 1863.
References
External links
2nd Texas Infantry Regiment
2nd Texas Lunette at Vicksburg
Further reading
The Second Texas Infantry: From Shiloh to Vicksburg, Joseph Chance, Eakin Press, 1984
See also
Texas Civil War Confederate Units
Texas in the American Civil War
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Texas
South Korea competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
Archery
South Korea qualified seven archers for the Rio Games following their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships. This included two spots in the compound open, 1 for a man and 1 for a woman, four spots in the recurve open with 3 for men and 1 for a woman, and 1 spot for a woman in the W1 event.
Athletics
Boccia
South Korea qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport at the Hong Kong hosted 2015 BISFed Asia and Oceania Boccia Team and Pairs Championships in the BC3 Pair event. They claimed gold ahead of silver medalist Thailand and bronze medalists Singapore. The pair team included Jeong Ho-won, Kim Han-soo, and Kim Jun-yup, and they were ranked second in the world at the time. They entered qualification as the number one seed in Asia in their event.
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, South Korea qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Judo
Powerlifting
Rowing
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl. Shooters earned spots for their NPC. South Korea earned a qualifying spot at this event in the R1 – 10m Air Rifle standing men SH1 event as a result of Seungchul Lee winning a silver medal. Teammate Jinho Park set an Asian record in the R1 – 10m Air Rifle standing men SH1 qualifying round. South Korea qualified another shooter in the R7 – 50m rifle 3 positions Men SH1 event after Jinho Park won a bronze medal in this event. South Korea earned a spot in the P1 – 10m Air Pistol Men SH1 event after Heejung Lee won gold in the event. Jinho Park qualified South Korea for the R3 – 10Mm Air Rifle Prone Mix SH1 event.
Swimming
The top two finishers in each Rio medal event at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships earned a qualifying spot for their country for Rio. Giseong Jo earned South Korea a spot after winning gold in the Men's 200m Freestyle S4.
Table tennis
Wheelchair tennis
South Korea qualified two competitors in the men's single event, Im Ho-won and Ha-Gel Lee.The slots came about via a Bipartite Commission Invitation place. South Korea qualified one player in the women's singles event, Ju-Youn Park.
See also
South Korea at the Paralympics
South Korea at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in South Korean sport
George Johnson House may refer to:
George Johnson House (Calamus, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Clinton County, Iowa
George Johnson House (Lexington, Missouri), listed on the NRHP in Missouri
Leaves' Eyes is a symphonic metal band from Germany and Norway. They were formed in 2003 by Liv Kristine, formerly the lead singer of Theatre of Tragedy, and the entire line-up of Atrocity. To date, the band has released eight studio albums, a single, six EPs, one live album and a DVD.
Most Leaves' Eyes' lyrics, written by Liv Kristine until their departure in 2016, concern Norse mythology and the Viking Age. The melodic singing vocals of Liv Kristine and their replacement Elina Siirala are occasionally backed up by death growled vocals from Krull, identified under the vocal style Kristine refers to as "beauty and the beast".
History
Lovelorn (2003–2005)
Leaves' Eyes have often featured naturalistic themes in their music since the release of their 2004 debut album, Lovelorn. Many of the lyrics to this album were inspired not only by nature, but also by sagas and legends drawn from Norse mythology. The band was received well at Wave Gotik Treffen 2004, the band's stage premiere.
Every band member had previous professional experience in other musical endeavors for years before joining Leaves' Eyes, thus essentially making it a supergroup. Frontwoman Liv Kristine sang in the band Theatre of Tragedy from its inception in 1993 until their dismissal in 2003. This Norwegian band was one of the first to feature a female voice in the metal scene, and their club hit Tanz der Schatten became synonymous with the direction and expression of a whole musical genre. In addition, Liv Kristine was present in the pop music scene and sang the songs to TV hits such as Tatort and Schimanski. The supporting members of the band hail from the death metal band Atrocity.
Vinland Saga (2005–2009)
One year after Lovelorn, Leaves' Eyes released the follow-up album Vinland Saga in 2005, inspired by Viking Leif Eriksson. The album's first single, Elegy, charted in Germany for four consecutive weeks. Television station ProSieben used Elegy as the official song for the TV series NUMB3RS.
In addition to their studio endeavors, Leaves' Eyes also tours extensively. In the course of four years, the band traveled through four continents and 34 countries and played 222 concerts. The Live DVD We Came with the Northern Winds: En Saga i Belgia entered the German DVD charts at number 11 in 2009. This exclusive package documented the history of the band and features the concert at the Metal Female Voices Festival in 2007. This headline show was performed with complex props, including a Viking longship on stage.
Njord (2009–2011)
Njord was released in 2009, continuing the band's success in the charts. The album's first single My Destiny soon became the successor to the anthem Elegy. Njord was critically acclaimed as "an epic masterpiece". The album was done in a much more modern style than those previous, and featured symphonic metal tracks of increasing complexity with the help of the Lingua Mortis Orchestra directed by Victor Smolski. Many of the lyrics were inspired by the English traditional "Scarborough Fair". The band's live performances were as equally successful throughout Europe and North America as their studio work. For the Special Fan Edition of Njord, Leaves' Eyes recorded the At Heaven's End EP in 2010.
Meredead (2011–2013)
One year later, Leaves' Eyes released their fourth studio album, Meredead. Produced by Alexander Krull, the artists combined folk elements from previous albums to inspire the mood of Meredead.
The opening track, "Spirits' Masquerade", uses folk instrumentation to refine the album's varied sound. The tracks Étaín and Sigrlinn lyrically recount the mysticism of past cultures and are supported by uileann pipes. The album also features more traditional-sounding songs, such as Nystev and Kråkevisa. The latter makes use of the Scandinavian nyckelharpa, or keyed fiddle. Also present on the album is a cover of To France, an interpretation of the tragedy and emotion of Mike Oldfield's classic track. Maite Itoiz and John Kelly (Elfenthal), Carmen Elise Espenæs (Midnattsol), the Norwegian Anette Guldbrandsen, and Victor Smolski's Lingua Mortis Orchestra once again provide supporting vocals and instrumentation.
The EP Melusine in 2011 was a special release in co-operation with German Sonic Seducer Magazine.
Symphonies of the Night (2013–2015)
It was announced through an interview with Valkryian Music, that Leaves' Eyes had begun writing new material for their fifth studio album which they hoped to release spring 2013. On January 7, 2013 the band announced on their official Facebook page that the title of their fifth studio album would be Symphonies of the Night.
On March 23, 2013, Leaves' Eyes announced on their official Facebook page that vocal recording had begun, with the statement:
At the moment Liv Kristine is tracking vocals for the up-coming Leaves' Eyes album:
"The recording sessions at Mastersound studios are so much fun, as well as being highly intense.
Today I recorded an amazing and classically influenced new song. We are all very excited about the songs for the new album."
On May 9, 2013, the band announced that the vocal recordings were finished and that Alexander Krull had begun the mix of the album:
Good news from Mastersound Studio: The vocal recordings for all songs of our up-coming release "Symphonies of the Night" have just been completed. Moreover, Alex is already busy with the mix of the album. We have taken a great inspirational step since the production of "Meredead", both sound-wise and vocal-wise. It has been such a pleasure evolving in my singing techniques and knowledge and I thank my band members for "giving me an inspirational kick" when I needed to gain momentum behind the microphone. "Symphonies of the Night" is hauntingly dream-like and heavy to the core!'
The band premiered the first new song off of the album, titled "Hell to the Heavens", at Summer Breeze Festival.
Artwork for the new album was released on August 26, 2013. A few days later, the band released a video saying that they would be performing in Metal Female Voices Fest 2013. A teaser of the studio version of Hell to the Heavens was also in the video.
King of Kings and departure of Liv Kristine (2015–2016)
Leaves' Eyes stated that in 2015, that they would release a new album entitled King of Kings, and it would feature the London Voices choir and guest vocals by Simone Simons of Epica. It would also their first release on AFM Records after parting ways with their long-time label, Napalm Records. King of Kings is a concept album that centers around the sagas of Norway's first king, Harald Fairhair (Harald Hårfagre). In an interview with Sonic Cathedral webzine, Liv Kristine discussed their inspiration for the album:The nicest thing for me is that it is said in the sagas that Harald became the first king of Norway, after they won a battle that took place in one of the Norwegian fjords called Hafrsfjord. You know, that is a very important place – not only for the history of Norway – but also for me, because I was born there. So, this album is a concept album, but it's also a very PERSONAL album. The first official video off King of Kings is for the track, "The Waking Eye", which was filmed in Norway (for the background scenes) and in Germany (for the action scenes). The Viking reenactment group, Værjaborg, supplied 40-plus members for the battle and action sequences. Leaves' Eyes considers "The Waking Eye" to be their most ambitious video to date.
On April 15, 2016, the band announced they had parted ways with lead-vocalist and co-founder Liv Kristine. Since then both parties have given different accounts about how the split happened with the band stating a decision on Kristine's departure was taken in January. While it was stated this had been a mutual decision, Kristine disputed this and indicated they were dismissed and it was not their decision. Legal proceedings have started.
Arrival of Elina Siirala and Sign of the Dragonhead (2016–2019)
On April 15, 2016, the band announced Finnish singer Elina Siirala as their new lead vocalist. On April 18, 2016, Siirala made their debut with the band at the Hammersonic festival in Jakarta. A tour edition of the album King of Kings appeared on June 3, 2016.
On October 7, 2016 the band released the EP "Fires in the North" which featured the brand-new song as well as three re-recorded songs from "King of Kings" with Siirala on vocals. Following the release of the EP the band embarked on a North American tour in support of Sabaton. On November 27, 2017 the band announced that the new album Sign of the Dragonhead. The same day that the album was announced, the title track was released as the lead single. The song "Across the Sea" was released as the album's second single on December 31, 2017 with an accompanying music video. The band released "Jomsborg" as the album's third single on January 11, 2018.
"Sign of the Dragonhead" was released on January 12, 2018. The band toured throughout Europe in support of the album and on August 30, 2018 released the song "Riders on the Wind" as the album's fourth and final single. The music video for the song showcased footage taken during the Sign of the Dragonhead Tour. On September 7, 2018, a tour edition of "Sign of the Dragonhead" was released which included the "Riders on the Wind" physical single.
The Last Viking and departure of Thorsten Bauer (2020–present)
The Last Viking was released on October 23, 2020. The album followed the trend towards folk metal and historical lyrics. On May 23, 2021, the band announced the addition of bassist Andre Nasso. On 29 December 2021, it was announced that Thorsten Bauer would leave the band by the end of 2021.
Band members
Current members
Alexander Krull – keyboards, backing vocals (2003–present)
Joris Nijenhuis – drums (2013–present)
Elina Siirala – lead vocals (2016–present)
Micki Richter – rhythm guitars (2019–present)
Andre Nasso – bass guitar (2021–present)
Live members
Oliver Holzwarth – bass (2009)
Niels Löffler – bass (2011–2015)
Gijs Coolen – bass (2015–2016)
Ferry Duijsens – bass (2016–2020)
Past members
Martin Schmidt – drums (2003–2004)
Chris Lukhaup – bass (2003–2007)
Mathias Röderer – guitars (2003–2010)
Liv Kristine Espenæs – lead vocals (2003–2016)
Nicholas Barker – drums (2004–2008)
Moritz Neuner – drums (2005–2007)
Alla Fedynitch – bass (2007–2010)
Seven Antonopoulos – drums (2008–2010)
Roland Navratil – drums (2010–2012)
J.B. van der Wal – bass (2010–2013)
Sander van der Meer – guitars (2010–2015)
Felix Born – drums (2012–2013)
Pete Streit – guitars (2015–2019)
Thorsten Bauer – guitars, bass (2003–2021)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
EPs
Music videos
Awards
Best DVD "En Saga I Belgia" Metal Female Voices Festival 2009
References
External links
Official website
German gothic metal musical groups
German symphonic metal musical groups
Norwegian gothic metal musical groups
Norwegian symphonic metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2003
2003 establishments in Norway
2003 establishments in Germany
Musical groups from Stavanger
Musical groups from Baden-Württemberg
Napalm Records artists
Articles which contain graphical timelines
"Família" is the seventh single by Brazilian rock band Titãs, released in 1987. The song is about the everyday issues of a family.
It was once covered by Molejo on their 1998 album Família. The song was featured on the Rede Manchete telenovela Corpo Santo.
In 2013, bass player and vocalist Nando Reis (now an ex-member) recorded a new version of the song with their sons Théo and Sebastião. The new version is being used as the opening theme of the 2013 season of Rede Globo's Malhação. While Sebastião played acoustic guitar, Nando Reis and Théo sang, sharing the same microphone, like The Beatles used to do, "in order to create a more familiar atmosphere", according to Reis.
Personnel
Nando Reis — lead vocals, bass
Arnaldo Antunes — backing vocals
Branco Mello — backing vocals
Paulo Miklos — backing vocals
Marcelo Fromer — lead guitar
Tony Bellotto — rhythm and lead guitar
Sérgio Britto — keyboards
Charles Gavin — drums
Liminha — rhythm guitar
References
1987 singles
Titãs songs
1986 songs
Reggae songs
Songs written by Tony Bellotto
Annika Elisabeth Small is a social entrepreneur focused on using digital technologies to address social challenges. Issues targeted include healthcare, social isolation, homelessness, domestic abuse and persistent poverty. Examples include online peer mentoring for those experiencing bullying, the first online clinical research trial, the iDEA programme for young digital entrepreneurs and new forms of micro-volunteering to help those experiencing loneliness are some examples. Small is the founder of CAST and former Chief Executive of Nominet Trust.
Prior to Nominet Trust, Small founded and led the Tony Blair Institute's global education programme, Generation Global, where they used digital technologies to bring together young people of different cultures around the world to learn directly with, from and about each other. Prior to this, Small was Chief Executive of Futurelab, an educational R&D organisation chaired by Lord Puttnam, which develops radically new approaches to teaching and learning. Small is a recipient of a BETT Award for special achievement in education and technology
Small is a member of BAFTA and a Fellow of the RSA. They have been Chair of the University of Chichester, a non-executive of Wey Education and a Trustee of Founders4Schools. They have also been a Trustee of the Design Council, a non-executive Director of Lightful and Senior Independent Director of the Access Foundation.  They are currently a Trustee at the John Ellerman Foundation and a non-executive Director of Care Unbound.
References
External links
Nominet Trust Website
Living people
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Year of birth missing (living people)
Maria Milagros "Mitos" Habana-Magsaysay (born January 4, 1964), is a Filipino politician who served as Congresswoman of the 1st district of Zambales from 2004 to 2013, and was a senatorial candidate of the United Nationalist Alliance in the 2013 election.
Political career
They were a representative from the 1st District of Zambales for 3 consecutive terms.
Mitos Magsaysay claimed in February 2013 that the Liberal Party was using arm-twisting tactics on some politicians and local executives who are friendly to United Nationalist Alliance (UNA).
On November 27, 2018, Magsaysay officially filed their certificate of candidacy for Congresswoman of the 1st district of Zambales and Olongapo City. To reclaim their seat in the House of Representatives, they were up against incumbent 1st District Congressman Jeffrey Khonghun who was gunning for their 3rd and last term as representative of the first district of Zambales. They were a Partido Federal ng Pilipinas (PFP) candidate and, after the 2019 elections, lost to Khonghun by more than 68,000 votes.
Personal life
 They are married to Jesus Vicente Magasaysay, son of former Zambales Governor Vicente Magsaysay.
References
1964 births
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from Zambales
Lakas–CMD politicians
Lakas–CMD (1991) politicians
People from Zambales
Living people
PDP–Laban politicians
United Nationalist Alliance politicians
Mitos
Partido Federal ng Pilipinas politicians
The Major General of the Defence Staff (, , acronym: M.G.A.) is a high ranking general officer of the French Armed Forces and the deputy to the Chief of the Defence Staff. As such, it is the second highest position in the armed forces. Major Generals are nominated by the Minister of the Armed Forces and appointed by the Commander-in-Chief, the President of the French Republic. The designation of Major General is not indicative of any rank but is rather a position, as the most recent office holders were all five stars generals (OF-9).
History
The office was established on 28 April 1948, during the reorganization of the French higher hierarchy.
Duties
The major general leads the Defence Staff and is assisted by three general officers: the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations (OPS), the Deputy Chief of Staff for Planning (PLANS) and the Deputy Chief of Staff for Performance (PERF).
They replace the chief of staff when necessary. As a flag officer, they are the commanding officer of the Site of Balard, headquarters of the French Armed Forces and the Ministry of the Armed Forces.
Office holders
References
Notes
Military of France
French military staff
French generals
Yuthok Nyingthig (Wylie transliteration: g.yu thog snying thig) is a tantric cycle composed (or re-discovered) by Yuthok Yontan Gonpo the Younger. It is a system of Buddhist practice which combines Traditional Tibetan medicine and Vajrayāna practices. These are the primary Vajrayāna practices of Tibetan medicine practitioners.
The Yuthok Nyingthig cycle of texts contains practices such as Yuthok Nyingthig Guru Accomplishment: Compassionate Sunlight for Dispersing Suffering's Darkness ().
Description of the text and practices
The practices are a part of a () family lineage, and were handed down through the Yuthok family until they were taught to Sumtön Yeshe Zung (), the heart disciple of Yuthok Yontan Gonpo the Younger. More recent lineage holders include the late Khenpo Truro Tsenam, the late Khenpo Tsultrim Gyaltsen, and Micho Khedrub Gyatso Rinpoche. Dr. Nida Chenagstang (lce nag tshang nyi zla they ru ka), Micho Khedrub Gyatso Rinpoche, and Gyetrul Jigme Rinpoche have taught or are continuing to teach this lineage as well.
The Yuthok Nyingthig is a complete Vajrayāna cycle, including ngöndro, generation stage (bskyed rim) practices including four forms of Yuthok guru yoga and practices of Deva (i.e., yi dam) and Ḍākinī (mkha' 'gro ma), and completion stage (rdzogs rim) practices including the Six Yogas and Dzogchen.
The cycle includes additional practices such as mendrub (sman sgrub) or rituals for empowering and blessing medicine, healing and protection mantras, several pūjās, long-life practices, Medical Protectors including Shanglön (zhang blon), and instructions on a form of pulse diagnosis. Lastly, there are fifteen topics addressing diagnosis and treatment within Traditional Tibetan Medicine.
These practices have been of interest to academics studying the evolution of Tibetan medicine and mindfulness-based practices. A translation project by the National University of Natural Medicine and the Sorig Institute seeks to translate the work from Tibetan into English.
References
External links
The Yukthok Nyingthig, A Perfect Journey to the Rainbow Body
Tibetan Buddhist practices
Tibetan medicine
Buddhist tantras
Raphitoma brunneofasciata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
References
Pusateri F., Giannuzzi-Savelli R. & Oliverio M. 2013. A revision of the Mediterranean Raphitomidae 2: On the sibling species Raphitoma lineolata (B.D.D., 1883) and Raphitoma smriglioi n. sp. Iberus, 31(1): 11-20 page(s): 18;
External links
Gastropods.com: Raphitoma brunneofasciata
Biolib.cz: Raphitoma brunneofasciata
brunneofasciata
Gastropods described in 2013
Koshkin is a Russian surname, which means "cat" or cat owner", from the Russian word koshka or "cat". An alternative spelling is Koshkyn, and a name with the same meaning is Kotov. The name Koshkin may refer to:
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Koshkin (born 1941), Russian football player
Aleksandr Koshkyn (1959– 2012), Russian boxer
Dmitriy Koshkin (born 1986), Kazakh skier
Ivan Fyodorovich Koshkin (died 1427), Russian nobleman
Mikhail Koshkin (1898–1940), Russia tank designer
Nikita Koshkin (born 1956), Russian classical guitarist and composer
Zakhary Ivanovich Koshkin (died 1461), Russian nobleman
References
Russian-language surnames
Harnashak (, also Romanized as Harnāshak and Hernāshk) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 22 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
AMOS-6 was an Israeli communications satellite, one of the Spacecom AMOS series, that was built by Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI), a defense and aerospace company.
AMOS-6 was intended to be launched on Flight 29 of a SpaceX Falcon 9 to geostationary transfer orbit (GTO) on 3 September 2016. On 1 September 2016, during the run-up to a static fire test, there was an anomaly on the launch pad, resulting in an explosion and the loss of the vehicle and AMOS-6. There were no injuries.
Terminology
AMOS stands for "Affordable Modular Optimized Satellite" and is also an allusion to the prophet Amos. This spacecraft is the second implementation of the AMOS-4000 satellite bus, the first was the AMOS-4. It is one of a AMOS series of satellites built by Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI).
History
Spacecom, the AMOS satellites operator, announced in June 2012 that it had signed a US$195 million contract to build AMOS-6, the newest addition to the AMOS constellation, with Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI). In January 2013, Spacecom announced that they had signed a contract with SpaceX for the 2015 launch of the AMOS-6 satellite on a Falcon 9 launch vehicle. AMOS-6 was intended to replace the AMOS-2 satellite, planned to be retired in 2016. During 2015 Spacecom announced the launch date had slipped to mid-2016. A final launch date was set for 3 September 2016.
Under the deal with Spacecom, state-owned IAI was contracted to build AMOS-6 and its ground control systems, as well as provide operating services. Spacecom estimated that the cost of launching, insuring and one year's operation of AMOS-6 would be US$85 million.
The AMOS-6 included payload components from various sub-contractors including Canada's MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates, which built the communications payload, and Thales Alenia Space ETCA for the electric propulsion. The satellite "[incorporated] new technologies that represent a significant leap forward in the capabilities of IAI and the state of Israel in space", according to IAI's president.
Lease to external customers
In October 2015, social media company Facebook and satellite fleet operator Eutelsat agreed to pay Spacecom US$95 million over a period of about five years for the lease of the Ka-band spot-beam broadband capacity — 36 regional spotbeams with a throughput of about 18 Gbit/s — on AMOS-6 to provide service for Facebook and a new Eutelsat subsidiary focusing on African businesses. Costs would be divided in approximately equal shares between Eutelsat and Facebook. The parties agreed to the right to terminate the contract if AMOS-6 and the ground gateways in France, Italy and Israel were not ready for service by 1 January 2017. The lease was for the use of the satellite until September 2021, with an option for a two-year extension at a reduced rate. After a technical analysis, including an assessment of customer power requirements, Facebook and Eutelsat concluded that only 18 out of the 36 Ka-band spot beams could be used simultaneously without sacrificing user experience.
Destruction
On 1 September 2016, during propellant loading for a routine test, the Falcon 9 launch vehicle suffered an anomaly that destroyed the vehicle and its AMOS-6 payload. The explosion started near the upper stage LOX (liquid oxygen) tank. Because the satellite was destroyed prior to the launch, the cost of the satellite was not covered by Spacecom's insurance policy, but rather by the manufacturer, IAI. IAI had its own insurance and filed a claim in order to compensate Spacecom. Spacecom's contract with SpaceX specified that Spacecom could choose to receive US$50 million, or a future flight at no cost. Spacecom chose the future flight to launch AMOS-17.
News reports in early November 2016 indicated that SpaceX had determined the root cause for the anomaly, that it was straightforwardly fixable, and that SpaceX would return to flight in December 2016. On 2 January 2017, SpaceX released an official statement indicating that the cause of the failure was a buckled liner in several of the Composite overwrapped pressure vessel (COPV) tanks, causing perforations that allowed liquid and/or solid oxygen to accumulate underneath the lining, which was ignited by friction.
See also
List of Falcon 9 launches
References
External links
Amos-Spacecom
AMOS-6
Communication satellites of Israel
2016 in spaceflight
Satellite launch failures
Space accidents and incidents in the United States
SpaceX commercial payloads
2016 in Israel
Facebook
Edward Fenner (died 1612) was an English judge.
Fenner was the son of John Fenner of Crawley, Sussex, by Ellen, daughter of Sir William Goring of Burton, was called to the bar at the Middle Temple, and was reader in the autumn of 1576. They were M.P. for Lewes in 1571 and Shoreham in 1572. They became a serjeant in Michaelmas term 1577, and enjoyed a large practice. They were appointed a judge of the king's bench on 26 May 1590, and was Justice of the Peace for Surrey. Though not a prominent member of the court, they were in the commission upon several state trials, and, before becoming a judge, was present as a justice of the peace at the trial of John Udall, January 1590.
In 1593 they tried three witches in Huntingdonshire, and a pamphlet account of this trial was published. In January 1608 they received a grant of an annuity of 50 pounds during the time their services on circuit were discontinued. They died 23 January 1612, and was buried at St Mary the Virgin Church, Hayes in Middlesex. They had one son, Edward, who died without issue in 1615.
References
External links
Pamphlet: THE MOST STRANGE AND ADMIRABLE DISCOUERIE OF THE THREE WITCHES OF WARBOYS
Year of birth missing
16th-century births
1612 deaths
People from Crawley
16th-century English judges
17th-century English judges
Members of the Middle Temple
People from Surrey (before 1889)
English MPs 1571
English MPs 1572–1583
Serjeants-at-law (England)
Liwayway Holdings Company Limited, doing business as Oishi ( ), is a snack company based in the Philippines. Its headquarters are in Pasay in Metro Manila. As of 2018, it is headed by Carlos Chan. In China, the company is known as Oishi Shanghaojia (上好佳OISHI).
History
Oishi, started in 1946 as Liwayway, was originally a family-owned corn starch () and coffee repacking business. The name of the business, "Liwayway," meaning "dawn" in Tagalog, was selected to reflect the optimism of the Philippines following the aftermath of World War II. By 1966, in addition to distributing starch, the company also was distributing basic commodities, coffee, and confectioneries. It was incorporated as the Liwayway Marketing Corporation (LMC) in 1966.
Brothers Carlos and Manuel Chan, at the time, were behind the company. Their brother Ben is the founder of Bench, a Philippine clothing brand. As Chinese Filipinos, the parents of the Chan brothers are immigrants to the Philippines from Jinjiang county, Quanzhou, Fujian Province, China.
The company began distributing Oishi Prawn Crackers and Kirei Yummy Flakes in 1974. The company claims to have used technology from Japan to make the products.
Expansion
Carlos Chan began prospecting on the expansion of Oishi to China in 1984, following the liberalization of the Chinese economy under Deng Xiaoping starting in 1978. Liwayway went under the name Oishi Shanghaojia, appending "Shanghaojia" (上好佳) to Oishi which means "top grade and high quality" in Chinese. It entered a joint venture with two state-owned Chinese firms and opened its first overseas manufacturing plant in Pudong, Shanghai The company's China division set up its headquarters in Qingpu District, Shanghai. To improve distribution in China, the company established a factory network there. Oishi also established a presence in Vietnam in 1997 and in Myanmar in 1999. In 2006, factories were opened in Indonesia and Thailand.
Interlink Direct Ltd. imports Oishi products from China to the United Kingdom.
Reception
In 2006, Oishi Shanghaojia was recognized as a "China Famous Brand". It was also the first non-Chinese company to be given the "Shanghai Famous Brand Award".
References
External links
Oishi
Oishi China
Oishi China (oishi-tm.com) (Archive)
San Juan, Thelma Sioson. "The Pinoy chips that conquered China." Philippine Daily Inquirer. Sunday March 18, 2012.
Drink companies of the Philippines
Snack food manufacturers of the Philippines
Food and drink companies of the Philippines
Companies based in Pasay
Food and drink companies established in 1946
Philippine brands
Holy Trinity Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Westfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1903. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Holy Trinity - Diocesan Information
Holy Trinity - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Chou Yen-sheng (born 28 February 1931) is a Taiwanese former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1931 births
Possibly living people
Taiwanese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Taiwan
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
The 1822 special election for Maine's 2nd congressional district was to select the successor for Representative Ezekiel Whitman (F), who resigned from their position on June 1, 1822. Mark Harris won the election, and took their seat on December 2, 1822.
Election results
References
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
1822 and 1823 United States House of Representatives elections
List of United States representatives from Maine
1822 02
Maine 1822 02
Maine 02
United States House of Representatives 02
United States House of Representatives 1822 02
Maine 02
Pignola is an Italian town in the province of Potenza in Basilicata. It borders to the east with Anzi, to the south-west with Abriola, to the west with Tito and to the north with Potenza. The Pignolese territory extends for 55.51 km² and has an altitude ranging from 700 m of Pantano-Petrucco to 927 m of the inhabited center, up to 1476 m of Mount Serranetta which represents the highest point of the Pignolese territory. It has 6,962 inhabitants.
The municipality includes fourteen hamlets: Masseria Coviello, Campo di Giorgio, Molino di Capo, Mulino di Piede, Pantano, Petrucco, Piancardillo, Ponte Mallardo, Pozzillo, Rifreddo, Sciffra, Serra San Marco, Tora, Tuorno, and is divided into two parts: the historic center upstream, and the Pantano, near the lake of the same name and the WWF oasis. The area is of high seismic hazard. The area is mainly wooded and there are numerous streams that feed the Basento; there are also numerous drinking springs but not noteworthy for the small amount of water. A few steps from the hamlet of Pantano at 770 m above sea level, there is a lake, Lake Pantano di Pignola, protected by a nature reserve and originating from an ancient swamp reclaimed in the first half of the twentieth century.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Grand Désert is a small Acadian community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Route 207 situated between West Chezzetcook and Seaforth. It is one of the five villages located along the Chezzetcook Inlet. The name of the community came from the Acadian word Désert meaning "land of no trees". The population in 2003 was 315.
History
Ancestors of the native Mi'kmaq lived along these shores for thousands of years prior to the arrival of the Europeans.
It is known that Vikings traveled in this part of the world in the year 1000 and that Portuguese, French and Basque fishermen were frequenting these shores in search of the plentiful cod in the late 15th century and early 16th century. In 1524 Giovanni da Verrazzano explored the coastline from Cape Breton to Florida for King Francis I of France and Jacques Cartier followed in 1534-36. In 1604 Henry IV granted a monopoly on these lands to Pierre Dugua, Sieur de Mons and the entire area was known as La Cadie or L'Acadie.
It has been suggested that Acadians were living in this area as early as 1740 and by the 1750s the Chezzetcook Inlet was home to 10 Acadian families. It is also known that by the beginning of the 1770s, there were 12 Acadian families who had made their way here.
The loyalty of all Acadians was a concern for the British in the 1750s, as they concentrated their efforts to establish a presence on the Atlantic seaboard. In the fall of 1755, the deportation (also referred to as the Great Expulsion) of the Acadians was authorized and carried out by the British under the command of Lieutenant-Governor Charles Lawrence. Many Acadians were deported and their valuable cultivated lands, houses and livestock were seized. Some, between 1758 and 1762, were brought to Halifax as prisoners. Those not deported were allowed to resettle in the province.
A few made their way to Chezzetcook Inlet and their names are reflected in the population of Grand Désert today: LaPierre, Bellefontaine and Wolfe. Other Acadian families trace their roots to the Cape Breton Acadians who were granted permission to settle in the Chezzetcook area. The family names represented in this group are: Petipas, Roma, Bonin (Bonang), Manet, and Mayet. The Breau and Bonnevie families came from the island of Miquelon and the Julien family descends from a soldier of the Napoleonic Wars. With the signing of the Treaty of Paris (1763), the Acadian population was allowed to live in peace in Nova Scotia. Many deported Acadians were granted permission to return to Nova Scotia and their number slowly grew. There were 47 families on the Chezzetcook Inlet by 1815.
Grand Desert Beach - Cold War Era Bombing Grounds
From 1951 to 1983, the Canadian Armed Forces used the southern-most portion of Grand Desert beach - a now eroded land mass known as Cape Antrim - as an air-to-surface target practice site known as the Chezzetcook Air Weapons Range.
The Department of National Defense expropriated the land for use until it was leased officially from the Halifax Regional Municipality in 1962. At the outset, the ordinance used at the range were surplus munitions left over from WWII. Bombing targets ranged from rings made with beach stones to brightly painted decommissioned tanks. Target runs were flown in a seaward direction so that ricocheting ordinance would deflect into the ocean, rather than onto the land.
In 1984, the DND declared the Chezzetcook Air Weapons Range surplus to its requirements and made plans to return it to HRM pending a Range Clearance Certificate.
The DnD sends members of the Canadian Armed Forces to clear ordinance as it is unearthed - in 1995, a decade after the closure of the range, 10 tonnes of ordinance were removed in that year alone. In August 2020, CAF personnel again surveyed the land to check for any possible Unexploded Explosive Ordinance (UXO) or scrap. As of 2021 the land is still banked by the DND as it has not yet been fully cleared.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Marc Thompson may refer to:
Marc Thompson (cyclist) (born 1953), American cyclist
Marc Thompson (footballer) (born 1982), English footballer
Marc Thompson (voice actor) (born 1975), American voice actor
See also
Mark Thompson (disambiguation)
Mirza Huseyn Afandi Qayibov () - Azerbaijani clergyman, literary critic, publicist, enlightener and Mufti of the Caucasus (1884-1917). They were the author of 4-volume work on Azerbaijani literature.
Early life
Mirza Huseyn was born in 1830, Ashaga-Salakhly village to a clerical family. Their father Molla Yusuf was the village mullah. However, they were orphaned at an early age and grew up under the care of their uncle Ibrahim, a village mullah. Having received their primary education from teacher Mohammad Musazadeh, Huseyn was well versed in religious sciences, Arabic, Persian and Turkish, as well as Eastern literature and history. After graduating, they worked as teacher from 1847 to 1857 in their native village.
Career
They were employed by Mufti of the Caucasus, Mahammad Afandi (1857-1872) on July 25, 1857 at the three-year Muslim clerical school in Tbilisi. In February 1858, they began teaching Sharia and Oriental languages here. They befriended Akhundzadeh and Chavchavadze who were the prominent intellectuals of Caucasus living in Tbilisi during this period. They rose to the rank of Governorate Secretary with seniority from January 31 of 1864 with 1858 ruble wage. They were sent to Erzurum at the disposal of the commander of the active corps in to perform as Turkish language translator on February 16, 1878.
They were later transferred to the Transcaucasian Teachers Seminary in 1879. As the first teacher of Arabic and Persian at the seminary, they opened a school for the poor in Tbilisi at their own expense, and later, in the early 20th century, expanded it to become a six-grade "Mufti-Islamic School". They awarded scholarships to 43 Azerbaijanis during their career until 1883. They were relieved of teaching at the end of 1883 and appointed Mufti of the Caucasus, a position they held until March 1917.
They died on 20 February 1917. After their death, the Spiritual Administration of the Caucasus lost its function due to the collapse of the imperial system. According to Aliagha Shikhlinski, they were "completely free from nationalist prejudices. Loving their people, they did not harbor any hostility towards other nations. As a believing Muslim, they knew how to respect someone else's religion, had friends among the Russian, Georgian and Armenian clergy."
Works
Qayibov was also known as the author of several articles and books. They prepared textbooks on mathematics "Masaili-ammil-hesab" (General issues of arithmetic) and linguistic work "Mabdei-talimi-sibyan" (Beginning for teenagers) for newcomers to the Muslim madrasa. They wrote a 9-part book "Tövsiyyətnamə" (Recommendations), in which they collected many proverbs, riddles and words of wisdom.
They also collaborated with Adolf Berge on their 4 volume work on Azerbaijani literature. The book contains examples from the works of 109 Azerbaijani poets who lived in the 18th and 19th centuries. The book was published in 1868, Leipzig. Other works by Qayibov include:
“Zübtədül-Əhkamuş-şəriyyə” (Selected Verdicts on Shariah)
“Nümuneyi-ləhceyi-Azərbaycan” (Examples of Azerbaijani dialects)
“Müqəddəs tarix və sərfnəhv” (Sacred history)
Family
Mirza Huseyn was married to Saadat Khanum, daughter of their kinsman Abdulkarim Qayibov with whom they had many issues:
Nadir bey Qayibov (b. 25 September 1874) — married Khadija Gayibova
Bahadir bey (22 October 1878 - 1949) — married Varvara Minayevna
Nigar Shikhlinskaya (1878-1931) — the first Azerbaijani nurse, married Dervish-bek Palavandov, then Aliagha Shikhlinski
Jahangir bey (9 March 1882 - 1937) — married Ziba khanum Qajar (20 June 1889 - 1964), daughter of Amir Kazim Mirza Qajar
Gowhar Gayibova (b. 8 May 1885) — married with Ibrahim aga Usubov in 1910
Nigar Usubova
Awards
Order of St. Anna - 1st (15 January 1909), 2nd and 3rd classes
Order of St. Stanislaus for non-Christians - 1st (27 June 1896), 2nd (25 December 1875) and 3rd classes (5 January 1868)
Order of St. Vladimir - 3rd (1 January 1887) and 4th degrees (1 January 1883)
Medal "In memory of the Russian-Turkish war of 1877-1878"
Medal of the Red Cross (1878)
Medal "In Commemoration of the Coronation of Emperor Alexander III" (1883)
Silver Medal Medal "In Commemoration of the Coronation of Emperor Nicholas II" (1896)
Dark bronze medal for works on the general population census of 1897
Immaculate Service Insignia (22 August 1898)
Order of the Lion and the Sun, 2nd degree with a star (18 May 1900)
References
External links
Azerbaijani-language writers
20th-century Persian-language writers
Writers from the Russian Empire
1830 births
1917 deaths
People from Qazax
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 1st class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 1st class
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 4th class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd class
19th-century Persian-language writers
The Oak Hill is a historic plantation house located at Colonial Heights, Virginia. It was built in 1825–1826, and is a one-story, frame dwelling with Greek Revival style interior decorative details. It originally had an "H" shape, but was subsequently expanded with several additions. It features a distinctive elongated octagonal wing at the west end, inspired by nearby Violet Bank.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
References
External links
Oak Hill, 151 Carroll Avenue, Colonial Heights, Colonial Heights, VA: 6 photos and 2 data pages at Historic American Buildings Survey
Plantation houses in Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses completed in 1826
Greek Revival houses in Virginia
Houses in Colonial Heights, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Colonial Heights, Virginia
1826 establishments in Virginia
The Groove Kings are a Canadian band from Montreal consisting of Irene Marc (lead singer), and Howard Forman. Marc and Forman founded the band in 1992; they have released three albums and their CDs produced top-40 and top- 20 hits through the 1990s.
History
The Groove Kings formed in 1992 and released their first self-titled album in 1993. The album was released in Canada by the label Virtual Music, then in 1994 in Australia by Opulent Music. The single from this album was ""Everybody Knows".
In 1994, the band released their second album, Into the Groove Age, on Wise To You Music. The single "Tell Me" appeared on the RPM Top Singles and Adult Contemporary charts regularly during 1994 and 1995.
In November 2009, their third full-length album Blood Red was released by the UK's North Star Music Publishing.
On April 23, 2010 Groove Kings were voted Group/Duo of the Year at the Canadian Smooth Jazz Awards. Forman had been nominated for Best Original Composition, Marc had been nominated Female Vocalist of the Year, and Blood Red had been nominated Album of the Year.
References
External links
Canadian contemporary R&B musical groups
Hamzehlu Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,748, in 1,400 families. The rural district has 24 villages including Penderjohn, Sion, Zanjirak, Mahoorzan, and Chogan.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Khomeyn County
Jonas Sela (born January 23, 1984 in Bensberg) is a German football player, they are a goalkeeper for SC Fortuna Köln.
Career
They spent two seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FSV Mainz 05.
References
External links
Official Pizco.com Site
Profile at FSV 05.de - Online-Archiv des 1. FSV Mainz 05
1984 births
Living people
German footballers
SC Fortuna Köln players
1. FSV Mainz 05 players
MVV Maastricht players
Association football goalkeepers
Bundesliga players
Keiffer J. Hubbell (born January 15, 1989) is an American ice dancer. They competed with their sister Madison Hubbell from 2001 to 2011. They are the 2010 Four Continents bronze medalists, two-time (2009, 2011) U.S. pewter medalists, and 2006 Junior Grand Prix Final champions.
Personal life
Keiffer Hubbell was born in Lansing, Michigan. They graduated from Laurel Springs High School and majored in biology at Owens Community College to study Herpetology. They trained in gymnastics as a child, but quit at age 9 when they began skating.
Career
Early career
Keiffer Hubbell started skating at age 9. After a brief early partnership with Brittany Blackshaw, they teamed up with their sister, Madison Hubbell, in early 2001. They originally represented the Lansing Skating Club in competition.
In the 2001–2002 season, Madison and Keiffer Hubbell competed for the first time on the Juvenile level, which is the lowest competition level in the U.S. Figure Skating structure. They competed at the Eastern Great Lakes Regional Championships, the qualifying competition for the U.S. Junior Championships. They placed second in the first compulsory dance, and then won the other two compulsory dances and the free dance to win the Juvenile event. This win qualified them for the 2002 U.S. Junior Championships, where they placed 9th in the first compulsory dance, 6th in the second, and 7th in the free dance to place 7th overall.
In the 2002–2003 season, the Hubbells remained on the Juvenile level. At the Eastern Great Lakes Regional Championships, they won all three segments of the competition to win the gold medal. This win qualified them for the 2003 U.S. Junior Championships, where they won the first compulsory dance, placed second in the second compulsory dance, and won the free dance to win the gold medal overall.
The Hubbells moved up to the Intermediate level in the 2003–2004 season and began represented the Ann Arbor Figure Skating Club in competition. At the Eastern Great Lakes Regional Championships, they won all three segments of the competition to win the gold medal. This win qualified them for the 2004 U.S. Junior Championships, where they placed second in the first compulsory dance and then won both the second compulsory dance and the free dance to win the gold medal overall. This was their second consecutive national title.
In the 2004–2005 season, the Hubbells moved up to the Novice level, which is the first level that competes at the U.S. Championships. At the Eastern Great Lakes Regional Championships, the first qualifying competition for the national championships, the Hubbells won all three segments of the competition, winning the competition ahead of training mates Emily Samuelson / Evan Bates. This win qualified them for the Midwestern Sectional Championships, the final qualifying competition for the national championships. At the sectional championships, the Hubbells won both compulsory dances and then placed second in the free skate to win the silver medal behind Samuelson / Bates. This win qualified them to the 2005 U.S. Championships. At the national championships, the Hubbells placed second in the first compulsory dance, then placed sixth in both the second compulsory dance and the free dance segments to place 5th overall. Following the event, the Hubbells were assigned to the Estonia International Dance Competition. At that spring competition, which was their first major international event, the Hubbells won all three segments of the competition and won the gold medal. This medal qualified the Hubbells for the USFSA Reserve team for the following season.
The Hubbells remained on the Novice level for the 2005–2006 season. At the Eastern Great Lakes Regional Championships, they won all three segments of the competition to win the gold medal. This win qualified them for the Midwestern Sectional Championships, where they competed under the ISU Judging System for the first time. They won all three segments of the competition to win the gold medal by a margin of victory of 8.88 points ahead of silver medalists Piper Gilles / Timothy McKernan. This win qualified them for the 2006 U.S. Championships. At the event, the Hubbells tied with fellow sibling team Cathy Reed / Chris Reed in the first compulsory dance with a score of 19.23. The tie was broken by the technical elements mark and so the Hubbells won that segment of the competition. The Hubbells won the second compulsory dance by a margin of 0.29 points ahead of the Reeds. The Hubbells lost the free dance to the Reeds by 1.68 points. The Hubbells placed second overall, winning the silver medal and placed second overall by a margin of 1.39 points behind the Reeds and 6.22 points ahead of bronze medalists Samantha Tomarchio / Nicholas Sinchak.
Junior career
The Hubbells moved up to the Junior level both nationally and internationally in the 2006–2007 season. They made their ISU Junior Grand Prix debut on the 2006–2007 ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit. At their first event, the event in Courchevel, France, the Hubbells placed second in the compulsory and original dances and then won the free dance. They won the silver medal behind Ekaterina Bobrova / Dmitri Soloviev by a margin of 0.78 points. The Hubbells were then assigned to their second event, the event in The Hague, Netherlands. They placed third in the compulsory dance segment and then won both the original and free dances to win the gold medal overall by a margin of victory of 1.84 points ahead of silver medalists Grethe Grünberg / Kristian Rand. These two placements combined qualified them for the 2006–2007 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final, for which the Hubbells were the third-ranked qualifiers. Qualifying for the Junior Grand Prix Final had also given them a bye to the U.S. Championships.
At the Junior Grand Prix Final, the Hubbells placed second in the Midnight Blues compulsory dance by a margin of 0.17 points behind Bobrova / Soloviev. They won both the original and free dances to win the gold medal overall by a margin of victory of 2.17 points ahead of silver medalists and training mates Emily Samuelson / Evan Bates.
At the 2007 U.S. Championships, the Hubbells placed second in both compulsory dances behind Samuelson / Bates. They won the original dance and went into the free dance in first place overall, where they placed second. They won the silver medal overall, placing second by a margin of 0.17 points behind champions Samuelson / Bates, and 24.56 points ahead of bronze medalists and training-mates Lynn Kriengkrairut / Logan Giulietti-Schmitt. The top three junior dance teams were named to the 2007 Junior Worlds, and all three junior teams were coached Yaroslava Nechaeva and Yuri Chesnichenko.
At the 2007 Junior Worlds, the Hubbells both fell in the Silver Samba compulsory dance and placed 12th in that segment of the competition. They placed 5th in the original dance and 4th in the free dance to move up to place 6th overall.
The Hubbells remained on the Junior level for the 2007-2008 season. Originally scheduled to compete on the 2007–2008 ISU Junior Grand Prix series, the Hubbells withdrew from their events and missed the fall season due to an injury to Keiffer. They began their competitive season at the Midwestern Sectional Championships, where they won all three segments of the competition to qualify for the 2008 U.S. Championships. At the national championships, the Hubbells won the compulsory dance, placed third in the original dance, and then won the free dance to win the gold medal overall. This win qualified them for the 2008 Junior Worlds. At the World Junior Championships, the Hubbells placed 5th in all three segments of the competition and 5th overall.
In the 2008–2009 season, the Hubbells moved up to the senior level nationally and remained juniors internationally. They competed on the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix. At their first event in Mexico City, Mexico, they won all three segments of the competition to win the gold medal by a margin of victory of 17.26 points ahead of silver medalists Kharis Ralph / Asher Hill. The Hubbells were then assigned to their second event, the event in Cape Town, South Africa, where they again won all three segments of the competition to win the gold medal by a margin of victory of 9.25 points ahead of silver medalists Piper Gilles / Zachary Donohue. These two placements combined qualified them for the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final, for which the Hubbells were the top-ranked qualifiers. Qualifying for the Junior Grand Prix Final also gave them a bye to the U.S. Championships.
The Junior Grand Prix Final was being held for the first time concurrently with the Grand Prix Final and so therefore did not include a compulsory dance segment. The Hubbells fell during the original dance and placed 6th in that segment of the competition. They placed second in the free skate and won the silver medal overall, placing 6.47 points behind champions Madison Chock / Greg Zuerlein.
The Hubbells made their senior national debut at the 2009 U.S. Championships. They placed fourth in the compulsory dance, the original dance, and the free dance, to place fourth overall and win the pewter medal. They were named to the team for the 2009 Junior Worlds for the third consecutive year.
At the 2009 World Junior Championships, the Hubbells placed 2nd in the compulsory dance, 3rd in the original dance, and 4th in the free skate to place 4th overall, placing 0.46 points behind bronze medalists Ekaterina Riazanova / Jonathan Guerreiro.
Following the 2009 Trophée Eric Bompard competition, the Hubbells moved from Yaroslava Nechaeva and Yuri Chesnichenko – who coached them in Ann Arbor, Michigan for 10 years – to Pasquale Camerlengo and Anjelika Krylova in Detroit, Michigan.
On May 12, 2011, the Hubbells announced the end of their partnership. In 2012, they teamed up with Anastasia Olson.
Programs
With Olson
With Madison Hubbell
Competitive highlights
With Olson
With Hubbell
References
External links
American male ice dancers
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lansing, Michigan
Four Continents Figure Skating Championships medalists
People from Sylvania, Ohio
Tazewell County () is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 135,394. Its county seat and largest city is Pekin. It is pronounced with a short "a", to rhyme with "razz" rather than "raze".
Tazewell County is part of the Peoria, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area. The majority of the population lives along the county's western border.
History
Tazewell County was formed out of Peoria County in 1827. The consensus appears to be that it was named in honor of Littleton Tazewell, who served in the U.S. Senate, and who became Governor of Virginia in 1834. It is, however, possible that it was named after Littleton's father, prominent Virginia politician Henry Tazewell, after whom Tazewell County, Virginia, was named.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Pekin have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1884 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Adjacent counties
Peoria County (northwest)
Woodford County (north)
McLean County (east)
Logan County (south)
Mason County (southwest)
Fulton County (west)
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 74
Interstate 155
Interstate 474
U.S. Highway 24
U.S. Highway 150
Illinois Route 8
Illinois Route 9
Illinois Route 29
Illinois Route 98
Illinois Route 116
Illinois Route 122
Airports
The following public-use airports are located in Tazewell County:
Pekin Municipal Airport (C15) - serves Pekin (Located by the Village of South Pekin, Illinois)
Manito Mitchell Airport (C45) - serves Manito, a village in Mason County
Public Transportation
Bus and paratransit service in Tazewell County is provided by Peoria's “CityLink” system, operating six routes (four originating from Peoria) seven days a week.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 135,394 people, 54,146 households, and 37,163 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 57,516 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.2% white, 1.0% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.5% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 35.6% were German, 15.6% were American, 14.4% were Irish, and 12.0% were English.
Of the 54,146 households, 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.4% were non-families, and 26.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.94. The median age was 39.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $54,232 and the median income for a family was $66,764. Males had a median income of $50,372 versus $34,747 for females. The per capita income for the county was $27,036. About 6.3% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.2% of those under age 18 and 4.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Delavan
East Peoria
Marquette Heights
Pekin (seat)
Washington
Villages
Armington
Creve Coeur
Deer Creek (partly in Woodford County)
Goodfield (partly in Woodford County)
Green Valley
Hopedale
Mackinaw
Minier
Morton
North Pekin
Peoria Heights (mostly in Peoria County)
South Pekin
Tremont
Census-designated place
Heritage Lake
Other unincorporated communities
Allentown
Cooper
Dillon
Groveland
Midway
Parkland
Sutter
Winkel
Townships
Tazewell County is divided into these townships:
Boynton
Cincinnati
Deer Creek
Delavan
Dillon
Elm Grove
Fondulac
Groveland
Hittle
Hopedale
Little Mackinaw
Mackinaw
Malone
Morton
Pekin
Sand Prairie
Spring Lake
Tremont
Washington
Politics
Tazewell County has been solidly Republican on the national level, voting for the Republican candidate for U.S. president since 1996.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tazewell County, Illinois
Notable people
Charles "Buffalo" Jones, cowboy and naturalist
References
Illinois counties
Peoria metropolitan area, Illinois
1827 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1827
Anne Loree is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Best known as the writer of "Insensitive", an international Top 40 hit for Jann Arden in 1995, Loree has also released four albums as a solo performer.
"Insensitive" spent three weeks at No. 1 on the Top Singles Canadian chart in late January and early February 1995.
Loree was nominated for Songwriter of the Year at the 1996 Juno Awards.
Discography
Beyond Cinderella (1998)
roAr (2002)
The Mullet Years (2005)
Leaving Shadowland (2005)
References
External links
Anne Loree
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Musicians from Edmonton
Canadian singer-songwriters
Loree, Anne
Nanjing No.1 High School is a high school in Nanjing, Jiangsu, China, located on the bank of the Qinhuai River.
History
The history of Nanjing No. 1 High School dates back to 1907 during the late Qing dynasty. At that time, Sun Shaoyun and three other local leaders established "Chong Wen School" in Nanjing for children from the southern district of Nanjing and provided them a place to study. In 1927, the Nationalist Government decided to set Nanjing as the capital of the Republic of China, and the school was renamed as the Capital City Central Experimental School which was inspired by Cai Yuanpei. It then became the first public middle school in Nanjing.
In the spring of 1927, the National Revolutionary Army occupied southern China. On April 18, Chiang Kai-shek started a national government, with Nanjing as its base. The government declared Nanjing the capital of the Republic of China. After the summer break, Nanjing Municipal Government set up five "experimental" schools in the central, western, eastern, southern, and northern districts respectively. Among them, the central capital experimental school was located at the corner of Zhonghua Avenue and Fuxi Street. The location was the western garden of the governor of Nanjing during the Qing dynasty. From 1902–1903, "Three Rivers Normal School" (now called Nanjing University) was temporarily relocated to this location when the school started operating. Since 1907, Chong Wen School, Jiang Ning First Elementary School, Jiang Ning county junior high school all started at this location.
In the year of 1933, the school was renamed as Nanjing City No.1 High School.
The land that the school currently occupies was previously used as a garden by a Qing dynasty official.
Awards
Students often participate in mathematics, physics, English, and information technology competitions; seven students won the national first prize, 21 students won provincial first prize, and 74 won provincial second place.
Accomplishments in Athletics and Music
In 2006, the school's symphony orchestra participated in the third national high school arts festival and was awarded second place. The boys' volleyball team won the Jiangsu province high school volleyball tournament championship.
In 2007, the school's symphony orchestra participated in the 36th Vienna International Youth Music Festival, and was awarded second place. The boys' volleyball team won the Jiangsu province high school volleyball tournament championship.
School Anthem
References
External links
Official website in Chinese
High schools in Nanjing
Hugh de Vivonne (died 1249) was a French knight from Vivonne in the County of Poitou. They were loyal to the Plantagenet family and supported their right to vast lands in France. From 1215 onward they made their home in England, where they were constable of Bristol Castle (1216–21, 1236–41) and later High Sheriff of Somerset and Dorset (1241–49). They married an English lady and became lord of Chewton and Curry Mallet. They received further English estates in compensation for the loss of their lands in France. Yet, as a foreign soldier in the king's pay, they have been described as merely a "Poitevin mercenary captain".
They returned several times to France on behalf of King Henry III of England. In 1221 they served their first term as Seneschal of Gascony. In 1230 they went on a special mission in connection with Henry III's first invasion of France. They served a second term as seneschal in 1231–34. Finally, they took part in Henry III's second invasion of France in 1242–43.
Constable of Bristol
Hugh probably arrived in England in 1215 as one of the soldiers in the company of the Poitevin Savaric de Mauléon coming to the aid of King John of England during the First Barons' War. Savaric was given command of Bristol Castle on the border between Gloucestershire and Somerset in the Welsh Marches. They left Hugh in charge of it when they went to attend the king on their deathbed. John died on 19 October 1216. Savaric was back at Bristol on 11 November, when a meeting of the leading men of the realm met there at the summons of the papal legate Guala Bicchieri. At this meeting, Savaric requested and received permission from the new regent to return to Poitou. When Savaric left England shortly thereafter, Hugh was left as constable (castellan) of Bristol. The first formal notice of Hugh as acting constable of Bristol is dated 7 April 1217.
In 1217 the regent of England, William Marshal, granted the Barton, a collection of royal properties attached to Bristol Castle for the upkeep of its garrison, to Gilbert de Clare as an appurtenance to their earldom of Gloucester. This was an act of patronage, generally acceptable and expected according to the norms of the time, for Gilbert had just married the regent's daughter, Isabel Marshal. They were also, however, a former rebel, who had fought against the king in the Barons' War, supported the rival kingship of Louis the Lion and stood as surety for the Magna Carta. The regent's largesse thus came at the expense of one of John's loyal followers, Hugh, whose castellany depended on the Barton.
Hugh was ordered to hand over the Barton to the earl on 17 November 1217, but they refused unless they were compensated with other properties with which to finance Bristol Castle. They were promised 100 marks and 100 pounds in rents from other properties, but had not received them when they again refused an order to hand over the Barton even after the regent's grant had been confirmed by a Great Council on 6 May 1218.
They refused a third order in January 1219 and on 7 March 1219 they were warned by Peter des Roches, bishop of Winchester, that unless they complied all their lands would be forfeited to the Crown. They refused a fourth time, resolutely declaring that they would never hand over the Barton unless a different provision was made to sustain Bristol. They still had not received the promised rents. Regarding the threatened seizure of their lands, Hugh responded to King Henry III as a wounded loyal servant: "You can easily do that, but I certainly do not think I deserve it. For my family and I, in the service of King John ... and yourself [Henry III], have lost across the seas more fruitful and richer lands than I will ever have in England, and I have faithfully served King John ... while they lived, and you after their death, and still I serve you and will all the days of my life, so long as it pleases you."
When the Great Council met at Gloucester in June 1219 it confirmed Hugh's possession of the Barton and compensated the earl elsewhere. Hugh having reminded the council that they were technically only holding Bristol on behalf of Savaric, the council obtained from the latter a letter ordering Hugh to hand it over to the king. On 19 September 1219, Hugh handed the castle over to the king and received it back, to hold it at the king's pleasure. This was a special arrangement due to last only until August 1220. Peter des Roches had been consulted. In February 1220 Hugh was again ordered to hand over the Barton to the earl. Again they refused and ultimately the agreement was renewed until November 1222. A successor was appointed on 6 January 1221, when Hugh was preparing to leave England for Gascony. They were informed of their permanent successor, Pandulf Verraccio, on 28 January.
As constable of Bristol, Hugh had never rendered an account to the Exchequer, but subsequent renders show them to have been correct about the military necessity of the Barton for sustaining the castle. Almost all the revenues of the Barton went to the upkeep of Bristol Castle.
Hugh was re-appointed constable of Bristol on 17 August 1236 and given control of the Barton on 28 December 1236. They can be traced as constable in the fiscal years 1236–37, 1237–38 and 1238–39, beginning and ending on Michaelmas. Their successor was acting constable by 1241.
Seneschal of Poitou and Gascony
First term
Hugh left Bristol when they were appointed seneschal of Poitou and Gascony on 4 January 1221. They were appointed after the previous appointee, Philip of Oldcoates, died suddenly before they could take up the post. They were commissioned to recover the king's rights and their term was expected to last three years, although Hugh themselves suspected that "misfortune" would end it sooner. Before going they extracted a promise from the regency that if they were removed from the seneschalcy before their term was up, they would be restored to Bristol Castle, since the agreement of August 1220 had not yet expired. Among the sureties of this arrangement were Geoffrey de Neville, a former seneschal of Gascony, and the Chief Justiciar Hubert de Burgh.
Hugh passed the summer of 1221 disputing with Hugh X of Lusignan, Count of La Marche, over the maritagium (dowry) of King John's widow, Isabella of Angoulême, who had married Hugh after John's death. In October Hugh was replaced as seneschal by their former employer, Savaric de Mauléon. By that time the dispute with the count had become open warfare, with the count besieging the castle of Merpins, defended by Renaud de Pons, a former seneschal and like Savaric a troubadour. As of 1 November, Hugh was still acting seneschal awaiting the arrival of Savaric.
The end of their term as seneschal did not end Hugh's involvement with Gascony. In the summer of 1224, King Louis VIII of France invaded Aquitaine with the support of the Count of La Marche. Marching through Poitou, where they took several towns, they laid siege to La Rochelle in Gascony. Savaric de Mauléon led the defence of the town, but on 3 August they surrendered it to Louis. The French king then returned to Paris by way of Poitou, leaving the count and the Poitevin seneschal they had appointed, Geoffroy de Builli, to mop up in Gascony. Henry III sent Hugh de Vivonne to Gascony to rescue the situation. On 21 September 1224 they reported to the king that, because the French did not garrison any of the towns that surrendered to them, "I count it for nothing and think that you will recover all that [Hugh de Lusignan and Geoffroy de Builli] have acquired in these parts if you send speedy aid and succour." In the face of strong resistance from Bordeaux and Bayonne, the Count of La Marche abandoned Gascony in October.
In early 1230 Hugh was dispatched by Henry III on a secret mission to the Count of La Marche. Their objective was to recruit the count for Henry's coming invasion of France. They evidently failed, because when Henry III landed in Brittany in May 1230, the count did not come to meet him. Nor did they join them when the king campaigned in Poitou.
Second term
Hugh was appointed to a second term as seneschal of Gascony on 30 September 1231. They succeeded Richard de Burgh, who was appointed to take the place of Henry de Trubleville on 1 July but never took up the office. They became the first seneschal of Gascony required to swear an oath, which afterwards became the norm.
The replacement of Trubleville as seneschal seems to have been sparked by concerns over their integrity. On 16 October the Crown instructed Hugh that they should revoke all of Trubleville's alienations of crown land. Henry III also wrote the mayor, council and jurats of Bordeaux instructing them to turn over any revenues granted them by Trubleville without royal approval to Hugh. Revoking their predecessor's acts did not make Hugh popular. They removed Richard de Poncellis from their post of bailiff, but Richard refused to return some armour and other things that they held on behalf of the Crown. Only a royal letter of 27 January 1233 induced them to surrender. Randolf de Talemunt, who likewise refused to hand over some arms and armor from the castle of Oléron, only surrendered when Hugh procured a royal letter. In many cases, the constables appointed by Trubleville refused to surrender their castles to him, claiming they were owed wages. In some instances they even offered armed resistance. it was not until August 1233 that they took control of castle of Roquefort (now Sorèze) from its garrison.
Hugh's second term ended when Hugh de Trubleville was reappointed to succeed them on 23 May 1234. Although out of office, Hugh does not appear to have left Gascony immediately. They were still there in October 1235 and February 1236 trying to get hold of the castle of Saint-Macaire on the king's behalf.
When Henry III came to Aquitaine at the head of an army in 1242, they frequently bypassed their actual seneschal, deputing others to carry out their executive orders. One of those they entrusted with certain tasks was Hugh of Vivonne. Hugh was present with the king at the disastrous battle of Taillebourg (21–22 July 1242).
Sheriff of Somerset and Dorset
Hugh was appointed High Sheriff of Somerset and Dorset in February 1241 and held the offices until their death. They were one of the last "curial" sheriffs who held their shrievalty on account of their connection to the royal court and relied on under-sheriffs for the day-to-day responsibilities of the job. Owing to their high position, Hugh governed Somerset and Dorset on more favourable terms than the merely local knights who held most shrievalties by the 1240s.
The terms of their appointment specified that they (and not the Exchequer) should receive all the revenues of the counties, which were classified as "farms", "increments" and "profits". The Exchequer appears to have initially resisted this, since it was only in October 1241 that it agreed that Hugh could keep the increment to finance the upkeep of Corfe Castle, although in its accounting it treated it as a subsidy returned to the sheriff from the Exchequer. In 1246, the Exchequer finally conceded that all the profit of the counties could go to Hugh, even while noting that Hugh did not know how much that was, an indication of their absentee sheriffship.
Family and property
The names of Hugh's parents are unknown. They had a brother named Aimery, who was dead by 16 March 1247.
On 20 December 1215 Hugh was granted the estates confiscated from William Malet, a leading baron of Somerset and a Magna Carta surety. In 1219–20 Hugh tried to arrange the marriage of their nephew, Hugh de Chaceporc, with Alice Basset, daughter of Thomas Basset and widow of William Malet. Hugh's purpose in arranging the marriage was, according to a letter they wrote to the chief justiciar in January 1220, "so that I and mine can stay in England". By that time they had already received approval for the marriage from Peter des Roches and Pandulf Verraccio, papal legate to England. Despite support in high places, the marriage never took place and Hugh's endeavours mixed them up in the bitter rivalries of the West Country gentry.
Hugh themselves later married William Malet's daughter, Mabel, a widow of Nicholas de Avenel. They seem to have died before 1248. Hugh and Mabel had three sons and a daughter:
William le Fort (died 22 May 1259), recovered Hugh's Poitevin lands; married Matilda, daughter of William, Earl of Derby, and Sibyl, daughter of William Marshal; had issue
Sibyl, married Anselm de Gourney
Hugh (died September 1257/9), married Petronilla and had a son, John
Savaric (died after 29 April 1264), acquired the lordship of Bougon and paid homage to Alphonse, Count of Poitou in 1260
Through their wife Hugh acquired the manors of Chewton and Curry Mallet in Somerset. They and Robert de Mucegros, husband of Mabel's sister Helewise, also acquired their father-in-law's extensive debts. A debt to the Exchequer of 2,000 marks was slowly paid off by Hugh's unrecompensed service in Gascony. In 1246 Hugh acquired by royal grant the manor of Corton Denham, which had belonged to the Saint-Hilaire family. Hugh in turn gave it to their daughter Sibyl and their husband.
Hugh died in 1249, sometime before 16 October.
Notes
Citations
Sources
12th-century births
1249 deaths
Seneschals of Poitou
Seneschals of Gascony
High Sheriffs of Somerset
High Sheriffs of Dorset
Juan Humberto Valdivieso Padilla (6 May 1910 – 2 May 2007) was a Peruvian football goalkeeper and manager.
Playing career
During their career, they played club football for Alianza Lima. They made 10 appearances for the Peru national football team, participating at the 1930 FIFA World Cup and 1936 Summer Olympics.
Managerial career
After retiring as a player, Valdivieso went on to manage a number of clubs in Peru and the Peru national team.
Personal life
Their youngest son, Luis Valdivieso Montano, is the current Minister of the Economy and Finance of Peru. Their grandson, Juan Pablo Valdivieso, represented Peru in swimming during the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.
They died in 2007 at 96 years old.
References
External links
1910 births
2007 deaths
Footballers from Lima
Peruvian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
1930 FIFA World Cup players
Footballers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Peru
Peru international footballers
Peruvian Primera División players
Club Alianza Lima footballers
Peruvian football managers
Peru national football team managers
Deportivo Municipal managers
Sport Boys managers
Copa América-winning players
Ayk (in Armenian Այգ meaning dawn in Armenian) was an Armenian daily newspaper published in Beirut Mondays to Fridays for the period 1953 to 1975. It was established by Dikran and Lucy Tosbat, as an independent non-partisan Armenian daily in stark contrast to the three other Lebanese Armenian dailies that were partisan and official party organs: Aztag, the organ of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (Tashnag), Ararad, the organ of the Social Democrat Hunchakian Party (Hentchag) and Zartonk, the organ of the Armenian Democratic Liberal Party (ADL – Ramgavar).
Ayk also supported the political aspirations of Mr. Tosbat for being elected for one of the Armenian parliamentary seats reserved for the Armenian Orthodox in the Lebanese Parliament.
Many well-known writers and literary figures contributed to the daily's content including very notably the Lebanese-Armenian writer Shahantoukhd.
Tosbat's other publications
Ayks founder Dikran Tosbat was already publishing since 1947 the Lebanese French-language daily Le Soir as a rival newspaper to the Lebanese French-language dailies L'Orient (founded by Gabriel Khabbaz and Georges Naccache) and Le Jour (founded in 1934 by Michel Chiha). L'Orient and Le Jour later merged as L'Orient-Le Jour) whereas Le Soir ceased publication.
As Ike daily
The Armenian language newspaper stopped publication with the beginning of the Lebanese Civil War and the decisions of the heirs to immigrate to the United States. The licence was sold to another publisher, the Monday Morning Publishing Group, that published the newspaper as an English language Lebanese daily rename Ike''' (a transliterated way of writing the licence name Ayk)Ike was a main rival to the well-established Lebanese English-language daily The Daily Star. Ike'' could not sustain the rivalry however and was closed permanently some time later after having incurred persistent financial losses.
References
1953 establishments in Lebanon
1975 disestablishments in Lebanon
Armenian-language newspapers published in Lebanon
Defunct newspapers published in Lebanon
English-language newspapers published in Lebanon
Newspapers established in 1953
Newspapers published in Beirut
Publications disestablished in 1975
Daily newspapers published in Lebanon
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1963 season.
Overview
It was contested by 4 teams, and Havnar Bóltfelag won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
is a Japanese ski mountaineer.
Yamada won the first Asian championship of ski mountaineering in 2007. Only the New Zealander Grant Guise topped their time, but did not count in the continental championship ranking because they were not an Asian country national.
References
External links
Seiji Yamada at SkiMountaineering.org
Seiji Yamada at Hakuba47
1966 births
Living people
Japanese male ski mountaineers
Santitorn Lattirom (; born June 23, 1990) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Thai League 1 club Khon Kaen United.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Santitorn Lattirom
Santitorn Lattirom
Association football midfielders
Samutsongkhram F.C. players
Santitorn Lattirom
Santitorn Lattirom
Santitorn Lattirom
Faye Leung is a Canadian business person, best known for their involvement in the scandal that brought down the British Columbia government of Bill Vander Zalm in 1991 surrounding the sale of Fantasy Gardens. Raised in Vancouver and Victoria Chinatowns, they and their husband Dean are credited with helping to "prevent the destruction of Chinatown when they opposed a freeway going through the historic district."
Later, Leung "brokered the deal in which Vander Zalm, while in office, sold Fantasy Gardens World" to Tan Yu. "That sale led to Vander Zalm's breach of trust criminal trial in 1992."
The "ever-colourful" Leung is noted for "a wardrobe containing several hundred flamboyant hats and a habit of delivering high-speed, high-pitched, high-volume monologues." In their autobiography The Hat Lady Sings, they claimed that Vander Zalm still owed their 1.6 million dollars.
References
Canadian businesspeople
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Silverclaw (Maria De Guadalupe "Lupe" Santiago), is a fictional character, a superhero in the Marvel Comics universe. The character is a reserve member of the Avengers and regards Edwin Jarvis as an uncle figure.
Publication history
Silverclaw first appeared in Avengers vol. 3 #8 (September, 1998) and was created by writer Kurt Busiek and illustrator George Pérez.
Fictional character biography
Maria de Guadalupe Santiago was born near the village of the Kamekeri in the (fictional) South American nation of Costa Verde. The Kamekeri are a simple people whose ancestors worshipped the ancient gods until the arrival of the Spaniards. The Spanish missionaries helped to modernize the Kamekeri's lives and taught them their Christian beliefs. The conversion of the Kamekeri led to an abandonment of the ancient beliefs and gods. Legends say that the Kamekeri's gods left for the heavens, except for one. Peliali, the Volcano goddess, vowed to stay among their chosen people and to provide them with my protection.
Silverclaw's father, Jaime Santiago, was a Kamekeri villager who studied the ancient beliefs and pantheon. They traveled into the mountains where Peliali was said to dwell and returned with stories of encountering the volcano goddess. Santiago was ridiculed and denounced by the church for their reports of Peliali, but despite the mocking of the Kamekeri, they continued to visit their mountain. Months passed, and Santiago returned with an infant who they claimed was their daughter and the daughter of Peliali. The child was given a Christian name and baptized. During the baptism, little Lupe's ability to transform into were-forms manifested. Due to their bizarre and often uncontrolled transformations, they were the target of constant teasing and whispered fear from the Kamekeri.
As they grew up, Lupe's father taught them of their heritage and told their stories of their mother. But each time they would take them to visit Peliali's mountain home, there was no sign of the volcano goddess. When Lupe was still a child, their father died and they were taken in by the local church orphanage which was funded by ChildCare, an American charity for international orphans. The sisters that ran the orphanage were nervous about Lupe's strange powers and considered them ungodly. When Edwin Jarvis, the butler to Tony Stark and the world-famous Avengers, saw a commercial for the charitable organization ChildCare they decided to use part of their salary to sponsor a needy child. Jarvis wrote to ChildCare and was assigned to the orphanage in the Kamakeri village. The sisters at the orphanage had heard of Jarvis' employer and knew of their connection to Iron Man. Knowing this, they assigned Jarvis to be the sponsor of Lupe Santiago. They hoped that if any problems relating to Lupe's strange powers arose, Jarvis and their connections to the Avengers might help.
Over the years, Lupe wrote to Edwin Jarvis frequently and marveled at their tales of the Avengers, coming to regard them as an uncle of sorts. Lupe rejected their past and had a deep desire to be modern and worldly. They were always the first to try new things, like piercing their nose and buying CDs from America. They dreamed of visiting the US and attending University there. Despite all this, they never forgot their father's teachings and kept the ceremonial garb they designed for them as a reminder of their heritage and destiny.
Meeting the Avengers
Years later, Lupe journeyed to America to attend Empire State University and finally meet their "Tio Edwin". En route, the plane Lupe was traveling on was hijacked by terrorists in the employ of Moses Magnum. Lupe uses their powers to try to stop the terrorists, but when they took hostages Silverclaw was forced into helping them. At the airport, Jarvis arrived to meet their long-time sponsored child. When the airport was attacked, they summon the Avengers. The Avengers arrived and battle Magnum's men who were being led by Silverclaw. After a brief tussle with Captain America and Triathlon, Silverclaw was defeated. However, the battle was merely a distraction and Magnum and their men managed to make good on their plans to steal a seismic cannon. Silverclaw quickly reappears and reveals themselves to be Jarvis' ward. They explain they were forced into helping the terrorists. They accompany the Avengers back to the mansion. Silverclaw helps the Avengers in stopping Magnum. They then began their studies at Empire State University, helping the Avengers when needed.
Kulan Gath
The second adventure was initiated by Silverclaw herself. Silverclaw receives an urgent message from Costa Verde. Fearing the worst, they sought the Avengers' help. The team accompanied them to Costa Verde and discovered Silverclaw's village had been conquered and transformed by Kulan Gath, an ancient wizard of the Hyborian age. Gath sought to increase their power by sacrificing a god...in this case, the goddess Peliali. Confronted with the reality of their mother's existence, Silverclaw and the Avengers - at the time consisting of the Wasp, Iron Man, She-Hulk, Warbird, Giant-Man, the Scarlet Witch and Triathlon- venture into the Kamekeri village which had been mystically transformed into a grand city from the Hyborian age. Kulan Gath's magic had transformed and ensorcelled the villagers, and it was only through the sorcerous aid of the Scarlet Witch, using communication chips from Iron Man's armor to focus their spell that the Avengers were able to infiltrate the city without being affected by the spell themselves. Having captured Peliali, Kulan Gath's plans were near fruition when the Avengers arrived. Kulan Gath's forces were easily able to overwhelm the assembled heroes who were captured and forced to watch as Kulan Gath performed the ceremony necessary to kill Peliali. With their death, Kulan Gath intended to open a gate to the nether realms where they would ascend to power with Peliali's life as the toll for their passage into power.
Using the electrically charged weapons of the guards to provide Warbird with a power boost, the Avengers were able to free themselves. Silverclaw attacks Kulan Gath, but soon realizes their only hope is Peliali herself. Seeking to increase their mother's power to enable them to escape Kulan Gath, Lupe appeals to the Kamekeri in an attempt to restore their faith in Peliali. Them efforts succeed and Peliali escapes Gath's initial murder attempt. Gath's dark masters claim Gath instead and the village is restored. Peliali did not fare quite so well as their beloved village. Gath's blow hadn't killed them directly but was soon fatal. Silverclaw gets a chance to say goodbye before Peliali dies.
Silverclaw returns to the ESU and focuses on studying topics they believe will help them people. The Scarlet Witch offers them an Avengers reserve slot. Silverclaw accepts the membership and joins the Avengers in responding to the Maximum Security crisis and the Kang War; on one occasion they even held their own against Diablo when they attacked a nearby building while the other Avengers were away in Greece, keeping them busy until Wonder Man and Triathlon arrived and helped them to disarm him. During the Kang War, they fought alongside Yellowjacket and Quicksilver under the command of Warbird in launching an attack to acquire the technology of the self-proclaimed Master of the World, Quicksilver commenting that they reminded them of their sister, the Scarlet Witch, back when Wanda was Silverclaw's age.
Silverclaw was also in the Avengers: Celestial Quest eight issue limited series. (November 2001 - June 2002).
Civil War
Silverclaw was seen fighting Ms. Marvel, who was attempting to get them to join the heroes supporting the Superhuman Registration Act during the Civil War. Silverclaw was vehemently against the SHRA because as they say it is not the law in their country. As a result, a pitched battle between the two occurred. It is later confirmed that they were captured. Tony Stark states that despite their tenure with the Avengers, they do not consider Silverclaw a likely participant in the 50 States Initiative, given their original resistance to the SHRA and their status as a citizen of another country.
Silverclaw, along with fellow superheroes Dusk, Tigra, Stature, and Araña, was next seen captured by the Puppet Master. They were subsequently freed by Ms. Marvel.
Powers and abilities
Silverclaw possesses the superhuman ability to mimic the physical characteristics of various animals native to rainforests and jungles. Thus far, Lupe has demonstrated the following animal aspects: jaguar, anaconda, cockatoo, monkey, sloth, puma, cheetah, and crocodile. When assuming an animal form, Lupe does not transform fully into the animal. Instead, they assume a form that combines elements of the animal with their normal human appearance. These were-forms are similar to the transitional forms assumed by other animal shape-shifters, such as the mutants Wolfsbane and Catseye. Each of these forms grant Silverclaw additional abilities. Silverclaw has demonstrated enhanced strength, speed and agility, claws, flight and enhanced senses while transformed. They have also shown the ability to alter their size to some degree, as when they transformed into a giant sloth.
In their powered form, Silverclaw's skin assumes a silvery quality. This silver skin also manifests whenever Silverclaw assumes an animal form. It has not been revealed if Lupe's silver skin is merely cosmetic or if it possesses superhuman qualities of its own. As a shape-shifter, Lupe has complete control of their form. Through force of will, they have overcome powerful transformative enchantments and reverted to their true form, such as when Diablo attempted to turn them into salt.
Reception
Newsarama ranked Silverclaw as the sixth worst Avengers member describing their story as "a little better than Triathlon's, but the character was infinitely lamer" and that they had the power to "dress like an extra from a Tarzan film".
References
Avengers (comics) characters
Characters created by Kurt Busiek
Comics characters introduced in 1998
Fictional characters with superhuman senses
Fictional Hispanic and Latino American people
Fictional werecats
Latin American superheroes
Marvel Comics characters who are shapeshifters
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics female superheroes
Marvel Comics orphans
Delta Ceti, Latinized from δ Ceti, is a single, blue-white hued star in the equatorial constellation of Cetus. The star's apparent visual magnitude of +4.06 means it is near to the cusp of the faintest third of the stars that are visible the ideally-placed naked eye. It is north of the celestial equator compared to the celestial North Pole's . The star is positioned about WNW of the spiral galaxy M77, but which at apparent magnitude 9.6 needs magnification to be made out and has an apparent size of only by .
Based upon an annual parallax shift of as seen from Earth, it is around from the Sun. Motion relative to our system's trajectory includes a highly parting vector: with a net radial velocity of about . It moves minutely across the celestial sphere – yet just over four times more in right ascension than in declination.
This is a Beta Cephei variable with a stellar classification of B2 IV. It varies in brightness with a period of 0.16114 days. Unlike most stars of its type, it does not display multiple periods of luminosity variation or multiple variations of its spectral line profiles. The star is about 7−18 million years and has a low projected rotational velocity of around , suggesting it is either rotating slowly or is being viewed from nearly pole on. It has 8.4 times the mass of the Sun and 4.6 times the Sun's radius. The star is radiating around 4,000 times the Sun's luminosity from its photosphere at an effective temperature of roughly
Name
This star, along with α Cet (Menkar), λ Cet (Menkar), γ Cet (Kaffaljidhma), μ Cet, ξ1 Cet and ξ2 Cet were Al Kaff al Jidhmah, "the Part of a Hand".
According to the catalogue of stars in the Technical Memorandum 33-507 - A Reduced Star Catalog Containing 537 Named Stars, Al Kaff al Jidhmah were the title for five stars :γ Cet as Kaffaljidhma, ξ1 Cet as Al Kaff al Jidhmah I, ξ2 Cet as Al Kaff al Jidhmah II, δ Cet as Al Kaff al Jidhmah III and μ Cet as Al Kaff al Jidhmah IV (exclude α Cet and λ Cet.)
In Chinese, (), meaning Circular Celestial Granary, refers to an asterism consisting of δ Ceti, α Ceti, κ1 Ceti, λ Ceti, μ Ceti, ξ1 Ceti, ξ2 Ceti, ν Ceti, γ Ceti, 75 Ceti, 70 Ceti, 63 Ceti and 66 Ceti. Consequently, the Chinese name for δ Ceti itself is (, .)
References
External links
B-type subgiants
Beta Cephei variables
Ceti, Delta
Cetus (constellation)
Durchmusterung objects
Ceti, 82
016582
012387
0779
Benedetto Landi (1578–1638) was a Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fossombrone (1628–1632).
Biography
Benedetto Landi was born in Velletri, Italy in 1578.
On 5 June 1628, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Fossombrone.
On 13 June 1628, they were consecrated bishop by Antonio Marcello Barberini, Bishop of Senigallia, with Lorenzo Azzolini, Bishop of Ripatransone, and Tiberio Cenci, Bishop of Jesi, serving as co-consecrators.
They served as Bishop of Fossombrone until their resignation on 15 November 1632.
They died in 1638.
Episcopal succession
While bishop, they were the principal co-consecrator of:
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Urban VIII
1578 births
1638 deaths
People from Velletri
Manuel "Manny" Lagos (born June 11, 1971) is an American retired soccer midfielder who last played for the Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer, and is the former Head Coach of Minnesota United FC.  They are the son of Buzz Lagos—a noted American soccer coach at both the college and professional levels—and the youngest of eight children.
Player
Early career
Born in St. Paul, Minnesota Lagos played college soccer for the NCAA Division-I Milwaukee Panthers from 1990 to 1992, and was named an NSCAA First-Team All-American in 1991. During and after college, from 1990 to 1996, Manny played for their father with the Minnesota Thunder, first as an amateur and a founding member of the club, and later as a professional. Amidst their Thunder days, they also had short stints with Clermont Foot in the French Third Division, and in Spain's lower divisions with Lleida.
In 1994, the Thunder's last year as an all-amateur side, Lagos led the team through a near-perfect season and was awarded the USL MVP award, having scored 18 goals and 9 assists. Upon leaving the club for MLS in 1996, they were inducted into the Thunder Hall of Fame with career totals of 29 goals and 12 assists; their brother and teammate, Gerard Lagos (who played for the team from 1990 through 2001) is also an inductee. In 2006, Manny was elected to the USL Hall of Fame.
MLS
In 1996, midway through the inaugural MLS season, Lagos was signed by the MetroStars. They impressed right away, but their season was cut short after they tore their left-knee's ACL, MCL, and LCL in a single horrific injury just six games in. Lagos made a comeback in the next season, playing in 15 league matches, but still impaired and less effective than before. Frustrated with their injuries, the Metros exposed Manny in the 1997 MLS Expansion Draft, where they were taken by the Chicago Fire. Nowhere near fully recovered and considering retirement, they only played one game for the MLS Cup champions in 1998, and went on to make only 9 appearances in 1999, always as a substitute, excluded from the first eleven due to their unreliable health and the Fire's surplus of attacking players.
Lagos' vagabond MLS career took them to the Tampa Bay Mutiny with Ritchie Kotschau on August 2, 1999, part of a trade for Sam George and Paul Dougherty. They came back swinging, scoring 4 goals in 10 games and earning Player of the Week honors. Lagos continued their momentum in 2000, when they scored 8 goals and added 7 assists in 1500 minutes, making them the league's tenth-place leader in points per game, but they would eventually request a trade for personal reasons, as their wife disliked Tampa and wished to pursue their law career elsewhere.
They were dealt to the San Jose Earthquakes in January 2001 on a draft-day trade for second-round and third-round picks, and played for the Earthquakes from 2001 through 2003, starting regularly in every season and winning MLS Cups in the bookend years. They enjoyed what was likely their best season in 2001, playing a key role in the Earthquakes' playoff run by adding 3 goals and 2 assists to regular season totals of 8 and 8. After their tenure with the 'Quakes, Lagos was traded to the Columbus Crew for a third-round draft pick, and was reunited there with long-time friend and youth soccer, college soccer, and Thunder teammate Tony Sanneh after Sanneh signed with the Crew late in 2004. Manny played 18 games and scored 1 goal for the Crew that year, but never really recovered from the last of their many knee surgeries, seeing their playing time dwindle to 5 appearances in 2005. They were waived by Columbus that May to make room for Chris Henderson and retired in June.
In their nine years in MLS, Lagos scored 27 goals and added 36 assists, plus 4 goals and 4 assists in the postseason. Though right-footed, they spent much of their career on the left side of midfield. Noted for their gangly legs and long, awkward strides, Lagos possessed an unusual style on the ball where their technical skill and knack for dribbling past opponents belied their superficially clumsy appearance.  They are remembered as a talented player who was dogged by knee injuries throughout their career.
National and Olympic Team
Lagos began their international career in the 1992 Summer Olympics, when they scored the second goal in a 3-1 win over Kuwait, the team's only victory. Their first full cap for the senior national team did not come until over nine years later, on December 9, 2001 against South Korea. They earned three caps for the US from 2001 to 2003, scoring no goals.
Management
In January 2006, Lagos was named the Director of Soccer Operations for the Minnesota Thunder. In this role, they have placed particular emphasis on youth development, community relations, and the team's stadium search. Manny has also done some sporadic work in broadcasting, serving as a color commentator for XM Radio during the 2006 World Cup.
On February 10, 2010 Lagos was appointed as the head coach of newly expansion NSC Minnesota Stars following the implosion of the Thunder.
Lagos led the Stars to victory in the 2011 NASL Soccer Bowl, and to a runner-up finish in the 2012 Soccer Bowl. After a disappointing 2013 season at the helm of the rebranded Minnesota United FC, Lagos led the Loons to the spring and regular season titles in 2014. They were named the NASL Coach of the Year in 2011 and in 2014, the only coach to have won the award twice.
At the conclusion of the 2014 season and the firing of Tampa Bay Rowdies coach Ricky Hill, Lagos became the longest tenured coach in the NASL. In five seasons with Minnesota, Lagos has a coaching record of 54-47-38 (W-L-D).
Upon the move of Minnesota United FC to MLS, they transitioned to a role as Sporting Director of the club.
Notes
1971 births
Living people
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
New York Red Bulls players
Chicago Fire FC players
Tampa Bay Mutiny players
San Jose Earthquakes players
Columbus Crew players
Olympic soccer players of the United States
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
CONCACAF Gold Cup-winning players
Sportspeople from Saint Paul, Minnesota
UE Lleida players
Clermont Foot players
USISL players
Minnesota Thunder players
Milwaukee Panthers men's soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in France
Soccer players from Minnesota
Major League Soccer players
Major League Soccer All-Stars
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
North American Soccer League coaches
Association football midfielders
Minnesota United FC
Minnesota United FC non-playing staff
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in football
All-American men's college soccer players
Footballers at the 1991 Pan American Games
American soccer coaches
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
The Port of Salalah is the largest port in Oman. Situated in the Dhofar Governorate, on the Arabian Sea which is on the northern part of the Indian Ocean, it is centrally located at the crossroads of trade between Asia and Europe. With over 2.5 billion consumers, it serves the markets of East Africa, the Red Sea, the Indian Subcontinent and the Arabian/Persian Gulf on its doorstep.
The port is part of the Maritime Silk Road that runs from the Chinese coast via the Suez Canal to the Mediterranean, there to the Upper Adriatic region of Trieste with its rail connections to Central and Eastern Europe.
In 2009, a container ship that had departed from this Oman port was hijacked by Somalian pirates.
History
Operator
The port has been managed by APM Terminals, the Danish terminal operating company, since 1998. The operating company, Salalah Port Services Company (S.A.O.G.), is listed on the Muscat Securities Market.
Terminals
The port operates both a container terminal and a general cargo terminal, and serves the local and regional community.
The port was formerly known as Raysut Harbour or Mina' Raysut or Port Raysut. It can accommodate large vessels up to 16m draft. It is the main Container Transhipment Terminal of the region.
See also
Railway stations in Oman - proposed
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20071012022603/http://www.salalahport.com/
https://web.archive.org/web/20111109131855/http://www.apmterminals.com/africa-mideast/salalah/
https://issuu.com/oeppa/docs/salalah_report_2016
Transport in Oman
Ports and harbours of Oman
Fall River Waterworks is a historic site located at the eastern end Bedford Street in Fall River, Massachusetts, along the shore of North Watuppa Pond. The property, which is still used as water works for the city, contains the original pumping station, intake house and tall standpipe water tower. The system was originally built between 1872 and 1875, and expanded or upgraded many times. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
The property also contains several non-contributing modern structures, that are still in use as part of the water works, including the 1976 filtration plant, the 1922 administration building, maintenance buildings and two large mid-20th century steel water tanks. The water supply system provides an average of 11 million gallons per day to Fall River and several surrounding communities.
History
Between 1870 and 1875, the City of Fall River experienced remarkable population growth. To keep up with demand for water for drinking and fire protection purposes, the Fall River Board of Water Commissioners was established in 1871. The buildings for the waterworks were constructed between 1872 and 1875 along the shore of North Watuppa Pond, a large naturally occurring water body at the east end of the city. The original buildings were constructed from local Fall River granite, mostly in the Ruskinian Gothic style. The engine house was designed to contain four engines, two for the high-service system and two for the low-service system. Initially, the system only contained two engines, one for each system. The first engine went into service in January 1874. It was a double horizontal condensing engine, built by the Boston Machine Company, and rated at 3 million gallons per day. It served the low-service system, which consisted of a 24-inch force main down Bedford Street to downtown. The high-service system consisted of a 16-inch force main down Bedford Street to Robeson, where it split to the higher elevations on each side of the Quequechan River. The high-service system went into service in 1875, and was supplied by a Worthington duplex pumping engine powering a pump rated at 5 million gallons per day. The pump house was also fitted with gates so that each pump could power either the high or low systems, if needed. By 1876, more than 45 miles of water pipe, ranging from 6 to 24 inches in diameter had been installed throughout the city.
The National Register designation includes the original pumping station that consists of the engine house, boiler house and coal house, the intake building, the standpipe water tower, as well as the 1908 Narrows gate house located at the southern end of North Watuppa Pond, adjacent to Interstate 195.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Buildings and structures in Fall River, Massachusetts
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Water supply infrastructure on the National Register of Historic Places
Towers completed in 1875
Water towers in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Water supply pumping stations in the United States
Water towers on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Filip Sunturlić (; born April 14, 1982) is a Serbian marketing specialist, basketball executive and former professional basketball player. Most recently, they served as the general manager of KK Crvena zvezda of the Basketball League of Serbia and the Adriatic League.
Playing career
Sunturlić spent the 2006–07 season with Spartak Subotica of the Basketball League of Serbia.
In Bosnia and Herzegovina, Sunturlić played for Leotar, Hercegovac, KK Student Tuzla and HKK Vitez. In Cyprus, they played for Petrolina AEK Larnaca during the 2008–09 season. Also, they played professional basketball for Rabotnički (Macedonia) and Petrochimi Bandar Imam (Iran).
Basketball executive career
Crvena zvezda (2011–2021)
Sunturlić have been serving as a marketing director for KK Crvena zvezda since September 2011. In July 2017, their marketing team was awarded with the Bronze Devotion Marketing Award from Euroleague Basketball. In March 2018, EuroLeague Basketball named them as a member of a working group for marketing and business development.
In July 2018, they were named as a general manager for Crvena zvezda, succeeding Davor Ristović on that position. As the general manager of the Zvezda, Sunturlić won two Serbian League championships (2018–19, 2020–21), a National Cup tournament (2021), and two Adriatic League championships (2019, 2021). They ended their term on 31 December 2021.
Personal life
Sunturlić earned their master's degree in sports marketing and management from the Ca' Foscari University of Venice in 2014.
In March 2008, they became an executive director for FTS Sport Media.
References
External links
Player Profile at the eurobasket.com
1982 births
Living people
AEK Larnaca B.C. players
Basketball players from Belgrade
Basketball League of Serbia players
Ca' Foscari University of Venice alumni
Guards (basketball)
Serbian marketing people
KK Crvena Zvezda executives
KK Leotar players
KK Rabotnički players
KK Spartak Subotica players
Petrochimi Bandar Imam BC players
Serbian basketball executives and administrators
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Iran
Serbian expatriate basketball people in North Macedonia
Serbian men's basketball players
Byford Secondary College is an Independent Public secondary school in Byford, a suburb south-east of Perth, Western Australia.
Overview
Stage one of the construction of Byford Secondary College opened in February 2014, and cost $35.2 million. Stage two opened in July 2016, and cost $14 million. Facilities included in that stage are an education support facility, arts centre, gymnasium and extension of the technologies building. The third and final stage opened in September 2017, two years ahead of schedule. The third stage included a double storey senior school building for Year 11 and 12 students, a staffroom, student services area, 3 information technology laboratories, 75-seat lecture theatre, 15 general classrooms and 2 educational support classrooms. The final stage cost $15.9 million.
Byford Secondary College opened to Year 8 students in 2014. An additional year group was added to the school each year after that, up until Year 12 in 2018. In addition, the school opened to Year 7 students in 2015, alongside most other public secondary schools in Western Australia. By 2018, the school had students from Year 7 to Year 12.
In March 2017, it was revealed that the educational support facility's $700,000 pool had not been used in the 9 months since it had been competed. Staff were not trained and accredited for using the pool until October 2016, and by then, the pool's heating system had to be replaced due to corrosion being detected. After it became usable, there were no students with a disability that required hydrotherapy. The principal stated, however, that students with those needs may enrol in the future now that the pool is operational. The president of the State Schools Teachers Union criticised that money was spent on a pool that is barely being used, when other schools find it hard to get good facilities.
In the 2021 Budget it was reported the College would receive an additional classroom block including STEM facilities valued at $21.5 million.
Michelle Barret was named the 2021 WA Education Assistant of the Year.
Academic results
2018 was the first year that Year 12 students graduated from Byford Secondary College.
Student numbers
See also
List of schools in the Perth metropolitan area
References
External links
Byford Secondary College website
Annual school reports (2014 – 2018)
Department of Education, Schools Online, Byford Secondary College (4193)
Public high schools in Perth, Western Australia
Educational institutions established in 2014
2014 establishments in Australia
Byford, Western Australia
ABC Goldfields-Esperance is an ABC Local Radio station based in Kalgoorlie. The station broadcasts to the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia, including the towns of Esperance, Coolgardie, Kambalda and Norseman.
The station was formally opened by the then State Member for Kalgoorlie, Herbert Henry Styants, on 10 December 1936. The station began broadcasting as 6GF from the first floor of the Post Office building in Hannan Street, Kalgoorlie.
Later the station moved its studios to the Salvation Army Citadel, prior to moving to premises on the corner of Porter and Brookman Streets. The station is currently located at 353 Hannan Street.
The transmitter at Esperance (callsign 6ED) was switched on in 1966. There are also a number of low power FM transmitters.
When local programs are not broadcast the station is a relay of 720 ABC Perth.
Currently the Breakfast show in Kalgoorlie is presented by Ivo Da Silva, the Mornings show by Dinushi Dias and the Esperance breakfast show by Emily Smith.
The Rural and Resources report from Esperance is presented by Tara de-Landgrafft. At the moment due to leave it's being presented by Emma Smith
Notes
References
See also
List of radio stations in Australia
Goldfields-Esperance
Radio stations in Western Australia
Goldfields-Esperance
Białystok Voivodeship may refer to the following administrative districts of Poland:
Białystok Voivodeship (1919–1939), as defined before World War II
Białystok Voivodeship (1945–1975), as defined after World War II
Białystok Voivodeship (1975–1998), as defined after 1975
Eilema albescens is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1910. It is found in Tanzania and Uganda.
References
Moths described in 1910
albescens
Insects of Tanzania
Moths of Africa
The green rosella or Tasmanian rosella (Platycercus caledonicus) is a species of parrot native to Tasmania and Bass Strait islands. It was described by the German naturalist Johann Friedrich Gmelin in 1788, and named on the mistaken assumption it came from New Caledonia. At long it is the largest species of the rosella genus, Platycercus. Two subspecies are recognised. The green rosella's underparts, neck and head are yellow, with a red band above the beak and violet-blue cheeks. The back is mostly black and green, and its long tail blue and green. The sexes have similar plumage, except the female has duller yellow plumage and more prominent red markings, as well as a smaller beak. Juvenile and immature birds have predominantly green plumage.
Found in a wide range of habitats with some form of tree cover, the green rosella is predominantly herbivorous, consuming seeds, berries, nuts and fruit, as well as flowers, but may also eat insect larvae and insects such as psyllids. Nesting takes place in tree hollows. Common and widespread across Tasmania, the green rosella is rated as least concern on the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)'s Red List of Endangered species. The King Island subspecies has been classed as vulnerable as its population has declined after much of its habitat on King Island was cleared.
Taxonomy
A green rosella specimen was collected in Adventure Bay, Tasmania, by ship's surgeon William Anderson on the third voyage of James Cook between 26 and 30 January 1777. Cook wrote of seeing "yellowish paroquets" in the woods there. Anderson collected many bird specimens while tasked as the expedition's naturalist, although they died of tuberculosis in 1778 before the return home. Many collection localities were incorrect, and notes were lost or pieced together many years later. The specimen, along with many others, ended up in the collection of British naturalist Sir Joseph Banks. English naturalist John Latham saw it there and wrote about the green rosella in their 1780s work A General Synopsis of Birds. They called it the Caledonian parrot as they assumed (incorrectly) it came from New Caledonia. They even suspected it might be the female of the horned parakeet, which they also saw in Banks' collection. Latham did not give them binomial names, however. It was left to German naturalist Johann Friedrich Gmelin to describe the species, which they did as Psittacus caledonicus in the 13th edition of Systema Naturae in 1788.
In 1820, German naturalist Heinrich Kuhl described a specimen that Robert Brown had collected from northwestern King Island on 23 April 1802 during Matthew Flinders' circumnavigation of Australia, naming it Psittacus brownii in honour of its collector. They based it on the description of la Perruche à large queue, "the long-tailed parrot" by French naturalist François Levaillant in their 1805 work Histoire Naturelle des Perroquets. Kuhl's name also took priority over Dutch zoologist Coenraad Jacob Temminck's published name of Psittacus flavigaster, which was published in 1822.
Irish zoologist Nicholas Aylward Vigors established the genus Platycercus in 1825, based on the distinctive architecture of the feathers in the tail and wing, including P. flavigaster and P. brownii within it. English naturalist James Francis Stephens named it Platycercus xanthogaster in 1826, though there was no need for a new binomial name. Australian amateur ornithologist Gregory Mathews noted that the name Platycercus flaviventris was commonly used in the 19th century, but highlighted the priority of both P. brownii and P. caledonicus over this, positing the last as the most senior name. They believed the specimens used for P. brownii had come from Derwent in Tasmania.
Mathews did feel the King Island form was distinctive, being larger and having more red in the plumage than Tasmanian populations and so described it as P. c. henriettae in 1915. This has since been reclassified as a synonym of P. c. brownii as its status has been recognized as distinct from the Tasmanian mainland taxon—now known as P. c. caledonicus. Mathews also described P. c. flindersi from Flinders Island in 1917, on the basis of darker plumage. It is now considered as not distinct from the Tasmanian mainland subspecies.
"Green rosella" has been designated the official name by the International Ornithological Committee (IOC). Alternative common names include Tasmanian rosella, yellow-breasted parakeet and mountain parrot. English zoologist John Gould called it the yellow-bellied parakeet, and early Tasmanian settlers knew it as the hill parrot.
One of six species of rosella in the genus Platycercus, the green rosella and related crimson rosella make up a "blue-cheeked" lineage. A 1987 genetic study on mitochondrial DNA found that the green rosella was basal to the other blue-cheeked forms, with the north Queensland population of the crimson rosella (P. elegans nigrescens) divergent from other subspecies of crimson rosella. In 2015, Ashlee Shipham and colleagues published a molecular study based on nuclear DNA finding that the North Queensland crimson rosella diverged earlier than the green rosella. They also estimated that the green rosella had diverged from the main crimson rosella lineage around 0.5 million years ago.
Description
The green rosella is the largest member of the rosella genus. Measuring from in length, an adult has long narrow wings with a wingspan of , and a long tail with twelve feathers, the central two of which are wider. The adult male is heavier, averaging around to the female's , and has a larger bill.
The adult green rosella has a yellow head and underparts with blue cheeks and red band on the forehead and upper lores. The yellow feathers of the forecrown, lower lores, cheeks, chest and thighs can have red markings, while the yellow feathers of the sides and rear of the head and neck, and the underparts have dark brown bases. The edges of the feathers on the underparts can be pale brown, resulting in a faint scalloping, which disappears with wear. Some of the yellow feathers of the nape have white bases and when worn, the bird can have a whitish patch on their nape. The yellow of the back of the head merges indistinctly into the dark plumage of the hindneck, mantle and back, which is black or dark brown with green margins. The feathers of the shoulders are blackish with yellow tips. These margins and tips are often worn by the finish of breeding season, leaving the plumage more solid black. The blue-violet feathers of the chin, throat and cheeks have brown-black bases. The blackish plumage of the back extends to the rump, and the long tail is dark green with brown shafts and dark blue outer feathers and tips. The wings are mostly black and green, with violet-blue marginal coverts, primary coverts, and alula, and blue-tinted dark brown primaries and outer secondaries. Underneath the feathers of the wings are dark brown with blue-violet tips. The iris is brown with a dark grey orbital ring, and the bill is pale-grey, with a dark grey cere. The legs are grey. The yellow plumage of the female is duller and more likely marked with red than that of the male, and the green edges to the black plumage of the upperparts are more prominent.
Young birds leaving the nest have juvenile plumage in their first year of life. Juveniles have a dark green head and neck, upperparts and underparts. The feathers all have dark brown bases. The wings are predominantly dark brown and black with a blue sheen. The wings and tail are shorter than those of adult birds. The bill may have a buff sheen. They have an under-wing stripe, which is not present in the adults. Moulting generally takes place between January and April for birds of all ages. Juvenile birds then adopt immature plumage, which is similar but with patches of yellow feathers on the underparts of adult plumage as well as some adult-coloured wing feathers. Some green juvenile feathers remain until the bird is in its second year of age, though are very worn by this time.
Distribution and habitat
Found across Tasmania and Bass Strait islands, the green rosella is one of the commonest birds encountered. It also occurs on offshore islands such as Maria, Bruny, De Witt and Maatsuyker Islands. Its movements have not been much studied. Although possibly locally nomadic in places, the green rosella is sedentary; even birds at higher altitudes do not migrate. It has become rare on King Island, due to land clearing and possibly competition with the introduced common starling (Sturnus vulgaris) for nesting sites. During breeding season there it is restricted to the Pegarah forest, though may venture elsewhere at other times.
It lives in most habitats with some form of tree cover up to 1500 m (5000 ft) above sea level. These include temperate Southern beech rainforest (where it generally keeps to the canopy), wet and dry sclerophyll forest, woodland, Melaleuca shrubland, coastal heath, dwarf alpine conifer forest, sedgeland, buttongrass moors, tussock grassland, as well as fields, orchards and urban parks and gardens.
Behaviour
Green rosellas are generally encountered in pairs or small groups, though young birds may gather in groups of 20 or more outside the breeding season. They sometimes share the company of eastern rosellas. They fly in a straight line, making rapid shallow wingbeats and gliding briefly in between.
The green rosella has a repeated two-syllable contact call, which has been written as kussik kussik or cossack cossack and is heard in flight. When perched, it utters a rising kwik-kweek kwik-kweek contact call. Birds also make a chattering call during courtship. They can screech shrilly when alarmed.
Breeding
The green rosella generally breeds at two years of age, though younger birds may pair up and look for nests. The breeding season is September to January, with one brood. The nesting site is usually a hollow over 1 m (3 ft) deep in a tree trunk anywhere up to 30 m (100 ft) above the ground. The tree chosen is generally a eucalypt such as Tasmanian bluegum, manna gum or mountain ash (E. regnans), or myrtle beech. Chimneys, holes in walls and even the vertical pipes of tennis court fences have been used. Green rosellas nested in a wall cavity at Port Arthur convict prison site in 1958 and 2009.
Laying takes place in September and October. A clutch of four or five white and slightly shiny eggs, measuring 30 x 24 mm, is laid. The incubation period has been recorded as anywhere from 19 to 23 days, with the female performing this duty alone. Newly hatched chicks are covered with long white down, and are largely helpless (nidicolous). They leave the nest four to five weeks after hatching and join up with other young birds in flocks, though rely on their parents for food for another fortnight after fledging.
Feeding
The green rosella is predominantly herbivorous, with the seeds of grasses and trees—especially eucalypts—forming the bulk of its diet; other items eaten include the seed of the soft tree fern (Dicksonia antarctica), cranberry heath (Astroloma humifusum), myrtle beech (Lophozonia cunninghamii), Australian blackwood (Acacia melanoxylon), silver wattle (Acacia dealbata) and buttercups (Ranunculus), berries, nuts and fruit, as well as flowers and new buds of southern sassafras (Atherosperma moschatum), mānuka (Leptospermum scoparium), shining tea-tree (Leptospermum nitidum), swamp honey-myrtle (Melaleuca squamea), Tasmanian bluegum (Eucalyptus globulus), Smithton peppermint (Eucalyptus nitida), messmate stringybark (Eucalyptus obliqua), snow gum (Eucalyptus pauciflora), manna gum (Eucalyptus viminalis), small-fruit hakea (Hakea microcarpa) and native plum (Cenarrhenes nitida). The green rosella has at times partaken of the berries of the common hawthorn (Crataegus monogyna), as well as Coprosma and Cyathodes, and even leaf buds of the common osier (Salix viminalis). It may eat insect larvae and insects such as psyllids of the genus Schedotrioza, which they extract from leaf galls on the black peppermint (Eucalyptus amygdalina).
Green rosellas generally forage in the canopy or understory of forested areas, or in hedges, shrubs and trees in more open areas. They come to the ground to eat fallen fruit or spilt grain in orchards or farmland. They keep quiet while on the ground, and are quite noisy when in trees. Green rosellas forage in pairs or small groups of under 20 individuals, though larger groups of 50 to 70 have been observed at stands of blackberries or thistles in fields. When feeding, they generally hold food items in their left feet and extract edible parts or break and discard nutshells with their beaks.
Status and conservation
Gould noted that early Tasmanian settlers regarded the abundant green rosella highly as food; they agreed that it was very tasty after trying it himself. Many farmers saw the species as a pest of orchards, and green rosellas were shot.
In 2016, the green rosella was rated as least concern on the IUCN Red List of Endangered species. This was on the basis of its large range—greater than 20,000 km2 (7700 mi2)—and small rate of decline in population. The King Island subspecies is listed under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 as vulnerable, and its population thought to number fewer than 500 birds. Around 70% of King Island's native vegetation has been cleared, and the remainder is highly fragmented and at risk of too-frequent bushfires. Like most species of parrots, the green rosella is protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) with its placement on the Appendix II list of vulnerable species, which makes the import, export, and trade of listed wild-caught animals illegal.
Aviculture
Green rosellas were regularly captured and kept as pets until the early 20th century. The species is reported to be hardier and easier to keep in captivity than other rosellas. However, it is not a popular bird in the aviary trade, possibly on account of its subdued colours. The species has a reputation for being apathetic and vulnerable to weight gain in captivity; hence it is recommended to be kept in a large aviary of at least 5 m (15 ft) long to keep it active, and to be fed little or no sunflower seeds. As it breeds late in the season, chicks are often small in the heat of summer and can suffer as a result.
References
Cited texts
External links
green rosella
green rosella
Parrots of Oceania
Endemic birds of Tasmania
green rosella
green rosella
Pinion may refer to a number of moths mostly in the family Noctuidae:
Brown-spot pinion, Agrochola litura
Lesser spotted pinion, Cosmia affinis
Lunar-spotted pinion, Cosmia pyralina
Pale pinion, Lithophane socia
Pretty pinion, Perizoma blandiata (family Geometridae)
Tawny pinion, Lithophane semibrunnea
White-spotted pinion, Cosmia diffinis
See also
Pinion (disambiguation)
Insect common names
At Least for Now is the debut studio album by English musician, singer, and poet Benjamin Clementine. It was released through Behind Records in France on 12 January 2015. The album was recorded after Clementine gained critical acclaim with their two previous EPs. Clementine returned to London in the new year to record their album, just as their career was starting to take off. They moved to Kensington High Street with a friend they had met in Tuscany then went back to Edmonton for a period of time until At Least for Now was completed. The album won the 2015 Mercury Music Prize.
At Least for Now went top 10 in France, and has been certified Gold there. The album was also well received by music critics, who praised its mixture of genres and uniqueness.
Album cover
Reviewer Calum Bradbury-Sparvell described the cover, noting, "Clementine stands in a shadowy profile with a Granny Smith cupped in their right hand, as if the Magritte's Son Of Man had finally plucked the offending fruit from their face, but promptly swiveled away from the limelight. An appropriate symbol for this debut LP, during which the mythos of the Edmonton-raised Métro busker, who went from sleeping rough to impressing Macca in a barefoot Later With Jools Holland performance, dissipates only to reveal something more inscrutable: a stranger in a trench coat."
Critical reception
Phil Mongredien from The Guardian said At Least for Now was "bold, brave, beautiful, and at times quite brilliant" and that "for the most part these piano-led songs sound unique."
Nake Chinen from The New York Times wrote that "As for Clementine's actual voice, it's a strange and frequently stunning instrument, a blade like tenor that can swoop into either a clarion cry or a guttural scowl. The inevitable comparison, notably on a song like "Adios", is to Nina Simone — to their demonstrative clarity of phrase, and the flickering incandescence of their timbre." AllMusic's Timothy Monger said that At Least for Now "makes its case as a one-man show for piano and voice. The compelling British singer/songwriter is dramatic, self-assured, and theatrical in the extreme, boasting a powerful voice that swells to fill the room, which, on this unique record, seems to expand and shrink at the drop of a hat. ... At Least for Now is a pop record of sorts, but completely on their own terms, and like Antony Hegarty (an acknowledged influence) and Rufus Wainwright, two artists who have similar aspirations of pseudo-classical grandeur, Clementine will no doubt be polarizing for many listeners. There is no question, however, of their raw talent, poeticism, and knack for beguiling melodies, and in this oversaturated market, the true mavericks will always rise above the din."
According to Dave Simpson of The Guardian, Clemetine "is reminiscent of Kevin Rowland in that they sound as if they are singing from the gut, and because they have to. If only they had Rowlands' economy: mannered vocal flourishes complicate the melodies when what's needed is simplicity. The addition of syrupy strings and pedestrian drumming further dilutes the impact of their raw talent. However, when they perform unadorned, melodies dripping from their fingertips, and expressing himself, their voice is difficult to forget."
Accolades
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
Benjamin Clementine – vocals, piano, keyboard, percussion, foot stamping on "St-Clementine-on-Tea-and-Croissants"
Alexis Brossard – drums
Manu Sauvage – bass guitar, keyboard bass
Jonathan Quarmby – bass guitar on "Quiver a Little"
Production
Benjamin Clementine – producer
Jonathan Quarmby – chief engineer
Engineer – Richard Woodcraft
Recorded at RAK Studios, London, England except the track "Adios", recorded in Paris at Marlon B Studios
Cover design – Benjamin Clementine, Akatre, based on The Son of Man painting by René Magritte (front)
Photography – Akatre (France inner portrait)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2015 albums
Benjamin Clementine albums
Mercury Prize-winning albums
Paul William Sharratt (2 August 1933 – 27 May 2009), was an English-born Australian entertainer and TV personality,.
Early years
Born in Staffordshire, they attended St Chad's School, Wolverhampton, but left without completing their education in order to marry the first of their four wives. This marriage was annulled at the instigation of their parents on the grounds that they had lied about their age and was still a minor. They were subsequently conscripted for two years National Service in the Royal Air Force, serving as an aircraftman at RAF Cranwell. Their interest in fiction, both spoken and in writing, was to remain with them for life, and they began their theatrical career as a stagehand at the Grand Theatre, Wolverhampton. They later joined the British Government's C.S.E. (Combined Services Entertainment), working in Europe, Africa and the Middle East as part of a puppet act.
Life in Australia
Sharratt moved to Australia in 1961.
Their company, Starcast Productions, was set up in 1965.
Based on Queensland's Gold Coast for most of the 1970s and '80s, they were involved in setting up the Tropicarnival.
Awards and recognition
In their TV career, they won 12 Logie Awards.
Sharratt was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) in the 1996 Australia Day Honours for "service to the arts, entertainment industry and the community.
Later career
Sharratt moved to Los Angeles and was one of the owners and executive producers at Associated Television, where they worked at various times with several actors, including Roger Moore, Robert Stack, and Lee Majors.
They died in Los Angeles in 2009 from a heart attack.
References
English emigrants to Australia
People from Staffordshire
1933 births
2009 deaths
Australian television personalities
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Lukinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 23 as of 2002.
Geography
Lukinskaya is located 10 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Rylkovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
François II de Hangest, Seigneur de Genlis, bailli & capitaine d'Évreux. (born unknown, died 1569) was a French military commander, notable for their roles during the French Wars of Religion.
In historic texts, they are often named simply Genlis or Jenlis. Such texts often do not mention their death, in 1569, and continue to use the same name to mean their younger brother Jean de Hangest, seigneur d'Yvoy.
Family
Although many texts mention fewer brothers, their parents, Adrien de Hangest and Françoise du Mas (daughter of Sr de l'Ille-Bannejon), had five sons:
Jean, who became Bishop of Noyon in 1532 and died in 1577.
François, seigneur de Genlis.
Claude, who became Abbot of Saint-Eloi de Noyon. John Calvin dedicated their first published work, the Seneca Commentary, to Claude.
Louis, sometimes referred to as Young Genlis (French: Jeune Genlis), who distinguished themselves at the Battle of Ceresole and died defending the town of Chalons in 1544
Jean, seigneur d'Yvoy, who as a Protestant became a principal lieutenant of Admiral de Coligny, in 1562 defended for 20 days but lost the town of Bourges.
None of the brothers had children.
During their youth, John Calvin often visited the Chateau of Genlis and the brothers. (Chateau de Montmort)
Military career
Like their father, François Genlis had a military career, initially in service of King Henry II of France. 14 April 1543 they were appointed Captain of the Louvre. In 1560, King François II made François Genlis a knight of the order of Saint-Michel, along with Crevecoeur and d'Humieres. In October 1557, the Spanish occupied Chauny. In a battle nearby, along with the French garrison of La Fère, François Genlis commanded a cavalry company against the Spanish.
After converting to Calvinism, François Genlis became Colonel-General for the Protestant “parti des religionaires”, which their brother Jean, seigneur d'Yvoy, also joined. At the Battle of Saint-Denis (10 November 1567), François Genlis commanded the right wing of the Protestant army and led a cavalry charge.
Also in 1567, they took the towns of Bray (with a ransom of 10,000 ecus), Chauny, Courcy, Vailly and Bruyères, then with the support of Bouchavesnes, the towns of Harccourt and Crecy. 27 September 1567, they sacked Soissons.
In 1568, François Genlis raised a dozen cornetts of cavalry and 2,000 harquebusiers to join the Prince of Orange in the Battle of le Quesnoy.
François Genlis died in 1569. Most texts repeat the line that they probably died in Strasbourg of “la rage” which today would translate as of rabies, but it could mean in despair as they had gone badly into debt funding that last unsuccessful military campaign. Other texts state that they contracted a hot fever during a siege and died on 14 February 1569 at Chateau de Besarbre or Bergzabern Palace, which belonged to Wolfgang, the Duc de Deux-Ponts, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken.
Aftermath
After the death of François, the family was heavily in debt, and they had to sell the lands and title to Pierre Brûlart.
Jean, seigneur d'Yvoy, the youngest brother used the name Genlis until their death in 1572.
References
Year of birth unknown
1569 deaths
French military leaders
Ai-jen Poo (, ; born 1974) is an American labor activist.  They are the president of the National Domestic Workers Alliance.  They are also the director of Caring Across Generations, a national coalition of 200 advocacy organizations working to transform the long-term care system in the US, with a focus on the needs of aging Americans, people with disabilities, and their caregivers.
 They are a 2014 recipient of the MacArthur "Genius" Award. In February 2015, the New Press released their book, The Age of Dignity: Preparing for the Elder Boom in a Changing America. They have been mentioned as a potential future Secretary of Labor under a Democratic administration.
Biography
Ai-jen Poo's Taiwanese-American parents instilled them with strong "social justice values". Them father Mu-ming Poo is a neuroscientist and one-time political activist who emigrated from Taiwan in the 1970s. Them mother Wen-jen Hwu has a PhD in chemistry as well as an MD, and was an oncologist at two of the top cancer centers in Taiwan. They were born in Pittsburgh, and graduated from Phillips Academy in 1992 and Columbia University, where they were one of more than 100 students who occupied the rotunda in Low Library; this occupation led to the creation of Columbia's Center for the Study of Ethnicity and Race.
They attended the 75th Golden Globe Awards in 2018 as a guest of Meryl Streep.
Accomplishments
Ai-jen Poo began organizing domestic workers in 1996, with CAAV Organizing Asian Communities, which is a division within the Committee Against Anti-Asian Violence.  They are the founder and former lead organizer of Domestic Workers United, an organization of the Caribbean, Latina, and African nannies, housekeepers, and elderly caregivers in New York that organizes for "power, respect, and fair labor standards".
In 2010, Domestic Workers United was instrumental in New York state passing the Domestic Workers Bill of Rights into law; this law was the first in the United States to guarantee domestic workers basic labor protections such as overtime pay, three days' paid leave, and legal protections from harassment and discrimination.
DWU helped to organize the first national meeting of domestic worker organizations at the US Social Forum in 2007, which resulted in the formation of the National Domestic Workers Alliance that year. They have been NDWA's director since April 2010. In 2011, Ai-jen Poo helped launch Caring Across Generations.
They have received the Open Society Institute Community Fellowship, the Union Square Award, the Leadership for a Changing World Award, the Ernest de Maio Award from the Labor Research Association, the Woman of Vision Award from Ms. Foundation for Women, the Alston Bannerman Fellowship for Organizers of Color, the Twink Frey Visiting Scholar Fellowship at University of Michigan Center for the Education of Women, and the Prime Movers Fellowship. In honor of the 100th Anniversary of International Women's Day, Ai-jen was recognized by Women Deliver as one of 100 women internationally who are "delivering" for other women. In 2009 they were named one of Crain's "40 Under 40" and Moves magazine's "Power Women". In 2010, the Feminist Press recognized them in their "40 Under 40" awards. In 2011 they were named one of Yes!'s Breakthrough 15, and received the Independent Sector's American Express NGen Leadership Award. In 2012, they were elected an Ashoka Fellow. That same year, they were also named one of the Time 100 in Time magazine, as well as one of Newsweeks "150 Women Who Shake the World".
In September 2014, they were one of 21 awarded a MacArthur Fellowship grant, the so-called "MacArthur genius grants". In 2017, they were awarded an honorary doctorate from the New School.
They have written for The Huffington Post, The Guardian, and other news outlets.
Supermajority
In the spring of 2019, Poo cofounded the group Supermajority with Cecile Richards and Alicia Garza. The group "aims to train and mobilize 2 million women over the next year to become organizers, activists, and leaders ahead of the 2020 election" to create a "multiracial, intergenerational movement for women's equity". The main goal of Supermajority is to "push politicians to adopt an agenda akin to what Richards called 'a women's new deal, with issues like "voting rights, gun control, paid family leave, equal pay, and others" viewed as "soft issues" being seen as "issues that impact everyone". In addition, they intend to educate women about issues such as "pay equity and affordable child care, as well as inform them on "basic organizing skills like voter registration". In the 2020 election, cofounder Richards says "[the group will be successful] if 54% of the voters in this country are women and if we are able to insert into this country the issues that women care about and elect a president who's committed to doing something about them."
Bibliography
Books
Critical studies, reviews, and biography
Andrea Cristina Mercado; Ai-jen Poo Domestic Workers Organizing in the United States. AWID (Association for Women's Rights in Development), 2008.
References
Further reading
1974 births
21st-century American writers
21st-century American women writers
Activists from Pennsylvania
American domestic workers
American people of Chinese descent
American writers of Taiwanese descent
Columbia College (New York) alumni
American trade union leaders
Living people
MacArthur Fellows
People from Pittsburgh
Phillips Academy alumni
Recipients of the Four Freedoms Award
Asian-American trade unionists
Felicistas were the supporters of Félix Díaz, nephew of former president Porfirio Diaz, who opposed the Madero and Carranza governments in Mexican rebellions between 1913 and 1920.
Factions of the Mexican Revolution
Øyvin Norborg (19 September 1939 – 2 October 2017) was a Norwegian journalist, newspaper editor and organizational leader.
They were born in Oslo, and graduated in history and political science from the University of Oslo.
They were appointed journalist for Vårt Land from 1964, editor for Romsdals Budstikke from 1970 to 1983, editor for Drammens Tidende og Buskeruds Blad from 1983 to 1991, and for Østlandets Blad from 1991 to 1994. From 1994 to 2006 they served as chief editor of Kommunal Rapport.
References
1939 births
2017 deaths
Journalists from Oslo
Norwegian newspaper editors
University of Oslo alumni
A. A. Krishnaswami Ayyangar (1892–1953) was a mathematician from India. They got their M.A. in Mathematics at the age of 18 from Pachaiyappa's College and subsequently started teaching mathematics there. In 1918 they joined the Mathematics Department of University of Mysore and retired from there in 1947. They were born in a Tamil brahmin family. They died in June 1953.  They are the father of the Kannada poet and scholar A. K. Ramanujan.
Works
Ayyangar wrote an article on the Chakravala method and showed how the method differs from the method of continued fractions. They recounted that this point was missed by Andre Weil, who thought that the Chakravala method was only an "experimental fact" to the Indians and attributed general proofs to Fermat and Lagrange.
Professor Subhash Kak of Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge first noted that Ayyangar's presentations of Indian works were unique, and was instrumental in bringing it to the notice of the scientific community.
References
External links
Brief life and some papers
1892 births
1953 deaths
20th-century Indian mathematicians
University of Mysore faculty
Scientists from Karnataka
Roderick Moores (born April 9, 1949) was a Canadian politician. They represented the electoral district of Carbonear in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1975 to 1982. They were a member of the Liberal Reform Party. They were born at Carbonear.
References
1949 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Newfoundland Reform Liberal Party MHAs
Laurence Mosely (born May 10, 1933) is an American former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1933 births
Living people
American male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of the United States
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
Eilema albidula is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Francis Walker in 1864. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Nigeria and Sierra Leone.
References
Moths described in 1864
albidula
Insects of West Africa
Moths of Africa
The Sandy Hook Proving Ground was a military facility along the Atlantic coast of New Jersey established by the Secretary of War on August 7, 1874, to serve as the United States Army's first proving ground for the testing of ordnance and material. The facility was located at Sandy Hook, a narrow coastal spit of land, approximately in length and 0.5 miles (varying between 0.1 and 1 miles) wide, in Middletown Township in Monmouth County. The facility was operated in conjunction with the adjoining Fort Hancock. Essentially abandoned in 1919 for a larger facility, the area was left to degrade and most of the structures still remain today. The proving ground and parts of Fort Hancock are now property of the National Park Service and mostly closed to the public.
Background
The Civil War, just ten years earlier, had introduced several new innovations in weaponry. Rifled cannon fired pointed-nosed projectiles farther and faster than cannonballs and ironclad warships with mounted guns that could destroy the walls of a traditional fort. The Army needed a place to test its own new weapons. The Sandy Hook Peninsula met the Army's needs for an experimental testing area for heavy ordnance and was on land that was already government owned, which provided flat and open areas for testing. Sandy Hook was distant enough to be far from towns but close enough to large cities and transportation by water. In 1874, most of Sandy Hook was covered with holly and cedar forests and tidal marshes which still cover a large percentage of it today. Most of the Federal development of the Hook was concentrated on the northern end. A huge granite five-bastioned fort near the northern end of the Hook dominated the area, even though it was still incomplete and was destined never to be completed. In addition to the fort, there was the Engineer's wharf, erected on the western shore in 1857, to accommodate the fort's construction, the Engineers' shop and quarters, and the Sandy Hook Life-Saving Station, established on the northeastern shore in 1854. It was decided to lay out the Proving Ground on the eastern margin of the Hook, just below the southeast bastion of a Civil War-era fort. The firing range was to extend southward along the beach with the facilities consisting of the wooden gun platforms of the proof battery, a bombproof, a frame instrument house, and sand butts on the firing range.
After its formal establishment in 1874, it was nearly two years before facilities were completed that allowed staffing and testing to reach its potential. Because of the period of time involved, the bulk of the weaponry designed, built and installed for coastal defense under both the Taft and Endicott Boards were tested at Sandy Hook. Over time, several red brick buildings, including structures used as maintenance buildings and an Officers Club, were built as part of the Proving Ground. When Fort Hancock was commissioned in 1895 as a Coast Artillery Post, it shared the peninsula with the Proving Ground.
Proof Battery
The "Proof Battery," where new and converted guns would be fired, was built at the northeastern end of Sandy Hook along the ocean side. The firing range extended south along the beach and for long range test firing, guns would be aimed out to sea to provide the necessary distance. The first test firing took place in October 1874, when a Rodman smoothbore cannon, converted into an rifled gun, was fired. After firing 700 rounds, the Ordnance Board found the gun to still be "sound and serviceable."
To test the guns' striking power, armor-piercing projectiles were fired at large, thick iron plates, similar to those used in making warships. These tests proved that rifled Rodman guns could penetrate the armor but only at limited distances. In the 1880s, new high- powered, breech-loading rifled cannons made of steel were introduced. They had greater ranges and more striking power. When new models of guns and mortars passed their ordnance tests, they were mass-produced at gun foundries around the country and then sent to Sandy Hook for testing before being issued for use. Many new types of gunpowder, artillery shells, fuses and primers used to explode projectiles were also tested.
In 1900, Proof Battery was relocated because of Fort Hancock's need for the location to build a gun battery. The new Battery was built southeast of its old location. The eastern end of the new Proof Battery was designed for test firing machine guns, field and siege guns, and howitzers – larger guns like a caliber – were tested fired at the west end of the battery. In the middle were mounted a variety of guns from caliber. When a gun was fired, the gun crew stood behind thick concrete walls in the niches in case the gun blew up during testing and personnel could watch from atop a observation tower behind the traverses.
Base railroad
In 1889, a narrow gauge railroad was constructed to bring equipment and guns from the docks to the proof battery. In 1893, a standard gauge railroad was completed to the mainland and connected with commercial railroad lines that were originally built to allow civilians from steamships to travel down the shore. It is believed that the New Jersey Southern Railroad had a dock in Horseshoe Cove. The train would then take the tourists that came from New York City to destinations including Long Branch.
When Fort Hancock did not want civilians near its facilities, the civilian railroad was moved to a dock in the Spermaceti Cove vicinity and later removed altogether. Later, the Sandy Hook Proving Ground took over the railroad on the Hook, and utilized it for passenger, troop train, and railway gun movements. This also allowed for interchange with Class 1 railroads at Highlands, New Jersey. The Sandy Hook Proving Ground's engine was named "General Rodman". When they left circa 1920, the railroad operation was transferred to the engineer unit at Fort Hancock.
Final years
Sandy Hook Proving Ground became a permanent installation in 1903 and continued to test weapons through World War I. During the war, the site was commanded by Colden Ruggles, who later served as the Army's Chief of Ordnance. A dual military command existed with the Sandy Hook Proving Ground – contained within the site of Fort Hancock – continuing to test ordnance equipment while the Coast Artillery Corps exercised the harbor defense mission for New York Harbor. However, as guns could hit targets further and further away, Sandy Hook lacked enough space to test new long-range guns. In 1919, when Sandy Hook could no longer contain the ever-increasing range of larger and more powerful weapons, testing was moved to the Aberdeen Proving Ground in Aberdeen, Maryland.
References
Gallery
External links
Sandy Hook Proving Ground
National Park Service: History of the Sandy Hook Unit
Sandy Hook Proving Ground / Fort Hancock pictures
Military installations in New Jersey
Sandy Hook, New Jersey
Proving grounds
Military facilities on the National Register of Historic Places in New Jersey
National Historic Landmarks in New Jersey
Historic district contributing properties in New Jersey
National Register of Historic Places in Monmouth County, New Jersey
1874 establishments in New Jersey
1919 disestablishments in New Jersey
Chang Yu-lung is a Taiwanese pool player, and winner of the 2015 World Cup of Pool alongside Ko Pin-yi. Yu-Lung won the 2015 Steinway Classic defeating Ko Ping-chung in the final.
Titles
World Cup of Pool (2015) - with (Ko Pin-yi)
China Open 9-Ball Championship (2010, 2014)
Steinway Classic 10-Ball (2015)
References
External links
Chang Yu-Lung at AZBilliards.com
Year of birth missing (living people)
Taiwanese pool players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Sancho of Portugal may refer to:
Sancho I of Portugal, nicknamed the Populator, (1154 - 1212)
Sancho II of Portugal, nicknamed "the Pious" and "the Caped" or "the Capuched", (1209 - 1248)
The Prosperity and Solidarity Party (, PSP) is a political party in Rwanda.
History
The PSP contested the 2008 elections as part of the Rwandan Patriotic Front-led coalition, winning a single seat. It did not run in the 2013 elections.
References
External links
Official website
Political parties in Rwanda
Petergensfeld is a district of the Belgian municipality of Raeren in the German-speaking community. It is located directly on the German-Belgian border and represents the western continuation of the German village Roetgen.
Petergensfeld is located around 18 kilometers southeast of Aachen on the northeastern edge of the High Fens on the river Weser.
In addition to the standard German taught in school and used in the community, the traditional regional "Platt" is a Ripuarian dialect.
References
Raeren
The 2020 Winter Youth Olympic Games (; ; ; ), officially known as the III Winter Youth Olympic Games and commonly known as Lausanne 2020 (Italian and Romansh: Losanna 2020), was the third edition of the Winter Youth Olympics; a major international multi-sport event and cultural festival for teenagers that was held in Lausanne, Switzerland, the home of the International Olympic Committee, between 9 and 22 January 2020.
Bidding process
The bidding calendar was announced by the IOC on 6 June 2013, with the application deadline set for 28 November 2013. Lausanne (Switzerland) and Brașov (Romania) were only two cities that submitted the bids and were selected as the final candidates.
Host city selection
The IOC voted to select the host city of the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics on 31 July 2015 at the 128th IOC Session at the Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Lausanne was selected by 71 votes to 10, as it got at least 41 votes needed for a majority.
Venues
Lausanne
Vaudoise Aréna – Opening ceremony, Ice hockey finals
Malley 2.0 – Figure skating, Short Track
Lausanne campus – Olympic village
Le Flon – Medal ceremonies, Closing ceremony
Jura
Prémanon, France – Ski jumping, Biathlon, Nordic Combined
Le Brassus – Cross-country Skiing
Alps
Leysin – Ski Freestyle (Halfpipe, Slopestyle), Snowboard (Halfpipe, Slopestyle)
Les Diablerets – Alpine skiing
Villars-sur-Ollon – Ski Cross, Snowboard Cross, Ski Mountaineering
Champéry, Valais – Curling
St. Moritz, Graubünden – Speed skating, Bobsleigh, Skeleton, Luge, Medal ceremonies
The Games
Sports
The Youth Olympic Games featured 8 sports and 16 disciplines. 81 events took place which included 13 mixed team events (NOCs), 34 men's events, and 34 women's events. Ski mountaineering and women's Nordic combined was featured for the first time in an Olympic event. A mixed-NOC 3-on-3 ice hockey tournament and a women's doubles event in luge were also contested for the first time.
Participating National Olympic Committees
A total of 1,788 athletes from 79 nations qualified, the most for any edition of a Winter Youth Olympics. 12 NOCs made their Winter Youth Olympics debuts: Albania, Azerbaijan, Ecuador, Haiti, Hong Kong, Kosovo, Pakistan, Qatar, Singapore, Thailand, Trinidad and Tobago, and Turkmenistan. Qatar and Turkmenistan have never competed at the Winter Olympics and Haiti competed at the 2022 Winter Olympics.
Number of athletes by National Olympic Committee
Calendar
All dates are CET (UTC+1)
Medal table
Athlete Rolemodels
Records
Opening Ceremony
The opening ceremony of the 2020 Winter Youth Olympic Games took place on the evening of Thursday 9 January 2020 at the Vaudoise Aréna, in Lausanne.
Closing Ceremony
The closing ceremony of the 2020 Winter Youth Olympic Games took place on the evening of Thursday 22 January 2020 at the Medals Plaza Lausanne. The ceremony featured the flag handover from mayor of Lausanne Grégoire Junod to IOC President Thomas Bach and to the governor of Gangwon Choi Moon-soon as host of the 2024 Winter Youth Olympics and the extinguishing of the Youth Olympic flame.
Marketing
Mascot
Yodli the official mascot was unveiled on 8 January 2019 at CIG de Malley before match between Lausanne HC and HC Davos. Yodli is inspired by a combination of a cow, a Saint Bernard dog, and a goat, and was created by ERACOM. Blue represents the Swiss lakes.
Colours
Magenta, Sky Blue
Tickets
It was announced that all events apart from the opening ceremony would be free to watch in January 2020.
Media coverage
- Eurosport
- Mediacorp (delay)
– Plan B
- Unifi TV
- Olympic Channel
- Marca Claro (online), TUDN (Delay)
- BBC iPlayer (online)
See also
Lausanne bid for the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics
References
External links
Official IOC website
Results Book
2020 in multi-sport events
2020
Olympic Games in Switzerland
2020 in Swiss sport
Youth sport in Switzerland
Sports competitions in Lausanne
Multi-sport events in Switzerland
Winter sports competitions in Switzerland
Switzerland at the Youth Olympics
2020 in youth sport
January 2020 sports events in Europe
2020 in winter sports
Christos Albanis (; born 8 February 1999) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a winger for Super League 2 club Panathinaikos B.
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Asteras Tripolis F.C. players
A.E. Karaiskakis F.C. players
Association football wingers
Footballers from Livadeia
Angadenia berteroi, the pineland golden trumpet, is a plant species in the family Apocynaceae, first described in 1844. It is native to Florida (Monroe + Dade Counties), North Carolina (Washington County), Bahamas, Cuba, Hispaniola, and the Turks & Caicos Islands.
References
External links
US Department of Agriculture Plant Profile
Institute for Regional Conservation, Floristic Inventory of South Florida
Gardening Europe
Echiteae
Flora of the Southeastern United States
Flora of the Caribbean
Plants described in 1844
Seko is a district of North Luwu Regency, South Sulawesi, Indonesia. A mountainous district with a population of 13,000 people, it is a relatively isolated region from the rest of the regency and province.
Geography
Seko is located roughly at the geographical center of Sulawesi, approximately 600 km away from the provincial capital of Makassar and 140 km from the regency seat at Masamba. It is located to the north of the regency, bordering the provinces of West Sulawesi and Central Sulawesi. The district's topography is mountainous with stretches of savanna land. The rivers of Betue, Kasumong, and Oro flow through the district, the rivers merging to form the Karama River. The region has an elevation of about 1,000 meters. With an area of over 2,100 square kilometers, it is the largest district in North Luwu Regency.
History
A number of stone structures, carvings and artefacts have been found in Seko, estimated to indicate human habitation from at least the 15th century. Earthen mounds and burial sites are also found across the district. Seko contained iron ore mines, one of the few in premodern Indonesia to be easily accessible, and gold was also panned in the rivers, resulting in the region's integration with an ancient trade network. At some point, it was conquered by the Luwu Kingdom, whose ruler assigned the region its current name.
Administration
Seko is subdivided into twelve villages, listed below. The district office is located in the village of Padang Balua.
Culture
Aside from the administrative division, the broader Seko area is traditionally divided into three traditional regions: Seko Padang, Seko Tengah, and Seko Lemo, and local tradition further divided these regions into nine customary areas. The Seko Padang area is drained by the Betue and Kasumong rivers, whilst the Seko Tengah area comprises the lower Betue river after Kasumong's confluence and the Seko Lemo area is drained by the Oro river. The region is home to the Seko languages, a native language group with around 9,000 speakers in the 1980s.
Transport
Seko is connected to Masamba by a partially (as of 2020) paved road, which reached Seko in early 2020. The trip from Masamba to Seko takes around 5 hours. Prior to the road's opening, Seko was largely isolated from land routes, requiring offroad motorbike taxis to reach which were reported as "the most expensive motorcycle taxi in Indonesia".
The Seko Airport serves the district with pioneer flights to Masamba, Palu, Toraja, and Ampana.
Economy
With the recent opening of the road to Masamba, Seko has been electrified, with its economy based around agriculture with products including rice, cocoa, and coffee. Rice farms are mostly wetland paddy fields, covering over 4,200 hectares, with around 450 hectares being planted with coffee and another 750 hectares with cocoa. There are plans for the development of a mine, plantations and a hydroelectric power plant, which has faced significant opposition from locals and environmental groups.
References
Districts of South Sulawesi
Erminio Favalli (29 January 1944 – 18 April 2008) was an Italian football player and managing director, who played as a midfielder. They spent most of their playing career with Juventus and Palermo, and joined Cremonese as part of the managing staff after their retirement from active football.
Career
Playing career
Favalli was born 1944 in Cremona, and started their playing career with hometown club Cremonese, then in Serie C. They later joined Internazionale, then moving to Foggia the following year. From 1966 to 1970 they played for Juventus. They then moved to Mantova before to join Palermo, where they spent seven seasons as a rosanero mainstay. They retired in 1977.
Favalli won a total of two Serie A championships: with Internazionale in 1964–65, and with Juventus in 1966–67.
Post-playing career
In 1982, they started a career as director of football with Cremonese, their first professional team as a player. They then filled the same position for Palermo in the 1980s before to return to Cremonese, where they oversaw the club successes in the 1990s, including an Anglo-Italian Cup won in 1993. From 2002 to 2007 they worked with Pizzighettone, being part of the club management that led the minor Lombardian side from Serie D to Serie C1. They returned to Cremonese for the 2007–08 season, this time as Emiliano Mondonico's assistant coach.
Death
Favalli suddenly died on 18 April 2008, aged 64, because of a fatal heart attack.
References
Italian footballers
1944 births
2008 deaths
Sportspeople from Cremona
Serie A players
Serie B players
U.S. Cremonese players
Inter Milan players
Calcio Foggia 1920 players
Juventus F.C. players
Mantova 1911 players
Palermo F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Lombardy
Bivolari is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bivolari, Buruienești, Soloneț, Tabăra and Traian.
Natives
Vlad Neculau
Alexandru Tzaicu
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Populated places on the Prut
Indium(I) bromide is a chemical compound of indium and bromine. It is a red crystalline compound that is isostructural with β-TlI and has a distorted rock salt structure. Indium(I) bromide is generally made from the elements, heating indium metal with InBr3. It has been used in the sulfur lamp. In organic chemistry, it has been found to promote the coupling of α, α-dichloroketones to 1-aryl-butane-1,4-diones. Oxidative addition reactions with for example alkyl halides to give alkyl indium halides and with NiBr complexes to give Ni-In bonds are known. It is unstable in water decomposing into indium metal and indium tribromide. When indium dibromide is dissolved in water, InBr is produced as a, presumably, insoluble red precipitate, that then rapidly decomposes.
See also
Indium halides
References
WebElements
Indium(I) compounds
Bromides
Metal halides
The Sopwith Special torpedo seaplane Type C was the first British aircraft designed to drop torpedoes. A single-engine biplane floatplane, it flew in July 1914 but proved unable to lift the design load and was soon abandoned.
Design and development
The Admiralty's interest in torpedo delivery by aircraft began in November 1913, expressed by an order placed with Sopwith for a "mock-up" seaplane torpedo carrier, the Sopwith Type TT. This was intended only to taxi, not fly; its trials extended over the following May and June. In February 1914, before trials of the Type TT had begun, this contract was extended to include a second, flying, experimental torpedo carrying seaplane. The resulting Special torpedo seaplane Type C was delivered to RNAS Calshot on 1 July 1914, carrying the RNAS serial number 170.
The Special was a four-bay biplane, with square-tipped, constant-chord, unequal-span wings connected by pairs of parallel interplane struts. The 4 ft (1.2 m) overhangs of the upper wings were braced with an extra pair of interplane struts, leaning outwards and attached to the lower wing at the same points as the outer vertical interplane struts. There were externally interconnected ailerons on both upper and lower wings. The lower wings were attached to the bottom fuselage and the upper ones supported well above the top of the fuselage.
The fuselage was a flat-sided girder structure; the crew occupied tandem cockpits, with the pilot at the rear. The Salmson 2M7 water-cooled radial engine was placed just in front of the forward cockpit, close to the wing leading edge, with tall radiators on either side of the fuselage. It drove a two-bladed propeller via a long drive shaft within a markedly tapered nose. The Special had a pair of struts mounted main floats, supplemented with small wingtip and tail floats. The main floats were long, in the beam and deep, spaced apart. Each float had two sprung connections to its struttage.
The Special's performance turned out to be very disappointing. It was first taxi tested on 6 July 1914 at Calshot but would not take off. It flew for the first time three days later, though with only the pilot aboard and with little fuel. After it became clear that it could not lift its design load, it went back to Sopwith's for wing modifications. It returned to Calshot but was found still unfit for the torpedo dropping role. In November it was modified to carry bombs, but by January it was being broken up. In the meantime, a modified Short Admiralty Type 81 (S.84, RNAS serial 121) had become the first British aircraft to drop a torpedo, on 27 July 1914.
Specifications
See also
References
1910s British military aircraft
Special torpedo seaplane Type C
Aircraft first flown in 1914
Carmen Babiano Méndez-Núñez (1852–1914) was a Spanish painter and a pioneer in feminine art.
They were born in Santiago de Compostela. At the Santiago Exhibition, 1875, they exhibited two oil paintings and two landscapes in crayon; at Corufia, 1878, a portrait in oil of the Marquis de Méndez Núñez; at Pontevedra, 1880, several pen and water-color studies, three life-size portraits in crayon, and a work in oil, "A Girl Feeding Chickens." They died in Pontevedra.
References
1852 births
1914 deaths
Painters from Galicia (Spain)
People from Santiago de Compostela
Spanish women artists
19th-century Spanish painters
20th-century Spanish painters
19th-century Spanish women artists
20th-century Spanish women artists
École d'Application is a school in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is adjacent (south) to the Lycée de Garçons Nouakchott, sandwiched between that and the Stade de la Capitale.
See also
Education in Mauritania
Lists of schools
References
Educational institutions with year of establishment missing
Nouakchott
Schools in Mauritania
The 1941 William & Mary Indians football team was an American football team that represented the College of William & Mary in the Southern Conference during the 1941 college football season. In their third season under head coach Carl M. Voyles, the Indians compiled an 8–2 record (4–1 against conference opponents), finished fourth in the conference, and outscored opponents by a total of 253 to 64. The team played its home games at Cary Field in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Three William & Mary players were selected by the Associated Press (AP) or United Press (UP) as first-team players on the 1941 All-Southern Conference football team: back Harvey Johnson (AP-1, UP-1); guard Garrard Ramesey (AP-1, UP-1); and end Glen Knox (UP-1).
Schedule
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
Tin Hats is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick (his first for MGM), starring Claire Windsor and Conrad Nagel. The film is considered partially lost.
Plot
Three United States soldiers (Conrad Nagel, George Cooper and Tom O'Brien) are lost in the Rhineland on Armistice Day and accepted as conquering overlords by a village... except for Lady Bountiful (Claire Windsor).
Cast
Conrad Nagel as Jack Benson
Claire Windsor as Elsa von Bergen
George Cooper as 'Lefty' Mooney
Bert Roach as 'Dutch' Krausmeyer
Tom O'Brien as Sergeant McGurk
Eileen Sedgwick as Freida
References
External links
1926 films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Silent American comedy films
Western Front (World War I) films
Films set in Germany
Films directed by Edward Sedgwick
1926 comedy films
1920s American films
John Cullen (born 1 January 1961), known professionally as Johnny Hero, is a radio DJ, musician and football coach from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Hero has been a drummer and vocalist for the Ex-Producers since 1979.  They are also a singer for GlamSlam. Since February 1990 they have been a radio presenter, having started on a pirate radio station, they moved to Downtown Radio and presented there for 20 years. They left Downtown and joined U105, where they have run the Drivetime show from 2010.
Personal life
Hero has a younger sister, Linda Cullen (born 1967) who is also a co-presenter at U105, and two brothers, Patrick and Paul.
Hero has been married to Lisa Cullen since 1999. They met through Hero's sister Linda. They have two children together, Rebecca (born 2001) and John (born 2002).
Away from their musical career, Hero volunteers as a football coach for Carryduff Colts.
Music career
Early career
Hero got into the industry in 1977, soon after DJing for their local community centre in place of a group of nuns. They have been a DJ in many clubs across Belfast, including Limelight.
Ex-Producers (1978–1982, 2004–)
Hero was in The Producers in 1978 and 1979. The band consisted of Henry Savage (vocals), Brendan McGarrigle (guitar), Tom Condon (guitar), Joe Donnelly (bass) and Hero (drums). Hero and Donnelly had previously been in a band called Blitz together. Donnelly was replaced by Dee Moore and McGarrigle left and the quartet carried on as the Ex-Producers from late 1979 to 1982. The Ex-Producers recorded a four song session for Downtown Radio in October 1979. They appeared on BBC performing "Newer Wave '79". Savage left and Hero took over vocals as well as drumming. The trio recorded for the album Shock Rock in 1980. The band recorded another live set for the BBC in 1981. In 1982 the band split. They have since reformed in the 2004, with Norman Boyd, Billy Causby, Petesy Burns and Gordie Walker joining Hero. Dermo Wilson and Steven Donnelly joined in 2014. They are currently signed to Spit Records, and have new releases scheduled with the 4 A.D. label in 2019.
Songs
Loyalty (1979)
Newer Wave '79 (1979)
P-Check (1979)
Hole in the Head (1979)
Behind the Door (1980)
The System is Here (1980)
"No Complaints" won the BBC "Best Songwriter of The Year Award" in 1981.
10 Past 7 and Hi-Rise (1981–1983)
Following the disbandment of the Ex-Producers, Hero was in 10 Past 7, with Bap Kennedy and Brian Kennedy prior to the band's break in 1983. They were also in a reggae band, Hi-Rise, which played between 1981 and 1982.
GlamSlam (1980s–present)
Hero became the singer of GlamSlam, with Henry Cluney (guitar), Billy Blackcloud (bass) and Gordie Walker (drums). Cluney left and Norman Boyd is now the guitarist.
Songs
The Leader!!! (1991)
Tell Him (1991)
Coz I Luv You (1991)
Hi Ho Northern Ireland (2007)
Live Album "How Much More Live Can It Be?"
Radio career
Hero got started in radio in February 1990 when their sister spotted an advert on Ceefax for a pirate radio station K.I.T.S in Monaghan. The pair both sent demos to the station and subsequently got jobs there.
They went on to work at Downtown Radio between the 1990s and 2010. In 2010, Hero alongside fellow presenters Dougi Marshall and Robert Skates were taking part in a Downtown Radio charity fundraiser when the boat they were on sank off the Antrim coast, with the three presenters as well as three crew members needing to be rescued. The rescue operation took four and a half hours. Hero stated the station didn't give support after the incident and left Downtown, moving to U105.
They have presented the Drivetime show on U105 since 2010, including Johnny Hero's Minute to Win It and The Golden Years, as well as The Film Review with their sister Linda Cullen.
Millionaire incident
Hero appeared on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? in 2007. They were knocked out on £64,000, while answering the £125,000 question, which meant they left with £32,000. However, the question asked, "Who was on the throne when Robert Walpole became Britain's first prime minister?" had a debatable answer. Despite asking to come back on, the producers refused, despite the fact Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen was allowed back on in similar circumstances.
Awards
Hot Press Awards for their "Indie" show on Downtown (x3)
Radio Presenter Of The Year by Industry magazine "X-Trax"
References
1961 births
Drummers from Northern Ireland
Living people
Male drummers
20th-century male singers from Northern Ireland
Male writers from Northern Ireland
Musicians from Belfast
Radio DJs from Northern Ireland
Radio and television announcers
Rock singers from Northern Ireland
Rock musicians from Northern Ireland
People from County Down
Singer-songwriters from Northern Ireland
21st-century male singers from Northern Ireland
Coleburn railway station served the area of Coleburn, Moray, Scotland from 1863 to 1926 on the Morayshire Railway.
History
The station opened on 5 June 1863 as Coleburn's Platform by the Great North of Scotland Railway. . The station closed for regular passenger service in April 1867 but remained available as a private station with trains stopping on request. It closed again for good in July 1926.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Moray
Former Great North of Scotland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1863
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1926
1863 establishments in Scotland
1926 disestablishments in Scotland
The Commonwealth Avenue Bridge are two parallel pre-stressed concrete box girder road bridges that carry Commonwealth Avenue across Lake Burley Griffin, and connect and in Canberra, in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
History
The current bridge is the fourth crossing over the Molonglo River. The first Commonwealth Avenue Bridge, completed 1916, was damaged in the 1922 flood. The second, using three Leychester-type trusses, was completed in 1924 and damaged in floods a year later. The third bridge, completed in 1927, was a modification of the 1924 bridge, by raising the bridge by and adding a fourth truss. At that time, Molonglo River was not dammed to form Lake Burley Griffin. Building on the plan developed by Walter Burley Griffin, in 1957 William Holford proposed to the Australian Government that the Molonglo be dammed near Yarralumla and that Canberra's 'two halves' should be joined via a lake.
Construction of the Commonwealth Avenue Bridge began in March 1961 and the bridge was opened in November 1963. Concurrently, the Kings Avenue Bridge was opened in March 1962; and Scrivener Dam was completed in September 1963. Both bridges were built over a dry riverbed as Canberra was in the grip of drought. It took some time for the lake to fill; finally filled for the first time on 29 April 1964.
Description
Designed by Maunsell and Partners and constructed by Hornibrook, the Commonwealth Avenue Bridge comprises five spans of continually pre-stressed concrete, totalling . To provide an entry and exit clover leaf layout, on the bridges southern approaches, operate structures were constructed totalling each, in four approximately equal spans. The main superstructure is of multi-web box section shape, continuous over the five spans, ranging from . The central piers, octagonal in shape, are carried on diameter reinforced concrete cylinders. Each of the pre-cast concrete box girder sections are each.
In 2019 a detailed analysis for the strengthening and widening of Commonwealth Avenue Bridge was presented in a business case for the Project. In late 2020 the Project was evaluated and accepted by Infrastructure Australia and in January 2021, the Australian Government announced funding to renew the Bridge.
That project is unrelated to the ACT Government's plan to extend Canberra light rail network from Civic to Woden.
References
Attribution
External links
Road bridges in the Australian Capital Territory
Bridges completed in 1963
1963 establishments in Australia
Concrete bridges in Australia
Buildings and structures in Canberra
Ivane Matchavariani (born February 11, 1974) Georgian business person, economist, former Vice Prime Minister and Finance Minister of Georgia. Prior to becoming a member of the Georgian government, Matchavariani worked in various positions at Geocell LLC part of the TeliaSonera group for 21 years.
Ministerial career
On July 12, 2018, Ivane Matchavariani was appointed as a Minister of Finance of Georgia.
From the period of their appointment as a Minister of Finance of Georgia in 2018 to their resignation in 2021, Ivane Maatchavariani initiated and actively participated
in numerous reforms: Pension reform, VAT refund reform, insolvency legislation, harmonizing tax and custom code to European legislation, PPP Law, Capital Market reform, and many more.
In 2019 after a seven-year-long pause all three rating agencies (S&P FITCH, MOODY'S) raised Georgia's investment rating by one notch reaching BB.
Also during Matchavariani's ministerial tenure Georgia achieved the highest level of transparency in public finance management, bringing the country to the position of the top five in the open budget index.
In August 2019 after the appointment of Prime Minister Giorgi Gakharia, Ivane Matchavariani remained on the post of the Minister of Finance of Georgia in Prime Minister Gakharia's cabinet of ministers.
In the period of the Covid -19 Pandemic in 2020, Ivane Matchavariani actively conducted negotiations for accumulating financial resources through various international financial institutions. As a result, Georgia became one of the largest recipients of financial assistance per capita.
From September 2020 Matchavariani was the managing director of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB).
In 2020 after winning the parliamentary elections, the Georgian Dream party completed the government where Matchavariani has been appointed as the Minister of Finance for the third time. In February 2021 after resignation of Prime Minister Gakharia, Ivane Matchavariani was appointed as the Vice Prime Minister by the new Prime Minister Irakli Gharibashvili.
On March 31, 2021 Ivane Matchavariani resigned from the post of Minister of Finance and the Vice Prime Minister of Georgia.
Early life and education
Ivane Matchavariani was born on February 11, 1974, into a family of medical doctors in Tbilisi, Georgia. Their father Otar Matchavariani was a psychiatrist. Their mother Irina Gigineishvili – a gynecologist. Matchavariani's parental grandfather Ivane Matchavariani served as a regiment commander during WWII. Maternal grandfather Polikarpe Gigineishvili, was a prominent Georgian agriculturalist, doctor of science, and scholar. In the years 1960 to 1964 and later in 1971 Polikarpe Gigineishvili served as an adviser in Agricultural affairs to the President of Vietnam, Ho Chi Minh.
Ivane Matchavariani graduated from Tbilisi secondary school #23 in 1991.
In 1996 they graduated from Ivane Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University with a Masters Degree in Economics.
Ivane Matchavariani is Fluent in English and Russian.
Business career
Ivane Matchavariani worked at Geocell LLC for 21 years holding a variety of managerial positions at the company. From June 2006 to May 2013 they were the Chief Financial Officer of Geocell, and from May 2013 to May 2018 they served as a Chief Commercial Officer of Geocell.
Personal life
They have been married since 1999 and has two children.
Other activities
Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
International Monetary Fund (IMF), Ex-Officio Alternate Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), World Bank Group, Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
World Bank, Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Governors (since 2018)
References
1974 births
Living people
Tbilisi State University alumni
Finance ministers of Georgia
Government ministers of Georgia (country)
21st-century politicians from Georgia (country)
Politicians from Tbilisi
Number One is the debut studio album by Nigerian rapper M Trill. It was released on 17 October 2008 by Grafton Records with distribution by Afrobest Productions. Supported by the hit single "Bounce" which gained airplay on several major radio stations, the album contains guest appearances from 2Shotz, Ruggedman, Timaya, Uchie, Korkormikor, Frank D Nero, ShoBoi and vocals from Ghanaian singer Fire. All songs on Number One were written solely by Teria Yarhere. Although the record involved a lot more rap music, it also encompassed a distinct highlife/hip hop sound.
Background
M Trill began recording music after high school and signed their first recording contract with Xcel Music. In 2005, they released their first single "Bounce" which received significant radio airplay in Nigeria and abroad. By the time they graduated from the University of Port Harcourt, M Trill had begun to reach a mainstream audience with many big labels offering them record deals. They later signed to Grafton Records after leaving Xcel Music. M Trill has explained the reason for switching record labels:
...I have always wanted to be one of the world's best, and since my deal with Grafton included a UK release and I have always looked at the wider market. Also, I knew Grafton Records as always being true to their words. When they say something, they do it.
Release
In early October 2008, M Trill announced Number One had been completed. They said that the album won't only appeal to rap fans but will influence the general public's perception of rap music: "Rap does not necessarily have to be noisy or hardcore, it's a kind of music that people should be able to relate with, that is why I tried as much as possible to pick my words. This is because I want listeners to understand the message I am trying to pass across." Furthermore, Tonye Ibiama, the label's head revealed in an interview that they delayed the release of the album to handle pending projects. On 17 October 2008, Grafton Records threw a one-day star-studded "bash" in Rivers State which saw in its attendance rappers Ruggedman and 2Shotz as well as a host of other music celebrities. The event, held in Port Harcourt at the Hotel Presidential, served as the album's launch party.
Composition
Number One is generally rap music although a few songs on the album are a mixture of hip hop and highlife music. The first track, which is titled "Intro" is a compelling showcase of M Trill's simplistic yet slick rhyming and hook-laden, avant-garde sound. Following the track is "Langwa Remix". The song featured 2Shotz and is similar in tone to its predecessor. M Trill continued impressively on the single "Bounce". Crossing into a new hiplife territory, "Beautiful", the fourth song recorded alongside Ghanaian artist Fire introduced a different feel to the album. "Come Clean" was another rap throwdown in which M Trill would state their intents.
Number One lacked the naiveté expected from a newcomer rather it exhibited more of personality, maturity and growth. In addition, the album included cinematic skits intended to prep the listener for whats to come. For "My Party", Timaya was enlisted to add their vocals. The song incorporated elements drawn from highlife and hip hop. "First listen", a track that features Uchie and Ruggedman also gave the album a more distinct vibe of its own.
Reception
Accolades
Channel O Music Video Awards
!Ref
|-
|rowspan="1"|2008
|"Bounce"
|Best West African Video
|
|
African Music Awards
!Ref
|-
|rowspan="1"|2009
|"Number one"
|Best new act
|
|
Track listing
Release history
References
2008 albums
M Trill albums
2008 in Nigerian music
Mehmet Tekin Arıburun (October 3, 1903 – October 13, 1993) was a Turkish soldier and statesman. They were born in then-Ottoman territory of Ishtib, Kosovo Vilayet (today Štip, part of the Republic of Macedonia). They were the last (Acting) President to be born outside the territory of present-day Turkey.
Their father is Hüseyin Avni who was the commander of 57th Regiment in Gallipoli Campaign in 1915 during World War I. Hüseyin Avni Bey died in action in Arıburnu.
After Surname Law (Turkey) of 1935, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk requested that they should take Arıburun as their surname to honour their late father.
They graduated from the Turkish Military College in 1925. They were sent to the United Kingdom in 1929 to attend flying courses. In 1935 they graduated from Turkish Military Academy. They became a Army general in 1959. They held the office of Chief Commander of Turkish Air Force. After 1960 Turkish coup d'état they were forced into early retirement by the Junta. They started their political life and elected as senator in 1961. They became the chairperson of Senate between November 19, 1970 - June 14, 1977.
They were the acting president of Turkey between March 28, 1973, and April 6, 1973, after Cevdet Sunay completed their seven-year term, until the election of Fahri Korutürk.
General Arıburun was a polyglot; they spoke English, German, French and Italian.
They represented Turkey in many international meetings and conferences.
References
|-
1903 births
1993 deaths
20th-century presidents of Turkey
People from Štip
People from Kosovo vilayet
Macedonian Turks
Acting presidents of Turkey
Members of the Senate of the Republic (Turkey)
Turkish Military Academy alumni
Army War College (Turkey) alumni
Turkish Army generals
Turkish Air Force generals
Commanders of the Turkish Air Force
Mokhlesabad (, also Romanized as Mokhleşābād; also known as Mūkhlīsābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 314, in 105 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Pajamas is a 1927 American comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and written by William Conselman and Malcolm Stuart Boylan. The film stars Olive Borden, Lawrence Gray, J.J. Clark and Jerry Miley. The film was released on October 23, 1927, by Fox Film Corporation.
Cast
Olive Borden as Angela Wade
Lawrence Gray as John Weston
J.J. Clark as Daniel Wade
Jerry Miley as Russell Forrest
References
External links
1927 films
1920s English-language films
Silent American comedy films
1927 comedy films
Fox Film films
Films directed by John G. Blystone
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
The Buena Regional School District is a comprehensive regional public school district serving students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade from Buena Borough and Buena Vista Township, two municipalities in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. Students are sent to the district's high school for grades 9 - 12 from both Estell Manor City and Weymouth Township as part of sending/receiving relationships with the respective school districts.
As of the 2017–18 school year, the district, comprising five schools, had an enrollment of 1,795 students and 152.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.8:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "A", the lowest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From the lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
History
In June 2009, the New Jersey Department of Education ruled that Newfield, a non-operating district seeking to cut costs for its tuition students, could end its relationship with the Buena Regional School District and as of the 2011–12 school year could start sending incoming high school students in grades 7–9 to Delsea Regional High School, under a transition in which students at Buena's high school would remain in the district until they graduated.
Schools
Schools in the district (with 2017–18 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Elementary schools
Collings Lakes Elementary School with 133 students in grades K-2
Dr. Leonard Long, Principal
John C. Milanesi Elementary School with 288 students in grades PreK-2
Anna Bettini, Principal
Dr. J.P. Cleary Elementary School with 326 students in grades 3-5
Richard Lawrence, Principal
Middle school
Buena Regional Middle School with 421 students in grades 6-8
Karen M. Santoro, Principal
Sean Dallas, Vice Principal
High school
Buena Regional High School with 569 students in grades 9-12
Moses White, Principal
Mark Bekarciak, Vice Principal
Administration
Core members of the district's administration are:
David Cappuccio Jr., Superintendent
Pasquale Yacovelli, Business Administrator / Board Secretary
Board of education
The district's board of education has nine members who set policy and oversee the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. Seats on the board of education are allocated based on population, with six assigned to Buena Township and three to Buena Borough.
References
External links
Buena Regional School District NJ
Data for the Buena Regional School District, National Center for Education Statistics
Buena, New Jersey
Buena Vista Township, New Jersey
New Jersey District Factor Group A
School districts in Atlantic County, New Jersey
Weymouth Township, New Jersey
In academic, specialization (or specialisation) may be a course of study or major at an academic institution or may refer to the field in which a specialist practices. In the case of an educator, academic specialization pertains to the subject that they specialize in and teach. It is considered a precondition of objective truth and works by restricting the mind's propensity for eclecticism through methodological rigor and studious effort. It is also employed as an information-management strategy, which operates by fragmenting an issue into different fields or areas of expertise to obtain truth. In recent years, a new avenue of specialization has manifested through double majoring. It is a way to allow for a more diverse exposure to the college curriculum.
Development
As the volume of knowledge accumulated by humanity became too great, increasing specialization in academia appeared in response. There are also cases when this concept emerged from state policy-making to pursue goals such as national competitiveness. For instance, there is the case of Britain who began coordinating academic specialization - through the founding of the Imperial College - to catch up to the United States and Germany, particularly in the fields of scientific and technical education.
Further reading
References
External links
Specialization
Twerking (; possibly from 'to work') is a type of dance that came out of the bounce music scene of New Orleans in the late 1980s. Individually performed chiefly but not exclusively by women, performers dance to popular music in a sexually provocative manner involving throwing or thrusting their hips back or shaking their buttocks, often in a low squatting stance. Twerking is part of a larger set of characteristic moves unique to the New Orleans style of hip-hop known as "bounce". Moves include "mixing", "exercising", the "bend over", the "shoulder hustle", "clapping", "booty clapping", "booty poppin", and "the wild wood"—all recognized as booty shaking or bounce. Twerking is but one choreographic gesture within bounce.
As a tradition shaped by local aid and pleasure clubs, block parties and second lines, the dance was central to "a historical situating of sissy bounce—bounce music as performed by artists from the New Orleans African-American community that [led to] a meteoric rise in popularity post-." In the 90s, twerking had widespread appeal in black party culture throughout the hip-hop/rap region known as The Dirty South, including New Orleans, Memphis, Virginia Beach, Miami, Atlanta, and Houston. In 2013, it became the top "what is" search on the Google search engine following pop artist Miley Cyrus performing the dance at the MTV Video Music Awards.
Etymology
The Oxford English Dictionary defines an 18th-century use of the word as a blend of "twist" and "jerk" (or "twitch"), which was reported by the BBC in conjunction with the black cultural context, but this seems to be an erroneous connection or a false cognate.
The Oxford Dictionaries blog states, "the most likely theory is that it is an alteration of work, because that word has a history of being used in similar ways, with dancers being encouraged to "work it". Local bounce practitioners attribute the term to a contraction of "to work" ("t'work"; or, spelled as it's pronounced, "twerk").
The earliest use of the word is unclear, but according to Tyler Vendetti, "Twerk has technically been around since the 1820s, first appearing in the form twirk. The word is said to have originated from the inner-city of New Orleans and was used frequently in New Orleans bounce music by rappers and DJ hosting block parties in the housing projects. On record, the 1993 song "Do the Jubilee All" by DJ Jubilee - which contains the lyrics "Twerk baby, twerk baby, twerk, twerk, twerk" - has been cited as its earliest use. However, a possible earlier use is in Funkadelic's 1979 song (Not Just) Knee Deep, which contains the lyrics "It didn't twerk, no" (often misquoted as "It didn't work, no") at 1 minutes 20 seconds.
The word became popular in the 2000s, when it was used by Atlanta rapper Lil Jon and The East Side Boys. A Google Trends search reveals that interest in the word "twerk" arose in November 2011.
The Oxford English Dictionary defines twerking as dancing "in a sexually provocative manner, using thrusting movements of the bottom and hips while in a low, squatting stance". Merriam-Webster gives the definition as a "sexually suggestive dancing characterized by rapid, repeated hip thrusts and shaking of the buttocks especially while squatting".
Twerk dance
In 1990, the introduction of bounce music into the New Orleans music scene brought along the dance. In 1992, Panama singer Renato recorded the videoclip "El más sensual" (the most sexy), a reggae song with the twerking dance.
The diffusion of the dance phenomenon began earlier via local parties and eventually strip clubs often associated with mainstream rap music and video production aired by video cable television shows that featured rap music and R&B music. Popular video-sharing channels such as YouTube amplified interest since the advent of digital social media platforms.
Twerking can also be seen in Destiny's Child's 2001 video Bootylicious, in 2003 Beyoncé's video Crazy in Love and in Eminem's 2005 in Ass Like That video.
Rise to national attention
Twerking first received national recognition in the United States in the early 2000s, when the song "Whistle While You Twurk" (2000), by Southern hip hop duo Ying Yang Twins, peaked at number 17 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs component chart. It was later referenced in their later track "Say I Yi Yi" (2002), in which the lyrics "she got their hands up on their knees and their elbows on their thighs / they like to twerk and that's for certain I can tell that they fly" are heard. The chorus of Silkk the Shocker's 2001 song "That's Cool" features the line "Somebody that's off the chain / who could twerk that thang.”
Girl group Destiny's Child was the first mainstream artist to use the word in a song in their song "Jumpin' Jumpin'". In 2005 Beyoncé use the word and dance on their song and video Check on It
In 2013, the dance became a viral sensation beyond black culture. Miley Cyrus used the dance in a video that was uploaded first on Facebook and then YouTube in March. Though twerking began trending as a web search in November 2011, and despite its origins in the bounce culture of New Orleans in the late 1980s, the word twerk would be added to the Oxford Dictionary Online and attributed to Cyrus following their appearance at the MTV VMA Awards in August 2013. It became the number one "what is" Google searches that year as those outside the culture questioned the popularity of the dance. The word was a runner-up to "selfie" in the Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2013.
Billboard charts
In 2006, the song "Pop, Lock & Drop It", by American rapper Huey, reached number six on the US Billboard Hot 100. Also in 2006, the hit single "SexyBack", by American pop singer Justin Timberlake, featuring Timbaland, from the former's second studio album Futuresex/Lovesounds, featured Timbaland rapping the lyrics "Let me see what you're twerking with / Go ahead, be gone with it, Look at those hips".
The 2012 single "Bandz a Make Them Dance" by Juicy J contains the lyric "Start twerking when they hear their song", while French Montana questions the ability of a girl to twerk by asking "What you twerkin' with?" in their 2012 single "Pop That" featuring fellow rappers Drake, Lil Wayne and Rick Ross. The asupervisorstioned songs, along with "Express Yourself" by Nicky Da B and Diplo, "made twerking the most popular dance move since the Dougie". In 2014, "Anaconda" by Nicki Minaj peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100, which references twerking many times.
In November 2018, the City Girls released a song called "Twerk" featuring Cardi B which peaked on the US Billboard Hot 100 at number 29. The lyrics to the song ("Twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk-twerk with her") is self-explanatory as to how the City Girls wanted to grab the attention of their female audience. The music video has over 200 million views on YouTube as of June 2022.
In the media
Vanessa Z. Schneider twerks as one of their automatic fire animations in the 2003 third-person shooter P.N.03.
In 2011, the Twerk Team, a group of female dancers who have posted several videos of themselves twerking on YouTube, were mentioned during the song "Round of Applause" by Waka Flocka Flame featuring Drake, in the line "Bounce that ass, shake that ass like the Twerk Team". Australian rapper Iggy Azalea has incorporated twerking into their live shows since 2011. In July 2012, during the Workaholics episode "The Lord's Force", Anders Holm says "Let's just, uh, put on some twerk videos or something, right?".
In March 2013, American pop singer Miley Cyrus posted a video on Facebook which featured them performing a twerking routine while wearing a unicorn suit, to the 2011 single "Wop" by J. Dash. The popularity of the video, along with parodies and responses made by fans, influenced the song's re-emergence on the Billboard Hot 100. Miley Cyrus's "Wop" video would go to become viral. By April 9, 2013, copies of the video had amassed over 4 million views on YouTube. Also in March 2013, Mollie King, an English singer-songwriter and lead vocalist of British-Irish girl group The Saturdays, was seen twerking when their bandmate Rochelle Humes uploaded the footage on YouTube. American actor and singer Vanessa Hudgens was also seen twerking in March on American late-night talk show The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. In September 2013, Hudgens was later seen twerking, this time to the song "Bubble Butt", during their performance at Bootsy Bellows in West Hollywood, with their girl group YLA. Hudgens was again seen twerking in a video for Shade 45's radio show Sway in the Morning. American actor and singer Ashley Tisdale can also be seen twerking in a video for Shade 45's radio show Sway in the Morning.
On July 9, 2013, a video was posted on the Twitter-owned video sharing service Vine entitled "Twerk Team", which featured a group of five women provocatively twerking to "Don't Drop That Thun Thun". The clip was shared by users over 100,000 times, and users created their own responses and parodies featuring the song, collected under the hashtags "#dontdropthat" and "#thunthun". The viral popularity of the Vine clips led to an unexpected increase in sales for the song; prior to the posting of the "Twerk Team" clip, only 4,000 copies of the song had been sold; in the following weeks, sales went up to 34,000, then to over 72,000. By late July, "Don't Drop That Thun Thun" had reached #5 on Billboard's R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Songs chart, and it eventually peaked at #35 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Both "Wop" and "Don't Drop That Thun Thun" have been cited as examples of how viral and user-created videos can bring renewed interest to songs; Spin writer Jordan Sargent considered "Wop" to be rap music's "Harlem Shake moment", but not a meme to the same extent as it. In April 2013, American rapper Danny Brown released the song "Express Yourself", inspired by music producer Diplo's song of the same name. The song, produced by Trampy, features a fast-paced electronic beat and is a composition about the popular dance craze twerking. Brown dedicated the song "to all the ladies that like to turn up and have fun," in which they rap "Toes on the wall and their ass in the air / And they twerk that thing like they ain't have a care".
In the music video for Barbadian singer Rihanna's single "Pour It Up", which was released in May 2013, the singer can be seen twerking. In June 2013, American rapper Busta Rhymes released a Jamaican dancehall-inspired single titled "Twerk It", featuring Nicki Minaj, who has been featured on several other "twerking songs", including "Shakin' It 4 Daddy" by Robin Thicke, "Dance (A$$)" by Big Sean and "Clappers" by Wale. Minaj can be seen twerking in all four of the asupervisorstioned songs' respective music videos. Minaj can also be seen twerking in the music videos for American rapper Nelly's single "Get Like Me" and American singer Ciara's single "I'm Out". In August 2013, the song "Twerk", by Lil Twist, featuring pop singers Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, was leaked online.
On July 14, 2013, Showtime broadcast Season 1 Episode 3 of the series Ray Donovan, entitled "Twerk", in which actor Jon Voight's character enters a college library and pays a student to give up their computer terminal so that they can watch online videos of women twerking. A YouTube video of the scene has more than 38,000views.
In August 2013, Juicy J announced via Twitter that they would give out a $50,000 scholarship for the girl who can twerk the best. The competition is inspired by the track "Scholarship" on their third album Stay Trippy, which contains the lyric "Keep twerking baby, might earn you a scholarship." In early September 2013, a video titled "Worst Twerk Fail EVER - Girl Catches Fire!", began circulating around online; the video went on to become viral with over 9 million views, and received media coverage. The following week, American comedian and television host Jimmy Kimmel revealed the video was a hoax that they and their team had devised, on Jimmy Kimmel Live!. In April 2014, the video won the Webby Award for best viral clip of the year.
Also in September, "Twerk" from the MTV VMA show was named the Top Television Word of the Year (Teleword) of the 2012–2013 TV season by the Global Language Monitor. In October 2013, American actor Beth Behrs, of American television sitcom 2 Broke Girls, was seen twerking on The Ellen DeGeneres Show. Behrs was later seen twerking to the 1992 hit "Baby Got Back", in January 2014, during the 40th annual awards ceremony of the People's Choice Awards, which they hosted alongside their co-star Kat Dennings. The fifth episode of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee, which aired November 13, 2013 and was titled "The End of Twerk", revolved around the twerking phenomenon. The seventh episode of the second season of the American reality television series Bad Girls All-Star Battle, which aired February 25, 2014 and was titled "Twerk It Out", featured the contestants twerking as fast as possible with pedometers on their back.
In August 2013, American recording artist Miley Cyrus, generated controversy following a sexually provocative performance during the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards, in which Cyrus twerked during a medley of their track "We Can't Stop", "Blurred Lines" and "Give It 2 U" by Robin Thicke. Cyrus also received criticism for "stealing" African American culture, also known as cultural appropriation.
In August 2014, American recording artist Taylor Swift, featured twerking in the music video to their single "Shake It Off". This caused some controversy with American rapper Earl Sweatshirt saying that the video was "perpetuating stereotypes".
In October 2017, Valerie Dixon who was 27 years old, was arrested in Lake County, Florida, because they were twerking and speaking foul language in front of a school bus. Other arrests in Florida for electric twerking in public include the video blogger Carmel Kitten and two unnamed Canadian tourists.
See also
African-American dance
Belly dance
Cordax
Daggering
Erotic dance
Grinding (dance)
Malayah
Mapouka
Moulding of Cockle-bread
'ote'a
Pelvic thrust
Sandungueo
Surra de Bunda
Tamure
'upa'upa
References
External links
Let's Talk About The Female MCs Who Shaped Hip-Hop
A Brief History of Twerking
2010s fads and trends
African-American dance
Afro-Caribbean culture
Afro–Latin American culture
Culture of New Orleans
Hip hop dance
Novelty and fad dances
Internet memes
Articles containing video clips
Partial squatting position
Buttocks
African-American culture
Papilio doddsi is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Vietnam.
References
Other sources
Erich Bauer and Thomas Frankenbach, 1998 Schmetterlinge der Erde, Butterflies of the world Part I (1), Papilionidae Papilionidae I: Papilio, Subgenus Achillides, Bhutanitis, Teinopalpus. Edited by Erich Bauer and Thomas Frankenbach. Keltern : Goecke & Evers ; Canterbury : Hillside Books
doddsi
Butterflies described in 1896
Butterflies of Indochina
The Sac City Chicago and North Western Depot is a historic building located in Sac City, Iowa, United States. The city was platted in 1855, and soon after they began to campaign for a rail line into the town. It took 23 years before the railroad arrived. The Maple River Railroad was the first to lay tracks in Sac County in 1877, but it went to Wall Lake rather than Sac City. The Sac City & Wall Lake Railroad was formed that year and the tracks were laid between the two towns in 1878. The Chicago & North Western Railroad acquired the line in 1884, and built a two-story frame depot in Sac City. The business district grew up around the depot. In 1916 the Chicago & North Western replaced the frame depot with this single story brick depot a block to the south. It was a combination depot, passenger and freight, that utilized Chicago & North Western's Number One standard plan.
At one time there were eight passenger trains that stopped in Sac City. Passenger service was discontinued here in 1948. The depot was used by the railroad as a freight depot until 1971, when it was sold to Youll Plumbing. The railroad abandoned the tracks the following year. Youll sold the building in 1976, and it became The Depot Restaurant. In 2012 the restaurant closed and it now houses other retail establishments. The former depot was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016.
References
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1916
Railway stations closed in 1971
Former Chicago and North Western Railway stations
Sac City, Iowa
Transportation buildings and structures in Sac County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Sac County, Iowa
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Former railway stations in Iowa
The Mark of the Whistler, (aka The Marked Man) is a 1944 American mystery film noir based on the radio drama The Whistler. Directed by William Castle, the production features Richard Dix, Porter Hall and Janis Carter. It is the second of Columbia Pictures' eight "Whistler" films produced in the 1940s, all but the last starring Dix.
Plot summary
A drifter claims the money in a dormant bank account. Later, they become the target of men who are the sons of the man's old partner, who is now in prison due to a conflict with them over the money.
Cast
Richard Dix as Lee Selfridge Nugent
Janis Carter as Patricia Henley
Porter Hall as Joe Sorsby
Paul Guilfoyle as 'Limpy' Smith
John Calvert as Eddie Donnelly
Matt Willis as Perry Donnelly
Bill Raisch as the truck driver, best known for playing the One Armed Man in The Fugitive. They lost an arm in World War II between the making of this film and The Fugitive.
Reception
Bosley Crowther, the film critic for The New York Times, gave the film a mixed review, writing "The dodges by which a fellow successfully stakes a phony claim to a dormant account in a savings bank and swindles $29,000 lend some fair to middling interest to Columbia's latest Whistler-series film—one called The Mark of the Whistler...In this dubious demonstration, the film does present a criminal case with the patient documentation familiar in crime-and-punishment shorts. But the things that happen to this defrauder after they have got the cash are just the claptrap of cheap melodrama—and they are bluntly presented that way."
References
External links
Review of film at Variety
1944 films
1944 mystery films
American mystery films
American black-and-white films
Columbia Pictures films
Film noir
Films based on radio series
Films directed by William Castle
Films based on works by Cornell Woolrich
The Whistler films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Riverchase Galleria, locally known as The Galleria, is a large, super–regional shopping mall and mixed use development in Hoover, Alabama, in the Greater Birmingham metropolitan area. It is ranked 43rd on the list of the largest shopping malls in the United States. It is the largest enclosed shopping center in Alabama.
Located at the intersection of U.S. Highway 31 (Montgomery Highway) and Interstate 459, the Riverchase Galleria complex includes the region's only Costco, and also includes the 15-story, Hyatt Regency, and the 17-story, Galleria Tower office building. The tower includes the headquarters of Walter Energy, Inc. The mall's anchor stores are JCPenney, Von Maur, Macy's, Belk , and Dave & Buster's. There are two vacant anchor stores which were once Sears and Belk Children's and Home.
Description
The Galleria is anchored by 4 department stores: JCPenney, Belk, Macy's, and Von Maur. The Galleria has two large parking decks, with several entrances, attached to the mall.
Several restaurants are located on out-parcels including Bonefish Grill, J. Alexander's, Stix, and Olive Garden. The Home Depot, FedEx Office, and Costco are located on other out-parcels on the property. A 10-screen Regal Entertainment Group movie theater was on an out-parcel of the property but it was closed in 2006 after the construction of a Rave Motion Pictures at neighboring Patton Creek Shopping Center. The former movie theater has since been repurposed into an Aveda Salon and Cosmetology school.
In the center of the Grand Atrium/food court, is a full-size, authentic 19th Century Dentzel Carousel. In the past, the carousel was dismantled for part of the year, with foliage and a fountain in its place, and reassembled for the holiday season. The carousel has now remained in place for several years. Occasionally, the traditional carousel animals are replaced with reindeer for the Christmas season.
History
The Galleria was opened on February 19, 1986, by developer Jim Wilson & Associates, initially with four anchor stores — two Birmingham-based chains, Parisian and Pizitz — along with Atlanta-based Rich's and national retailer J. C. Penney.
In March 1987, the mall added its first Macy's store at center court, the company's first store in Alabama. The same year, the Pizitz chain was acquired by McRae's and subsequently renamed. In 1995, Parisian expanded its store by almost 66%. In 1996, Sears (which relocated from a nearby location) and a new wing were added, making Riverchase Galleria a total of in size. The expansion made it the largest mixed-use project in the Southeastern United States, and one of the 10 largest mixed-use projects in the United States.
In 2003, the Macy's anchor store closed and the Rich's location was renamed Rich's-Macy's. The consolidation came 9 years after Federated Department Stores (the parent of Rich's since 1976) acquired R. H. Macy & Company. Following the closure of the original Macy's location, the store location was sold to Saks Inc., which was the parent of both McRae's and Parisian. Saks kept the north wing anchor space vacant for more than a year before reopening the refurbished store in October 2004 under its Proffitt's division, giving the company 3 different anchors at Riverchase. On March 6, 2005, the Rich's-Macy's store (as Rich's; along with the location at Colonial Brookwood Village) was officially rebranded as Macy's. Later in 2005, Saks sold its Proffitt's division — including most of the McRae's chain — to Belk. As a result, Saks closed the McRae's store. Belk dissolved the separate Proffitt's organization, and on March 8, 2006, the Proffitt's store at Riverchase became the mall's first Belk store. In late 2003, Jim Wilson & Associates (JW&A) sold 50% of the Galleria to General Growth Properties (GGP), which assumed management control.
In 2006, Belk acquired the Parisian store chain from Saks, Inc. The former Pizitz/McRae's location simultaneously became available for occupancy. The store had remained vacant since the 2005 closure of McRae's as a result of a lawsuit between the Pizitz family, which had retained ownership of the store real estate after its sale in 1987, and Saks Inc., which inherited the lease obligations of its defunct McRae's operation. As part of its merger of the Parisian stores into its operations, Belk closed its location in the original Macy's space and the Parisian store was renamed to Belk. The upper level of the former Pizitz/McRae's has since been converted to a Belk Home & Children's Store.
On November 30, 2007, Nordstrom announced plans to open its first store in Alabama in the mall in 2012, in the anchor space first occupied by Macy's in 1987, Proffitt's in 2004, and Belk in 2006. The plans were cancelled in May 2009 after GGP filed for bankruptcy.
In July 2009, LEGO opened the first LEGO Brand Retail store in Alabama in the mall. The store occupies and became one of the 32 LEGO Brand Retail stores nationwide upon its opening.
On August 6, 2019, it was announced that Sears would be closing this location as part of a plan to close 26 stores nationwide. The store closed in October 2019.
In February 2020 the LEGO store closed its location at the Riverchase Galleria. In May 2021, Belk closed its Home and Children location. In January 2022 Macy's announced closing its store at Colonial Brookwood Village making the mall not just making the first mall to have a Macy's in Alabama just maybe the last Macy's in Alabama.
Renovation
A $60 million renovation, first planned in 2011, was completed in 2013. The renovation plan, including a $25 million sales tax rebate, was approved by the Hoover City Council on October 17, 2011. As part of the renovation, the first Von Maur in Alabama opened in the space vacated by Macy's/Proffitt's/Belk. The Wynfrey Hotel was renovated and rebranded as a Hyatt hotel, "The Hyatt Regency Birmingham—The Wynfrey Hotel".
In 2013, Belk announced plans to renovate its store at the Galleria, raising it to the level of a flagship location. Dave & Buster's and True Religion both opened at the mall in late 2018.
2018 shooting
In November 2018, an altercation resulted in shots being fired and two injured at the Galleria during Black Friday weekend. Following the initial shooting, two officers from the Hoover Police Department approached and shot an alleged suspect, Emantic Fitzgerald Bradford Jr., who died at the scene, but later clarified to not be the shooter due to a misidentification. Protests were organized by a Birmingham activist group called Justice League, calling for a boycott of the Galleria.
2020 shooting
On July 3, 2020, shots were fired near the food court of the mall at 3:18 PM EDT. An eight-year-old boy later died after being shot in the evening, and three others were hospitalized with injuries and was treated in a local hospital. On July 5, a 22-year-old suspect was arrested.
Anchor timeline
References
External links
1986 establishments in Alabama
Brookfield Properties
Buildings and structures in Jefferson County, Alabama
Hoover, Alabama
Mass shootings in Alabama
Shopping malls established in 1986
Shopping malls in the Birmingham, Alabama metro area
Sergeant Henry F. Chandler (September 26, 1835 to November 16, 1906) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Chandler received the country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for their action during the Second Battle of Petersburg in Virginia on 17 June 1864. They were honored with the award on 30 March 1898.
Biography
Chandler was born in Andover, Massachusetts on 26 September 1835. They enlisted into the 59th Massachusetts Infantry. They died on 16 November 1906 and their remains are interred at the West Parish Garden Cemetery in Andover, Massachusetts.
Medal of Honor citation
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: A–F
References
1835 births
1906 deaths
People of Massachusetts in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Quaking Aspen Falls (also called Tioga Pass Falls) is a 25-foot, multi-stranded waterfall off Tioga Pass Road in Yosemite National Park. Although the falls typically dry up by August, the stream flows year-round both above and below the falls.
Sources
Segmented waterfalls
Waterfalls of Yosemite National Park
Waterfalls of Mariposa County, California
Nolan B. Aughenbaugh (born 1928) is an American Professor Emeritus of Geological Engineering at the University of Mississippi.
Biography
Aughenbaugh was born in Akron, Ohio and was an Antarctic explorer during the International Geophysical Year. They also hold a Ph.D. in Civil Engineering from Purdue University.
Aughenbaugh is married and has three children.
Academic career
Awards and honors
Aughenbaugh Peak was named for Nolan B. Aughenbaugh by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN)
The Aughenbaugh Gabbro, part of the Dufek Intrusion, Antarctica was named for Nolan B. Aughenbaugh
Published works
Preliminary report on the geology of the Dufek Massif: IG Y World Data Center A glaciology, Gla. Rept, 1961
Characterization Of Swelling Potential Of Shale Strata
External links
The National Academies: The International Geophysical Year – Official Website
Aughenbaugh Gabbro from the Dr. Arthur B. Ford Collection – US Geological Survey
Byrd Polar Research Center Archival Program: Polar Oral History Program transcript of 29-Jul-2005 interview
References
Living people
Explorers of Antarctica
Engineering educators
Purdue University College of Engineering alumni
University of Mississippi faculty
American civil engineers
1928 births
Missouri University of Science and Technology faculty
The 1985 Senior PGA Tour was the sixth season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 24 official money events with purses totalling $5,005,000, including two majors. Peter Thomson won the most tournaments, nine. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1985 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold. Golfers winning on their Senior PGA Tour debut are shown in italics.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Damodaram Sanjivayya (14 February 1921 – 7 May 1972) was an Indian politician who served as the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh from 11 January 1960 to 12 March 1962. Sanjivayya was the first Dalit Chief Minister of an Indian state.
Early life
Damodaram Sanjivayya was born in a Mala family in Peddapadu village of Kallur Mandal in Kurnool district. Their father died when they were in young age. They studied at the Municipal School and they took a Bachelor's degree in Law from Madras Law College. Even being a student, they actively participated in the Indian freedom movement.
Career
Damodaram Sanjivayya was Minister in the composite Madras State. They were the member of the provisional parliament 1950–52. In 1962, Sanjivayya also became the first Dalit leader from Andhra Pradesh to become All India Congress Committee president.
They were Minister of Labour and Employment under Lal Bahadur Shastri between 9 June 1964 and 23 January 1966.
Chief Minister
Sanjivayya was the first Dalit Chief Minister of an Indian state.
They wrote a book on Labour problems and industrial development in India, in 1970 published by Oxford and IBH Pub. Co., New Delhi.
They introduced pension system for widows, elderly people,
they established Lalitha kala academy in Andhra pradesh,
they were the youngest chief minister ever in India, they introduced office of Anti corruption bureau {ACB}, they completed the irrigation projects like Gajuladinne in Kurnool dist., Vamsadhara, Pulichintala and varadarajula swamy project near Atmakur in Kurnool dist.
Honours
Their statue was erected opposite Public Gardens in Nampally, Hyderabad
A park, Sanjeevaiah park on the banks of Hussain Sagar in Hyderabad was named in their honour. Their grave is also located inside the park.
Damodaram Sanjivayya National Law University, Visakhapatnam one of the premier legal institutions in the country has been named in their honour.
India Post issued a commemorative postage stamp in their honour (INR 5.00) on 14 February 2008.
References
See also
List of Chief Ministers of Andhra Pradesh
1921 births
1972 deaths
Chief Ministers of Andhra Pradesh
Telugu politicians
Chief ministers from Indian National Congress
Indian National Congress politicians from Andhra Pradesh
People from Kurnool district
Commerce and Industry Ministers of India
Jiayi Road () is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Jiayi Road, Huajiang Highway, and Cao'an Highway in the city's Jiading District, the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Jiading District
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Erik Vesa Hämäläinen (born April 20, 1965 in Rauma, Finland) is a left-handed retired Finnish ice hockey defenceman. Hämäläinen currently is an Ice hockey coach, employed by SM-liiga team Lukko
Playing career
Early career
Erik Hämäläinen started their professional career with their hometown team, Rauman Lukko, which played in the Finnish SM-liiga. They debuted during the 1982–1983 Season. Lukko was demoted from SM-liiga after the 82–83 season, but gained promotion by winning the I-Divisioona in 1984. Hämäläinen played for six seasons (1982–1988) in Lukko. Their last was cut short when an injury sidelined them for the most of the season.
In 1989, Hämäläinen moved to Kuopio and started to play for KalPa. They stayed with KalPa for four Seasons (1989–1992) before transferring to Helsingin Jokerit in 1992. During their three-year stint with Jokerit, they won a gold and silver medal to accompany their two silver medals from KalPa and Lukko. They also won the European bronze medal during their first season with Jokerit.
World Championship victory and move to Sweden
After winning the 1995 World Championships with Finland, Hämäläinen was acquired by AIK. They played with the Swedish team for three seasons (1995–1998). They returned to their old team of Rauman Lukko in 1998. During their three seasons with Lukko, they played twice in the playoffs, but the team failed to get a place in the finals.
To Switzerland
During the 2000–2001 season, Hämäläinen moved to play for SC Langnau, a Swiss team. After a disappointing season in Switzerland, they returned again to Rauma Lukko.
Late career and retirement
During the 2005–2006 season, they broke the record for most SM-liiga games played with their 865th game; the previous record was held by Pertti Lehtonen. Hämäläinen's record was broken 18 February 2012 when Jan Latvala played their 1002nd game.
Hämäläinen played their last season during the 2007-08 SM-liiga season. Hämäläinen played their 1000th SM-liiga career game and after the season ended they announced their retirement from playing
Coaching career
Shortly after their announcement regarding their retirement, Hämäläinen was contracted to a 2+2 year contract by Lukko. Hämäläinen will start as an Assistant Coach for Lukko in the beginning of 2008–2009 SM-liiga season.
International play
Hämäläinen has played 108 games for Finland's national ice hockey team. They participated in four World Championship Tournaments (1992, 1993, 1994 and 1995), winning one gold medal (1995), two silver medals (1992, 1994). They were also part of the 1994 Olympic ice hockey team in Lillehammer, where the team won the bronze medal.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
External links
1965 births
AIK IF players
Detroit Red Wings draft picks
Finnish ice hockey defencemen
Finnish ice hockey world championship gold medalists
Ice hockey players at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Jokerit players
KalPa players
Living people
Lukko players
Medalists at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
People from Rauma, Finland
Sportspeople from Satakunta
Maurice Lowe (born in Bermuda) is a Bermudan football manager.
References
External links
Living people
Bermudian footballers
Bermuda international footballers
Association football defenders
Bermudian football managers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Thorpe in Balne is a civil parish in the metropolitan borough of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The parish contains three listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the village of Thorpe in Balne, and is otherwise rural. The listed buildings consist of the remains of a chapel incorporated in farm buildings, a farmhouse, and a barn.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in South Yorkshire
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster
Grant William Basey (born 30 November 1988) is an English-born former Welsh footballer, who played as a left back.  They are currently the manager of VCD Athletic.
Playing career
Charlton Athletic
Basey joined Charlton's academy, having been spotted on one of the club's community courses, and signed their first professional contract with Charlton in March 2007.
Basey made their Charlton Athletic debut against Queens Park Rangers on 27 October 2007, where they started and played the whole, in a 1–0 loss. But during a 3–0 loss against Sheffield United on 27 November 2007, they suffered a groin injury that kept them out for several months. Although they were told by the club's management that he's expected to be loaned out, this never happened and stayed. Basey scored their first ever professional goal in the 4–1 victory over Coventry City on 4 May 2008, just three days after signing a new two-year deal keeping them at The Valley until 2010. At the end of the 2007–08 season, they went on to make nine appearances and scoring once.
Ahead of the 2008–09 season, Basey was expected to fight for a first team place by Manager Alan Pardew. Basey did make a good start in the opening game of the season when they set up a goal for Andy Gray from a free-kick, just several minutes coming on as a second-half substitute, in a 2–0 win over Swansea City. However, Basey lost their first team place and never played again from February onward, which saw the club relegated to League One.
Following the club's relegation, Basey didn't make an appearance until on 3 October 2009, where they came on as a late substitute, in a 0–0 draw against Leeds United. Then, Basey then provided assists six times this season against Bristol Rovers, Brighton & Hove Albion, Stockport County, Millwall, Swindon Town and Hartlepool United. All of six matches Basey assisted were a win and draw. However, in a 2–1 loss Bristol Rovers on 15 February 2010, they suffered an ankle ligament damage in the early-first half. Although "it was bad as it feared", Basey, however, was ruled for the rest of the 2009–10 season.
In July 2010, Basey returned to the club's first team in the pre-season from injury.
Brentford (loan)
At the start of the 2007–08 season they had a three-month spell on loan at Brentford and making their debut in the opening game of the season, in a 1–1 draw against Mansfield Town. Despite extending their loan spell at Brentford for another month, they went on to make ten appearances for Brentford - eight of which were in the league - before returning to their parent club in mid-October 2007.
Barnet
After spending time on trial at Aberdeen, Basey signed for League Two club Barnet on a four-month contract. It came after when Basey would not return to Charlton.
They made their debut in the centre of defence alongside Clovis Kamdjo in the 2–0 victory over Hereford United on 2 October 2010. However, in the next game, on 9 October 2010, with a 2–0 loss against Bradford City, Basey suffered ankle injury in the early-second half. After three weeks on the sidelines, they returned to the first team against Stevenage on 2 November 2010, which saw Barnet lose 3–0. Several weeks after returning to the first team, Basey scored their first Barnet goal, in a 4–0 win over Northampton Town on 20 November 2010. From that moment on, Basey continued to be in the first team regular for the side until their departure, making thirteen appearances and scoring once for the side.
On 6 January 2011, Basey had their contract with Barnet terminated by temporary manager Paul Fairclough after their dedication to the club had been questioned.
Peterborough United
Basey joined Peterborough United on 21 January 2011 on a contract until the end of the season.
However, Basey spent five matches as an unused substitute after joining the club. But was given a first team chance following the club's defensive crisis. They made their debut on 15 February 2011 in the 2–0 victory away at Yeovil Town, and scored Peterborough's second as they look to climb up the League One table. Three days later, they signed a contract extension with Peterborough, keeping them at the club until the end of the 2011–12 season. Although they returned to the substitute bench later on, Basey appeared in the first team several times before being sidelined for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Following the club's promotion to the Championship, Basey played three times for the side in the 2011–12 season, playing in the left-back. However, Basey lost their first place in the left-back to Craig Alcock.
Wycombe Wanderers
After Peterborough United's failed attempt to get Basey leave the club in the summer transfer window, Basey subsequently moved to Wycombe Wanderers initially on loan.
Two days after signing for the club, Basey made their Wycombe Wanderers debut on 8 October 2011, where they played and started the whole game, in a 1–1 draw against Walsall. After making five appearances since joining the club, their loan spell at Wycombe Wanderers was extended until the end of December. Just they were about to return to their parent club, they signed a permanent contract with the club, keeping them until the end of the 2012–13 season. Basey then provided two assists on 25 February 2012, in a 5–0 win over Hartlepool United. After returning to the first team from injury at a car accident, they went on to score two more goals as the 2011–12 season progressed, against Stevenage and Notts County At the end of the 2011–12 season, which saw Wycombe Wanderers relegated back to League Two, Basey went on to make thirty-three appearances and scoring two times in all competitions.
However, in the 2012–13 season, Basey appeared four times at the start of the season in all competitions before being sidelined for the rest of the season after rupturing their anterior cruciate ligament in training. At the end of the 2012–13 season, Basey was released by the club. During their time there, they made 35 appearances over two seasons.
Ebbsfleet United
After leaving Wycombe Wanderers, Basey joined Ebbsfleet United on 1 October 2013. They made their Ebbsfleet United debut on 29 October 2013, in a 1–0 loss against Dartford. Although they made another appearance for Ebbsfleet United, their brief spell at Ebbsfleet United, however, was cut short by injury.
VCD Athletic
Basey resumed their playing career at VCD Athletic.
Cray Wanderers
They joined Cray Wanderers in July 2015. They were voted Supporters' Player of the Year in their first season at Cray. Having attempted a comeback after a serious injury, sustained in an FA Cup tie at Faversham Town, had sidelined them for a long period, Basey announced their retirement from playing in February 2017.
International career
Despite being born in England, Basey chose to represent Wales, qualifying for the Welsh set-up on account of their grandmother being born in Cardiff. Basey was also previously called up for the Wales U17 and Wales U19.
They were selected for the Welsh Under-21s squad for a 3–2 loss to Israel in 2007. Basey received another call up to the Wales squad for the friendly match against England on 15 May 2008. Given the number 12 shirt, they were an unused substitute in their team's 2–0 loss at Wrexham's Racecourse Ground. It wasn't until on 27 March 2009 when they made their Wales U21 debut, making their first start and playing the whole game, in a 0–0 draw against Luxembourg U21.
Coaching career
Charlton Athletic
They were the Charlton Athletic Kit Manager between 2018 and 2019 before being promoted to First Team Development Coach, providing a link between the first team and the club's academy.
Cray Wanderers
On 31 December 2021, Basey was named interim manager of former-club Cray Wanderers.
On 22 March 2022, Basey was replaced by Neil Smith as manager of Cray Wanderers.
VCD Athletic
On 19 May 2022, Basey was named as manager for VCD Athletic.
Personal life
They currently live in Chislehurst and attended Red Hill Primary School in Chislehurst before attending Coopers Technology College for their secondary education.
Basey took part in the 2016 London Marathon to raise money for the Institute of Cancer Research after losing their mother to bowel cancer. They also took part the previous year.
They were the Charlton Athletic Kit Manager between 2018 and 2019 before being promoted to First Team Development Coach, providing a link between the first team and the club's academy.
Playing career statistics
Managing career statistics
References
External links
Grant Basey player profile at cafc.co.uk
1988 births
Living people
Footballers from Farnborough, London
English footballers
Welsh footballers
Wales youth international footballers
Wales under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
Barnet F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
Wycombe Wanderers F.C. players
Ebbsfleet United F.C. players
VCD Athletic F.C. players
Cray Wanderers F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Isthmian League players
English football managers
Cray Wanderers F.C. managers
Isthmian League managers
National Highway 2 — NH2, or National Road No.2 (10002), is one of the national highways of Cambodia.
With a length of , it connects the capital of Phnom Penh with Vietnam.
NH2 leads south out of Phnom Penh, through Kandal Province, and enters the Tram Kak District of Takéo Province. It continues south through Kiri Vong District in the province, where it veers due east and meets the border with Vietnam.
Images
References
Roads in Cambodia
Transport in Phnom Penh
Buildings and structures in Kandal province
Buildings and structures in Takéo province
The 1953–54 season was the 55th completed season of The Football League, which ran from August 1953 until April 1954.
Final league tables
The tables below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season.
From the 1922–23 season, the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election.
First Division
Wolverhampton Wanderers won the First Division title for the first time in their history, finishing four points ahead of their local rivals West Bromwich Albion, who lifted their fourth FA Cup in the same season. Defending champions Arsenal slumped to 12th.
Middlesbrough and Liverpool were relegated to the Second Division.
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1953-54 in English football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1953–54 in English football leagues
Stéphane Bohli successfully defended their title, beating Adrian Mannarino in the final 6–0, 3–6, 7–6(5).
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Singles
Guzzini Challenger - Singles
Guzzini Challenger
Radical transparency is a phrase used across fields of governance, politics, software design and business to describe actions and approaches that radically increase the openness of organizational process and data. Its usage was originally understood as an approach or act that uses abundant networked information to access previously confidential organizational process or outcome data.
History and uses
Modern usage of the term radical transparency coincided with increased public use of Information communications technologies including the Internet. Kevin Kelly argued in 1994 that, “in the network era, openness wins, central control is lost.” David Brin's writing on The Transparent Society re-imagined the societal consequences of radical transparency remixing Orwell's 1984. However, the explicit political argument for “radical transparency” was first made in a 2001 Foreign Affairs article on information and communication technology driving economic growth in developing regions. In 2006 Wired's Chris Anderson blogged on the shift from secrecy to transparency blogging culture had made on corporate communications, and highlighted the next step as a shift to ‘radical transparency' where the “whole product development process [is] laid bare, and opened to customer input.” By 2008 the term was being used to describe the WikiLeaks platform that radically decentralized the power, voices and visibility of governance knowledge that was previously secret.
Contexts
Radical corporate transparency
Radical corporate transparency, as a philosophical concept, would involve removing all barriers to free and easy public access to corporate, political and personal (treating persons as corporations) information and the development of laws, rules, social connivance and processes that facilitate and protect such an outcome.
Using these methods to 'hold corporations accountable for the benefit of everyone' was emphasised in Tapscott and Ticoll's book "The Naked Corporation" in 2003. Radical transparency has also been explained by Dan Goleman as a management approach where (ideally,) all decision making is carried out publicly. Specific to this approach is the potential for new technologies to reveal the eco-impact of products bought to steer consumers to make informed decisions and companies to reform their business practices.
In traditional public relations management, damage control involved the suppression of public information. But, as observed by Clive Thompson in Wired, the Internet has created a force towards transparency:
"[H]ere's the interesting paradox: The reputation economy creates an incentive to be more open, not less. Since Internet commentary is inescapable, the only way to influence it is to be part of it. Being transparent, opening up, posting interesting material frequently and often is the only way to amass positive links to yourself and thus to directly influence your Googleable reputation. Putting out more evasion or PR puffery won't work, because people will either ignore it and not link to it – or worse, pick the spin apart and enshrine those criticisms high on your Google list of life." Mark Zuckerberg has opined that "more transparency should make for a more tolerant society in which people eventually accept that everybody sometimes does bad or embarrassing things."
Radical political transparency
Heemsbergen argues that radical political transparency consists of actors outside of the structures of government, using new media forms, to disclose secrets to the public in ways that were previously unavailable and that create new expectations around how information should be used to govern. A prominent example of these evolutions of democracy was seen in the creation of Hansard in parliaments of the Westminster system, which started in pirate markets of pamphleteers illegally sharing the 'secrets' of what was said in British Parliament. Hansard is now institutionalised in many parliaments, with full records of discussions in parliament recorded and published, while the texts of proposed laws and final laws are all, in principle, public documents.
Since the late 1990s, many national parliaments decided to publish all parliamentary debates and laws on the Internet. However, the initial texts of proposed laws and the discussions and negotiations regarding them generally occur in parliamentary commissions, which are rarely transparent, and among political parties, which are very rarely transparent. Moreover, given the logical and linguistic complexity of typical national laws, public participation is difficult despite the radical transparency at the formal parliamentary level.
Radical transparency has also been suggested in the context of government finance and public economics. In Missed Information, Sarokin and Schulkin take the concept even further, advocating for hypertransparency of government decision-making, a situation where all internal records, emails, meeting minutes and other internal information is proactively available to the public. Hypertransparency reverses the current Freedom of Information model of access only upon request, instead making all information available by default unless withheld for limited exemptions such as personal information or national security.
Radical educational transparency
A radically transparent approach is also emerging within education. Open educational resources (OER) are freely accessible, usually openly licensed documents and media that are useful for teaching, learning, educational, assessment and research purposes. Although some people consider the use of an open format to be an essential characteristic of OER, this is not a universally acknowledged requirement. In addition online courses activities are also becoming increasingly more accessible for others. One example are the new and popular massive open online courses (MOOC).
See also
Corporate transparency
E-democracy
Open business
Open government
Open society
Open source governance
Open education
References
Further reading
Rock, David. "Why Radical Transparency Is Good for Business." Psychology Today. October 15, 2012.
Brin, David. "World Cyberwar And the Inevitability of Radical Transparency." Metroactive. July 6, 2011.
The Transparent Society: Will Technology Force Us to Choose Between Privacy and Freedom? - by David Brin
Radically Transparent: Monitoring and Managing Reputations Online - by Andy Beal and Judy Strauss
Clare Birchall, podcast, 'Why WikiLeaks might not be as radical as it thinks'
Clare Birchall (ed) 'Secrecy and Transparency', Theory, Culture & Society, 7-8, Dec 2011.
Clare Birchall, '"There's been too much secrecy in this city": The False Choice between Secrecy and Transparency in US Politics', Cultural Politics, March 2011.
McStay, Andrew. Privacy and Philosophy: New Media and Affective Protocol. New York: Peter Lang. 2014.
Organizational structure
.
The Rodney Cox myth is an urban legend which purports that a man, whose name is sometimes given as Robert Cox, was personally executed by U.S. President Thomas Jefferson for treason. There is no substantive evidence that Cox existed or that Jefferson personally executed anybody, yet the urban legend has persisted. The rumor seems to originate from the 2001 movie Swordfish, which presents the story.
References
Urban legends
Cultural depictions of Thomas Jefferson
Capital punishment in the United States
Works about capital punishment
Herschel Turner (born June 17, 1942) is a former American football tackle and guard. They played for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1964 to 1965.
References
1942 births
Living people
American football tackles
American football guards
Kentucky Wildcats football players
St. Louis Cardinals (football) players
Thomas A. Kennedy (born 1955) is an American business executive. They were the chief executive officer (CEO) and chairperson of the Raytheon Company from March 2014 to April 2020.
Education
Kennedy has a BS degree in Electrical Engineering from Rutgers University and a MS degree from Air Force Institute of Technology. Kennedy has a doctorate degree in Engineering from UCLA.
Career
In 1983, Kennedy joined Raytheon Corporation in the area of radar development. Since April 2013, Kennedy has served as executive VP and COO of Raytheon.
In March 2014, at age 58, Kennedy became the CEO of Raytheon, succeeding William H. Swanson. Kennedy was elected to the board of directors in January 2014.
In April 2020, Raytheon Company completed their merger with United Technologies Corporation (UTC) to form Raytheon Technologies. UTC CEO Gregory J. Hayes was named CEO of the combined company, and Kennedy was named Executive Chairman.
References
External links
Profile of Thomas Kennedy at Bloomberg.com
Biography of Thomas A. Kennedy, Ph.D. at Raytheon.com (pdf format)
1956 births
Living people
American chief executives
Raytheon Company people
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
Rutgers University alumni
Air Force Institute of Technology alumni
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Raytheon Technologies people
The Health Research Council of New Zealand (HRC) is a Crown agency of the New Zealand Government.
It is responsible for managing the government's investment in health research for the public good.
The HRC was established under the Health Research Council Act 1990. Since January 2016, HRC's board has been chaired by Dr Lester Levy. The Council's Chief Executive since February 2020 is Professor Sunny Collings.
The statutory functions of the HRC include:
administering funds in relation to national health research policy
advising the Minister of Health
supporting health research and those engaged in health research in New Zealand
undertaking consultation to establish priorities in health research
promoting and disseminating the results of health research.
The Council awards the Liley Medal annually for recent research which has made an outstanding contribution to the health and medical sciences. The Council also awards the Beaven Medal annually for excellence in translational health research.
Before the establishment of the HRC, medical research in New Zealand was mostly overseen by the Medical Research Council of New Zealand (MRCNZ; 1937–1990). Jim Hodge was the director of the MRCNZ from 1972 to 1991.
References
External links
Official HRC website
Funding bodies of New Zealand
New Zealand Crown agents
Medical and health organisations based in New Zealand
1990 establishments in New Zealand
Government agencies established in 1990
Mary McPhillips may refer to:
Mary M. McPhillips, member of the New York State Assembly
Mary Helen McPhillips, Canadian television personality
"50/50 Luv" is the 1995 debut single by rappers B.G. Knocc Out & Dresta from their debut album Real Brothas.
Lyrics and music
The lyrics deal with the street life, how it has changed people and turned friends against each other. It is also considered a dedication to Eazy-E.
The song contains an interpolation of "When Somebody Loves You Back" by Teddy Pendergrass.
Track listing
"50/50 Luv" (LP Version) – 4:31
"50/50 Luv" (Radio Edit) – 3:46
"50/50 Luv" (Instrumental) – 5:00
"D.P.G./K" (LP Version) 3:54
Chart performance
The song peaked at number 68 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart, number 27 on the Hot Rap Singles chart and number five on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart.
References
External links
1995 debut singles
1995 songs
Gangsta rap songs
G-funk songs
Songs written by Kenny Gamble
Songs written by Leon Huff
Transcribe Bentham is a crowdsourced manuscript transcription project, run by University College London's Bentham Project, in partnership with UCL Centre for Digital Humanities, UCL Library Services, UCL Learning and Media Services, the University of London Computer Centre, and the online community. Transcribe Bentham was launched under a twelve-month Arts and Humanities Research Council grant.
For two years from October 2012, the project was funded by a grant from the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation's 'Scholarly Communications' programme, and the project consortium has been expanded to include the British Library.
Rationale
Transcribe Bentham was launched in September 2010. The project makes available, via a transcription interface based on a customised MediaWiki, high-quality digital images of UCL's vast collection of unpublished manuscripts written and composed by the philosopher and reformer, Jeremy Bentham, which runs to some 60,000 manuscript folios (an estimated 30,000,000 words). Under the Mellon Foundation grant, the remainder of the UCL Bentham Papers were digitised, along with all of the British Library's own collection of Bentham manuscripts, some 12,500 manuscript folios (or an estimated 6,000,000 words).
The project recruits volunteers to assist in transcribing the material, and thereby contribute to the Bentham Project's production of the new edition of The Collected Works of Jeremy Bentham. Volunteer-produced transcripts are also uploaded to UCL's digital Bentham Papers repository, in order to widen access to the collection, and ensure its long-term preservation.
Transcription
Volunteers can sign up for a user account at the Transcription Desk. Once registered, they are given transcriber privileges. The volunteer then selects a manuscript, and is presented with a manuscript image alongside a free-text box, into which they or they enter their transcript (which can be saved at any time). Volunteers are also asked to add some basic formatting to their transcripts, and encode their work in Text-Encoding Initiative-compliant XML using a specially designed transcription toolbar. Using this, the volunteer can highlight a piece of text, or a position in the text, and click a button on the toolbar to identify a particular characteristic of that chosen portion. These include line breaks, paragraphs, unusual spellings, and frequent additions, deletions and marginalia present in the manuscripts.
When a volunteer is happy with their or their transcript, it is submitted to Transcribe Bentham project staff for checking. Changes are made to the text and code, if necessary, and staff decide whether or not the transcript has been completed to a satisfactory degree for uploading to the digital repository. If it is decided that no further appreciable improvements can be made, the transcript is locked for further editing and converted to an XML file. However, if staff decide that a submitted transcript is incomplete - i.e. if it is partially transcribed, or there are a number of missing or unclear words - then it will remain unlocked for further crowdsourcing.
Work is currently ongoing to make improvements and modifications to the transcription interface.
As of 4 January 2019, volunteers had transcribed or partially transcribed 21,307 manuscripts - around 10.5 million words - of which 94% were of the required standard to form a basis for editorial work, and to be uploaded to the digital repository. Monthly progress updates are issued via the Transcribe Bentham blog.
Media coverage and prizes
The work of Transcribe Bentham has been reported upon by the international media. This coverage includes a feature article in The New York Times, The Sunday Times, The Chronicle of Higher Education, Deutsche Welle World radio, and Austria's ORF1 radio.
In September 2011, Transcribe Bentham was honoured with an Award of Distinction in the Digital Communities category of the Prix Ars Electronica, the world's foremost digital arts competition. In its report, the Digital Communities jury noted that the Transcribe Bentham transcription interface has 'the potential to become a standard tool for scholarly crowdsourcing projects', and that Transcribe Bentham as a whole has the 'potential to create the legacy of participatory education and the preservation of heritage or an endangered culture'.
Transcribe Bentham was also nominated for the 2011 Digital Heritage Award, along with:
the National Library of Finland's DigitalKoot
Old Weather
the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's Remember Me
the National Library of Australia's Trove
In November 2012, Transcribe Bentham came second in the Knetworks 'Platforms for Networked Innovation Competition', which sought to identify the 'most innovative web-based platform enabling regional innovation for public, private or research organizations'.
Transcribe Bentham was featured on BBC Radio 4's PM programme and the BBC News website on 27 August 2013. The report discussed how volunteers transcribed a series of recipes which were collated for Bentham's proposed panopticon prison, and how one - a 'Devonshire Pie' consisting of potatoes, tripe, onions, spleen, lungs, and gooseberries - was made by the Michelin-starred St John Smithfield restaurant. The recipes were published in 2014 as Jeremy Bentham's Prison Cooking: A Collection of Utilitarian Recipes.
Open-source code
The code for Transcribe Bentham's MediaWiki-based transcription interface is available for reuse and customisation, on an open source basis. It has been implemented by the Public Record Office Victoria for their pilot transcription project.
References
Further reading
External links
Crowdsourcing
Transcription (linguistics)
Philosophical literature
University College London
Jeremy Bentham
Tímea Papp (born in Kaposvár) is a Hungarian dancer and choreographer who can be recognized for their work in the Hungarian Film and Television Industry. Apart from graduating from both the Rotterdam Dance Academy and the Hungarian Dance Academy they participated in dance courses all around the world. Thanks to their knowledge and experience in many genres of dance from ballet through broadway and jazz all the way to contemporary dance they contributed to the success of award-winning feature films, theatrical productions like Chicago (musical), television shows such as Britain's Got Talent, America's Got Talent, Eurovision (Moscow, 2009 and Düsseldorf, 2011) and Fake Off in addition to advertisements and other creative projects worldwide. Since 2004 they have been working on developing a special technique where they combine dancing with videomapping projections to create an interactive choreography supplemented by visual elements. From 2009 using videomapping technique has been a kind of "trademark" in their work.  They are currently the artistic director and choreographer of the dance team called Freelusion.
Early life
Tímea Papp was born in Kaposvár, Hungary. They were raised in a family with three children, they have an older and a younger brother. Both their brothers grew up to be entrepreneurs; their younger brother became the co-founder of Freelusion. Them dad was a drummer who gave up being a professional musician for their family. Nevertheless, they never gave up creating rhythm with any object they could find around himself. Tímea's mother was an amateur dancer and a huge dance enthusiast their whole life. Tímea was infected with rhythm, music, and dancing from a very early age thanks to their parents. This impact was so great that they moved to Pécs in their teenage years so they could start their professional dancing training in the High School of Arts.
Field of Scientific Research, Mission
As mentioned earlier, Tímea Papp growing up has been surrounded by inspiration which drew them towards dancing. Learning Latin dances and ballet in their childhood, they were fascinated by street dances in the early 80's. Beside the dancing they spent 4 years studying kung fu. Them body awareness in space became very important to them Rudolf von Laban movement theoretic's space harmony theory has been a great influence on their work. All their research in movement, space and body awareness and their education and experience as a dancer lead to creating their own project: "Spacerider", which can be interpreted as their own avatar in their high-tech interactive choreographies.
Education and training
1988-1992 High School of Arts, Pecs
1993-1996 Rotterdam Dance Academy Codarts Faculty of Dance Teacher majoring in Jazz and Modern dance
1992-2003 Courses: Budapest, Rotterdam, Amsterdam, London, Pecs, Tokyo, New York
1998-2001 Hungarian Dance Academy, Budapest Faculty of Choreographer
Work experience as a dance teacher
High School of Arts, Pecs Modern dance teacher
Faculty of Sciences, University of Pecs Jazz-and Modern dance teacher
Budapest Contemporary Dance School Jazz-and Modern dance teacher
Talentum Contemporary Dance School, Budapest
Hungarian Dance Academy, Budapest Teacher of Jazz-and Modern dance
Elmhurst School for Dancing and Performing Arts, England Modern dance teacher
University of Theatre and Film Arts, Jazz dance teacher
Budapest Contemporary Dance Academy- Jazz-and Modern dance teacher
Hungarian Dance Academy, Budapest - Teacher of Jazz-and Modern dance, training methods, Arts of choreography, Leading teacher of street-urban dance major
Choreographer
Competition for Inspirational Choreographers Budapest: 'Na, most ki kivel van? (Now, who is with whom?)' Pecs Ballet: 'Idegenek (Strangers)'
Pecs Ballet: 'Párkeresés (Looking for a partner)' Utolsó Csepp Festival (Last Drop Festival): 'Hattyúdal (Swan-song)' Attila Jozsef Theatre: 'Villon és a többiek (Villon and the others)'
Pecs Ballet: 'Függő viszonyok (Dependence)' Trafo: 'Trio' University of Drama, Film and Television: 'Chicago' musical Utolsó Csepp Festival (Last Drop Festival): 'Hitchcock'
Madach Theatre: 'Chicago' musical
Hungarian Dance Academy Solo creations for international ballet competitions
RTL Klub, Aranycsirke Awards Gala
'Egy szoknya, egy nadrág' Hungarian feature film
Choreographer and director of events and commercials
Madach Theater: 'They are playing our song' musical
Madach Theatre: 'Te édes, de jó vagy, légy más! (I love you, you're perfect, now change!)' musical
3 seasons of 'Dancing with the stars' RTL television
'Mahagonny' opera Thalia Theater
'A kind of America 2' Hungarian feature film
Eurovision Moscow (Zoltan Ádok: 'Dance with me')
Sziget Festival Flashmob
3 seasons of 'Hungary's got talent' RTL television
Choreographer of X Factor RTL television
Eurovision Düsseldorf (Kati Wolf: What about my dreams)
Car Shows (Fiat, VW) Shanghai, Beijing, Delhi
Ramy Ayach Music video in Beirut
Britain's Got Talent contestant FREELUSION (semi final)
America's Got Talent contestant SENSETION (semi final)
Fake Off TruTV America contestant FREELUSION USA (final)
Norwegian Dancing with the stars Commercial Skal we Danse
IPTL tennis tour cheerleaders (Singapore-Manila-Delhi-Dubai)
Swing Hungarian feature film
American Girl Disney production
Dancer / performer
Madach Theatre: 'Chicago' musical (Mona)
RTL Klub, 'Első Generáció (First Generation)' – TV series (Alina)
Performances and video clips in Miami and Tokyo
National Dance Theatre: '1W', solo
Budapest Operetta Theatre: 'Púder (face-powder)' choreographer: Eva Duda
Music videos
'Dancing with the stars' Hungary
'Kind of America 2'
Eurovision Moscow (Zoltan Ádok: 'Dance with me')
Spacerider project
Freelusion Dance Company
Touring with Spacerider and Freelusion (Shanghai, Delhi, Istanbul)
Britain's Got Talent contestant FREELUSION (semi final)
Fake Off TruTV America contestant FREELUSION USA (final)
IPTL tennis tour cheerleaders (Singapore-Manila-Delhi-Dubai)
Awards
1999: Fülöp Viktor Scholarship
2005: Award of Excellence in the field of Dance Pedagogy
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Hungarian choreographers
Hungarian female dancers
Piotr Jarosiewicz (born 28 June 1998) is a Polish handball player for KS Azoty-Puławy and the Polish national team.
They represented Poland at the 2020 European Men's Handball Championship.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Lębork
Polish male handball players
The Anbariya Mosque (; ), also known as the Hamidiye Mosque, is a mosque built by the Ottoman Turks in Medina, which is nowadays part of Saudi Arabia. It is named after the Anbariya Gate, next to which the mosque was located.
Built in 1908 by the Ottoman Sultan Abdülhamid II, The Anbariya Mosque was a part of the Hejaz Railway project next to al-Muazzim Railway Station, which houses the Hejaz Railway Museum.
See also
List of mosques in Saudi Arabia
Lists of mosques
External links
Ümre Bilgileri from Turkey
Ottoman mosques
Mosques completed in 1908
Mosques in Medina
1908 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Jason Napper is a former Canadian diver. They won a gold medal in the 1 metre springboard event and a bronze medal in the 10 metre platform event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, British Columbia.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Divers at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Canadian male divers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Commonwealth Games medallists in diving
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Canada
Nianzou Tanguy-Austin Kouassi (born 7 June 2002), known as Tanguy Nianzou, is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for La Liga club Sevilla. They have represented France internationally at various youth levels.
Club career
Paris Saint-Germain
An academy graduate of Paris Saint-Germain (PSG), Nianzou made their professional debut on 7 December 2019 in a 3–1 league win against Montpellier. A few days later, they played in their first UEFA Champions League match as PSG were victorious 5–0 over Galatasaray.
Nianzou scored their first goal in a 3–0 Coupe de France win against Reims on 22 January 2020. This goal they scored was the 4,000th goal in PSG's history. They scored their first two Ligue 1 goals in an away game that ended in a 4–4 draw against Amiens on 15 February 2020. On 11 March, Nianzou played their final match for PSG, a 2–0 UEFA Champions League victory over Borussia Dortmund. They left the Parisian club upon the expiration of their contract, and signed for Bayern Munich on a free transfer.
Bayern Munich
On 1 July 2020, Bundesliga club Bayern Munich announced the signing of Nianzou on a four-year deal. They made their debut in a 3–1 league win against VfB Stuttgart on 28 November. On 12 December, Nianzou suffered a muscle injury, and was ruled out for one to two months. The injury was lingering from a previous injury that occurred at the beginning of the 2020–21 season. Their return proved to come later than expected, as they appeared as a substitute in a 1–1 draw to Union Berlin on 10 April 2021.
Sevilla
On 17 August 2022, Nianzou signed a five-year contract with Spanish club Sevilla.
On 19 August 2022, Nianzou made their debut against Real Valladolid.
International career
Born in France, Nianzou is of Ivorian descent. Nianzou is a current French youth international. They were part of French squad which reached semi-finals in 2019 UEFA European Under-17 Championship.
They were an important part of French team which finished third at 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup. They started all seven matches of France in the tournament and scored the equalizer in their team's 6–1 pre-quarter win against Spain.
Career statistics
Honours
Paris Saint-Germain
Ligue 1: 2019–20
Coupe de France: 2019–20
Coupe de la Ligue: 2019–20
UEFA Champions League runner-up: 2019–20
Bayern Munich
Bundesliga: 2020–21, 2021–22
DFL-Supercup: 2021, 2022
France U17
FIFA U-17 World Cup third place: 2019
Individual
Titi d'Or: 2019
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Footballers from Paris
French footballers
French sportspeople of Ivorian descent
France youth international footballers
Association football defenders
US Sénart-Moissy players
RCP Fontainebleau players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
FC Bayern Munich footballers
Sevilla FC players
Ligue 1 players
Bundesliga players
French expatriate footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
French expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Starveillance is a claymation television series created by Celebrity Deathmatch creator Eric Fogel that debuted on January 5, 2007, on E!. The show is produced by Toronto-based Cuppa Coffee Studios. Fogel chose not to work on their revived MTV hit Celebrity Deathmatch in order to spend more time working on this show. The series became available on Peacock.
Show
The show parodies celebrity situations through stop-motion animation.
The show is hosted by Glen and Corey, who hide video cameras all over the world to tape celebrities in their private moments.
Episodes
Response
The response from critics was mostly positive. For example, Variety said:
"Starveillance isn't the kind of concept likely to have significant staying power, but it feels like a logical step for E! as the channel seeks to branch out beyond its limited reality-TV profile into somewhat more ambitious fare -- the kind of show whose best moments are tailor-made to be sliced, diced and repurposed on YouTube." - Brian Lowry, Variety.
Syndication and Broadcast
Teen channel The N aired the episodes from April 11, 2009, to May 16, 2009. In addition to airing in the United States, the series aired in Italy under the title Starveglianza on E! in the same year.
Awards
In 2008, the series was nominated an Elan Award for Best Animated Production.
References
External links
Starveillance MySpace
2000s American adult animated television series
2000s American parody television series
2007 American television series debuts
2007 American television series endings
2000s Canadian adult animated television series
2007 Canadian television series debuts
2007 Canadian television series endings
American adult animated comedy television series
Canadian adult animated comedy television series
American stop-motion adult animated television series
Canadian stop-motion adult animated television series
Canadian parody television series
Crossover animated television series
English-language television shows
E! original programming
Television series by Cuppa Coffee Studios
Television series created by Eric Fogel
The Northern Samar Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Northern Samar.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Northern Samar.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Gary Lavin (NUP)
References
Politics of Northern Samar
Provincial boards in the Philippines
The St-Albert Cheese Co-operative () is a Franco-Ontarian co-ooperative that specialises in making cheese. One of the oldest co-operatives in Canada, it is known for its cheddar and its poutine curds and was named Grand Champion at the 2013 and 2014 British Empire Cheese Shows.
History
In early January 1894, a group of Franco-Ontarian cheesemakers in St. Albert, Ontario gathered together to launch a cheesemaking co-operative, named "The St-Albert Co-Operative Cheese Manufacturing Association." Led by Louis Grenier, the group included Joseph Forgues, Moïse Scheffer, Joseph Labelle, Antoine Quesnel, Joseph Pinsonneault, Godfroy Clément, Jean-Baptiste Ouimet, Cyril Richer, and Adrien Trudeau.
In 1931, the Co-op was sold to a private business person. However, the private ownership did not last long, and in 1939, the Co-op's workers raised a sum of $8,500 to buy it back.
In 1995, Réjean Ouimet, the great-grandson of founder Jean-Baptiste Ouimet, was named general manager of the Co-op, a post they held for the following two decades.
In 2009, the Co-op brought the Fromagerie Mirabel in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec. Later that year, the Co-op announced an expansion of its facilities, funded in party by $1.4 million in development funds from the government of Ontario, that would theoretically allow it to double its production, depending on Canadian Dairy Commission quotas.
2013 fire
On 3 February 2013, the Co-op was struck by a fire, resulting in widespread destruction of its facilities and tens of millions of property damage, including over $3 million worth of cheese and numerous historical archives of the Co-op. The mayor of The Nation, Ontario, the municipality that includes St-Albert, stated that the fire was "more than the loss of the building. It's a page of history that's been ripped out."
In the weeks following the fire, Ontario was struck by a shortage of cheese curds, with deals being made with several Québec fromageries to increase production to temporarily service the region. A small online black market popping up, with a bag of St-Albert cheese that usually cost $7 being resold on sites such as Kijiji for as much as $55.
A number of the Co-op's workers were temporarily transferred to jobs at other fromageries while reconstruction began, while other workers were tasked with helping the reconstruction.
In 2014, the Co-op was able to restart some production on site. In 2015, it fully opened its rebuilt facilities. The government of Ontario also provided some funds to help the Co-op rebuild.
In March 2015, the Co-op announced that it would sue a number of electric companies and regulators, including the Electrical Safety Authority and Eaton Corporation, alleging that electrical equipment that was badly manufactured and installed, and had been missed during safety inspections, had caused the fire.
By 2018, the Co-op's production levels had returned to the level from before the fire.
Post-fire
In 2019, the Co-op celebrated its 125th anniversary with several events being held in St-Albert. On 25 September 2019, Franco-Ontarian Day in Ontario, the 17th Monument to Ontario Francophonie was inaugurated next to the Co-op. It received a $1.5 million grant from the Dairy Processing Investment Fund.
In February 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada, the Co-op was forced to temporarily close after three workers tested positive for the disease. After further testing by the Eastern Ontario Health Unit, the outbreak was contained, and the Co-op was able to re-open in March.
See also
List of cooperatives
References
External links
St-Albert Cheese Coop - Official website in English
Cheesemakers
Franco-Ontarian organizations
Cooperatives in Canada
Dairy products companies of Canada
Canadian companies established in 1894
Fathabad (, also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Pishva Rural District, in the Central District of Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Evan Dylan Whitfield (born June 23, 1977) is a retired American soccer player who spent seven seasons in Major League Soccer.
Player
Youth
Whitfield graduated from Brophy College Preparatory in Phoenix. They were the 1995 Arizona 5A Player of the Year as they took Brophy to the Arizona high school soccer championship. Whitfield was also a Parade Magazine All American. In 1997, Whitfield played for the Tucson Amigos in the USISL. They played college soccer at Duke University from 1995 to 1998. In seventy-five games, they scored one goal and added fifteen assists.
Professional
On February 6, 1999, the Chicago Fire selected Whitfield in the first round (eleventh overall) of the 1999 MLS College Draft. They did not join the Fire, but signed with Belgian club KAA Gent. Not being able to break into the first team in Europe, they came back to MLS and joined the Fire midway through the 1999 soccer season. They missed most of the 2002 season with a torn ACL). In 2000 and 2003, the Fire to the US Open Cup in 2000 and 2003. In December 2004, the Fire traded Whitfield and Dipsy Selolwane to the expansion Real Salt Lake in exchange for Salt Lake's
2005 third round and 2006 second round draft picks. They played five games for Salt Lake before being released mid-season.
International
Whitfield played for the United States in the 2000 Summer Olympics,
Post playing career
In May 2006, Whitfield graduated from DePaul Law. They then worked as an associate at Schiller, DuCanto & Fleck LLP. In 2011, Whitfield became a commentator for Chicago Fire games.
References
External links
SoccerTimes: Evan Whitfield
1977 births
American soccer coaches
American soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
Chicago Fire FC players
DePaul University College of Law alumni
Duke University alumni
Duke Blue Devils men's soccer players
Footballers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
K.A.A. Gent players
Living people
Major League Soccer players
Olympic soccer players of the United States
Real Salt Lake players
Soccer players from Arizona
Tucson Amigos players
USISL Premier Development Soccer League players
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
Chicago Fire FC draft picks
Association football defenders
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Footballers at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in football
Cyperus subaequalis is a species of sedge that is native to parts of Madagascar.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
subaequalis
Plants described in 1887
Endemic flora of Madagascar
Taxa named by John Gilbert Baker
This is a list of stock short titles that are used for legislation in one or more of the countries where short titles are used. It is also a list of articles that list or discuss legislation by short title or subject.
Act of Uniformity
Administration of Justice Act
Agricultural Holdings Act
Appellate Jurisdiction Act
Appropriation Act
Armed Forces Act
Atomic Energy Act
Atomic Energy Authority Act
Bank of England Act
Bank Notes Act
Bankruptcy Act
Beerhouse Act
Births and Deaths Registration Act
Bridges Act
British Museum Act
British Nationality Act
British North America Act
British Subjects Act
Broadcasting Act
Building Societies Act
Burial Act
Children Act
Church Building Act
Coinage Act
Coinage Offences Act
Commons Act
Communications Act
Companies Act
Consolidated Fund Act
Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act
Copyright Act
Coroners Act
County Courts Act
Court of Session Act
Crimes Act
Criminal Justice Act
Criminal Law Act
Criminal Law Amendment Act
Criminal Procedure Act
Crown Lands Act
Defamation Act
Defence Act
Diseases of Animals Act
Dogs Act
East India Company Act
Ecclesiastical Commissioners Act
Ecclesiastical Courts Act
Education Act
Employment Relations Act
Entail Act
Evidence Act
Factory Act
Fatal Accidents Act
Finance Act
Finance Act (India)
Firearms Act
Fisheries Act
Forcible Entry Act
Forgery Act
Friendly Societies Act
Government Annuities Act
Greenwich Hospital Act
Health and Social Care Act
Highway Act
House of Commons Disqualification Act
Housing Act
Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act
Human Rights Act
Immigration Act
Inclosure Act
Income Tax Act
Indemnity Act
Infanticide Act
International Copyright Act
Interpretation Act
Isle of Man (Customs) Act
Judicature Act
Juries Act
Justices of the Peace Act
Land Act
Land Drainage Act
Land Purchase Act
Land Registration Act
Landlord and Tenant Act
Larceny Act
Law of Property Act
Law Reform Act
Libel Act
Licensing Act
Limitation Act
Local Government Act
Lunacy Act
Magistrates' Courts Act
Marriage Act
Matrimonial Causes Act
Medical Act
Mental Health Act
Merchant Shipping Act
Metropolitan Police Act
Militia Act
Misuse of Drugs Act
Municipal Corporations Act
National Debt Act
National Heritage Act
National Security Act
Northern Ireland Act
Oaths Act
Obscene Publications Act
Offences Against the Person Act
Offences at Sea Act
Official Information Act
Official Secrets Act
Parliament Act
Parliamentary Costs Act
Patent Act
Penal Servitude Act
Petroleum Act
Piracy Act
Police Act
Poor Relief Act
Post Office Act
Postal Services Act
Prevention of Corruption Act
Prison Act
Protection of Children Act
Public Health Act
Public Libraries Act
Public Order Act
Public Schools Act
Public Works Act
Queen Anne's Bounty Act
Railways Act
Regency Act
Representation of the People Act
Revenue Act
Riot Act
Sale of Goods Act
Sedition Act
Settled Land Act
Sexual Offences Act
Short Titles Act
Slave Trade Act
Solicitors Act
Stamp Act
Statute Law (Repeals) Act
Statute Law Revision Act
Statute Revision Act
Superannuation Act
Supreme Court of Judicature Act
Telecommunications Act
Telegraph Act
Theft Act
Tithe Act
Town and Country Planning Act
Trade Union Act
Trading with the Enemy Act
Tramways Act
Treason Act
Truck Act
Trusts Act
Weights and Measures Act
Welfare Reform Act
Wills Act
Wireless Telegraphy Act
Witchcraft Act
Universities Act
Unlawful Oaths Act
Vaccination Act
Visiting Forces Act
See also
List of legislation named for a person
List of legislation named for a place
References
"Alphabetical Table of Statutes". Current Law Statutes.
"Alphabetical Table of Statutes, Measures, Orders, Etc". Halsbury's Statutes of England.
"Alphabetical Table of Statutes and Rules Selected". Chitty's Statutes of Practical Utility.
Craies and Hardcastle. "Popular or Short Titles of Statutes". Treatise on the Construction and Effect of Statute Law. 2nd Ed. 1892. p 604.
"Alphabetical Table of Statutes". Juta's Statutes of South Africa.
"Alphabetical Table of Statutes". The Statutes of New South Wales.
"Alphabetical Table of Statutes". Statutes of Saskatchewan.
Short titles
The 2009 European Ladies' Team Championship took place 7–11 July at Bled Golf & Country Club in Bled, Slovenia. It was the 27th women's golf amateur European Ladies' Team Championship.
Venue
The hosting King's Course at Bled Golf & Country Club, the oldest golf course in Slovenia, located 2 kilometers east of Bled, was built in 1937 in varied and diverse terrains, on the initiative of the Yugoslav royal family. It was re-designed in 1972 by golf architect Donald Harradine.
The championship course was set up with par 73.
Format
All participating teams played two qualification rounds of stroke-play with six players, counted the five best scores for each team.
The eight best teams formed flight A, in knock-out match-play over the next three days. The teams were seeded based on their positions after the stroke-play. The first placed team was drawn to play the quarter final against the eight placed team, the second against the seventh, the third against the sixth and the fourth against the fifth. In each match between two nation teams, two 18-hole foursome games and five 18-hole single games were played. Teams were allowed to switch players during the team matches, selecting other players in to the afternoon single games after the morning foursome games. Teams knocked out after the quarter finals played one foursome game and four single games in each of their remaining matches. Games all square after 18 holes were declared halved, if the team match was already decided.
The seven teams placed 9–15 in the qualification stroke-play formed flight B, to play similar knock-out match-play, with one foursome game and four single games, to decide their final positions.
The three teams placed 16–18 in the qualification stroke-play formed flight C, to meet each other, with one foursome game and four single games, to decide their final positions.
Teams
18 nation teams contested the event. Each team consisted of six players.
Players in the teams
Winners
Team France lead the opening 36-hole qualifying competition, with a score of 3 over par 733, two strokes ahead of defending champions team Sweden.
Individual leaders in the 36-hole stroke-play competition was Carlota Ciganda, Spain and Marieke Nivard, Netherlands, each with a score of 7 under par 139, one stroke ahead of Lucie André, France..
Team Germany won the championship, beating England 4–3 in the final and earned their first title.
Team France earned third place, beating Spain 4–3 in the bronze match.
Results
Qualification round
Team standings
* Note: In the event of a tie the order was determined by the better total non-counting scores.
Individual leaders
Note: There was no official award for the lowest individual score.
Flight A
Bracket
Final games
Flight B
Bracket
Flight C
Team matches
Final standings
Sources:
See also
Espirito Santo Trophy – biennial world amateur team golf championship for women organized by the International Golf Federation.
European Amateur Team Championship – European amateur team golf championship for men organised by the European Golf Association.
European Ladies Amateur Championship – European amateur individual golf championship for women organised by the European Golf Association.
References
External links
European Golf Association: Results
European Ladies' Team Championship
Golf tournaments in Slovenia
European Ladies' Team Championship
European Ladies' Team Championship
European Ladies' Team Championship
Gandy Belting Company Building is a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a brick masonry bearing-wall structure built in five sections. The sections built in 1888, 1890, and 1908 are four stories in height. The remaining two sections, built in 1908-1911 and 1911 respectively, are five stories in height. The Gandy Belting Company, (1888-1931) manufacturer of machinery belting.
Gandy Belting Company Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
References
External links
, including photo from after 1908, at Maryland Historical Trust
Buildings and structures in Baltimore
Downtown Baltimore
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
Industrial buildings completed in 1911
1911 establishments in Maryland
Rickie D. Moore, Ph.D., is a noted renewal theologian within the Pentecostal movement.  They are now the Associate Dean of the Lee University School of Religion.
Moore received a B.A. from Lee College in 1976, their M.A. from Vanderbilt University in 1982 and a Ph.D. from Vanderbilt in 1988.  They are an ordained bishop of the Church of God, and was appointed to the faculty of the Church of God Theological Seminary in 1982, becoming Professor of Old Testament Studies.
Moore's Vanderbilt University Ph.D. dissertation on the Elisha Stories in II Kings was revised and published with Sheffield Academic Press under the title, God Saves: Lessons From the Elisha Stories. Together with their seminary colleagues, John Christopher Thomas and Steven Jack Land, Moore is a founding editor of the Journal of Pentecostal Theology, the first academic series ever to feature constructive theology from a Pentecostal perspective on an international, scholarly level. Moore received a major research grant in 1994 by the Association of Theological Schools to study the relationship of charisma and canon in the Old Testament.
References
External links
Church of God Theological Seminary
Rickie Moore, faculty page at Lee University, Cleveland, TN
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American religion academics
Pentecostal theologians
Pentecostal writers
Lee University alumni
Pentecostals from Tennessee
Vanderbilt University alumni
2-Methylbut-3-yn-2-ol is the organic compound with the formula HC2C(OH)Me2 (Me = CH3). A colorless liquid, it is classified as an alkynyl alcohol.
Preparation and use
It arises from the condensation of acetylene and acetone. The addition can be promoted with base or with Lewis acid catalysts. 2-Methylbut-3-yn-2-ol is produced on an industrial scale as a precursor to terpenes and terpenoids.
2-Methylbut-3-yn-2-ol also is used as a monoprotected version of acetylene. For example, after arylation at carbon, the acetone can be removed with base:
HC2C(OH)Me2 + ArX + base → ArC2C(OH)Me2 + [Hbase]X
ArC2C(OH)Me2 → ArC2H + OCMe2
In this regard, 2-methylbut-3-yn-2-ol is used similarly to trimethylsilylacetylene.
References
Alkynols
Tertiary alcohols
Propargyl compounds
, known for sponsorship reasons as Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Urawa Reds Ladies, is a women's football club playing in Japan's football league, WE League. Its hometown is the city of Saitama in Saitama Prefecture.
Men's and youth teams
Men's: Urawa Red Diamonds play in J1 League.
Youth: Urawa Red Diamonds Ladies Youth (Under-18) play in Kantō League.
Junior Youth: Urawa Red Diamonds Ladies Junior Youth (Under-14) play in Saitama League.
Player
First-team squad
Former notable players
GK
Nozomi Yamago (2005–2012)
DF
Kyoko Yano (2007–2012)
Saki Kumagai (2009–2011)
Honours
Domestic
WE League
Runners-up (1): 2021–22Nadeshiko League Division 1Champions (4): 2004, 2009, 2014, 2020Runners-up (3): 2006, 2010, 2019Empress's CupChampions (1): 2021Runners-up (5): 2004, 2009, 2010, 2014, 2019, 2020WE League CupChampions (1): 2022–23
Nadeshiko League Cup
Runners-up (3): 2007, 2010, 2017
Nadeshiko Super Cup
Runners-up (1): 2005
International
Japan/Korea Women's League Championship
Champions (1): 2010
Season-by-season records
Transition of team name
Urawa Reinas FC: 1999–2001
Saitama Reinas FC: 2002–2004
Urawa Red Diamonds Ladies: 2005–present
See also
List of women's football clubs in Japan
References
External links
Official website
Ladies
Women's football clubs in Japan
1998 establishments in Japan
Mitsubishi Motors
Japan Women's Football League teams
Sports teams in Saitama (city)
WE League clubs
Vermilion County is a county in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Illinois, between the Indiana border and Champaign County. It was established in 1826 and was the 45th of Illinois' 102 counties. According to the 2010 United States Census, it had a population of 81,625, a decrease of 2.7% in 2000. It contains 21 incorporated settlements; the county seat and largest city is Danville.
Vermilion County is part of the Danville, Illinois, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Vermilion County is named after the Vermilion River, which passes through the county and empties into the Wabash River in Indiana near Cayuga; the river was so named because of the color of the earth along its route.
The area which became Vermilion County was under the flag of France from 1682 to 1763, as part of New France.
It was taken over by Great Britain for fifteen years after the French and Indian War; it then became part of the colonies after the Revolutionary War when the area was ceded to Virginia, titled "the Illinois County of Virginia". Later it was part of the Indiana Territory, then the Illinois Territory, and finally the state of Illinois. The county was created on 18 January 1826, from a portion of Edgar County. There was an unorganized territory to the north and west which was attached to the county; Champaign and Iroquois counties were formed from part of this territory in 1833. The remainder was used to create Ford County in 1859, the last Illinois county to be formed.
The county's saline springs were a strong attraction to early explorers; they were mentioned as early as 1801. Joseph Barron, an interpreter fluent in several Native American languages, stated in an affidavit that they were present at the "Vermilion Salines" that year. The production required 100 gallons of water for one bushel of salt and proved to be profitable from the first run (1822–1829), when salt became less expensive and the venture was no longer economical.
The area's first settlement was made in 1819 near these saline springs, by the Treat, Beckwith, and Whitcomb. James Butler, from Ohio, followed in 1820 and settled in the Catlin area; within a few years, the settlement grew to encompass several families and became known as "Butler's Point". In the southern part of the county, Henry Johnson built a cabin west of present-day Georgetown; this area was known as "Johnson's Point". The southern portion of the county was soon filled with small settlements. Most settlers in Vermilion County came from the American South, who had left because of their opposition to slavery.
Some of the early settlers were of the Religious Society of Friends, or Quakers. They founded the settlement of Vermilion Grove in the south part of the county, one of the county's first settlements and the site of the county's second public school.
The county has strong ties to Abraham Lincoln, who practiced law in Danville from 1841 to 1859 with Ward Hill Lamon; Lamon later served as Lincoln's bodyguard. Lincoln spoke in Danville during their 1858 campaign for a seat in the US Senate. Lincoln gave the speech in their stocking feet from the balcony of Dr. William Fithian, a prominent local physician. The Fithian home is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places and serves as the Vermilion County Museum; visitors can see Lincoln memorabilia including a bed in which Lincoln slept.
The various stages in the evolution of Vermilion County are shown below.
Geography
Vermilion County is located along the eastern border of Illinois; its northern border is about south of Chicago.
Vermilion County in Illinois and Vermillion County in Indiana are two of twenty-two counties or parishes in the United States with the same name to border each other across state lines. According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.68%) is land and (or 0.32%) is water. The land in Vermilion County consists mostly of various forms of silt loam. Lake Vermilion, a human-made reservoir, is the county's largest body of water, located northwest of Danville. It provides the city's culinary water, and also provides recreation opportunities.
Adjacent counties
Iroquois County – north
Benton County, Indiana – northeast
Warren County, Indiana – east
Vermillion County, Indiana – southeast
Edgar County – south
Douglas County - southwest
Champaign County – west
Ford County – northwest
Cities
Danville (county seat)
Hoopeston
Georgetown
Villages
Allerton – at SW corner of county; extends into Champaign County
Alvin – north of Danville
Belgium – on Route 1
Bismarck – north of Danville
Catlin – southwest of Danville
Fairmount – southwest of Danville
Fithian – west of Danville on US 150
Henning – north of Danville on US 136
Indianola – southwest of Danville
Muncie – west of Danville on US 150
Oakwood – west of Danville on US 150
Potomac – on US 136 north of Danville
Rankin – at NW corner of county
Ridge Farm
Rossville – on Route 1, south of Hoopeston
Sidell – east of Allerton
Tilton
Westville
Unincorporated communities
Armstrong
Batestown
Cheneyville
Collison
East Lynn
Hartshorn
Hegeler
Hillery
Hope
Illiana
Jamaica
Jamesburg
Midway
Newtown
Olivet
Ryan
Unionville
Previous settlements
Several towns were established in the county which no longer survives. In some cases, the coming of the railroads helped to define the best locations for settlements, and as a result some existing towns were abandoned. When Lake Vermilion was created, the town of Denmark was flooded and now lies at the bottom of the reservoir.
Archie (south of Sidell)
Blue Grass City
Butler's Point (see Catlin)
Conkeytown
Denmark
Ellis (Middlefork Township)
Franklin (see Bismarck)
Geneva
Gilbert (see Alvin)
Humrick
Johnsonville (Blount Township)
Munroe
Myersville (see Bismarck)
Pellsville (see Rankin)
Prospect City
Reilly (Butler Township)
Shepherd's Town
Watkins Grove (or Watkins Glen)
Weaver City (see Ambia, Indiana)
Townships
Township government was adopted in Vermilion County in 1851, and eight townships were created:
Carroll
Danville
Elwood
Georgetown
Middlefork
Newell (first called Richland)
Pilot
Ross
Eleven additional townships were created in the following decades:
Blount
Butler
Catlin
Grant
Jamaica
Love
McKendree
Oakwood
Sidell
South Ross
Vance
Parks
The Vermilion County Conservation District operates four parks:
Forest Glen Preserve
Heron County Park
Kennekuk Cove County Park
Lake Vermilion County Park
The Illinois Department of Natural Resources manages three areas in the county:
Kickapoo State Recreation Area
Harry "Babe" Woodyard State Natural Area
Middle Fork State Fish and Wildlife Area
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 81,625 people, 32,655 households, and 21,392 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 36,318 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 82.5% white, 13.0% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.5% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 21.2% self-identified as American, 18.9% as German, 10.1% as Irish, and 9.1% as English.
Of the 32,655 households, 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.7% were married couples living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.5% were non-families, and 29.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.96. The median age was 39.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,456 and the median income for a family was $49,429. Males had a median income of $40,107 versus $30,104 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,218. About 14.6% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.0% of those under age 18 and 9.1% of those age 65 or over.
Climate and weather
Vermilion County is in the humid continental climate region of the United States along with most of Illinois. Its Köppen climate classification is Dfa, meaning that it is cold, has no dry season, and has a hot summer. In recent years, average temperatures in Danville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from inches in February to inches in June.
Transportation
Interstate 74 enters Vermilion County from the west on its way from Champaign–Urbana, and passes just to the north of the towns of Fithian, Muncie and Oakwood before passing through the south edge of the Kickapoo State Park, the north edge of Tilton and the south edge of Danville. Continuing east, it leaves the county and the state on its way to Indianapolis.
US Route 136, which runs across five states, passes into Vermilion County from the west on its way from Rantoul. It passes east through the towns of Armstrong, Potomac and Henning; it reaches Illinois Route 1 south of Rossville and then shares that highway's route as it passes south through Danville. At the south edge of Danville it reaches Main Street and resumes its eastward heading, leaving the east edge of Danville and passing out of the county and state on its way to Covington, Indiana.
US Route 150 enters the county from Champaign–Urbana to the west, running just to the south of Interstate 74 and passing through the towns of Fithian, Muncie and Oakwood. Just west of Danville it crosses to the north side of Interstate 74 as that highway veers to the southeast. In downtown Danville, it meets Illinois Route 1 and U.S. Route 136, and follows Route 1 to the south and continues through the towns of Belgium, Westville, Georgetown and Ridge Farm before entering Edgar County further to the south.
Illinois Route 1 runs from the north to the south through the county, passing through Hoopeston, Rossville, Danville, Belgium, Westville, Georgetown and Ridge Farm.
Illinois Route 9 runs from west to east near the north edge of the county and passes through Rankin and Hoopeston; upon reaching the Indiana border
Indiana State Road 26 continues its route to the east toward Lafayette, Indiana.
Illinois Route 49 is a north–south highway near the western edge of the county. It passes south through Rankin where it intersects Route 9; further south it passes near Armstrong where U.S. Route 136 briefly shares its route. Crossing Interstate 74, it shares the route of U.S. Route 150, running west for about and leaving the county before continuing south in Champaign County.
Illinois Route 119 is a short east–west road that connects the intersection of Illinois Route 1 and U.S. Route 136 with Indiana State Road 28 at the state line.
Four railroad lines pass through or into the county, all intersecting in the Danville area; this results in many different railroad crossings throughout the city:
Norfolk Southern Railway line – enters the county from Decatur to the southwest and passes through Danville on its way to Lafayette, Indiana to the northeast
CSX Transportation line - north-south through the county, connecting Chicago and Terre Haute, Indiana via Paris
Kankakee, Beaverville and Southern Railroad line – north–south line through the county, to the east of the CSX line, a few miles from the state border, beginning in northern Iroquois County and running south through Danville, then veering east.
Vermilion Valley Railroad line – a line that connects the Flex-N-Gate factory west of Covington, Indiana with CSX in Danville.
The Vermilion Regional Airport is located northeast of Danville.
Economy
For 2014, Vermilion County had a workforce of 35,643 people; 32,584 were employed and 3,059 (8.6%) were unemployed.
Education
There are 12 school districts in the county that provide primary and secondary education. There are two post-secondary educational institutions: Danville Area Community College, a public two-year community college, and Lakeview College of Nursing, a four-year private institution (both located in Danville).
Government
Based on the 2000 census, Vermilion County is part of the Illinois's 15th congressional district; the Illinois Senate districts 52 and 53; and the Illinois House of Representatives districts 104 and 105.
Each township has a supervisor. The township board consists of the supervisor and four members elected at large from the township.
The Vermilion County Board is controlled by Republicans. Larry Baughn (R) of Hoopeston serves as chairperson. The Vermilion County Circuit Court is led by Judge Thomas O'Shaugnessy.
Politics
See also
Danville Area Community College
Danville High School
National Register of Historic Places listings in Vermilion County, Illinois
Vermilion Regional Airport
References
Bibliography
External links
Vermilion County official site
Vermilion County Fact Sheet, Illinois State Archives
Vermilion County and Danville Public Portal
Vermilion County Museum
Vermilion County War Museum
Vermilion County Forest Preserves
Cemeteries of Vermilion County Illinois
Illinois counties
1826 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1826
Badarawa is a town located in Kaduna city under Kaduna North local government area. it was bordered by Unguwan Sarki, Unguwan Dosa, Malali and Nigerian Defence Academy, Kaduna.
Geographical locations
It consists of some small towns: Kwaru, Malali, Majalisa, Unguwan Yaro, Unguwan Shekara, Unguwan Bado and Unguwan mai samari. The whole of Badarawa is subdivided into two: Badarawa village and Badarawa G.R.A.
Government and rulers
It has only two leaders, a traditional ruler called Mai-anguwa or Sarkin Badarawa and an Electoral leader called Councillor.
Health and education
The town has L.E.A government primary school called L.E.A Badarawa where people of the place study Western education. They also have a primary health care.
Notable people
Mohammed Inuwa Wushishi
External links
Kaduna State Media Corporation
Official State Government Website
References
Populated places in Kaduna State
Towns in Nigeria
Behrouz Boroumand () is an Iranian physician and political activist.
Early life and education
Boroumand was born in Qaemshahr, Mazandaran province, and obtained their medical degree from University of Tehran Medical School. They did their residency in Hackensack, New Jersey and District of Columbia General Hospital, and gained a fellowship in nephrology and nephropathology at Armed Forces Institute of Pathology.
Medical career
During the 1970s, Boroumand worked at the 'National Dialysis and Transplant Committee' of health ministry and collaborated in the first kidney transplantation service in Iran.
From 1976 to 1980, they were the president of 'Iranian Society of Nephrology' and office they hold for the second spell since 2000.  They are acclaimed as "the founder and leader of kidney disease treatment in the Middle East" by the International Society of Nephrology (ISN), and received the society's Pioneer Award in 2014.
Political activities
Boroumand has served in the leadership council of the Nation Party of Iran.
References
Living people
Nation Party of Iran politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Qaem Shahr
University of Tehran alumni
Georgetown University School of Medicine alumni
Iranian nephrologists
Iranian pathologists
Iranian expatriates in the United States
National Front (Iran) student activists
The Morane-Saulnier S,also known as MoS-10, was a large twin-engined biplane bomber designed and built in France around 1916. Powered by two Renault 12E V-12 water-cooled piston engines, with Hazet type side radiators, the 'S' was given the STAé designation MoS-10 and serial MS-625.
Variants
Morane-Saulnier S company designation for Renault 12E V-12 powered version
MoS.10 B.3official French government STAe designation for the S
Morane-Saulnier Y company designation for Hispano-Suiza 8Aa V-8 powered version.
MoS.24 B.3official French government STAe designation for the Y
Specifications (S)
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
1910s French bomber aircraft
S
Aircraft first flown in 1916
Manzelabad (, also Romanized as Manzelābād; also known as Manzilābād) is a village in Khursand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 195, in 49 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The 47th Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Notable battles the regiment was involved in include Shiloh.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
Dr. Christine E. Haycock (January 7, 1924 – January 23, 2008) was an American nurse and surgeon who served as a colonel in the United States Army Reserve, and as a professor of surgery and Director of Emergency Services at the New Jersey Medical School.
Background and education
Born in Mount Vernon, New York, Haycock was raised in Richmond, Virginia and Nutley, New Jersey, where they graduated from Nutley High School. They attended the Presbyterian Hospital School of Nursing and earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Chicago. They served in the United States Army during the Second World War in the Cadet Nurse Corps. After the war, they earned their medical degree from the Downstate Medical School of the State University of New York in 1952, and went on to become the first woman intern at Walter Reed Army Medical Center. in 1952 they became the first woman officer to serve as a physician in the U.S. Army Medical Corps. Following the Korean War, Haycock became the first woman to hold a major command in New Jersey, as head of the Army's 322nd General Hospital. They completed their surgical residency in New York before returning to New Jersey, where they opened a private practice in general surgery. During the course of their time with the Army Medical Corps, they would graduate from the US Army Command and General Staff College and the US Army War College. They also earned a master's degree in political science from Rutgers University.
Career and professional associations
Haycock joined the faculty of the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey (now New Jersey Medical School) as associate professor of surgery and director of emergency services in 1968 and helped establish the trauma center at University Hospital in Newark. They became known as an expert on uterine cancer and in sports medicine (especially for women). They were elected a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons. 1980 saw the publication of the book Sports Medicine for the Athletic Female, which they edited. Haycock spent a term (1981–82) as president of the American Medical Women's Association, having been active in that organization as president of the New Jersey branch. In 1984 they retired from the Army Medical Corps as a colonel, having served as a reservist since their time in World War II and Korea, totaling 38 years of military service.
In 2004, Haycock was awarded the Alma Dea Morani Renaissance Woman Award by the Women in Medicine Legacy Foundation.
In 2011, a Women's History Month exhibit by the National Guard Militia Museum of New Jersey in Lawrenceville centered around Haycock's role as a pioneer for women in Army medical service.
Private life
Haycock was active in women's fencing in the late 1940s (having been on the school team while at the University of Chicago), participating in the 1949 national championships in the foil, and even gave an exhibition with another woman fencer at a 1954 Japanese fencing tournament. In a later interview, they recalled ruefully that their time in fencing gave them considerable practical knowledge of breast injuries, and that they were black-and-blue "all the time". They found the existing protection (padded jackets) inadequate for female fencers, and wore a metal protector.
They also pitched for several softball teams, and while studying medicine in 1957 was pitching for the Linden, New Jersey Arians of the National Girls' Softball League. They told a reporter that she'd taken up baseball because in their all-boy neighborhood, "it was either play ball or be lonesome." They tried out for their high school baseball team, but the coach wouldn't let them play; so at age 15, they became the first female player for the Essex County Semi-Pro League. They were a photographer (elected a Fellow of the Photographic Society of America), videographer, ham radio operator and dog breeder. An active member of science fiction fandom (she served as treasurer of the Lunarians), Haycock was married to fellow fan Sam Moskowitz; they were Guests of Honor at Disclave 9.
They died January 23, 2008 at a hospice in Nutley.
References
1924 births
2008 deaths
American women nurses
American female foil fencers
Physicians from New Jersey
American surgeons
Women surgeons
Fellows of the American College of Surgeons
United States Army personnel of World War II
Semi-professional baseball players
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
United States Army War College alumni
Bloomfield College alumni
Rutgers University alumni
University of Chicago alumni
SUNY Downstate Medical Center alumni
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey faculty
American military doctors
American military nurses
Science fiction fans
Nutley High School alumni
People from Mount Vernon, New York
People from Nutley, New Jersey
American sports physicians
20th-century American women
American women academics
21st-century American women
Military personnel from New Jersey
United States Army colonels
The Vietnam Center and Archive collects and preserves the documentary record of the Vietnam War. The Vietnam Center and Archive, part of Texas Tech University, is the nation's largest and most comprehensive collection of information on the Vietnam War. On August 17, 2007, the Texas Tech Vietnam Center became the first U.S. institution to sign a formalized exchange agreement with the State Records and Archives Department of Vietnam. This opens the door for a two-way exchange between the entities.
History
In May 1989, a group of Vietnam veterans from West Texas gathered at Texas Tech University to discuss what they might do, in a positive way, about their experiences in Vietnam. Their meeting was spearheaded by Dr. James Reckner, a Texas Tech military history professor and two-tour Navy veteran of the Vietnam War who had become concerned with their students' lack of knowledge about the war. The group's immediate decision was to form a Vietnam Archive and begin collecting and preserving materials relating to the American Vietnam experience.
On December 2, 1989, the Texas Tech University Board of Regents approved the creation of the Center for the Study of the Vietnam Conflict. Its dual missions are to fund and guide the development of the Vietnam Archive and encourage continuing study of all aspects of the American Vietnam experience.
The group of veterans who first met in May 1989 was invited to form a board to provide guidance and support for the Vietnam Center. Since then, the Vietnam Center Advisory Board has met regularly to provide advice as the Vietnam Center and Archive at Texas Tech has evolved.
Many of the veterans who attended the first meeting in May 1989 continue to advise the Vietnam Center today.
In 2009, the Vietnam Center and Archive celebrated its 20th Anniversary. The guest speaker for the 20th Anniversary Ball was H. Ross Perot. Mr. Perot spoke about their work on POW/MIA issues, as well as the experiences of their friend, Congressman Sam Johnson, a former POW from the Vietnam War.
Vietnam Center and Archive's goals
The Vietnam Center's mission is to support and encourage research and education regarding all aspects of the American Vietnam experience; promoting a greater understanding of this experience and the peoples and cultures of Southeast Asia. The Vietnam Center provides administrative support for the Vietnam Archive and promotes education by organizing and hosting conferences and symposia each year. The Vietnam Center is currently located in the basement of the Math building at Texas Tech University.
The Vietnam Archive's mission is to collect and preserve the documentary record of the Vietnam War. The Archive is committed to preserving the record of individuals who participated in the War and to providing greater understanding of their experiences. While the Vietnam Archive continues this commitment as its primary objective, it has expanded its collection policy to include records of veterans' organizations and scholars of the period as well as other individuals and organizations who share experiences from the war in Vietnam.
The Vietnam Archive has collected millions of pages of material and tens of thousands of photographs, slides, maps, periodicals, audio, moving images, and books related to the Vietnam War, Indochina, and the impact of the war on the United States and Southeast Asia. The Vietnam Archive continues to collect materials today. It is a donation-driven archive, meaning they only have items that people have donated to them. A large portion of their materials are from military veterans, but the archive also contains collections donated by researchers and civilian anti-war demonstrators. The Vietnam Archive places equal importance upon preserving records relating to all aspects of the Vietnam War and wishes to preserve a complete history of the war era. It is currently located in the Southwest Collection/Special Collections Library building at Texas Tech University.
Special Projects
The Virtual Vietnam Archive
The Virtual Vietnam Archive was created in December 2000 through funding provided by the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS) and currently contains over 3.2 million pages of scanned materials. Types of material include documents, photographs, slides, negatives, oral histories, artifacts, moving images, sound recordings, maps, and collection finding aids. All non-copyrighted and digitized materials are available for users to download free of charge. When the Virtual Vietnam Archive project is complete, it will include a record for every item in the Vietnam Archive. A staff of full-time employees and part-time student employees work to digitize the materials and place them onto the Virtual Archive.
Over 1400 of the Vietnam Archive's collections have been partially or completely digitized. Digitized collections include the Pike Collection, Social Movements Collection, Admiral Elmo Zumwalt Collection, the Combined Document Exploitation Center (CDEC) Collection, and the Diaries of Dr. Dang Thuy Tram. Additionally, over 12,000 documents from the US Marine Corps History Division are available in the Virtual Archive. Over 700 Oral Histories are available online, many transcribed, as well as over 100,000 images. New materials are being added daily.
In addition to the Virtual Vietnam Archive search page, which allows users to research across all media types, the Vietnam Archive has also created a search page specifically for their map collection. This page allows for searching by map title, scale, latitude/longitude, and grid zone. There are currently over 1000 maps are available.
The Oral History Project
The Oral History Project of the Vietnam Archive was created in 1999. The history of the wars in Southeast Asia is not complete without the inclusion of the voices of those who were in some way involved. To that end, the mission of the OHP is to create and preserve a more complete record of the wars in Southeast Asia by preserving, through recorded interviews, the recollections and experiences of all who were involved in those wars. Anyone can participate, whether an American veteran, a former ally or enemy of the U.S., an anti-war protester, a government employee, a family member of a veteran, etc. Currently the Oral History Project has conducted interviews with over 700 people. The audio of all of the interviews is available online, and many have been completely transcribed.
The Vietnamese American Heritage Project
The Vietnamese American Heritage Project, created in 2008, supports the Vietnam Archive's mission to document the war from all perspectives by providing documentation of the post-war social and political history of Vietnamese Americans who immigrated to the United States during and after the Vietnam War. A component of the archive, the VAHP is composed of a full-time Vietnamese American Heritage Archivist and one part-time student assistant who collect, preserve, and make accessible to the public materials that document the experiences and contributions of Vietnamese Americans in American society. The VAHP aims to enhance the study of the Vietnamese immigration and resettlement experience by providing reference services to researchers and increasing Vietnamese American participation in the archive's Oral History Project, conducting outreach activities, and developing cooperative relationships with other institutions dedicated to preserving Vietnamese American's rich heritage. The cornerstone of the VAHP is the Vietnam Archives' Families of Vietnamese Political Prisoners Association (FVPPA) Collection. During the 1980s and 1990s, the FVPPA successfully helped over 10,000 former Vietnamese reeducation camp detainees and their families immigrate to the US and other countries through the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugee's (UNHCR) Orderly Departure Program (ODP).
Veterans' Organizations and Associations
The Vietnam Archive is actively striving to preserve the history and documents of the Veterans Associations and Organizations, as well as their members. Vietnam Archive staff travel to numerous reunions each year, and many Associations and their members have donated collections of materials.
All donated materials are digitized and added to the Virtual Vietnam Archive.
Online Exhibits
Online Exhibits are used to highlight Vietnam Archive materials and to celebrate or commemorate events or aspects of the Vietnam War. Recently added exhibits include The Tet Offensive; Saigon: April 30, 1975, and pages celebrating the birthdays of each of the US Military Branches. The Online Exhibit program is ongoing, and new exhibits are added often.
Subject Guides
Staff of the Vietnam Archive have created subject guides on a variety of topics in order to provide researchers with better and more comprehensive access to the materials in the Vietnam Archive's collections. Recently added topics include: The Tet Offensive; April 30, 1975 Saigon; Dustoff / Medevac; and Agent Orange. Subject Guides include links to digital materials, including still images, moving images, documents, maps, and oral histories.
Conferences, Symposia, and Events
The Vietnam Center and Archive maintains an active schedule of events, including a yearly conference or symposium, a guest lecture series, annual film festival, and an annual celebration of the Vietnamese New Year, Tet. Many of these events are free and open to the public.
Conferences and Symposia
Since 1993, the Vietnam Center has hosted at least one conference a year, usually in the spring, with every third year being a larger symposium. The smaller yearly conferences are focused on a single topic, with the topic changing each year, and feature one panel of presentations at a time. Recent topics include: "Lessons Learned, Lessons Lost: Counterinsurgency from Vietnam to Iraq and Afghanistan;" "Laos, Cambodia, Thailand and the Vietnam War;" and "The Impact of Culture, Ethnicity, Race, and Religion in the Vietnam War." The Triennial Symposiums are much larger and have a variety of topics. Any interested person can submit a paper for presentation, and there are often multiple simultaneous presentations. All sessions of the conferences and symposia are filmed, and the videos are placed online for researchers and people who were unable to attend to view.
Guest Lecture Series
In 2011, the Vietnam Center and Archive initiated their first Guest Lecture Series. Speakers for the inaugural season included: Adrian Cronauer, the Former Air Force DJ made famous in the movie "Good Morning Vietnam!" Adrian later served as a Special Assistant to the Director of the Pentagon's POW/MIA Office; Kim Phuc, also known as "the girl in the picture," was photographed running down a road naked and on fire after a napalm strike on their village. Kim now runs a non-profit organization dedicated to healing children in war-torn areas and is a UNSECO Goodwill Ambassador for Peace; LeAnn Thieman, a nurse involved in Operation Babylift, a mission to evacuate Vietnamese babies from South Vietnam as it fell to communist troops in 1975; Dr. Kara Dixon Vuic, a professor at Bridgewater College in Virginia and author of "Officer, Nurse, Woman: The Army Nurse Corps in the Vietnam War;" and Dave Carey, a retired Navy Captain shot down over Vietnam who spent five and a half years as a POW in Hanoi.
The lecture series continues in 2012 with five new speakers, including noted author and veteran of the Vietnam War Dr. Lewis "Bob" Sorley; Chief Executive Officer of the Marine Corps University Foundation Brig. General Tom Draude; PTSD expert, author and veteran of the Vietnam War Dr. Raymond Scurfield; former Air Force Pilot and member of the National Aviation Hall of Fame Dick Rutan; and former running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers and member of the 196th Light Infantry Brigade in Vietnam Rocky Bleier.
Asian Pacific American Heritage Month Film Festival
The Vietnam Center and Archive holds a film festival every month celebrating Asian Pacific American Heritage Month (APAHM). Selected films cover a wide range of topics, and often focus on the Vietnamese American experience. Films in the 2011 festival include Green Dragon; Rashomon; the Toll of the Sea; and Kim's Story. APAHM is May, but the film festival is held in April so that students at Texas Tech may attend before finals and the summer break.
Tet, The Vietnamese New Year
Every year the Vietnam Center hosts a celebration of the Vietnamese New Year, Tet, on the Texas Tech Campus. The festivities include Vietnamese food traditionally served on New Years, and a program about Tet. Recent programs have been put on by members of the TTU Vietnamese Student Association.
Future of the Vietnam Center and Archive
The remembrance of the Vietnam War has expanded at a fast pace at Texas Tech, and the Vietnam Center and Archive are rapidly outgrowing their current spaces and in need of a greatly enlarged new facility. The Texas Tech System Board of Regents has allocated 12 acres of land on the existing Texas Tech campus for this new building, which will enable the gathering of all aspects of the Center and Archive under one roof. As well, the creation of a world-class museum of the Vietnam War will portray the young men and women who served in Vietnam in an honorable and objective way. At the same time, the museum will critically examine all aspects of American policy in Vietnam.
The facility must provide adequate storage and office space for a rapidly expanding archive, oral history project, Virtual Vietnam Archive and Vietnam Center Staff. Also important, the building will provide meeting facilities for Vietnam veteran groups to hold reunion meetings, facilitating Vietnam Center and Archive staff in displaying veteran group-specific artifacts that might not at that time be on display for the general public. Vietnam veterans will have an opportunity to critique the Texas Tech Vietnam War museum, and provide memories and other insights that will help the project staff to gather correct versions of individual stories. The new facility will attract even greater donations of artifacts and documents, making the planning of future space essential. The facility will also have adequate outdoor spaces for static display of major military artifacts, such as aircraft and military equipment.
References
External links
Vietnam Center and Archive website
Texas Tech University
Vietnam War
Organizations based in Lubbock, Texas
Oral history
Milton Edward McManaway (November 15, 1901 – 1946) was an American college football player. They later coached high school football before becoming a successful attorney in Chicago. They also spent time as an insurance agent in Spartanburg, South Carolina.
Early life
McManaway was born on November 15, 1901, in Greenville County, South Carolina, to Reverend John E. and Carrie T. (Freeman) McManaway. They attended public school in Greenville, South Carolina.
Furman
McManaway was a prominent quarterback for Billy Laval's Furman Purple Hurricane of Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina. They were also a star on defense and was noted for their ability to intercept and break up forward passes. They also never had a punt blocked. They were inducted into the Furman Athletic Hall of Fame in 1986.
1920
McManaway was quarterback and Speedy Speer halfback on the 1920 team which suffered its only loss to SIAA champion Georgia. McManaway was elected captain at year's end.
1921
Furman did not lose to an opponent from South Carolina for 3 years from 1919 to 1921, outscoring opponents 485 to 32. "In Captain McManaway, quarter-back, Furman had a man who could run, punt and pass from punt formation as good as the best." They were selected All-Southern by Ed Danforth of the Atlanta Georgian. McManaway was called by Scoop Latimer "one of two best quarterbacks in the South," presumably behind Centre's Bo McMillin.
High school coaching
McManaway's first high school coaching position after Furman was at Batesburg-Leesville (SC) High School. In 1922 they led the Twins to a 6–3–1 record as they fell to Charleston High School in the Lower State Championship, 40–0. Charleston would win the championship over Gaffney.
In 1923 the Twins again went 6–3–1 as they fell to Columbia High School in the Lower State Championship, 14–0. Columbia lost to Thornwell in the championship game. Through 1925 there was only a single classification in South Carolina High School football with Batesburg-Leesville being a much smaller school than Charleston and Columbia, two of the largest cities in the state. Following the 1923–24 school year McManaway left Batesburg-Leesville with a record of 12–6–2.
Legal career and death
McManaway earned law degrees at Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law and the University of Chicago Law School. They worked in the legal department of Montgomery Ward and the Reconstruction Finance Corporation. McManaway died in early 1946 following a sudden illness, at their home in Chicago.
References
External links
1901 births
1946 deaths
American businesspeople in insurance
American football defensive backs
American football quarterbacks
American football punters
Furman Paladins football players
All-Southern college football players
High school football coaches in South Carolina
Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law alumni
University of Chicago Law School alumni
Sportspeople from Greenville, South Carolina
Players of American football from South Carolina
Lawyers from Chicago
20th-century American lawyers
The Share My World Tour was the first headlining concert tour by American recording artist Mary J. Blige. It was launched in support of their multi-platinum third studio album Share My World (1997), and also contained material from their first and second studio albums What's the 411? (1992) and My Life (1994). The eight-month tour began on September 2, 1997 in the United States and continued through May 3, 1998. Concerts were held in North America and Europe.
Opening acts
Usher
Set list
"Announcer"
"Real Love"
"You Remind Me"
"Reminisce"
"Sweet Thing"
"Mary Jane (All Night Long)"
"Love No Limit"
"Summer Madness"
"My Life"
"You Gotta Believe"
"Slow Down"
"Mary's Joint"
"I'm the Only Woman"
"Share My World"
"I'm Goin' Down"
"Thank You Lord"
"I Can Love You"
"Keep Your Head" (Interlude)
"Everything"
"Seven Days"
"Not Gon' Cry"
Encore
"Missing You"
Notes
On select dates, Blige sang "Daydreaming" and "Misty Blue" as part of the encore.
Band
Music Director/Bass: Lanar "Kern" Brantley
Keyboards: Luke Austin
Keyboards: Jeff Motley
Drums: Michael Clemons
Keyboards: Loren Dawson
Intro Announcer: Benny Pough
Background vocals: Dustin Adams, Joya Owens, Chantell Jones, Michelle MatlockAdditional vocals: Cindy Mizelle, Sharon Bryant-Gallwey, Audrey Wheeler, Paulette McWilliams
Tour dates
Notes
The first North American tour is the SummerFest1997 tour dates (except for the ones marked) along with Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, Aaliyah, Dru Hill, and Ginuwine.
All tour dates in 1997 and 1998 may not be listed for North America and Europe.
Live album
A live album entitled The Tour was released on July 28, 1998 by MCA Records, which reached No. 7 on Billboard's Top R&B Albums and No. 21 on Billboard 200 charts. The album was recorded during Blige's Share My World Tour at the Universal Amphitheater in Los Angeles, California.
Track listing
"Intro" – 0:35
"Real Love" – 1:30
"You Remind Me" – 0:37
"Reminisce" – 2:39
"Sweet Thing" – 4:53
"Mary Jane (All Night Long)" – 2:20
"Love No Limit" – 3;16
"Summer Madness" – 1:42 (Interlude)
"My Life" – 2:21
"You Gotta Believe" – 2:27
"Slow Down" – 1:51
"Mary's Joint" – 1:30
"I'm the Only Woman" – 2:04
"Share My World" – 1:59 (Interlude)
"I'm Goin' Down" – 3:16
"Thank You Lord" – 1:18 (Interlude)
"I Can Love You" – 3:44
"Keep Your Head" (Interlude) – 1:10
"Everything" – 6:34
"Seven Days" – 4:24
"Not Gon' Cry" – 5:37
"Missing You" – 6:47
"Daydreaming" – 2:49
"Misty Blue" – 5:08
"A Dream" (Japan Bonus Track)
References
External links
www.mjblige.com
1997 concert tours
1998 concert tours
Mary J. Blige concert tours
Walther Gottlieb Louis Leisler Kiep (5 January 1926 – 9 May 2016) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). They were a member of the Bundestag between 1965 and 1976 and again from 1980 to 1982. After switching to state-level politics, they served as minister of economy (1976–77) and minister of finance (1976–80) in Lower Saxony under Ernst Albrecht. In 1982, Kiep was the leading candidate for the CDU in two successive state elections in Hamburg, losing both to incumbent Klaus von Dohnányi. From 1971 until 1992, they were treasurer of their party at the federal level. In this position, Kiep installed a system of unreported income accounts, leading to the CDU donations scandal in 1999.
Life and family
Coming from a liberal family, Kiep was born on 5 January 1926 in Hamburg to Louis Leisler Kiep, a navy captain and businessman, and Eugenie Maria Anna vom Rath. Kiep's maternal grandfather, Walther vom Rath, had been a member of the Prussian House of Representatives from 1894 to 1898 and later a member of the Prussian House of Lords until 1918. Their middle name "Leisler" came from Jacob Leisler, a German-born colonist and ancestor of Kiep, who participated in early independence movements in New York and was hanged by the English in 1691. Kiep went to school in Hamburg and Istanbul, achieving their Abitur in 1943 before joining the Wehrmacht. On 20 April 1944, Adolf Hitler's birthday, they joined the Nazi Party. In the same year their uncle, Otto Carl Kiep, was executed by the Nazis for their membership in the Kreisau Circle. After the war, they started to study history and economics, but did not graduate.
Before moving into politics, they worked for the Insurance Company of North America from 1948 to 1955. Starting in 1955, they worked for a company called Gradmann und Holler, an insurance broker company for large businesses. Kiep owned 15 percent of the company in 1982. Their involvement with Gradmann und Holler sparked controversy. When Kiep became minister in Lower Saxony in 1976, Volkswagen and other local companies went into business with Gradmann und Holler, creating a possible conflict of interest for the minister. Kiep also served on Volkswagen's board of directors. Kiep denied abusing their power as minister, saying that the deal with Volkswagen had been financially damaging rather than profitable for their company. Due to their successful business ventures, Kiep was considered to be one of the richest politicians in Germany. In an interview, Kiep told Playboy that they could live well just from the interest from theirs savings.
From 1950, Kiep was married to Charlotte Kiep, born 1920, daughter of IG Farben board member and convicted war criminal Fritz ter Meer. They met when Kiep was only thirteen years old. They needed to visit Fritz ter Meer in Landsberg Prison to ask for their daughter's hand in marriage. They had four children together, sons Walther, Michael and daughters Charlotte and Christiane. Their second son, Michael Jürgen, died in 1975, aged 24. The parents started a foundation for young journalists in their name. From a previous marriage of their wife's, Kiep was stepfather to another son, Edmund.
On 30 November 1974, an assassination attempt was made on Kiep, during which a man fired three shots at the door of their sauna, though they remained uninjured. The assassin was never found and leads hinting towards involvement of the Red Army Faction proved inconclusive. As the German magazine Der Spiegel wrote a year later, some party colleagues allegedly considered it possible that Kiep had staged the attack himself.
Political career
Member of parliament
Kiep became a member of the CDU in the fall of 1961, gaining a seat in the county council of Obertaunus in 1963. Following the 1965 federal election, they became a member of the Bundestag, winning a mandate in the Obertaunus constituency. They retained their seat in 1969 and 1972, this time as part of their party's electoral list in Hessen. In 1972, Kiep was one of only a few CDU parliamentarians who voted yes to the Basic Treaty (Grundlagenvertrag) between West and East Germany. Other supporters of Willy Brandt's Ostpolitik were Richard von Weizsäcker, Karl Carstens and Olaf von Wrangel. During the 1972 federal elections, Kiep was named as prospective Federal Minister of Economic Cooperation and Development in the shadow cabinet of Rainer Barzel. They left parliament on 24 February 1976 to join the state government in Lower Saxony. During their tenure as minister, they also held a seat in the Landtag of Lower Saxony from 1978 to 1980. They regained a seat in the Bundestag following the 1980 election, entering through a place on the electoral list for Lower Saxony. In order to concentrate on their role as leading candidate in their home state of Hamburg, they once again left parliament on 26 April 1982.
Minister in Lower Saxony
1976 saw the state government change in the German Bundesland of Lower Saxony, when the coalition government of the SPD and FDP was unable to agree on a successor to minister-president Alfred Kubel. As a consequence, the CDU used renegade votes from the government camp to elect Ernst Albrecht into office. Albrecht called Kiep into their government, as minister of economy and finance. After the CDU minority government was replaced by a coalition with the FDP in January 1977, Kiep left their position in the ministry for economy, but continued to lead the ministry of finance until 1980.
A controversial topic during their tenure as minister was the search for a radioactive waste site in Lower Saxony. In 1975, three locations had been deemed suitable for further investigation: the salt domes Lutterloh, Lichtenhorst and Wahn. Two years later, however, the state government designated the Gorleben salt dome as a single location for the repository and waste disposal center. In 2011, a commission of enquiry of the Bundestag investigated the award procedure. Journal entries of Kiep's had implied that they were the driving force behind the decision to promote Gorleben, putting the idea forward at a meeting with Albrecht and three federal ministers in Hanover on 11 November 1976. Since they had attended a meeting with delegates from the nuclear power industry on the same day, it was speculated that the lobby had exercised influence on Kiep. Appearing before the committee as a witness, Kiep claimed not to remember the events exactly but said that they considered it "unlikely" that they were the one who proposed Gorleben, because they did not have enough expertise in the matter.
Minister-president Albrecht and Kiep were prominent representatives of the liberal wing of the CDU, who aimed to move their party towards support for the Ostpolitik of the SPD/FDP federal government. In 1976, they lobbied for their party's approval of new treaties with Poland, against conservative figures such as Alfred Dregger, Franz Josef Strauß and Hans Filbinger. This was also considered to be part of a plan of CDU chairperson Helmut Kohl to bring the liberal FDP back into a coalition with the Christian Democrats (which was ultimately successful in 1982). That Kiep's work was popular with the FDP was proven in early 1976: the party's Theodor Heuss foundation (de) awarded them with their highest award, which Keip refused in deference to their party affiliation.
In 1978, Kiep served as a special representative for chancellor Helmut Schmidt during a debt crisis in Turkey, mediating between the government of Bülent Ecevit, with whom they developed a friendship, and the International Monetary Fund. Kiep eventually collected 910 million US$ for Turkey from various states.
In the 1980 federal election, Kiep was named as foreign minister in the shadow cabinet of Franz Josef Strauß.
Candidate in Hamburg
In 1982, Kiep served as the leading candidate for the CDU in two separate state elections in their hometown of Hamburg. The first, regular election in June brought a majority of votes for Kiep and heavy losses for the SPD and incumbent First Mayor Klaus von Dohnányi. Since the Green Party gained enough votes to be represented in the Bürgerschaft, the political situation was at a deadlock. After von Dohnányi proved unsuccessful in forming a minority government tolerated by the Greens, new elections were called for December. Kiep was once again the CDU candidate, but in "an election upset", the SPD was able to get enough votes to form a government on their own. This was seen as a sign of support of Hamburg's population for former chancellor Helmut Schmidt (born in Hamburg), who had been replaced in a constructive vote of no confidence by the CDU in October.
Treasurer of the CDU and scandals
Kiep served as federal treasurer of the CDU from 1971 to 1992. During their tenure, the party was involved in several financial scandals. Shortly after taking over, Kiep brought in economist Uwe Lüthje as general agent and public accountant Horst Weyrauch as a financial consultant. Together, the three started an elaborate system aimed at accumulating funding for the party. The Staatsbürgerliche Vereinigung 1954 e.V. (de) was used by major companies to donate money to the CDU anonymously, while the donations were fully tax deductible due to the Vereinigung being considered non-profit. Just in the election year 1972, 30 million Deutsche Mark are said to have been accumulated in this fashion. Over the course of its existence, the Vereinigung gave 214 million Deutsche Marks to political parties between 1969 and 1980. The procedure was made public during the uncovering of the Flick affair in the early 1980s. Kiep was ultimately accused of having amassed 18.5 million Deutsche Marks in illegal donations for the CDU, evading nine million Deutsche Marks in taxes. For their role, they were sentenced to a payment of 675,000 Deutsche Marks in 1991, but the verdict was revoked a year later by the Federal Court of Justice.
In 1995, the public prosecution department of the city of Augsburg obtained the calendars of Karlheinz Schreiber, a German arms dealer. With the help of the documents, the persecutors were able to decipher a code of aliases and money movements, leading to Kiep. On 4 November 1999, the prosecution office issued an arrest warrant against Kiep, charging them with having accepted a payment of one million Deutsche Marks from Schreiber in 1991 without subjecting the money to taxes. After turning themselves in a day later, Kiep declared during their interrogation that they had accepted the money, with Horst Weyrauch present, as a donation for the CDU. This started the CDU donations scandal, in which a system of illegal accounts was uncovered. On 30 November, former chancellor Helmut Kohl took full responsibility for the accounts and later admitted to having personally accepted a total sum of up to two million Deutsche Marks from anonymous sponsors, which were not declared. As a consequence of the illegal proceedings, the CDU was sentenced to a payment of 41 million Deutsche Marks by President of the Bundestag Wolfgang Thierse on 15 February 2000. Kiep was ultimately involved in several lawsuits concerning tax evasion. One was closed in January 2004, after Kiep paid a monetary condition of 75,000 Euro. In another trial in 2001, they were sentenced to pay 45,000 Deutsche Marks. In early 2004, Kiep accepted a sentence of 40,500 Euro for a false statement given at the enquiry commission on the donations scandal.
Death
Kiep died on 9 May 2016, surrounded by their family in their home in Kronberg im Taunus in Hesse, at the age of 90.
Awards and memberships
Awards
1977: Cravat man of the year
1994: Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
1998: Lower Saxony Order of Merit
Memberships
From 1984 to 2000, Kiep was chairperson of the Atlantik-Brücke. From 1994 to 2000 they served as president of the EBS University of Business and Law. They were a member of the International Advisory Boards of Fuji Bank and Columbia University, as well as a member of the board of Volkswagen and Deutsche Bank.
Bibliography
References
External links
Books by and about Walther Leisler Kiep at the German National Library
1926 births
2016 deaths
Members of the Bundestag for Hesse
Members of the Bundestag for Lower Saxony
Members of the Bundestag 1980–1983
Members of the Bundestag 1972–1976
Members of the Bundestag 1969–1972
Members of the Bundestag 1965–1969
Ministers of the Lower Saxony State Government
Politicians from Hamburg
German Lutherans
Members of the Landtag of Lower Saxony
Grand Crosses with Star and Sash of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Nazi Party members
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Democratic Union of Germany
20th-century Lutherans
German military personnel of World War II
Kay O'Brien is an American medical drama television series set at fictional Manhattan General Hospital, which aired for one season on CBS from September 25 to November 13, 1986, during the 1986-87 television season.
Overview
The series stars Patricia Kalember as Dr. Kay "Kayo" O'Brien. CBS had high hopes for this multi-racial medical drama, but it received low ratings and was cancelled after airing just 8 episodes.
Lifetime bought the rights to the entire series, and has occasionally aired all 12 episodes.
Cast
Patricia Kalember as Dr. Kay "Kayo" O'Brien
Brian Benben as Dr. Mark Doyle
Jan Rubeš as Dr. Joseph Wallach
Lane Smith as Dr. Robert Moffit
Priscilla Lopez as Rosa Villanueva, RN
Keone Young as Dr. Michael Kwan
Tony Soper as Dr. Cliff Margolis
Episodes
External links
1980s American drama television series
1986 American television series debuts
1986 American television series endings
CBS original programming
1980s American medical television series
English-language television shows
Television shows set in New York City
Five Deadly Venoms ('五毒' – Cantonese: Ng5 Duk6), also known as Five Venoms, is a cult 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chang Cheh, starring the Venom Mob, with martial arts choreography by Leung Ting, and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, about five kung-fu fighters with unique animal styles: the Centipede, the Snake, the Scorpion, the Lizard, and the Toad (the Five Poisonous Creatures of Chinese folklore, from which the film takes its title). The film is considered one of the most popular martial arts films of its era and was listed at number 11 on Entertainment Weeklys Top 50 Cult Films list.
Plot
The dying master of the powerful Poison Clan dispatches their last pupil, Yang Tieh, on a crucial mission. Worried the skills they taught are being used for evil, they order Yang to trace a retired colleague, Yun, and warn them that the fortune they amassed from the clan's activities is under threat from five of their former pupils, each an expert in their own lethal combat style. Yang must discover the whereabouts and true identities of these masked warriors, and decide which, if any, they can trust to join them in their mission.
The five pupils are the Centipede, Snake, Scorpion, Lizard, and Toad. Centipede and Snake were the master's first and second pupils and knew one another. Lizard and Toad were the fourth and fifth pupils respectively and also knew each other, but Scorpion, the third pupil, was unknown to the other four members. Before they die, the master teaches Yang all the weaknesses of the five styles in order to give them a fighting chance.
The Centipede and the Snake come to the Yun family house to steal money before proceeding to butcher Yun's entire family when they refuse to divulge the location of their fortune. A witness sees the Centipede at the house. Later, the Scorpion investigates the scene and retrieves a hidden map. The Lizard, working as a police officer, recruits the Toad to help arrest the Centipede. After the Centipede is arrested and charged with murder, the Scorpion tells the Snake to frame the Toad for the murders.
The corrupt judge sends the Lizard away on government business while Snake pays off an officer to make the witness commit perjury, telling the judge they actually saw the Toad at the scene of the crime. The Toad refuses to confess, their kung-fu initially rendering them invulnerable to their attempts at torture, even when the Snake tries using a special torture device in order to counteract it. However, when that fails, the unseen Scorpion cripples the Toad by throwing a pair of darts at their weak points located behind their ears. Now vulnerable, the court subjects the Toad to further torture, leading to them passing out, after which their signature is forged on a confession.
With the Centipede acquitted for the murder charges, they go free whilst an officer suffocates the Toad and hangs them in the cell to make it look as if he'd committed suicide. Afterwards, the Centipede and the Snake kill the witness and the corrupt officer in order to tie up any loose ends, but are both seen by two of the other police officers who go to a restaurant and tell the Lizard what happened whilst they were gone. The Lizard's supervisor, Chief Constable Ma, tries to encourage them to forget the issue, but the Lizard refuses. After identifying the Lizard and seeing their righteousness, Yang finally introduces themselves and offers to work together with them to stop the other pupils; though hesitant at first, the Lizard eventually agrees and the pair work on techniques to defeat the others. As Yang and the Lizard prepare to confront the Centipede and the Snake, the Chief Constable arrives seeking to join them.
However, during the fight, they reveal themselves to actually be the Scorpion and admits that they intend to kill everyone and claim the Yun fortune all for themselves before jumping into the battle. The Scorpion manages to fatally injure the Snake and bribes the Centipede into helping him, however, Yang and the Lizard manage to defeat the Centipede while the Snake helps kill the Scorpion before they too die. Once the fighting ends and the dust settles, Yang and the Lizard retrieve the Scorpion's map from their corpse and vow to use the fortune for good and restore the reputation of the Poison Clan.
Cast
Chiang Sheng as Yang Tieh, the last student of the Venom House. Tasked with finding their late master's former students and killing them should they be using their skills for evil. Due to their rushed training caused by the illness of their master, Yang's fighting style is a mixture of the other five but is incomplete as a result. In order to succeed in their mission, they must ally with one of the other students in order to defeat the rest.
Sun Chien as Gao Ji, the Scorpion/Chief Constable Ma. Known as pupil number three, Gao's fighting style revolves around the use of deadly kicks said to be capable of paralyzing (or even killing) a man in one hit; they also possess an incredibly powerful grip and is proficient in the use of hidden throwing darts. He's the third of the students to die.
Kuo Chui as Meng Tianxia, the Lizard/Constable They Yu. Known as pupil number four, Meng's fighting style allows them to defy gravity, allowing them to walk up and even stand on vertical surfaces in order to remain out of their opponent's reach whilst simultaneously attacking them from bizarre angles. Meng eventually joins forces with Yang and thus is the only student of the Venom House to survive.
Lo Mang as Liang Shen, the Toad/Li Hao. Known as pupil number five, Liang's fighting style renders them nigh invulnerable to any kind of external harm while also making them inhumanly strong. However, despite the great power of their technique, Liang has a weak point located behind their ears which, if struck by an opponent, causes them to lose all their strength and become vulnerable. He's the first of the students to die.
Wei Pai as Qi Dong, the Snake/Hong Wentong. Known as pupil number two, Qi apparently had money before they started training and (unlike Gao or their partner, Zhang) actually feels regret for their murders. Their fighting style revolves around their one hand to deliver fast, high precision strikes to an opponent's vitals whilst using their other to redirect oncoming attacks as well as granting them superhuman levels of dexterity and flexibility. However, should they be attacked from two sides at once, he'll be unable to defend themselves effectively. He's the second of the students to die.
Lu Feng as Zhang Yiaotian, the Centipede/Tan Shan-kui. Known as pupil number one, Zhang's fighting style is focuses on unleashing a barrage of incredibly fast attacks, giving theirs blows the power to shatter bones and cause internal bleeding via overwhelming their opponent's with a swarm of rapid-fire punches and kicks. However, if he's attacked from both high and low at once he'll be left defenseless. He's the last of the students to die.
Wang Lung-wei as Justice Wang
Ku Feng as Bookkeeper Yuan
Dick Wei as the dying Head of the Venom House
Styles
Each of the Poison Clan is alternatively referred to as either their Venom Style codename, or as their number in regard to the order of being taught by the master (except Yan, who refers to themselves in one scene as "number 4", although the actor may have misspoke). Among fans, they are known as "Hybrid Venom", as their training contains bits and pieces of each of the other five styles, but is incomplete which is why they align with one of the Venoms in order to stand a chance against any of the others.
Number 1: Centipede - Wriggly and quick, this style is a nice blend of defensive and offensive posturing. The strikes are so fast that it is almost as if they have a hundred arms and legs. The weakness of this style as revealed by Yan Tieh is to attack both the opponent's upper and lower body in a simultaneous assault, since both portions are unable to exert the style's premised speed at the same time with each other.
Number 2: Snake - On one hand, the venomous mouth of the snake, fangs emulated in precise finger strikes designed to hit a target's vulnerable spots with pin-point accuracy; on the other: The rattling tail, uses to parry and knock away the opponent's attacks like a stinging whip. Masters of this particular style are known for their agility, being able to fight extremely well even while lying on their back. The weakness of this style as revealed by Yan Tieh is to stop the "head" and "tail" (the opponent's two arms) from combining, as neither the head nor tail can function well individually. This usually meant pinning the two limbs, at an angle, keeping them as far away from each other as possible.
Number 3: Scorpion - The Scorpion represents a double threat: Kicks from the Scorpion Style are just like the stinging tail of the namesake, when delivered by a master, a single kick can paralyze or even kill. Likewise the arms mimic the strong pincers of the poisonous arachnid, more than capable of crushing and snapping wood in half. Unlike the other five, the weakness of this Scorpion Style isn't clearly revealed as Yan Tieh's cut off during their explanation, but one can assume (by watching the Scorpion in their bout with Yan Tieh and the Lizard) that it's keeping out of reach from the user's damaging kicks and making them come to you. Although never confirmed, it's possible this style also teaches users how to use throwing weapons.
Number 4: Lizard - Placing an emphasis on mobility, users of the Lizard style are known for their ability to walk up and stand on walls, even being able to fight comfortably from such a position; maneuvering from one surface to another so as to avoid enemy assaults whilst also strengthening their own attacks by way of free-falling motion. Although never spoken of during the film, presumably the Lizard Style's weakness involves keeping the practitioner away from any vertical surfaces they could adhere themselves to and forcing them to fight on level ground.
Number 5: Toad - Through use of the Toad Style, a practitioner can make themselves invulnerable to just about any form of damage (such as slashing and piercing-based attacks) which also grants them enough strength to bend solid metal. The weakness of this style is that any master of the Toad Style has a "weak spot" that, when punctured, drains him/her of all the style's benefits; most notably their iron body. During their fight with the Snake, the Toad's points of weakness are shown to be their ears after the Scorpion secretly struck them with their darts. Some thought the only way to discover where a Toad Style user's vulnerable was to put him/her inside an iron maiden, but when the Toad was first placed in the iron maiden they were still impervious to the needles; only after the Scorpion and the Snake exploited the Toad's weak spot was they left defenseless.
Cultural references
The film was referenced extensively in Juuken Sentai Gekiranger, in which they are based directly upon the Five Deadly Venoms, each reflecting the fighting styles in the film. In turn, they were brought into Power Rangers: Jungle Fury as the Five Fingers of Poison.
The final track on 1993 2Pac album Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z... references to the movie.
In Kim's Convenience season 1, episode 7 ("Hapkido"), Mr Chin and Appa test each other's knowledge of kung fu movies. Mr Chin wins by citing Five Deadly Venoms, which Appa doesn't know; Gerald later confirms it as the "best kung fu movie ever".
This film is also referenced frequently in the works of the Wu-Tang Clan. Dialogue from the film is sampled in "Da Mystery Of Chessboxin'" from Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) and "Intro (Shaolin Finger Jab)" from The W. The movie is also sampled in songs appearing on solo albums by Wu-Tang Clan members: "Snakes" from Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version by Ol' Dirty Bastard, and "Born Chamber (Intro)" from No Said Date by Masta Killa. An all-female hip hop group affiliated with the Wu-Tang Clan, formed in 1997, was known as Deadly Venoms (originally called Five Deadly Venoms before the departure of one of the five members).
The 1999 album title and artwork by New York Metalcore act Merauder were inspired by the movie.
In Power Rangers Jungle Fury a group of recurring villains is known as the "Five Fingers of Poison". The elite of Dai Shi's Rinshi, their members consist of Rantipede, Gakko, Toady, Stingerella, and Naja. They transform respectively into a centipede, gecko, toad, scorpion, and cobra.
The 2009 EP Keywords for Robots by the band Wembley begins with a track called "Five Deadly Venoms".
In Quentin Tarantino's Kill Bill, the five assassins of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad are a reference to the Five Deadly Venoms.
In the 2010 film True Legend, the foster brother of Su (The Drunken Master), Yuan, has mastered the 5 Venom Fists. Their dead father was using it to kill innocent people and was killed by Su's father to stop him. In another scene, they show Yuan putting their arms into nests with the five venom-creating creatures, and they inject and give it to them through their skin. They portray it as the source of their Qi.
It is the name of a poison shop in World of Warcraft'''s capital city, Stormwind.
A few scenes use music from the soundtrack of Monty Python and the Holy Grail''.
DVD release
The film received a DVD release by the Weinstein Company's Asian label, Dragon Dynasty, on 18 August 2009.
See also
Venom Mob
References
External links
Venom Lo Mang's first visit to U.S. / Philadelphia, August 2007
HK Cinemagic entry
1978 films
1978 martial arts films
Hong Kong martial arts films
1970s Mandarin-language films
Kung fu films
Shaw Brothers Studio films
Films directed by Chang Cheh
1970s Hong Kong films
Count Karol Lanckoroński () (born 4 November 1848 in Vienna; died 15 July 1933 in Vienna) was a Polish writer, art collector, patron, historian, traveler, and vice-president of the Society for Cultural Protection in their native Galicia. They were one of the wealthiest and most cultivated magnates in Austrian partition of Poland and in the whole of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. They were a member of the Polish Academy of Learning.
Biography
Count Lanckoroński studied art history and law, but because of their family's wealth never had to work for a living. In 1882 they participated with Otto Benndorf in an expedition to Lycia in Turkey. In 1885–86 they organised their own exploratory mission to Pamphylia and Pisidia. Further travels took them to East Asia, where they were accompanied by the painter Hans Makart, as well as Spain and Portugal.
They kept their enormous art collection in their city-palace in Vienna, the Palais Lanckoronski.
They were Grand Steward to the emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria. After World War I, they spent more time at their family estate in Galicia, in newly independent Poland. They became engaged in art conservation.
They were the father of Countess Karolina Lanckorońska, who became a well-known historian and Polish anti-Nazi resistance fighter during the German occupation of Poland.
Coat of Arms
1848 births
1933 deaths
19th-century Austrian writers
20th-century Austrian writers
Polish art collectors
Bibliophiles
Polish book and manuscript collectors
Austrian art collectors
Counts of Poland
Karol
Polish Austro-Hungarians
Writers from Vienna
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Austria
Members of the Polish Academy of Learning
Grand Crosses of the Order of Polonia Restituta
19th-century Polish landowners
20th-century Polish landowners
HUF may refer to:
Places
Terre Haute International Airport (IATA: HUF), in Indiana, United States
People
František Huf (born 1981), Czech bodybuilder
Hans-Christian Huf (born 1956), German historian
Brands and enterprises
Huf Haus GmbH & Co. KG, a German company operating worldwide and based in Hartenfels, Westerwald region, that manufactures prefabricated homes
HUF Worldwide, a skateboarding team and streetwear brand founded by Keith Hufnagel and Anne Freeman
Other uses
Hindu undivided family, a legal term related to the Hindu Marriage Act
Humene language (ISO 639-3 language code), spoken in Papua New Guinea
Hungarian forint (ISO 4217 currency code)
See also
Huff (disambiguation)
Huffington, a surname
Huffy, an American supplier of bicycles
The 2019 Netherlands Women's Quadrangular Series was a Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) cricket tournament that was held in Deventer, Netherlands, from 8 to 14 August 2019. It took place ahead of the 2019 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier tournament in Scotland. The series was contested between the teams of Ireland, the Netherlands, Scotland and Thailand. All the matches took place at the Sportpark Het Schootsveld. Thailand won the series, after winning five of their six matches, with Scotland finishing second.
Summary
The opening round of fixtures saw Ireland beat the Netherlands by 79 runs and Thailand beat Scotland by 74 runs. On the second day, both matches were affected by rain, and were decided by the Duckworth–Lewis–Stern (DLS) method. Scotland beat the Netherlands by five runs, to leave the hosts without a win from their first two matches. Thailand's match against Ireland was initially reduced to 14 overs, before another delay with the bowler's run-up reduced the game to 10 overs per side. Thailand eventually won the match, beating Ireland by four runs. The first Ireland-Scotland encounter saw Scotland win by eleven runs in a close match. It was Scotland's first win against Ireland since 2011. Thailand beat the Netherlands by eight wickets to remain unbeaten in the tournament ahead of the rest day, with the hosts winless from their three matches. Thailand's win was their 17th win in a row, breaking the previous record of 16 consecutive wins in WT20I cricket set by Australia.
The first match after the rest day was between Scotland and Thailand, with Scotland ending Thailand's unbeaten streak. Scotland's captain, Sarah Bryce, scored four runs off the final ball of the match, to beat Thailand by five wickets. In Ireland's match against the Netherlands, Ireland scored 213/4, their highest total in a WT20I match. However, the match ended in a no result, with rain during the Netherlands' run chase. The penultimate round of matches saw Scotland beat the Netherlands by 62 runs, by the DLS method, to win their fourth consecutive match. Thailand beat Ireland by seven wickets, in another rain-affected match. Onnicha Kamchomphu became the first bowler for Thailand to take a hat-trick in a WT20I match, finishing with three wickets for twelve runs from the two overs they bowled. The final day of fixtures started with Ireland beating Scotland by nine wickets, with Gaby Lewis and Kim Garth setting a new record for the highest partnership for any wicket by Ireland in a WT20I match, with an unbeaten 113 runs. The last match of the tournament saw Thailand beat the Netherlands by 93 runs, after the hosts only scored 40 runs in their run chase.
Squads
Points table
Fixtures
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2019 in women's cricket
International cricket competitions in 2019
August 2019 sports events in Europe
International women's cricket competitions in the Netherlands
2019 in Dutch cricket
2019 in Irish cricket
2019 in Scottish cricket
The Wiener Flötenuhr or Viennese Musical Clock is a prize given by the Mozart Society of Vienna (German: Mozartgemeinde Wien) for notable recordings of works by Mozart.
History
The Musical Clock was designed by the sculptor Fritz Tiefenthaler for the first award ceremony in 1969. It is a relief gilt iron plate with a historical music box. The left side reads "Schallplattenpreis Flötenuhr", or "Record prize Musical clock", and the right reads "Mozartgemeinde Wien", or "Mozart Society of Vienna". It was originally presented annually, but for several years has only been presented every second year. The suggestion for the design was made by the then honorary chairperson of the Mozart Society, inspired by Mozart's late compositions for music boxes and mechanical organs (for example, K. 594 and 608). Until 1982, the record company was awarded a replica of the Viennese Musical Clock, while the artist was given a certificate on which was shown the Leipzig musical clock, which was the model for the Viennese version. Since the late 1980s, the tradition of awarding a replica of the clock has been dispensed with for financial reasons. From the 1990s, the artists have been rewarded directly. As part of a long-standing tradition, each prize is presented in a 'winner's concert'. Today, the original Viennese musical clock, along with the archives of the Mozart Society, reside in the Vienna City and State archives.
Recipients of the Wiener Flötenuhr
1970s and 1980s
Source:
Vienna Philharmonic
Camerata Salzburg
Dresdner Staatskapelle
Academy of St Martin in the Fields
London Philharmonic Orchestra
Nikolaus Harnoncourt
Czech Philharmonic
Pavel Štěpán
Karl Böhm
Jana Jonášová
Neville Marriner
Bernhard Klee
Edda Moser
Peter Schreier
Maurizio Pollini
Jörg Demus
Amadeus Quartet
Polish Chamber Orchestra
Alban Berg Quartett
Küchl Quartett
1989–present, new format
Source:
András Schiff, 1989
Roland Batik and the Artis-Quartett, 1991
Thomas Zehetmair, 1992
Ensemble Vienna, 1993
Wolfgang Schulz and Hansjörg Schellenberger, 1995
Alban Berg Quartet, 1996
Ruth Ziesak, 1997
Bo Skovhus, 1998
Margarethe Babinsky, 1999
Anton Scharinger, 2001
Edith Lienbacher, 2003
Barbara Moser / Joanna Madroszkiewicz, 2005
Haydn Trio Eisenstadt, 2007
Bertrand de Billy, 2009
Michael Schade, 2011
Wiener Sängerknaben, 2013
Luca Pisaroni, 2015
Kristian Bezuidenhout, 2019
References
External links
Mozartgemeinde Vienna website
Austrian music awards
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Awards established in 1969
1969 establishments in Austria
Clocks
Music in Vienna
Songs for the Last View is the eighth album by Lacrimas Profundere, which was released on 27 June 2008 in mainland Europe, with a US/Canada release on 15 July.
Track listing
All Songs Written and Arranged By Lacrimas Profundere
Bonus Limited Edition Digipack Tracks
<li>"Burn"
<li>"The Beauty of Who You Are"
<li>"The Shadow I Once Kissed (2nd Version)"
<li>"Sweet Letter C"
Bonus DVD
Bonus DVD Includes
Live Footage:
"Intro" - :59
"My Velvet Little Darkness" - 3:17
"Again It's Over" - 3:29
"Sweet Caroline" - 3:04
"Amber Girl" - 3:11
"My Mescaline" - 4:55
"For Bad Times" - 4:05
"Should" - 3:54
"To Love Here on Knees" - 3:02
"Sarah Lou" - 4:09
"One Hopes Evening" - 3:55
"Ave End" - 5:07
Also Included:
"A Pearl" Music Video - 3:11
Trailer Songs For The Last View - 1:36
Making of "A Pearl" - 4:12
Tour Movie - 14:12
A special pre-order edition of the album is available through the band's website. This includes a DVD and four bonus songs.
"A Pearl" was the first single from the album and was released as a download on 27 June 2008. It also featured a non-album song called The Love That Doesn't Care. A video was released for A Pearl.
A special downloadable piano version of "Sarah Lou" was given out to pre-orders from Amazon and EMP.
Singles
A Pearl
"A Pearl" (Album Version) - 03:00
"A Love That Doesn't Care" (Non-Album Track) - 03:47
And God's Ocean
"And God's Ocean" (Single Version) - 03:47
"Sacrificial Lamb" (Acoustic Sad Version) - 04:31
Outtakes
Not appear in any Version of the album or singles
"Adorer and Somebody" (Acoustic Version) - 3:32
"Sarah Lou" (Piano Version)* - 4:11
Only Sarah Lou is available for the Pre-order edition of Songs For The Last View
Personnel
Rob Vitacca: Vocals
Oliver Nicholas Schmid: Guitars
Tony Berger: Guitars
Christian Steiner: Keyboards, Synthesizers
Daniel Lechner: Bass
Willi Wurm: Drums, Percussion
Christopher Schmid: Backing vocals
Production
Recorded, Produced, Engineered and Mixed By John Fryer
Mastered By Roger Lian
External links
"Songs For The Last View" at discogs
Lacrimas Profundere albums
Napalm Records albums
2008 albums
Albums produced by John Fryer (producer)
Richard Jarman (born 1807, London, England – died 1877, Hobart, Tasmania, Australia) was an artist, map-maker, and engraver who was active in London prior to 1857 and in Tasmania between 1857 and the 1870s.
Career in England
Jarman was born in 1807 in Whitechapel, in London's East End, the son of Robert Jarman, a carpenter, and Amelia Dede. They married Ann Bouchier (or Busher) in 1830. By the 1850s, Jarman had become a successful London map-maker and engraver working from premises in St. Bartholomew's Close in the City of London. Their most significant work during this time was The Collins' Illustrated Atlas of London published in 1854 and described by Prof. H. J. Dyos in their introduction to the 1973 re-publication as the first pocket city map of London. Another surviving map drawn by Jarman is Reynolds Map of Modern London published in 1857.
Career in Tasmania
In 1857, they emigrated to Tasmania with their wife and children. There, they drew one of the earliest maps of Hobart Town and became known for their engraved views of Hobart, the original coat of arms of the city, and Crown seals and bank cheques for the Post Office. They also made plates for commercial advertisements. In 1866 Jarman won a special award at the Melbourne Inter-Colonial Exhibition for their copper-plate and steel engravings.
For most of their years in Tasmania they worked from their premises at 46 Murray Street, Hobart. However, by the time of their death on 12 May 1877 they had moved to Forest Road, Hobart.
Family
Their sons, Owen, Alfred and Edwin, followed them into map-making and engraving. Owen Jarman was in business as a commercial engraver in Launceston, Tasmania in the 1890s. Alfred Jarman moved to Christchurch, New Zealand and became a map draughtsman and surveyor in the New Zealand Lands Department. Edwin Jarman, who had not emigrated to Tasmania with their father, left England for Cape Town, South Africa in 1861 where they established themselves as an engraver.
References
External links
Prints and Printmaking Australia - Richard Jarman entry
Dictionary of Australian Artists Online - Richard Jarman entry
1807 births
1877 deaths
Artists from London
Artists from Tasmania
English emigrants to colonial Australia
English engravers
USS Torch was a schooner—heavily armed with guns and carronades—in the United States Navy during the early years of the republic. They were built for service in the War of 1812, but did not see service until the Barbary Wars when they were sent with the American fleet to the Mediterranean to force an end to piracy of American ships.
Purchased for the War of 1812
Torch—a privateer schooner purchased at Baltimore, Maryland, in 1814 and initially commanded by Lt. Wolcott Chauncey—formed part of the "flying squadron" slated to cruise the West Indies to wage war on British commerce towards the end of the War of 1812. However, the ratification of the Treaty of Ghent on 18 February 1815 terminated hostilities before the squadron, then forming at New York City, could get to sea to undertake wartime operations.
Assigned to the Barbary Wars
The kidnapping and piratical activities of the Algerians soon dispelled the hard-won peace which had so recently come to the United States. Only five days after hostilities with Great Britain ceased, the United States declared war on Algeria. Subsequently, a squadron under the command of Capt. Stephen Decatur, in Guerriere, set sail from New York City on 20 May, bound for the Mediterranean.
On 19 June, the Americans made landfall off Cape Gata, Spain, and soon sighted Mashouda, the frigate flying the flag of Algerian Admiral Rais Hammida. Giving chase, the Yankee squadron heavily damaged the enemy ship—decapitating Hammida with a 32-pounder shot in the process—and forced them to surrender.
The remainder of the squadron set out in search of other Algerian vessels while Mashouda was sent to Cartagena, Spain under guard of Macedonian. Off Cape Palos, Spain, this remainder spotted 22-gun brig Estido and bent on sail to make contact. The wily enemy, however, ran into shoal waters where the heavier American frigates feared to go for danger of running aground.
Torch, whose shallower draft permitted them to give chase, joined Epervier, Spitfire, and Spark in forcing Estido aground. The Americans took possession of the enemy brig and 83 prisoners.
The successful conclusion of the campaign to force the Algerians to abandon their piratical ways followed thereafter.
Torch subsequently returned home to the United States and was sold on 3 April 1816.
References
War of 1812 ships of the United States
Barbary Wars American ships
Schooners of the United States Navy
1814 ships
Malcoci is a village in Ialoveni District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
Klaus Wagner (March 31, 1910 – February 6, 2000) was a German mathematician known for their contributions to graph theory.
Education and career
Wagner studied topology at the University of Cologne under the supervision of who had been a student of Issai Schur. Wagner received their Ph.D. in 1937, with a dissertation concerning the Jordan curve theorem and four color theorems, and taught at Cologne for many years himself. In 1970, they moved to the University of Duisburg, where they remained until their retirement in 1978.
Graph minors
Wagner is known for their contributions to graph theory and particularly the theory of graph minors, graphs that can be formed from a larger graph by contracting and removing edges.
Wagner's theorem characterizes the planar graphs as exactly those graphs that do not have as a minor either a complete graph K5 on five vertices or a complete bipartite graph K3,3 with three vertices on each side of its bipartition. That is, these two graphs are the only minor-minimal non-planar graphs. It is closely related to, but should be distinguished from, Kuratowski's theorem, which states that the planar graphs are exactly those graphs that do not contain as a subgraph a subdivision of K5 or K3,3.
Another result of his, also known as Wagner's theorem, is that a four-connected graph is planar if and only if it has no K5 minor. This implies a characterization of the graphs with no K5 minor as being constructed from planar graphs and Wagner graph (an eight-vertex Möbius ladder) by clique-sums, operations that glue together subgraphs at cliques of up to three vertices and then possibly remove edges from those cliques. This characterization was used by Wagner to show that the case k = 5 of the Hadwiger conjecture on the chromatic number of Kk-minor-free graphs is equivalent to the four color theorem. Analogous characterizations of other families of graphs in terms of the summands of their clique-sum decompositions have since become standard in graph minor theory.
Wagner conjectured in the 1930s (although this conjecture was not published until later) that in any infinite set of graphs, one graph is isomorphic to a minor of another. The truth of this conjecture implies that any family of graphs closed under the operation of taking minors (as planar graphs are) can automatically be characterized by finitely many forbidden minors analogously to Wagner's theorem characterizing the planar graphs. Neil Robertson and Paul Seymour finally published a proof of Wagner's conjecture in 2004 and it is now known as the Robertson–Seymour theorem.
Recognition
Wagner was honored in 1990 by a festschrift on graph theory, and in June 2000, following Wagner's death, the University of Cologne hosted a Festkolloquium in their memory.
Selected publications
.
References
1910 births
2000 deaths
20th-century German mathematicians
Topologists
Graph theorists
Diarmuid McCarthy (1956 – 9 July 2022) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played at club level with Naomh Abán and Muskerry and at inter-county level with the Cork senior football team. They usually lined out as a forward.
Career
McCarthy first played Gaelic football at juvenile and underage levels with Naomh Abán. They were just 17-years-old when they were part of the club's adult team that won the Cork JFC title in 1973 before later winning a Cork IFC title in 1977. Their performances at club level also earned inclusion on the Muskerry divisional team.
McCarthy first appeared on the inter-county scene during a two-year tenure with the Cork minor football team. They were at centre-forward when Cork beat Mayo in the 1974 All-Ireland minor final. They also spent two years with the Cork under-21 team. McCarthy made their senior team debut during the 1982 Munster SFC. They were an unused substitute for Cork's defeat of Kerry in the 1983 Munster final. McCarthy ended their inter-county career as captain of the Cork junior football team that beat Warwickshire in the 1989 All-Ireland junior final.
Death
McCarthy died after a long illness on 9 July 2022, aged 66.
Honours
Naomh Abán
Cork Intermediate Football Championship: 1977
Cork Junior Football Championship: 1973
Mid Cork Junior A Football Championship: 1973, 1988
Mid Cork Under-21 football Championship: 1973
Cork
Munster Senior Football Championship: 1983
All-Ireland Junior Football Championship: 1989 (c)
Munster Junior Football Championship: 1989 (c)
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship: 1974
Munster Minor Football Championship: 1973, 1974
References
1956 births
2022 deaths
Naomh Abán Gaelic footballers
Muskerry Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
The Black Star () is a 1922 German silent film directed by James Bauer and starring Hans Mierendorff and Werner Funck.
Cast
References
Bibliography
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by James Bauer
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
Films based on Norwegian novels
The Sunraysia is an illdefined district, sometimes incorrectly referred to as an economic region, located in northwestern Victoria and southwestern New South Wales in Australia. The region is renowned for its sunshine, intensive horticulture including grapes and oranges, and grain farms. Its main centre is Mildura, Victoria.
Etymology
The name Sunraysia derives from a contest that entrepreneur Jack De Garis held in 1919, as part of a promotion on behalf of the Australian Dried Fruits Association. The public were invited to submit a name to describe the dried fruits grown in the Mildura area. The winning name was Sun-Raysed, which was modified as Sunraysia to describe the district as a whole. In 1920, De Garis started a newspaper in Mildura called the Sunraysia Daily, helping to establish the name.
The area of Victoria to the west of Sunraysia is known as Millewa, the main distinction being that Sunraysia is the irrigated area and Millewa is the dryland cropping area.
Pest Free Area
The Greater Sunraysia district forms part of the Fruit Fly Free Exclusion Zone, a Pest Free Area (PFA) that was created in 2007 located between north-west Victoria and south-west New South Wales. It is renowned for the production of high value horticultural crops including citrus, table grapes and stone fruit. The PFA is aligned to this production area to provide greater fruit fly control measures. The Victorian Department of Environment and Primary Industries (DEPI) and New South Wales Department of Primary Industries (DPI) have implemented stringent legislative controls on the movement of host fruit and vegetables into the PFA to keep it free from the Queensland fruit fly (QFF) and maintain high value markets, which are worth millions of dollars to local industries. The PFA enables commercial horticultural products to be marketed without postharvest chemical treatments for QFF. The PFA follows the course of the Murray River from Kerang to and the Darling River from Wentworth to Pooncarie.
Sunraysia is mostly contained in the Murray Darling wine region.
Major centres and towns
In addition to Mildura, the other major centres and towns in the district are Merbein (Vic), Red Cliffs (Vic), Irymple (Vic), Wentworth (NSW) and Robinvale (Vic).
Education facilities
The Sunraysia Institute of TAFE and the Sunraysia campus of the La Trobe University, are located on Benetook Ave between 11th and 14th Streets.
Media
The main newspaper that services the region is the Sunraysia Daily, and is published on Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday. Sunraysia is also serviced by two free papers; the Sunraysia Life and the Mildura Weekly both published on Fridays. The Mildura Independent was another free weekly, published from 1982 to 2007. My Mildura is a free monthly magazine. There are also a number of paid weeklies covering smaller areas within Sunraysia.
Local radio stations include ABC Local Radio, RIVER1467 (1467AM 3ML), 97.9 3MA FM, 99.5-Star FM, and Hot FM.
Localised television stations in Sunraysia include a local relay of the ABC's Melbourne television station, WIN Television Mildura, PTV (a Seven Network O&O) and MDV (a Network 10 affiliate owned by Seven and WIN).
Gallery
See also
Geography of Victoria
Mallee
Millewa
Regions of Victoria
Regions of New South Wales
Riverina
Notes
References
Regions of New South Wales
Regions of Victoria (Australia)
Mildura
Murray-Darling basin
Stark County is in Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 5,994. Its county seat is Toulon.
Stark County is part of the Peoria, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Stark County was formed in 1839 out of Knox and Putnam counties. It was named for General Colonel John Stark (August 28, 1728 – May 8, 1822), who served in the American Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. They became widely known as the "Hero of Bennington" for their exemplary service at the Battle of Bennington in 1777.
In the latter part of April, 1829 a solitary, heavily laden wagon was wending its way from the hospitable home of Mr. French, at Prince's Grove, about a half mile north-west of the present town of Princeville, towards Spoon River, probably crossing that stream at a point since known as Boardman's Ford, or, as others think, near the seat of Cox's Mill, and moving on towards section fifteen in what has since been known as Essex Township.
The weather was warm and balmy considering the season. The prairie burnt over by the Indians in the fall was already green with sprouting grass. Accompanying this vehicle were as it might seem a guard of good men, and true; "neighbors" they called themselves, although they must have lived many miles apart, some of them thirty or forty from the scene of their present friendly labors, having come from LaSalle Prairie, from Chillicothe and Peoria. They were neither hunters nor warriors, they feared no enemy, and sought not the "spoils of war".
It was a peaceable expedition and its leader was the occupant of the wagon, Isaac B. Essex, then in the strength of their manhood, and with them came their young wife and infant child to found a home in the wilderness. The "neighbors" were Daniel Prince, Stephen French, Simon Reed, Frank Thomas and two Baptist ministers, Elders Silliman and Allen. The former of these two was the father of the much respected Toulon townsman Minott Silliman, the first treasurer of Stark county. And these men had come so far to raise a cabin!
Mr. Essex had been out and made a claim in 1828, and in the fall of that year cut the logs and split the clap-boards for their house, probably all of which were on the northeast quarter of section fifteen. They now proceeded to haul them together and get them in shape on the proposed building site. They all camped in the woods the first night, but towards sundown of the second day, the cabin was raised, the roof on, and as Mr. Essex graphically said "we cut a log out and moved in."
This was emphatically the first pioneer cabin, the first home of non-Native American settlers within the present limits of Stark County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Toulon have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1999 and a record high of was recorded in July 1983. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Major highways
Illinois Route 17
Illinois Route 91
Illinois Route 40
Illinois Route 93
Illinois Route 78
Adjacent counties
Henry County (northwest)
Bureau County (north)
Marshall County (east)
Peoria County (south)
Knox County (west)
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, there were 5,994 people, 2,425 households, and 1,673 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 2,674 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.7% white, 0.5% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 33.5% were German, 15.5% were Irish, 13.8% were English, 10.8% were American, and 9.8% were Swedish.
Of the 2,425 households, 28.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.0% were non-families, and 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.93. The median age was 43.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $49,195 and the median income for a family was $62,681. Males had a median income of $44,931 versus $29,621 for females. The per capita income for the county was $25,311. About 7.6% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.0% of those under age 18 and 4.8% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Toulon
Wyoming
Villages
Bradford
La Fayette
Unincorporated communities
Castleton
Duncan
Elmira
Lombardville
Modena
Morse
Speer
Stark
Townships
Stark County is divided into these townships:
Elmira
Essex
Goshen
Osceola
Penn
Toulon
Valley
West Jersey
Politics
Since the American Civil War, Stark County has been heavily Republican, like most of Yankee-influenced Northern Illinois. The only Democratic presidential nominee to carry Stark County in the past 150 years has been Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932, although Bob Dole won by just sixteen votes against Bill Clinton in 1996, and Progressive Theodore Roosevelt won the county in 1912 when the Republican Party was mortally divided between Roosevelt and conservative incumbent William Howard Taft.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stark County
References
External links
Stark County Website
The Stark County News
Wyoming IL Chamber of Commerce
Wyoming IL Lions Club
Tanners Orchard
Illinois counties
1839 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
Peoria metropolitan area, Illinois
Allamakee County () is the northeasternmost county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,061. Its county seat is Waukon.
History
Allamakee County was formed on February 20, 1847. The derivation of the name is debated, some believing it was the name of an Indian chief, others think it was named for Allen Magee, an early historic trader. The first Allamakee County Courthouse in Waukon, built in 1861, now serves as the Allamakee County Historical Museum. The present Allamakee County Court House was built in 1940. Both courthouse buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.0%) is water.
In the northern part of the county is the Upper Iowa River. In the southern part is the Yellow River. The eastern boundary is the Mississippi River. All offer scenic and recreational opportunities, particularly in Yellow River State Forest.
French Creek flows north of Waukon, outside the city limits. Paint Creek, named after Paint Rock Bluff, flows out of the south of Waukon. Norfolk creek originates in the western outskirts of Waukon and is effluent to the Yellow River. Clear Creek flows into Lansing. Village Creek flows through essentially rural terrain. All are tributary to the Mississippi River.
The landforms encountered in the county are very unlike those found in most of Iowa, which is mostly absent Glacial Drift. As part of the Driftless Area, the county was ice free during the last ice age, and as one progresses to the Mississippi River, the streams and rivers display high-walled canyons carved of Silurian period bedrock. This Driftless Area also includes parts of Clayton, Fayette, Winneshiek, Howard, Dubuque, and Jackson Counties.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
U.S. Highway 52
Iowa Highway 9
Iowa Highway 26
Iowa Highway 51
Iowa Highway 76
Adjacent counties
Houston County, Minnesota (north)
Vernon County, Wisconsin (northeast)
Crawford County, Wisconsin (east)
Clayton County (south)
Winneshiek County (west)
Fayette County (southwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 14,061 in the county, with a population density of . 96.88% of the population reported being of one race. 81.08% were non-Hispanic White, 1.10% were Black, 8.68% were Hispanic, 0.65% were Native American, 0.29% were Asian, 0.04% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 8.17% were some other race or more than one race. There were 7,668 housing units of which 5,797 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 14,330 in the county, with a population density of . There were 7,617 housing units, of which 5,845 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 14,675 people, 5,722 households, and 3,931 families residing in the county. The population density was 23 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 7,142 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.88% White, 0.14% Black or African American, 0.18% Native American, 0.27% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 2.82% from other races, and 0.70% from two or more races. 3.54% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,722 households, out of which 30.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.40% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.30% were non-families. 27.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 25.60% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 18.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 100.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,967, and the median income for a family was $40,589. Males had a median income of $26,122 versus $19,098 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,599. About 6.40% of families and 9.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.80% of those under age 18 and 8.10% of those age 65 or over.
Notable sites
Effigy Mounds National Monument is found in the southeast corner of the county.
Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge encompasses the River.
Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge, a collection of small, non-contiguous parcels harboring two endangered species.
Yellow River State Forest is a four-season state park.
Media
The Waukon Standard
The Postville Herald-Leader
Communities
Cities
Harpers Ferry
Lansing
New Albin
Postville (part)
Waterville
Waukon
Townships
Allamakee County is divided into eighteen townships:
Center
Fairview
Franklin
French Creek
Hanover
Iowa
Jefferson
Lafayette
Lansing
Linton
Ludlow
Makee
Paint Creek
Post
Taylor
Union City
Union Prairie
Waterloo
Unincorporated communities
Church
Dorchester
Ludlow
Lycurgus
Rossville
Volney
Ghost towns
Columbus
Hardin
Ion
Myron
Village Creek
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Allamakee County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
Cota Creek
Duck Lake (Iowa)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Allamakee County, Iowa
Allamakee County Court House
The former Allamakee County Courthouse, now a museum
References
Further reading
()
()
External links
Allamakee County Information
Allamakee County Official Site
Allamakee County Map
Allamakee County Health and Demographic Data
Waukon Standard (Newspaper)
KNEI/KHPP Radio
Allamakee County History Website
1847 establishments in Iowa
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
Driftless Area
Iowa counties on the Mississippi River
Populated places established in 1847
Tre-Castell is a hamlet in the community of Biwmares, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 130.4 miles (209.9 km) from Cardiff and 207.2 miles (333.4 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Uriah Forrest (1756 – July 6, 1805) was an American statesman and military leader from Maryland. Forrest was born in St. Mary's County in the Province of Maryland, near Leonardtown. In their early childhood, they received only limited schooling. Born into a family with three other brothers, they were the direct descendant of a person who came to Jamestown, Virginia, in 1608.
Revolutionary War
They served in varying roles within the Maryland Line. From January 14, 1776, until July 1776 they served as a 1st lieutenant in John Gunby's Independent Maryland Company. When this ended, they became a captain in the 3rd Battalion of the Maryland Flying Camp, until December 1776 when they were promoted to major and transferred to the 3rd Maryland Regiment. As a result of the change of military positions, they did not fight at the Battle of Brooklyn, unlike the 1st Maryland Regiment commanded by William Smallwood ("Smallwood's Battalion") and other military units, which fought under the command of General George Washington. By April 1777, their unit changed yet again when they were promoted to lieutenant colonel, and they served in "Smallwood's Battalion" until August 1779. They were injured at the Battle of Germantown where they lost a limb.
In August 1779, they left Smallwood's unit and served as a Lieutenant Colonel as part of the 7th Maryland Regiment. They retained that position until February 23, 1781, when they resigned.
During their military service, they fought to defend St. George's Island, in Saint Mary's County, in July 1776 and at other major battles throughout the war, such as the Battle of Brandywine. They served in varied regiments before they resigned as Auditor General within the Continental Army on February 19, 1781.
State politics
In 1780, a bill was passed by both houses of the Maryland General Assembly concerning the confiscation of Loyalist property in the state. Forrest was one of the three commissioners, the others being William Paca and Clement Hollyday, to confiscate holdings of such property, which was later apportioned out and sold to certain individuals. They were qualified for that position in February 1781 and resigned by July.
After the war, they traveled to London from St. Mary's County and stayed until 1786, when they returned to Georgetown. They returned to Maryland in 1783 to establish a tobacco export business in Georgetown, with business partners Benjamin Stoddert and John Murdock and then returned to London. They were the "resident partner of Forrest, Stoddert & Murdock"
In 1784, Forrest was admitted as an original member of The Society of the Cincinnati of Maryland. When they learned of its founding, they said:
I cannot express my feelings on reading today, for the first Time, the constitution of the Society of the Cincinnati... though, separated by an Ocean of 3000 Miles, and a slave to Business; there is not one among you, who feel more Affection, for that brave handful, who persevered to the last, than I do.
Forrest was elected to the Maryland State House of Delegates in numerous terms and served from 1781 to 1783, 1786 to 1787, and 1787 to 1790, as a member of the Maryland State Senate from 1796 to 1800, and a State Court Judge from 1799 to 1800.
They represented St. Mary's County in most of the 1780s and then Montgomery County and in the Maryland Senate represented the Western Shore of Maryland.
They also served as churchwarden of St. Andrew's Parish within St. Mary's County (1782-1783), justice in Montgomery County (1799-1800). They owned five black slaves in 1790, which had increased to nine by 1801. In 1800, they had a bounty land warrant for their military service. However, they never occupied the land, which remained vacant.
Federal politics
Forrest was also active in politics by representing Maryland as a delegate to the Continental Congress in 1787. Thomas Jefferson would tell them in a letter from Paris on December 31 that they admired the framers of the Constitution but also was concerned about them sowing the "seeds of danger" by thinking that rulers after them would be "as honest as themselves."
Forrest would be nominated to be a US senator the following year. All of the people nominated would be Federalists, as they are, they lost to Charles Carroll in the second and third ballot voting by a few votes.
In 1792, they ran for US House of Representations within the third district of Maryland as a "Pro-Administration candidate." The Federalist won against the Anti-Federalist William Dorsey, by 669 votes, with most of their votes coming from individuals within Montgomery County, Maryland, and almost 100 more from Frederick County, Maryland, counties that made up parts of the Third District. They would serve as a representative from March 1793 to November 1794, when they resigned. During their time in office, they missed 79.6% of the roll call votes, which is "much worse than the median of 13.0% among the lifetime records of representatives serving in Jun 1794."
They stayed a "friend and host to George Washington," cementing their role in the Federalist Party and national politics. However, they still hosted Thomas Jefferson, later a Democratic-Republican, for a dinner in 1790 on their trip to see "the Little Falls of the Potomac River."
In 1795, Forrest was commissioned a brigadier general of Maryland Militia's Fourth Brigade in 1795 and major general of the Maryland Militia's First Division from 1795 to 1801. That failed to end their involvement in national politics. In December 1797, they wrote to James McHenry and remarked on their successful efforts to get James Lloyd elected to the US Senate, which filled a vacancy that had been left by John Henry's resignation.
Involvement in founding of Washington, DC
On October 13, 1790, they would be one of the "original proprietors" of land that was taken for the Washington City. Taking the suggestions of leading Georgetown merchants, suggesting that the "proposed Federal City be on the land opposite Georgetown across Rock Creek" since Georgetown was already a port. Forrest, would sign a document saying the following:
We the subscribers, do hereby agree... to sell and make over by sufficient Deeds, in any manner which shall be directed by General Washington, or any person acting under him, and on such terms as they shall determine to be reasonable and just; and of the Lands which we possess in the vicinity of Georgetown, for the uses of the Federal City, provided the same shall be erected in the said vicinity.
As the historical writer Bob Arnebeck wrote, Forrest would be a major landholder who would buy up land in the area, which would be sold to another speculator, James Greenleaf, and ultimately the federal government. All of the speculators, including Benjamin Stoddert, Robert Morris, and John Nicholson, would make out handsomely from that agreement, with some conspiring with Forrest against other landholders. Ultimately, 15 landowners would negotiate with Washington to "give the government land for the creation of a new federal capital, Washington," and in 1792, Forrest and James Williams would buy land that would become the National Mall from the State of Maryland and then sell it to the federal government.
Later, in 1791, Forrest would serve as mayor of the Town of George, now Georgetown, when George Washington met with local landowners at their home to negotiate purchase of the land needed to build the new capital city. The meeting, on March 29, would be attended by landowners of Georgetown, Carollsburg, and others like Washington, agreeing to sell "half of their land within the newly designated 10-mile-square Federal District thus creating a new capital city for the United States of America," and Pierre L'Enfant later laid out the plan for Washington City.
In 1796, Ninian Beall would sell a "bluff overlooking the new capital to one Peter Casanave," who would sell it in two months to Uriah Forrest, "who sold it the next year to Isaac Pollock." The latter would then "traded it to the over-leveraged Samuel Jackson," and then Joseph Nourse, Register of the US Treasury under six presidential administrations would repurpose the "modest dwelling as one of two symmetrical wings on a new Federal Palladian mansion, which they called Bellevue." Also, Forrest would be instrumental in incorporation of "the Georgetown Bridge Company, the Bank of Columbia, and the Georgetown Mutual Insurance Company."
Personal life
On October 11, 1789, at 43, Forrest married Rebecca Plater, of a well-off family deeply involved in State politics, who was born at Sotterley Plantation. They would have seven children.
Later life
By 1790, the Forrest family was living next to Benjamin Stoddert, a friend of Forrest, a fellow business partner and Southern Marylander.
In 1794 Forrest would build a home near Washington, DC, called Rosedale. It would be closely resembling the architectural style of Mount Vernon, surrounded by stone buildings that had been constructed in the 1740s.
The large-frame house would be located in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, DC. In later years, it would be considered "to be the oldest home in Washington". The home would become for the Forrest family a respite for Rebecca and their children "from the bustling port city life of Georgetown" and remove them from "impending war." Throughout the years, the house and its grounds would serve as a "center for political discussions and social entertaining" with the hosting of "a large dinner party for President John Adams" in 1800. Overall, Forrest would exchange numerous letters to Washington, Jefferson, Adams, Benjamin Franklin, and Alexander Hamilton between 1780 and 1804.
In 1796, Forrest would mortgage "Rosedale" to obtain loans from the state of Maryland to boost the district's economy, but by 1802, they would be led into bankruptcy, with Philip Barton Key, their brother-in-law, accepting the mortgage. Key then granted Forrest lifetime use of the property. Forrest also served in a local governmental position in their late life. From 1800 until their death in 1805, they would serve as the clerk of the District of Columbia's circuit court.
Forrest died on July 6, 1805, in the parlor of the Rosedale's farmhouse and was buried in the Presbyterian Burying Ground in Washington, DC. Their remains were later disinterred, and they were reburied at Oak Hill Cemetery.
At the time of their death, Forrest owned, as noted by now-retired State Archivist for the Maryland State Archives, Edward C. Papenfuse, about "1,680 acres in Allegany, St. Mary's, and Montgomery counties, and the District of Columbia, plus ca. 150 lots in the District of Columbia."
Legacy
Their estate was "still plagued with debt" after their death and was almost lost "to debts and litigation" but kept in the family for many years to come.
Before their death on September 5, 1843, at "Rosedale," Rebecca would file for a widow's pension from the federal government for their husband's military service. In their September 1838 filing, they would be described as a resident of Georgetown who married Forrest in 1789 and it says that they had fought in the Battle of Brandywine. Apart from the pension money granted to Rebecca, $600 per year, their descendants many years later would pursue the same records and wanted to know about Forrest's military career. The pension papers of Rebeca would later become the "Rebecca Forrest (the widow of Uriah Forrest) Papers, 1838-1843," held at the Historical Society of Washington D.C.
In the early 19th century, their home overlooking the Potomac River, in which Forrest lived approximately from 1790 to 1794 would become the home of William Marbury, who is known by the Marbury v. Madison Supreme Court case. In December 1992, it would become the Embassy of Ukraine, in Washington, DC.
Later, their granddaughter, Alice Green, also lived at Rosedale. They would marry Don Angel Maria de Iturbide y Huarte, an "exiled prince of the Mexican imperial line and a student at Georgetown University," and have a son named Don Agustín, Prince of Iturbide, the heir of Emperor Maximilian I of Mexic and prince of the First and Second Mexican Empires, making Forrest their great-grandfather. Their estate would become the Rosedale Conservancy.
Recently, proponents of District of Columbia voting rights have cited Forrest's representation of Maryland in the US House of Representatives because they lived within the borders of Washington, DC.
In 2010, C.M. Mayo would write a novel of historical fiction, The Last Prince of the Mexican Empire, which was based upon the "true story of half-American toddler Agustín de Iturbide y Green, a great-grandson of Maryland's former governor George Plater and grandson of revolutionary war hero General Uriah Forrest."
References
Sources
External links
Georgetown Historic District, National Park Service
History for Sale: Cleveland Park's Rosedale Farmhouse
The Society of the Cincinnati
The American Revolution Institute
1756 births
1805 deaths
Continental Army officers from Maryland
Continental Congressmen from Maryland
18th-century American politicians
Mayors of places in the District of Columbia
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Maryland
Georgetown (Washington, D.C.)
Burials at Oak Hill Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)
Burials at Presbyterian Burying Ground
Maryland Federalists
Aram Rehob was an early Aramean kingdom, of which the chief city was Rehob or Beth-Rehob, associated with Aram-Zobah as hostile to King David. Num. xiii.21 and Judges xviii.28 place a Beth-Rehob in the Lebanon region near Tel Dan. Moore (Commentary on Judges, p. 399) conjecturally identifies it with Paneas.
See also
References
Sources
External links
Aramean states
Risoba repugnans is a species of moth of the family Nolidae first described by Francis Walker in 1865.
Distribution
It is found from India and Sri Lanka to the Solomon Islands.
Description
It has a wingspan of 40 mm. Head brown. Thorax and abdomen brownish white. Forewings brownish grey with a basal white patch slightly suffused with bright rufous. There are indistinct waved antemedial, postmedial, and sub-marginal lines. The orbicular is a speck, whereas reniform white with rufous center and edge. A large apical rufous patch with whitish lunule found on its inner side. Some rufous patches with white edges found on outer part of inner margin. A marginal series of dark specks present. Hindwings white with the fuscous outer are and ventrally with cell spot.
Subspecies
Risoba repugnans repugnans (Walker, 1865)
Risoba repugnans albistriata (Pagenstecher, 1888) (Bismarck Archipelago)
Biology
The larvae had been recorded on Melastoma sp.
References
Nolidae
Moths described in 1865
Mildred Z. Solomon is an American bioethics researcher.
 They are the president of The Hastings Center, an organization instrumental in the establishment of the field of bioethics. Solomon helped to develop the subfield of empirical ethics and has conducted numerous studies on a broad range of bioethics topics.  They are also a professor at Harvard Medical School, where they direct the Fellowship Program at the Center for Bioethics at Harvard Medical School, which has prepared over 100 bioethicists from across the globe.
Education
Solomon earned their doctorate in educational research methods and adult learning at Harvard University and their B.A. from Smith College.
Career
Mildred Z. Solomon is President of The Hastings Center, the world-recognized bioethics institute focused on ethical issues in medicine, health care, life sciences research and the environment based in Garrison, New York.
In addition, they are a Clinical Professor of Anaesthesia at Harvard Medical School where they direct the school's Fellowship in Bioethics which is a program aimed at building the bioethics capacity of Harvard-affiliated hospitals. In addition to Fellows from the United States, their program has trained bioethicists from Germany, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Israel, Australia, Italy and Iceland.
Solomon is a bioethicist and social science researcher who conducts both normative and empirical ethics research. The primary focus of their scholarship has been on the ethics of end-of-life care for both adults and children, organ transplantation, research ethics, particularly related to oversight of comparative effectiveness and implementation science, as well as professionalism and responsible conduct of research.
They have served on committees of the National Academies of Science, was a member of the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services' Advisory Committee on Organ Transplantation, and consults to numerous Foundations and government agencies including the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues.
Solomon is also a bioethics educator. Early in their career, they co-founded the continuing medical education program, Decisions Near the End of Life, which was adopted by 230 hospitals across the United States, with approximately 40,000 clinicians participating in the program. They also founded The Initiative for Pediatric Palliative Care, which involved more than 2,000 pediatric sub-specialists, pediatric critical care nurses and related health care professionals.
Before assuming the leadership of The Hastings Center, Solomon was Senior Director of Implementation Science at the Association of American Medical Colleges, a membership association of all accredited medical schools in the United States and Canada, 450 teaching hospitals, and 90 medical and scientific specialty societies. At the AAMC, they were responsible for helping academic medical centers develop their capacities in comparative effectiveness research, patient outcomes research and implementation science.
References
Bioethics
Smith College
Harvard Medical School faculty
Smith College alumni
Harvard Graduate School of Education alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Goldenthal was once an unincorporated community, but is now a modern-day neighborhood in the village of Germantown, Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located at the corner of Goldendale Road, County Trunk Highway Y and Freistadt Road. It is 2 miles from the village of Richfield and is due north of Interstate 41 and State Highway 167.
Notes
Geography of Washington County, Wisconsin
Neighborhoods in Wisconsin
Stanford Everett Morse Jr. (May 31, 1926 – February 28, 2002), was a Mississippi lawyer who served two terms in the Mississippi State Senate. Initially a Democrat, Morse became a Republican in 1963 as part of an unsuccessful candidacy for the office of Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi.
See also
List of American politicians who switched parties in office
References
1926 births
2002 deaths
People from Gulfport, Mississippi
Mississippi lawyers
Mississippi state senators
Mississippi Democrats
Mississippi Republicans
University of Mississippi alumni
University of Mississippi School of Law alumni
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
Shelby County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it had a population of 20,990. Its county seat is Shelbyville.
History
Shelby County was formed in 1827 out of Fayette County. It was named in honor of Isaac Shelby, governor of Kentucky and participant in the American Revolutionary War.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Shelbyville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1915 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Major highways
Interstate 57
U.S. Highway 45
U.S. Highway 51
Illinois Route 16
Illinois Route 32
Illinois Route 128
Adjacent counties
Macon County - north
Moultrie County - northeast
Coles County - east
Cumberland County - east
Effingham County - south
Fayette County - south
Montgomery County - southwest
Christian County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,363 people, 9,216 households, and 6,376 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 10,396 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.6% white, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.2% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.5% were German, 9.9% were English, 9.8% were American, and 8.8% were Irish.
Of the 9,216 households, 29.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.8% were non-families, and 27.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 43.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,627 and the median income for a family was $55,655. Males had a median income of $40,119 versus $27,860 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,891. About 7.8% of families and 11.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.7% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Shelbyville (seat)
Windsor
Moweaqua
Town
Sigel
Villages
Cowden
Findlay
Herrick
Oconee
Stewardson
Strasburg
Tower Hill
Census-designated place
Westervelt
Other unincorporated communities
Clarksburg
Lakewood
Mode
Townships
Shelby County is divided into these townships:
Ash Grove
Big Spring
Clarksburg
Cold Spring
Dry Point
Flat Branch
Herrick
Holland
Lakewood
Moweaqua
Oconee
Okaw
Penn
Pickaway
Prairie
Richland
Ridge
Rose
Rural
Shelbyville
Sigel
Todds Point
Tower Hill
Windsor
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Shelby County
References
Illinois counties
1827 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1827
Big Tobacco is a name used to refer to the largest companies in the tobacco industry. According to the World Medical Journal, the five largest tobacco companies are: Philip Morris International, British American Tobacco, Imperial Brands, Japan Tobacco International, and China National Tobacco Company. These companies have substantial power economically, with revenues matching some small countries. These companies are well-known for lobbying governments, advocating for looser restrictions and lower taxes.
These companies have garnered significant controversy for the product they produce and the tactics with which they sell and market them. Tobacco use is the leading cause of preventable death and disease in the United States. Despite a general decrease in cigarette use in the United States, there has been no change in the use of smokeless tobacco.
Some of the tactics utilized by these companies have been noted to be similar to that of other industries such as the oil, sugar, and cell phone industries.
These companies are controversial due to the negative health effects of the products they produce, and attempts to misinform on this topic. In the United States, the big five tobacco companies have worked together to conceal scientific evidence on the negative affects of tobacco. There is also a history of manipulating and destroying evidence.
The Framework Convention on Tobacco Control was designed by the World Health Assembly as an international legal approach to reducing the effect of tobacco on public health. However, it's implementation has also been interfered with by these tobacco companies. Tobacco companies have also been known to foster relations with governments and communities to maintain loose regulations on tobacco products.
See also
Tobacco politics
Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement
Jeffrey Wigand
Nicotine marketing
"Big"
Big business
Big Media
Big Oil
Big Pharma
Big Soda
Big Tech
References
Further reading
External links
Big Tobacco Manufacturers
Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids
TheTruth.com
Master Settlement Agreement
Anti-corporate activism
Libertarian terms
Pejorative terms
Tobacco industry
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Campinas () is an archdiocese located in the city of Campinas in Brazil.
History
June 7, 1908: Established as Diocese of Campinas from the Diocese of São Paulo
April 19, 1958: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Campinas
Special churches
Minor Basilicas:
Basílica Nossa Senhora do Carmo
Bishops
Ordinaries, in reverse chronological order
Archbishops of Campinas (Roman rite), below
Archbishop João Inácio Müller, O.F.M. (since 2019.05.15)
Archbishop Airton José dos Santos (2012.02.15 - 2018.04.25), appointed Archbishop of Mariana, Minas Gerais
Archbishop Bruno Gamberini (2004.06.02 – 2011.08.28)
Archbishop Gilberto Pereira Lopes (1982.02.10 – 2004.06.02)
Archbishop Antônio Maria Alves de Siqueira (1968.09.19 – 1982.02.10)
Archbishop Paulo de Tarso Campos (1958.04.19 – 1968.09.19) see below
Bishops of Campinas (Roman Rite), below
Bishop Paulo de Tarso Campos (later Archbishop) (1941.12.14 – 1958.04.19) see above
Bishop Francisco de Campos Barreto (1920.07.30 – 1941.08.22)
Bishop João Batista Corrêa Nery (1908.08.03 – 1920.02.01)
Coadjutor archbishops
Antônio Maria Alves de Siqueira (1966-1968)
Gilberto Pereira Lopes (1975-1982)
Auxiliary bishops
Joaquim Mamede da Silva (1916-1947)
Bernardo José Bueno Miele (1962-1967), appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of Ribeirão Preto, São Paulo
Luiz Antônio Guedes (1997-2001) appointed Bishop of Bauru, São Paulo
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Octávio Augusto Chagas de Miranda, appointed Bishop of Pouso Alegre in 1916
Agnelo Rossi, appointed Bishop of Barra do Piraí in 1956; future Cardinal
Ercílio Turco, appointed Bishop of Limeira, São Paulo in 1989
Pedro Carlos Cipolini, appointed Bishop of Amparo, São Paulo in 2010
Suffragan dioceses
Diocese of Amparo
Diocese of Bragança Paulista
Diocese of Limeira
Diocese of Piracicaba
Diocese of São Carlos
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Brazil
Roman Catholic ecclesiastical provinces in Brazil
Christian organizations established in 1908
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1908 establishments in Brazil
Grigorije Račanin (Serbian: Григорије Рачанин; Bajina Bašta, Serbia, after 1668 - Szentendre, Habsburg monarchy, after 1739) was a Serbian monk and writer.  They are best remembered for their travelogue on rafting in the Balkans in 1739. They were a contemporary of Gavrilo Stefanović Venclović, also a member of the Rača monastery and its literary School of Rača.
A copy of their major work -- Dravom i Dunavom od Osijeka do Krajove u Rumuniji—is archived in the Narodna biblioteka Srbije (National Library of Serbia) in Belgrade. The original manuscript is now lost, though a copy testifies to the existence of a travelogue manuscript written by them after taking a trip along the "Drava and Danube from Osijek to Krajova in Romania" and back in 1739 as the title suggests.
Monk Grigorije Račanin lived and worked in the scriptorium of the old Rača monastery in Bajina Bašta before settling in Szentendre.
Works
Dravom I Dunavom od Osijeka to Krajove u Ruminiji, 1739
Panonijom s krstom račanskim, vol.I-III
Religious and secular texts.
See also
Jerotej Račanin
Kiprijan Račanin
Ćirjak Račanin
Simeon Račanin
Teodor Račanin
Hristifor Račanin
Prohor Račanin
Gavrilo Stefanović Venclović
Jefrem Janković Tetovac
References
Jovan Skerlić, Istorija nove srpske književnosti (Belgrade, 1914, 1921) pages 26–28.
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
1660s births
1730s deaths
Serbian travel writers
People from Bajina Bašta
Serbian monks
People from Szentendre
18th-century Serbian writers
18th-century Christian monks
Stawamus Chief Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, established in 1997. It encompasses both the eponymous Stawamus Chief and the Slhanay granitic domes and the surrounding forest.
Activities in the park include hiking, rock climbing, and camping. There are views from the park across Howe Sound and of Mount Garibaldi to the north. In 2009, the park received upgrades as part of the Sea to Sky Highway Improvement Project, which gave it a new signature pedestrian bridge with an unusual form that uses two blue, splayed arches and a curved concrete deck.
It is located to the south of the town of Squamish, on the Sea to Sky Highway at the top NE corner of Howe Sound.
In 2012, the B.C. government removed 2.36 hectares of land from Stawamus Chief Provincial Park through legislation, a move that garnered much public debate. This was done to enable construction of the privately operated Sea to Sky Gondola, which opened for business in 2014. The government re-designated the 20-metre-wide gondola corridor the Stawamus Chief Protected Area. The gondola had increased visitation to the park until its line was cut twice, in 2019 and 2020. A previous proposal to put a gondola on the Stawamus Chief itself was unsuccessful.
References
External links
“Stawamus Chief Provincial Park”. BC Parks.
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Sea-to-Sky Corridor
Protected areas established in 1997
1997 establishments in British Columbia
Guardia Perticara is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Łysa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Ukari Okien Figgs (born March 31, 1977) is an American former collegiate and professional women's basketball player.
High School and College years
Born in Georgetown, Kentucky, Figgs led the Scott County girls' basketball team to a state title in 1995, and they were named Kentucky's Miss Basketball.
Figgs then went to school on a scholarship, starring on the women's basketball team at Purdue University, averaging 11.6 points and 3.3 assists in their four-year career. In their senior season, Figgs averaged 16.3 points, 4.5 rebounds and 4.2 assists. Purdue handily won the NCAA Championship that year (winning all of its tournament games by a margin of at least 10 points) and Figgs was named Most Outstanding Player of the 1999 NCAA Final Four. Figgs' other accomplishments while at Purdue included making the 1999 All-Big Ten team and the 1998 and 1999 NCAA Regional All-Tournament Teams and winning the 1997 Best Defensive Player award. Figgs graduated from Purdue in 1999 with a degree in mechanical engineering, taking full advantage of their scholarship.
Purdue statistics
Source
WNBA career
Figgs was selected by the Los Angeles Sparks in the third round (28th overall) of the 1999 WNBA draft, and played for the Sparks for three seasons, which included a WNBA Championship in 2001. Figgs then played one season each for the Portland Fire and Houston Comets.
Prior to the start of the 2004 season, Figgs retired from the WNBA; they had averaged 6.5 points, 3.1 assists, 2.3 rebounds, and had played in 151 games on three different teams.
Life after the WNBA
They worked as a production engineer at Toyota Motor Manufacturing Kentucky in their hometown of Georgetown, Kentucky, and as an assistant coach with the boys' varsity basketball team at Scott County High School. Figgs was appointed as an assistant coach to Purdue University's women's basketball team on April 13, 2009. On June 6, 2011 it was announced Figg's would become an assistant athletics director for women's basketball at the University of Kentucky.
On November 1, 2013, Figgs announced that they were leaving UK to return to Toyota in Georgetown as an engineer. They cited the need to spend more time with their family as the reason for this move.
References
External links
WNBA player profile
1977 births
Living people
American women's basketball coaches
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Kentucky
Houston Comets players
Los Angeles Sparks draft picks
Los Angeles Sparks players
People from Georgetown, Kentucky
Point guards
Portland Fire players
Purdue Boilermakers women's basketball players
Émile Coriolan Hippolyte Guillemin (16 October 1841 – 1907) was a French sculptor of the Belle Époque. They worked in bronze. They studied under their father, the painter Auguste Guillemin, and under . They showed work at the Salon of Paris from 1870 to 1899, and in 1897 received an honourable mention there. In 2008 their 1884 bronze sculpture Femme Kabyle d'Algerie and Janissaire du Sultan Mahmoud II
(Kabyle woman from Algeria and Janissary of Sultan Mahmound II) sold for $1,202,500 plus auction fees in New York to a private collector through Sotheby's Auction House.
Some versions of their Cavalier Arabe are signed both by them and by Alfred Barye, suggesting a collaboration.
Emile Coriolan Hippolyte Guillemin made their debut in the Paris Salon of 1870 where they exhibited a pair of Roman Gladiators, Retaire and Mirmillon, drawn from antiquity. Guillemin specialized in figurative works and was greatly inspired by the Middle East and its exoticism. Representations of Indian falconers, Turkish maidens and Japanese courtesans firmly established Guillemin's reputation as an Orientalist sculptor from the mid-1870's.
Bibliography
P. Kjellberg, Les Bronzes du XIXe Siecle, Paris, 1987, p. 369
References
External links
1841 births
1907 deaths
Painters from Paris
Members of the Académie des beaux-arts
19th-century French sculptors
French male sculptors
19th-century French painters
French male painters
19th-century French male artists
Belle Époque
Whitewater (Warao: Ho Ko sometimes spelled as White Water) is a village in the Barima-Waini Region of Guyana. Whitewater is located close to the border with Venezuela and is inhabited by Warao Amerindians.
Overview
Whitewater was founded in 1966 by four families. It has developed rapidly and at the 2012 census, a population of 1,220 people was recorded. The village has seven satellites including Blackwater.
The economy of Whitewater is based on farming, fishing and craft making. The main crops are peanuts, ginger and cassava. The village has a primary school, however secondary education and health care are only provided in neighbouring Mabaruma. The village owns a school bus. Water is provided by wells. There is no electricity except for privately owned Diesel generators and solar panels. In May 2021, it was announced that the village will receive electricity. A traditional government has been established in the village. The toshao (village chief) as of 2021 is Ernst Samuel.
The Crisis in Venezuela has resulted in criminal gangs from Venezuela moving into the Whitewater area. In February 2018, a military post of the Guyana Defence Force was established in Whitewater to protect the border.
References
Indigenous villages in Guyana
Populated places in Barima-Waini
Veerle Wouters (born 2 June 1974 in Hasselt) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
Along with , they quit N-VA on 21 September 2016.
Notes
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1974 births
People from Hasselt
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
Antonio Mije García (24 September 1905 – 1 September 1976) was a member of the Spanish Communist Party who became a deputy for Seville in the Second Spanish Republic.
They served in various senior positions during the Spanish Civil War (1936–39). After the war they lived in France, Mexico and Czechoslovakia.
They managed to retain their position as a party executive during the internecine struggles of the long years of exile.
Early years
Antonio Mije García was born on 24 September 1905 in Seville, to a working-class family. As a child they became an apprentice in a bakery, and in 1919 they joined the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo (CNT, National Confederation of Labour) while only 13 years old.
At the start of the 1920s they were charged with the treasury of the Baker's union of Seville, and later they became secretary and president of this union. Although self-taught, they directed the union's journal La Aurora, and later the Seville union weekly Voz Proletaria. In 1926 they were admitted to the leadership of the anarcho-syndicalist group attached to the International Red Aid organization. Mije was a militant among the CNT unionists until 1928, when they joined the Internacional Sindical Roja (Profintern).
In 1930, after the end of the dictatorship of Miguel Primo de Rivera, Mije was elected secretary-general of the CNT Reconstruction Committee. They were very active in the labor disputes in Seville. With the proclamation of the Second Spanish Republic they became one of the communist leaders in Seville. In June 1931 they were named assistant union secretary of the regional committee of the Communist Party in Andalusia. They were named secretary general of the Confederación General del Trabajo Unitaria (CGTU) in August 1932 and joined the secretariat of the Spanish Communist Party (Partido Comunista Español, PCE).
In 1932 the Spanish Communist Party made a major change in direction when it abandoned the Comintern slogan "Workers' and Peasants' Government" and adopted "Defense of the Republic".
Mije was among the new leaders of the party who succeeded José Bullejos.
The others were José Díaz, Vicente Uribe, Juan Astigarrabía and Jesús Hernández Tomás.
Mije moved to Madrid in 1932. In November 1933 they ran unsuccessfully for deputy of Seville.
In the aftermath of the Asturian miners' strike of October 1934 they were forced to obtain false papers to avoid arrest.
They became involved in propaganda for the party. In February 1936 they were a Popular Front candidate for Seville, as PCE representative, and was elected as Deputy to the Cortes, where they joined the communist minority.
Civil war
After the military revolt of July 1936 Mije was at first assigned to represent the PCE in the War Ministry, assigned the rank of colonel.
In November 1936, the government evacuated to Valencia.
The Political Bureau of the PCE remained in Madrid, unlike the leaders of the other parties.
Pedro Checa and Antonio Mije negotiated with General José Miaja for participation of the Communists in the Madrid Defense Council (Junta de Defensa de Madrid).
The communists were given three ministries, War, Supplies and Public Order, which were led by Antonio Mije, Pablo Yagüe and Santiago Carrillo, respectively.
The Defense Council was restructured and renamed the Junta Delegada de Defensa de Madrid, or the Delegate Defense Council of Madrid, to comply with an order of 25 November 1936 by President Francisco Largo Caballero. This was to affirm that the council was subordinate to the government.
Mije was replaced by Isidoro Diéguez as Militias delegate.
In May 1937 Mije was made an inspector of the Army's operations in the South, making their base in Úbeda.
From the end of June 1937 Mije again assumed the functions of union secretary on the PCE Central Committee, and was involved in issues of the war economy, mobilization and the production of arms factories. They wrote for the dailies Frente Rojo and Verdad, and directed the PCE organ Mundo Obrero.
When the Republican forces were defeated in the Battle of the Ebro (July–November 1938) and General Francisco Franco's troops reached the Mediterranean, Mije stayed in Madrid with Jesús Hernández Tomás, Pedro Checa, Luis Cabo Giorla and Isidoro Diéguez Dueñas while the main Communist leadership center was established in Barcelona.
Mije participated in the last session of the Cortes in Spain, held in the Castillo de San Fernando in Figueres on 1 February 1939, then escaped to France.
Last years
Mije spent the following months in Paris. In November 1939 Mije moved to Orléans, and soon after moved to Mexico, where they joined Vicente Uribe and other party leaders.
Their work in Mexico provoked much criticism from the main CPE leaders who had taken refuge in the Soviet Union, and from the Communist International.
Mije managed to steer through the complex internal power struggles in the PCE, which became acute after the secretary-general José Diaz died in March 1942.
The Spanish Communist leader Pedro Checa died in Mexico on 6 August 1942 due to complications from an appendectomy.
The guard of honor for their body consisted of Joan Comorera, Antonio Mije, Ángel Álvarez and Federico Melchor.
Mije allied themselves with Dolores Ibárruri, Pasionaria, in opposition to Jesús Hernández Tomás, who was eventually expelled from the party. They remained in Mexico until the start of 1946. They lived in Paris from 1946 to 1950, then moved to Prague, Czechoslovakia for several years. After the PCE meeting in Bucarest in April and May 1956, in which Vicente Uribe was disgraced, Mije kept their membership of the executive.
Antonio Mije died in Paris at the start of September 1976 when they were planning to return to Seville, having obtained a passport.
Their body was flown to Seville, where they were buried in the San Fernando civil cemetery on 11 September 1976, in a ceremony attended by over 3,000 people including several leaders of the Communist Party.
Publications
Notes
Sources
1976 deaths
Spanish communists
1905 births
Members of the Congress of Deputies of the Second Spanish Republic
Cantius is a genus of adapiform primates from the early Eocene of North America and Europe. It is extremely well represented in the fossil record in North America and has been hypothesized to be the direct ancestor of Notharctus in North America. The evolution of Cantius is characterized by a significant increase in body mass that nearly tripled in size. The earliest species were considered small-sized and weighed in around 1 kg, while the later occurring species were considered medium-sized and likely weighed in around 3 kg. Though significantly smaller, the fossil remains discovered of the various species of Cantius have striking similarities to that of Nothartcus and Smilodectes. It is likely Cantius relied on arboreal quadrupedal locomotion, primarily running and leaping. This locomotor pattern comparable to that of extant lemurs, which has fostered the hypothesis that Cantius and other strepsirrhine adapiforms may have a close phylogenetic affinity to living lemurs.
Description
The upper and lower dental formula of Cantius consisted of two incisors, one canine, four premolars, and three molars. In the lower molars, it is common to see a trigonid consisting of three cusps as well as a broad-basined talonid. The upper molars are interesting for North American species of Cantius, as earlier species had simple tritubercular teeth while the later species develop a pseudohypocone from the postprotocingulum (also known as the nannopithex fold). Given its unfused mandibular symphysis and molar cusp morphology, it has been inferred that Cantius was likely a frugivore that consumed fruit (as opposed to a folivorous diet of leaves and other plant material). Cantius also exhibits canine dimorphism, with males possessing relatively larger canine teeth than females. Thus Catnius can be considered a sexually dimorphic species. Specifically, C. torresi lower canines clearly demonstrate sexual dimorphism in having a male/female [canine] length ratio that falls within the range of an expected dimorphic primate.
The postcranial skeletal anatomy of Cantius suggests it was arboreal quadruped capable of running and leaping. This locomotor behavior of Cantius has been interpreted from its relatively long ischium and much more distal inferior tibial tuberosity. These features indicate that Cantius was capable of powerful extension of the thigh and flexion at the knee. These actions were crucial for the locomotor and postural behavior of Cantius. The orbits of Cantius have fueled a long-standing debate regarding the activity pattern of the extinct adapiform. After examination of orbital shape and depth, researchers interpreted Cantius as nocturnal, as its orbital dimensions fall well-above the distribution of extant nocturnal primates.
Taxonomy
There are currently 11 recognized species of Cantius: C.abditus, C. angulatus , C. eppsi , C. frugivorous, C. mckennai, C. nunienus, C. ralstoni, C. savagei, C. simonsi, C. torresi, C. trigonodus. The earliest of these species (for North American Cantius) is believed to be C. torresi, which has laso been reconstructed as the smallest species within the genus (with C. eppsi being closest in size). Thus, considering the gradual pattern of body size increase documented in the Cantius lineage, C. torresi is likely to be considerably older than the later species, if not the oldest species. Along with the size comparison, C. torresi remains were identified within the Big Red Sequence within the Bighorn Basin PETM chart, thus restricting it to a geologic age older than later Cantius species.
Morphological change and key taxa
The established age and antiquity of the Cantius lineage reveals an interesting and well-resolved timeline of adaptation and evolutionary change within Notharctidae. Noteworthy and well-studied species of Cantius include C. torresi and C. abditus. C. torresi, the oldest confirmed species of Cantius, exhibits sexual dimorphism in the canines body size. Thus, it can be inferred that Cantius (and its descendants) were polgynous.
After a nearly complete C. abditus skull was discovered in the Early Eocene Willwood Formation of the Bighorn Basin, where many fossils of several species of Cantius have been found, the geologic age of the fossil was ascertained and a comparative study was conducted. The study revealed that C. abditus was reoughly 2 million years younger than the older species of Cantius to which it was compared. Moreover, the reconstructed body mass of C. abditus was estimated to be ~3000 grams, which is larger than earlier Cantius species, and thus conforming to the well-documented pattern of gradual body size increase within the lineage.
Through comparison of C. abditus, various other species of Cantius, Notharctus, and Smilodectes, researchers were able to identify near identical features in the auditory regions of these species, as well as that of extant lemurs.
References
Prehistoric strepsirrhines
Eocene primates
Prehistoric primate genera
Fossil taxa described in 1962
Extinct mammals of Europe
Franklin County is a county on the eastern border of the U.S. state of Indiana. In the 2020 United States Census, the county population was 22,785. The county seat is the town of Brookville. Franklin County is part of the Cincinnati, OH–KY–IN Metropolitan Statistical Area. The only incorporated city in Franklin County is Batesville, which lies mostly in adjoining Ripley County.
Geography
Franklin County lies on the eastern edge of Indiana; its eastern border abuts the western border of Ohio. Its low rolling hills, once completely wooded, have been partially cleared and leveled for agricultural use. The carved drainages are still largely brush-filled.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.31%) is land and (or 1.69%) is water.
Brookville Lake extends into the county's northern part, formed by a dam of the same name on the East Branch of the Whitewater River, a tributary of the Great Miami River. The West Branch of the Whitewater River enters the county's northwestern part from Fayette County and joins the east branch at Brookville, to form the Whitewater River, flowing southeastward into Dearborn County. The southern and southwestern parts of Franklin County are drained by Salt Creek, Pipe Creek, and Blue Creek, which flow northeastward into Whitewater River. The highest point in the county (1,070 feet/326 meters ASL) is a small hill 1.0 mile (1.6 km) north of Andersonville.
Adjacent counties
Fayette County - north
Union County - northeast
Butler County, Ohio - east
Hamilton County, Ohio - southeast
Dearborn County - south
Ripley County - southwest
Decatur County - west
Rush County - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 74
U.S. Route 52
Indiana State Road 1
Indiana State Road 46
Indiana State Road 101
Indiana State Road 121
Indiana State Road 229
Indiana State Road 244
Indiana State Road 252
Protected areas
Mounds State Recreation Area
Lakes
Brookville Lake (part)
Communities
City
Batesville (partial)
Towns
Brookville (county seat)
Cedar Grove
Laurel
Mount Carmel
Oldenburg
West Harrison (partial)
Census-designated places
Lake Santee (partial)
Metamora
New Trenton
Unincorporated communities
Andersonville
Bath
Blooming Grove
Buena Vista
Drewersburg
Enochsburg
Fairfield (extinct)
Hamburg
Highland Center
Huntersville
Klemmes Corner
Lake View
Midway
Millville
Mixersville
Mound Haven
Mount Auburn
New Fairfield
Oak Forest
Old Bath
Palestine
Peoria
Peppertown
Raymond
Rockdale
Saint Marys
Saint Peter
Scipio (part)
Sharptown
South Gate
Stavetown
Whitcomb
Yellow Bank
Youngs Corner
Townships
Bath Township
Blooming Grove Township
Brookville Township
Butler Township
Fairfield Township
Highland Township
Laurel Township
Metamora Township
Posey Township
Ray Township
Salt Creek Township
Springfield Township
Whitewater Township
History
The future state of Indiana was first regulated by congressional passage of the Northwest Ordinance in 1787. In 1790 the Territory was divided into two counties, with Knox covering much of present-day Indiana. In 1810, a portion of Knox was partitioned to create Wayne County, and shortly thereafter a portion further south was partitioned to create Franklin; the authorizing act was dated 1 February 1811. It was named for statesman Benjamin Franklin.
Some early settlers of Franklin County were Primitive Baptists who came with Elder William Tyner from Virginia in 1797, after the American Revolutionary War. They organized the first church congregation in the Whitewater Valley, the Little Cedar Grove Baptist Church. They raised a log chapel southeast of Brookville in 1805.
Another European-American landmark is the Big Cedar Baptist Church and Burying Ground on Big Cedar Creek Road, between the road to Reily and the Oxford Pike. The original church was established in 1817, as an arm of the Little Cedar Baptist church. The brick building was built in 1838. This church congregation, similar to many pioneer Baptist groups in the country, was originally Primitive Baptist or Hardshell. In the 1830s modernism reached the county, bringing innovations such as Sunday schools, Missionary Societies, and the playing of organs. Organs were particularly anathema to the Primitive Party, who considered it akin to Aaron's golden calf.
The Big Cedar congregation divided into two over these issues, but the two groups arrived at an amicable settlement. Both congregations continued to use the same building: the Primitives, or Hardshells, had worship in the church on the first and third Sabbath of each month, and the Modernists or Missionary Baptists used the church on the second and fourth Sundays. Each congregation had a wood shed. The building is now maintained in connection with the Big Cedar Cemetery Association.
Governors James B. Ray, Noah Noble and David Wallace were known as the "Brookville Triumvirate." They had each lived in Brookville and were elected to consecutive terms as Indiana governor. Noble and Ray were political adversaries.
James B. Goudie Jr. (1769-1836), Speaker of the Indiana House, was also from Franklin County.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Brookville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in September 1951. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in September to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage county government.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Franklin County is part of Indiana's 6th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 42 and 43; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 55, 67 and 68.
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 23,087 people, 8,579 households, and 6,447 families in the county. The population density was . There were 9,538 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.3% white, 0.2% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.3% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 40.3% were German, 14.7% were American, 13.1% were Irish, and 9.5% were English.
Of the 8,579 households, 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.6% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.9% were non-families, and 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.67 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 40.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $60,300. Males had a median income of $43,443 versus $32,612 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,090. About 8.6% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.8% of those under age 18 and 10.9% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Indiana
References
Indiana counties
1811 establishments in Indiana Territory
Populated places established in 1811
Sundown towns in Indiana
The government of Washington State is the governmental structure of the State of Washington as established by the Constitution of the State of Washington. The executive is composed of the Governor, several other statewide elected officials and the Governor's cabinet. The Washington State Legislature consists of the House of Representatives and State Senate. The judiciary is composed of the Washington Supreme Court and lower courts. There is also local government, consisting of counties, municipalities and special districts.
Executive
The executive branch of the state's government is organized as a plural executive, in which the heads of the principal departments are filled by individually elected officials. In addition to the Governor of Washington, the state constitutional officers are: the Lieutenant Governor, the Attorney General, the Secretary of State, the Treasurer, the Auditor, the Commissioner of Public Lands, and the Superintendent of Public Instruction. Additionally, a number of state departments are governed and managed by independent commissions, including the Department of Fish and Wildlife and the Department of Transportation. Heads of the remaining departments are appointed by the Governor, with the advice and consent of the Washington State Senate. The Governor also enjoys a line item veto, the power to issue pardons and commute death sentences, and they act as commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.
The offices of each of the state constitutional officers are established in the Washington constitution, with the exception of that of the Insurance Commissioner, which was created by statute. They are each elected on a partisan ballot to concurrent four-year terms, except for the Superintendent of Public Instruction who is officially non-partisan.
The main administrative departments are:
Agriculture (WSDA)
Archaeology and Historic Preservation (DAHP)
Commerce (COM)
Corrections (DOC)
Children, Youth, and Families (DCYF)
Ecology (ECY)
Employment Security Department (ESD)
Washington State Technology Solutions (WaTech)
Financial Institutions (DFI)
Fish and Wildlife (WDFW)
Health (DOH)
Labor and Industries (L&I)
Licensing (DOL)
Washington Military Department (MIL)
Natural Resources (DNR)
Puget Sound Partnership
Retirement Systems (DRS)
Revenue (DOR)
Services for the Blind (DSB)
Social and Health Services (DSHS)
Transportation (WSDOT)
Veterans Affairs (DVA)
The Washington State Register (WSR) is a biweekly publication that includes activities of the government. The Washington Administrative Code (WAC) is the codification of regulations arranged by subject and agency.
Legislature
The Washington State Legislature is the state's legislative branch. The state legislature is bicameral and is composed of a lower House of Representatives and an upper State Senate. The state is divided into 49 legislative districts of equal population, each of which elects two representatives and one senator. Representatives serve two-year terms, whilst senators serve for four years. There are no term limits.
The Speaker of the House presides over the House of Representatives. The Speaker and the Speaker Pro Tem are nominated by the majority party caucus followed by a vote of the full House. As well as presiding over the body, the Speaker is also the chief leadership position, and controls the flow of legislation. In the absence of the Speaker Pro Tem assumes the role of Speaker. The Lieutenant Governor of Washington serves as the President of the Senate, but only casts a vote if required to break a tie. In their or their absence, the President Pro Tempore presides over the Senate. The President Pro Tempore is elected by the majority party caucus followed by confirmation of the entire Senate through a Senate Resolution. The President Pro Tempore is the chief leadership position in the Senate. The other legislative leaders, such as the majority and minority leaders are elected by their respective party caucuses.
Its session laws are published in the Laws of Washington, which in turn have been codified in the Revised Code of Washington (RCW).
Judiciary
The Washington Supreme Court is the highest court in the state. It has original jurisdiction of petitions against state officers, and can review decisions of lower courts if the money or value of property involved exceeds $200. Direct Supreme Court review of a trial court decision is permitted if the action involves a state officer, a trial court has ruled a statute or ordinance unconstitutional, conflicting statutes or rules of law are involved, or the issue is of broad public interest and requires a prompt and ultimate determination. All cases in which the death penalty has been imposed are reviewed directly by the Supreme Court. In all other cases, review of Court of Appeals decisions is left to the discretion of the court. Nine justices serve on the bench and are elected statewide to six-year terms. Motions to be determined by the Court, and petitions for review of Court of Appeals decisions, are heard by five-member departments of the Court, and a less-than-unanimous vote on a petition requires that the entire court consider the matter.
The Washington Court of Appeals is the intermediate level appellate court empowered to hear appeals from final judgments and orders of superior courts, Personal Restraint Petitions, writs of mandamus and quo warranto, appeals from decisions of administrative agencies, discretionary review of a superior court's decision in an appeal from a court of limited jurisdiction, and discretionary review of interlocutory appeals from rulings of superior court for which there is no other effective remedy. Judges are elected for six-year terms. The court is divided into three divisions. Cases are heard by panels of three judges. There is no en banc procedure.
The Washington superior courts are courts of general jurisdiction, grouped into thirty single or multi-county districts. The Washington district courts (of counties) and Washington municipal courts (of cities and towns) are courts of limited jurisdiction which hear cases involving misdemeanor crimes, traffic, non-traffic, and parking infractions, domestic violence protection orders, civil actions of $75,000 or less, and small claims of up to $5,000. Superior court and district court judges are elected to four-year terms, and municipal court judges may be elected or appointed to four-year terms depending on state law. In addition to municipal courts, cities can establish traffic violation bureaus (TVBs) that handle traffic violations of municipal ordinances.
The Washington State Bar Association (WSBA) licenses and regulates attorneys, and serves its members as a professional association. The Commission on Judicial Conduct consists of 11 members (two attorneys selected by the WSBA, three judges selected by the sitting judges of the state, and six non-attorneys appointed by the Governor), which is authorized to investigate complaints against sitting judges and recommend the removal of judges, which can be effected by a majority vote of the Supreme Court.
Local government
The powers of the counties of Washington are exercised by three to five county commissioners, or by a different form of government provided by "home rule" charters, such as a council-elected executive, council-appointed administrator, or commission-appointed administrator form. The cities and towns of Washington can be organized under mayor-council, council-manager, and commission forms of government. The power of the public to initiate ordinances by petition and to have enacted ordinances referred to the voters are only available in first class cities, code cities, cities or towns organized under the commission plan of government, and home rule counties. Special purpose districts are governments that provide an array of services and facilities including electricity, fire protection, flood control, health districts and hospital districts, housing, irrigation, parks and recreation, library, water-sewer service and more recently stadiums, convention centers, and entertainment facilities that are not otherwise available from city or county governments.
See also
Elections in Washington (state)
Political party strength in Washington (state)
Law of Washington
References
External links
Access Washington (Official website)
Washington
The 2020 Fermanagh Senior Football Championship was the 114th edition of the Fermanagh GAA's premier club Gaelic football tournament for senior clubs in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. The tournament consists of eight teams. The championship had a straight knock-out format (the format was not changed in spite of the COVID-19 pandemic). The draw for the championship was made on 29 June 2020.
Derrygonnelly Harps were the defending champions, seeking their sixth title in a row. They were denied in the final by Ederney St Joseph's, who won their second title and their first since 1968.
Team changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2019 championship season.
To Championship
Promoted from 2019 Intermediate Championship
Kinawley Brian Borus - (Intermediate Champions)
From Championship
Relegated to 2020 Intermediate Championship
Devenish St. Mary's - (Relegation Play-off Losers)
Bracket
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Relegation playoffs
The four losers of the quarter-finals playoff in this round. The two losers will playoff in the relegation final, the loser of which will be relegated to the 2021 Intermediate Football Championship.
Relegation semi-finals
Relegation final
References
Fermanagh Senior Football Championship
Fermanagh SFC
The University Global Partnership Network (UGPN) is an international network of universities, established as a "foundation for international collaboration enabling academics and students from some of the world's top universities to work together on issues of global importance".
The mission of UGPN is "to develop sustainable world-class research, education and knowledge transfer through an active international network of selected Universities collaborating in research, learning and teaching to benefit global society".
UGPN Member Institutions
UGPN currently has 4 member universities in four countries.
Australia
University of Wollongong
Brazil
University of São Paulo
United Kingdom
University of Surrey
United States
North Carolina State University
Additional Partnership Relationships
Banco Santander
Fapesp (the São Paulo State Research Funding Council)
References
External links
International college and university associations and consortia
The Critic is an American animated TV series 1994–1995.
The Critic may also refer to:
The Critic (play), a 1779 satire by Richard Brinsley Sheridan
The Critic (film), a 1963 short animation by Ernest Pintoff and Mel Brooks
"The Critic", a 2003 song by Toby Keith from Shock'n Y'all
The titular character of the comedy film criticism webseries Nostalgia Critic.
Magazines
The Critic (modern magazine), a British monthly magazine founded in 2019
The Critic (Victorian magazine), a London publication of the mid 19th-century
The Critic (New York)
The Critic (Adelaide) (1897–1924), a defunct South Australian weekly magazine
See also
Critic (disambiguation)
David Syme (born 1949) is an American pianist.
Syme has played classical concerts throughout the United States as well as numerous international venues. Their major teachers were Jorge Bolet (Indiana University), Ozan Marsh (University of Arizona), Sascha Gorodnitzki (Juilliard) and studies in London with Louis Kentner.
In the 1990s, Syme played over 180 dates throughout the United States as GMC's "Musical Ambassador." They have also played for political dignitaries including the President of Mexico and President Bill Clinton. Their George Gershwin performance in Mexico is shown repeatedly on the A&E Network as well as other arts channels.
In the year 2000, Syme was soloist with the Czech National Symphony playing several performances of Rhapsody in Blue.
They have recorded extensively including 20 CDs with orchestras like the Royal Philharmonic.
They now live on the southwest coast of County Cork, Ireland, where they have a highly -acclaimed in-home concert series, and they continue to tour internationally.
External links
David Syme homepage
New York Times concert review, 1985
David Dubal interview with David Syme, WNCN-FM, 12-May-1985
1949 births
University of Arizona alumni
Juilliard School alumni
Living people
American classical pianists
Male classical pianists
American male pianists
20th-century American pianists
21st-century classical pianists
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century American pianists
is a railway station in the town of Ōwani, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company.
Lines
Sabaishi Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 2.2 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
The station has one island platform. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Sabaishi Station was opened on January 26, 1952 with the opening of the Kōnan Railway.
Surrounding area
Hirakawa River
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Ōwani, Aomori
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
Múcio Carneiro Leão was a Brazilian journalist, poet, short story writer, critic, novelist, essayist and speaker. They were born in Recife on February 17, 1898, and died in Rio de Janeiro, RJ, on August 12, 1969.
Their parents were Dr. Laurindo Leão and Maria Felicíssima Carneiro Leão. They completed their secondary studies in Recife, at the Instituto Ginasial Pernambucano. They graduated in Law in 1919, and soon after moved to Rio de Janeiro, becoming a writer for Correio da Manhã. In 1923 they left the Correio da Manhã, moving to Jornal do Brasil. Their successor as critic at the Correio da Manhã was Humberto de Campos.
In 1934, on the death of , they replaced them as critic at Jornal do Brasil. In 1941, with Cassiano Ricardo and Ribeiro Couto, they founded the morning newspaper A Manhã, where they created the literary supplement "Authors and Books", which they ran for many years and which has become an important repository of Brazilian literature.
Múcio Leão held the following public positions or commissions: cabinet officer of the Minister of Finance (1925); general inspector of lotteries (1926); fiscal agent of the Consumption Tax (1926); chairperson of the Theater Commission of the Ministry of Education (1939); professor of the Journalism course at the Faculty of Philosophy of the University of Brazil.
They were the fourth occupant of Chair 20 at the Brazilian Academy of Letters, to which they were elected on September 19, 1935, in succession to Humberto de Campos. They were received by Academic Pereira da Silva on November 16, 1935. At the Academy, they were second secretary (1936); first secretary (1937, 1938); secretary-general (1942, 1943, 1946 and 1948) and president (1944). They organized numerous publications, notably the critical work of João Ribeiro: Critical Studies (1934), Brazilian Classics and Romantics (1952), The Moderns (1952), Parnassianism and Symbolism (1957), Fiction Authors (1959), Critics and Essays (1959), Philologists (1961), Historians (1961). In 1960, they gave a series of three lectures at the Brazilian Historical and Geographic Institute, under the title “João Ribeiro's Thought” (published in the magazine of the institute, vol. 248, July–September 1961).
References
Brazilian writers
Galugah (, also Romanized as Galūgāh) is a city & capital of Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,512, in 644 families.
References
Populated places in Babol County
Cities in Mazandaran Province
is a former Japanese football player.
Club career
Yoshikawa was born in Chiba Prefecture on November 8, 1978. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, they joined Consadole Sapporo with teammate Yushi Soda in 2001. They debuted in 2002 season. Although they mainly played as defender, they also played as defensive midfielder. However they could hardly play in the match and retired end of 2003 season.
National team career
In August 1995, Yoshikawa was selected Japan U-17 national team for 1995 U-17 World Championship. They played full time in all 3 matches.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
University of Tsukuba alumni
Association football people from Chiba Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
Association football defenders
is the sixth installment of the Jewelpet anime franchise created by Sanrio and Sega and animated by both Zexcs and Studio Comet. It was first announced by Sanrio on their official Twitter page to coincide with the anime franchise's 5th anniversary. The series aired on April 5, 2014, on TV Tokyo and TV Osaka and is directed by Itsuro Kawasaki and written by Natsuko Takahashi. It is the first Jewelpet installment to be officially handled by Zexcs who co-produced the Jewelpet Twinkle Fan Discs and the OVA episode.
The story focuses on Momona, a girl from Jewel Land who accidentally gets transported into a mysterious place during their cousin's wedding reception. Standing in front of Jewel Land's prestigious Jewel Palace alongside the other girls, they meet Ruby, a white rabbit Jewelpet who chooses them to be their partner and become a Petit Lady. Knowing all the trials will be hard, they and Ruby must persevere in order for them to become a proper lady and gain the title of being a Lady Jewel. But standing in their way is Lillian and their Jewelpet partner, Luea, who also both want the same title and also, the hand of Prince Cayenne.
Jun Ichikawa was hired to compose the music, while J-Pop band Fairies performs the series' respective opening and ending theme songs, Your Love (as M-Three) and RUN with U.
An official DVD boxset of the series, containing all the episodes, was released by Frontier Works on July 7, 2015. The boxset also contains official character art, information on the characters and extra bonuses.
Episode list
References
General
http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/jewelpet6/index2.html
Specific
Lady
Eilema albicosta is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Alois Friedrich Rogenhofer in 1894. It is found in Spain and on the Canary Islands.
Adults are on wing year round.
The larvae feed on algae, mosses, lichen and detritus.
References
Moths described in 1894
albicosta
Tanjung Piai (formerly Tanjong Piai) is a federal constituency in Pontian District and Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Tanjung Piai constituency has a total of 27 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
Note: 1Nordin Othman was a candidate of Pan-Malaysian Islamic Front (BERJASA), who had contested under the PAS banner through the Gagasan Sejahtera pact.
References
Johor federal constituencies
Andriy Vladimirovich Vatseba (Russian: Андрей Вацеба; born 7 December 1995) is a Ukrainian football midfielder.
Career
As a youth player, Vatseba joined the youth academy of Dynamo (Kyiv), Ukraine's most successful club.
Before the second half of 2013/14, they signed for Resovia in the Polish fourth division.
Before the 2015 season, they signed for Ukrainian lower league side Nika (Ivano-Frankivsk).
In 2016, Vatseba signed for Arka Gdynia in the Polish top flight.
Before the second half of 2016/17, they were sent on loan to Polish third division team Gryf Wejherowo.
Before the 2019 season, they signed for Arameisk-Syrianska in the Swedish fourth division.
Before the second half of 2019/20, Vatseba signed for Ukrainian second division outfit Prykarpattia.
References
External links
Ukrainian footballers
Arameisk-Syrianska IF players
Division 2 (Swedish football) players
Living people
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
1995 births
Resovia (football) players
FC Nyva Ternopil players
II liga players
FC Prykarpattia Ivano-Frankivsk (1998) players
Gryf Wejherowo players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Sportspeople from Ivano-Frankivsk
Dinwoody Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east side of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range. Completely within the Fitzpatrick Wilderness, Dinwoody Glacier is one of the largest glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains, and as of 1989 was ranked fourth in area. In a 1989 study which examined repeat photography and stream flow analysis, Dinwoody Glacier was determined to have retreated rapidly between 1958 and 1983, though most of the reduction has been in the thickness of the glacier rather than its surface area. In the same 25-year period, the glacier lost an average of in thickness. Radar mapping of 72 locations on the glacier resulted in an average thickness of and a maximum measured depth of . The 1989 study was commenced to examine the impact on water supplies to streams and rivers from glacier retreat of both Dinwoody and Gannett Glaciers.
See also
List of glaciers in the United States
References
External links
Study Tracks Dinwoody Glaciers Retreat
Glaciers of Fremont County, Wyoming
Shoshone National Forest
Glaciers of Wyoming
Janus Daði Smárason (born 1 January 1995) is an Icelandic handball player for Kolstad Håndball and the Icelandic national handball team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Janus Dadi Smarason
Janus Dadi Smarason
Expatriate handball players
Janus Dadi Smarason
Janus Dadi Smarason
Janus Dadi Smarason
Aalborg Håndbold players
Frisch Auf Göppingen players
Kolstad Håndball players
Janus Dadi Smarason
Herman Major Backer (October 30, 1856 – May 21, 1932) was a Norwegian architect.  They are best known for having designed many luxury houses, grand public buildings, and business buildings, as well as hotels and churches. Backer was very productive and was one of the leading architects in Norway in the decades around 1900. Their son Lars Backer was later one of Norway's leading functionalist architects.
Backer was educated at Wilhelm von Hanno's drawing school, at the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry in Christiania, and in Dresden. When they returned to Norway from abroad, they first worked for three years as a stipendiary building inspector in Christiania before they established their own practice in the town in 1882.
Selected works
One of the first large commissions that Backer accepted was to design a mansion for the lumber merchant and government minister Hans Rasmus Astrup. The Minister Astrup Mansion () stands at Drammensveien no. 78 in Oslo and was built in 1887 as a private home for Astrup and their family. In 1911 the building was taken over by the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, which still owns the building today.
Around the same time they designed the Fridheim Mansion () on the shore of Krøderen for the lumber merchant Svend Haug from Drammen. The building was intended to serve as a country home for the lumber merchant and their family. Later it was used as a hotel, and since 1986 the Fridheim Mansion Adventure Museum has been located there.
Backer designed another mansion at the Skaugum estate. It was commissioned by Fritz Wedel Jarlsberg and was built in 1891 in a style similar to that of the Fridheim Mansion. The Skaugum estate was presented to Crown Prince Olav and Crown Princess Märtha, who moved into it in 1929. The mansion was destroyed by fire on May 20, 1930.
Backer also designed the Olympen Restaurant at Grønlandsleiret no. 15 in Oslo, built in 1882. The building was commissioned by the Schou Brewery and was built of brick with plaster ornamentation. The building was remodeled by their son Lars Backer in 1927. A restaurant has operated in the building since it was opened in 1892.
In the mid-1890s, Backer designed the building at Arbins gate no. 1 in Oslo. This is the house where Henrik Ibsen lived during their last years, and the building now contains the Oslo Ibsen Museum.
Backer's Backergården building is a Baroque Revival structure at Kongens gate no. 31 in Oslo. It was built for the business person Johan Paul Jørgen Alexander Backer and their fur business in 1895. The building was built with a steel supporting skeleton structure that allows the large windows. The facade is clad with Norwegian marble from the Dunderland Valley in the municipality of Rana.
Other works by Backer include Saint John's Church in Bergen, Klemetsrud Church, Sollihøgda Chapel, Stensgård Church, Krebsegården at Holtegata no. 20 in Oslo, the Victoria Hotel in Lillehammer, Simersgården at Grev Wedels plass no. 4 in Oslo, the Alfheim Complex at Pilestredet no. 27 in Oslo, the dormitory building at Jønsberg Upper Secondary School in Romedal, and an addition to the Madserud estate at Madserud allé no 34 in Oslo.
References
Architects from Oslo
1856 births
1932 deaths
Millennium Park is a small plaza located at the intersection of Park Row and Broadway in Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City. Located to the south of City Hall Park, it is a Greenstreet site designed to replicate a forest amid a busy intersection. The plaza contains a bus turnaround loop, formerly a paved median transformed into a green space at the turn of the 21st century.
The park was dedicated in November 2000, described by Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani as “a final gift from the 20th century to New Yorkers of the 21st.” With its completion date in mind, it was named Millennium Park.
At its southern tip is the David Rockefeller Clock, dedicated by the Downtown Alliance in honor of longtime Chase Manhattan Bank executive David Rockefeller. The youngest grandson of John D. Rockefeller, they were instrumental in maintaining the vitality of downtown Manhattan as a business district at a time when many businesses were leaving urban centers for suburban settings. Rockefeller's contributions to the neighborhood includes the preservation of South Street Seaport, and the construction of World Trade Center and Battery Park City. Keeping in theme with City Hall Park, the 3,500-pound clock was designed in the late 19th-century style to match the fountain and light fixtures of the Victorian period.
References
Parks in Manhattan
Financial District, Manhattan
Civic Center, Manhattan
2000 establishments in New York City
25 Magazines was an urban art, entertainment and culture magazine headquartered in Washington, D.C.
History
In January 2008, the magazine launched online as The Grind Magazine and covered careers, student life, entertainment, social issues and academics but later relaunched and rebranded in August 2008 as 25 Magazines, refocusing its content to cater to a niche audience of young urban professionals in metropolitan cities.
Awards
In September 2009, 25 Magazines was the recipient of the "popular vote" award in the 2009 Black Weblog Awards in the "Best Post Series" category for their "Starving Artists" feature series which at the time featured artists U-N-I, Tanya Morgan, Gangsta L. Crisis, and producer and video blogger, Jabari Johnson.
References
External links
Official Website
Magazines established in 2008
Magazines published in Washington, D.C.
Online magazines published in the United States
Visual arts magazines published in the United States
Veterinary oncology is a subspecialty of veterinary medicine that deals with cancer diagnosis and treatment in animals. Cancer is a major cause of death in pet animals. In one study, 45% of the dogs that reached 10 years of age or older died of cancer.
Skin tumors are the most frequently diagnosed type of tumor in domestic animals for two reasons: 1. constant exposure of animal skin to the sun and external environment, 2. skin tumors are easy to see because they are on the outside of the animal.
Cancer statistics
Male dogs
Female dogs
These statistics, being from the 1960s, may not be an accurate representation of cancer in dogs currently.
Human-animal cancer connections
Companion animals such as dogs and cats suffer from many of the same types of cancer as humans. Cancer research with dogs has helped in the design of clinical trials for cancer therapy for humans. In the spirit of the One Health movement (global collaborative research on human and animal health) such human-animal connections in cancer research could benefit both humans and animals with cancer in the future.
Animals with cancer also sometimes function as animal sentinels that provide an early warning of carcinogens and an environmental health hazard to humans.
Ethical issues
Veterinarians use the HHHHHMM Scale to discuss animal quality of life with pet owners before a euthanasia decision is made for a pet with an incurable disease such as cancer (the letters stand for Hurt Hunger Hydration Hygiene Happiness Mobility and "More good days than bad days").
References
See also
Skin cancer in cats and dogs
Bladder cancer in cats and dogs
Bone cancer in cats and dogs
Intestinal cancer in cats and dogs
Nose cancer in cats and dogs
Stomach cancer in cats and dogs
Soft tissue sarcoma in cats and dogs
Lymphoma in animals
Feline leukemia
List of cancers in dogs
Oncology
Veterinary Medicine
Cancer in dogs
Cancer in cats
Oncology
Han Na-lae (; born 6 July 1992) is a South Korean tennis player.
Han has a career-high singles ranking of 149, achieved June 2019. In May 2019, they peaked at No. 116 in the doubles rankings.
They made their WTA Tour main-draw singles debut at the 2014 Korea Open.
Career
Han made their Grand Slam main-draw debut at the 2020 Australian Open having received a wildcard.
At the 2017 Korea Open, they defeated top 50 player Kristýna Plíšková as one of their biggest victories.
Grand Slam singles performance timeline
WTA career finals
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
WTA Challenger finals
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
ITF Circuit titles
Singles: 22 (12 titles, 10 runner–ups)
Doubles: 43 (26 titles, 17 runner–ups)
Notes
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
South Korean female tennis players
Sportspeople from Incheon
Tennis players at the 2014 Asian Games
Universiade medalists in tennis
Tennis players at the 2018 Asian Games
Universiade gold medalists for South Korea
Universiade bronze medalists for South Korea
Asian Games competitors for South Korea
Medalists at the 2015 Summer Universiade
Yawnghwe (), known as Nyaungshwe () in Burmese, was a Shan state in what is today Myanmar. It was one of the most important of the Southern Shan States. Yawnghwe state included the Inle Lake. The administrative capital was Taunggyi, located in the northern part of the state. The Agent of the British government, the Superintendent of the Southern Shan States, resided at Taunggyi and the king's palace was at Yawnghwe.
History
According to tradition in very distant antiquity there was a predecessor state in the area named Kambojaraṭṭha (ကမ္ဗောဇရဋ္ဌ).
The city of Yawnghwe, which gave name to the state, was founded in 1359 by two mythical brothers, Nga Taung and Nga Naung, who arrived from Tavoy (Dawei) and were allowed to build a capital by a prince who ruled the region. The brothers brought 36 families from Tavoy and established themselves in the new city.
Yawnghwe included the subsidiary states of Mawnang (Heho), Mawson, Loimaw, Loi-ai and Namhkai. Historically the majority of the population in the state belonged to the Intha, Pa-O, Danu, Shan and Taungyo people groups.
The state of Yawnghwe formally accepted the status of British protectorate in 1887.
Sao Shwe Thaik was the first president of the Union of Burma and the last Saopha of Yawnghwe they married Sao Nang Hearn Kham of the royal family of North Hsenwi. Their residence in Yawnghwe town, the Haw, is now the "Buddha museum" and is open to the public.
Rulers
The rulers of Yawnghwe bore the title of Saopha; their ritual style was Kambojaraṭṭha Sīripavara Mahāvaṃsa Sudhammarāja. They were entitled to a 9-gun salute by the British authorities.
Saophas
1359–1384: Si Hseng Hpa
Sai Lon Hung
Mauk Hkam
Sao Nga Hung
Ai Hso Yen
1497–1510: Hkun Ai Chiang Duean
1510–1522: Hkun Kwaeo Lan Hom
1522–1532: Hkun Ai Chom Duean
1532–1542: Hkam Ai Lan
1542–1570: Hso Yeab Hpa
1570–1597: Haw Luang Hkam Hlaing Hpa
1597–1615: Sai Mauk Hpa
1615–1634: Haw Kwaeo Hsawng Hseng
1634–1647: Khun Hsang Hung Sa
1647–1667: Khun Kwaeo Hseng Hkam
1667–1675: Hung Hseng Duean
1675–1695: Hkam Ai Hung
1695–1733: Hkam Lek Hpa
1733–1737: Htawk Sha Sa
1737–1746: Hsi Ton Sa
1746–1758: Hke Hsa Wa
1758–1758: Naw Mong I
1758–1761: Yawt Hkam
1761–1762: Hpong Hpa Ka-sa
1762–1815: Sao Yun
1815–1818: Sao Hso U I
1818–1821: Naw Mong II
1821–1852: Sao Hso U II
1852–1858: Sao Hso Hom (d. 1858)
1858–1864: Sao Naw Hpa
23 Oct 1864–1885: Sao Maung (1st time) (b. 1848–d. 1927)
1886–1897: Sao Ohn
1897–Dec 1926: Sao Maung (2nd time) (s.a.) (from 19.., Sir Sao Maung)
Sep 1927–1952: Hso Hkam Suek aka Sao Shwe Thaik (b. 1896–d. 1962) 33rd Saopha (The First President of Burma)
Traditional royal ceremonies
Formerly the Saopha of Yawnghwe would personally welcome the four Buddha images during the annual festival at Hpaung Daw U Pagoda, an 18-day pagoda festival, during which the Buddha images were placed on a replica of a royal barge designed as a hintha bird and taken in a procession throughout Inle Lake. The elaborately decorated barge was towed by several boats of leg-rowers rowing in unison together with other accompanying boats. The images would be taken from the royal barge and a grand procession would take them to the palace or haw of the Saopha, entering the prayer hall from the eastern entrance, where the images would be kept for a few hours.
Nowadays the festival is still held, but the images bypass the visit to the haw and are taken directly to the temple.
See also
Salute state
Hso Khan Pha
References
External links
"Gazetteer of Upper Burma and the Shan states"
The Imperial Gazetteer of India
14th-century establishments in Burma
1359 establishments in Asia
1959 disestablishments in Burma
ca:Yawnghwe
John J. Finnegan (born July 21, 1938) is a former American politician who served as Massachusetts State Auditor from 1981 to 1987.
A member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives since 1967, Finnegan was elected by the state legislature to fill the unexpired term of State Auditor Thaddeus M. Buczko, who resigned to become Justice of the Essex County Probate and Family Court. They were elected in their own right in 1982. They did not run for re-election in 1986 and was succeeded by Joe DeNucci.
See also
Massachusetts House of Representatives' 18th Suffolk district
References
1938 births
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
New England Law Boston alumni
Politicians from Boston
State auditors of Massachusetts
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
Living people
Events in the year 2017 in Serbia.
Incumbents
President: Tomislav Nikolić
Prime Minister: Aleksandar Vučić
Events
2 April – Scheduled date for the Serbian presidential election, 2017
Deaths
4 January – Vlastimir Trajković, composer (b. 1947).
8 January – Jovanka Nikolić, writer (b. 1952).
23 January – Boško Krunić, politician (b. 1929).
References
2010s in Serbia
Years of the 21st century in Serbia
Serbia
Serbia
Kadia or Kadiya may refer to:
Kadia (term), a term to refer to a mason in Indi
a
Communities in India
Kadia (Muslim), a Muslim community found in the states of Gujarat and Maharashtra
Gurjar Kshatriya Kadia, a Hindu community in Gujarat and Maharashtra
Kadia Kumbhar, a Hindu sub-group of the Kumbhar caste
Sathwara or Kadia Sathwara, a Hindu caste in Gujarat
Kutchi Kadia, a Hindu community in Gujarat
Places
Kadia (Ahmedabad), Gujarat, India
Kadia, Ghana
See also
Kadia (given name), a European-language feminine name
Kadija (disambiguation)
John Kadiya
The Jeti-Ögüz ( or , ) is a river in Jeti-Ögüz District of Issyk-Kul Region of Kyrgyzstan. It rises on north slopes of Teskey Ala-Too Range and flows into lake Issyk-Kul. The length of the river is and the basin area . Average annual discharge is . The maximum flow is and the minimum - . Jeti-Ögüz resort and Jeti-Ögüz village are located near the river. Several breakthrough-prone lakes including Telety, Archaly-Ter, Atjailoo and Asantukum located in the basin of the river at altitudes above 3500 m posing a risk of floods.
References
Rivers of Kyrgyzstan
Tributaries of Issyk-Kul
The rufous-breasted leaftosser (Sclerurus scansor) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Brazil and eastern Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
rufous-breasted leaftosser
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
rufous-breasted leaftosser
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The men's 1000 m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 11 at 14:00 local time.
Results
References
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships
The Regentesses of the Old Men's Almshouse Haarlem is a regents group portrait of four regentesses and their servant painted by Frans Hals, c. 1664, for the Oude Mannenhuis in Haarlem, the Netherlands. It forms a pendant with the Regents of the Old Men's Almshouse.
Background
The regentesses portrayed were (left to right) Adriaentje Schouten, Marijtje Willemsdr (also recorded as regentess of Het Dolhuys), Anna van Damme (first married Abraham de Ridder, then in 1650 married Salomon Cousaert), Adriana Bredenhof (wife of the schout Mattheus Everswijn).
Frans Hals painted them in their "loose style", with rough brush strokes. The painting is traditionally dated 1664, though no archival evidence has yet been found to confirm this. The lack of any meticulous finishing, unusual in Hals' portraits of women, lead experts to assume this was painted towards the end of their life when they painted more loosely than in their younger years. The style of the women's dress also places the portrait well past the millstone collars of the 1640s and earlier. The painting currently hangs in the same location for which it was painted, namely the old men's almshouse in Haarlem known today as the Frans Hals Museum. According to Pieter Biesboer, the landscape painting on the rear wall is unidentified, but could possibly be an allegorical representation of the Good Samaritan, though no figures can be seen in it.
19th century copies
In the 19th-century when Hals' loose brushwork became popular with impressionists, several copies were made of this painting:
Max Lieberman also made a copy of one of the heads. James Abbott McNeill Whistler visited in 1882, 1885, and in 1902 to study the Frans Hals paintings, and according to a witness of their last visit, was "completely charmed by the old women". The copy by Manet was discovered in 2018 and shown at the Frans Hals Museum during their 2018 exhibition Frans Hals and the Moderns. Like other copies after Hals' work, the copy gives insights into the state of the painting during Manet's time.
References
1664 paintings
Collections in the Frans Hals Museum
Portraits by Frans Hals
People from Haarlem
Portraits of women
Group portraits by Dutch artists
Salo Wittmayer Baron (May 26, 1895 – November 25, 1989) was a Polish-born American historian, described as "the greatest Jewish historian of the 20th century". Baron taught at Columbia University from 1930 until their retirement in 1963.
Life
Baron was born in Tarnów, Galicia, which was then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire but is now in Poland. Baron's family was educated and affluent, part of the Jewish aristocracy of Galicia. Their father was a banker and president of the Jewish community of 16,000. Baron's first language was Polish, but they knew twenty languages, including Yiddish, Biblical and modern Hebrew, French and German, and was famous for being able to give scholarly lectures without notes - in five languages. Baron received rabbinical ordination at the Jewish Theological Seminary in Vienna in 1920, and earned three doctorates from the University of Vienna, in philosophy in 1917, in political science in 1922 and in law in 1923. They began their teaching career at the Jewish Teachers College (Juedisches Paedagogium) in Vienna in 1926, but was persuaded to move to New York to teach at the Jewish Institute of Religion by Rabbi Stephen S. Wise in New York.
Baron's appointment as the Nathan L. Miller Professor of Jewish History, Literature and Institutions at Columbia University in 1929 is considered to mark the beginning of the teaching of the academic field of Jewish Studies in an American university.
In 1933, Jeannette Meisel, a graduate student in economics, consulted them about a dissertation they were writing. They married in 1934, and Jeannette Baron became a collaborator in their scholarly work. "He and their wife, in their heyday, were a kind of partnership," Mr. Hertzberg recalled. "She helped with every one of their books, and they signed a couple of monographs together."
After World War Two, Baron ran the Jewish Cultural Reconstruction, Inc., an organization established in 1947 to collect and distribute heirless Jewish property in the American occupied zones of Europe. Hundreds of thousands of books, archives, and ceremonial objects were distributed to libraries and museums, primarily in Israel and the United States.
On April 24, 1961, Professor Baron testified at the trial of Adolf Eichmann in Jerusalem. Baron explained the historical context of the Nazi genocide against the Jews. They further explained that in their birthplace, Tarnow, there had been 20,000 Jews before the war but, after Hitler, there were no more than 20. Their parents and a sister were killed there.
In addition to their scholarly work, Baron was active in organizational efforts to maintain and strengthen the Jewish community both before and after World War II. From 1950 to 1968, they directed the Center of Israel and Jewish Studies at Columbia University. They received more than a dozen honorary degrees from universities in the United States, Europe and Israel and was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1964.
They died in New York City aged 94. The Salo Wittmayer Baron Chair of Jewish History, Culture and Society at Columbia University was created in their honor.
Scholarship
According to Yosef Hayim Yerushalmi, Baron "was undoubtedly the greatest Jewish historian of the 20th century." Theirs and their wife's magnum opus was A Social and Religious History of the Jews (Columbia University Press), which began as a series of lectures, turned into a three-volume overview of Jewish history published in 1937 and finally grew into a revised version. Professor Baron continued to work on the series throughout their life.
Baron opposed the "lachrymose conception of Jewish history," sometimes identified with Heinrich Graetz, a great 19th-century Jewish historian who found the main elements of Jewish experience through the ages to be suffering and spiritual scholarship. In a 1975 interview, Baron said "Suffering is part of the destiny [of the Jews], but so is repeated joy as well as ultimate redemption."
Professor Baron also strove to integrate the religious dimension of Jewish history into a full picture of Jewish life and to integrate the history of Jews into the wider history of the eras and societies in which they lived.
Literary works
The Jewish Community (3 vols., 1942)
Jews of the United States, 1790–1840: A Documentary History (ed. with Joseph L. Blau, 3 vols., 1963)
A Social and Religious History of the Jews (18 vols., 2d ed. 1952–1983)
See also
Jewish studies
American Jewish Historical Society
References
Further reading
Liberles, Robert. Salo Wittmayer Baron: Architect of Jewish history, (New York University Press, 1995)
External links
Entry on BARON, SALO (Shalom) WITTMAYER by Arthur Hertzberg in the Encyclopaedia Judaica (2nd ed., 2007)
http://c250.columbia.edu/c250_celebrates/remarkable_columbians/salo_wittmayer_baron.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20070322013246/http://www.bartleby.com/65/ba/Baron-Sa.html
http://www.encyclopedia.com/html/B/Baron-Sa.asp
http://www.bookrags.com/biography-salo-wittmayer-baron/index.html
Salo W. Baron Papers, 1900-1980, 1982-2000 (400 linear ft.) are housed in the Department of Special Collections and University Archives at Stanford University Libraries
1895 births
1989 deaths
Austrian emigrants to the United States
American Conservative rabbis
20th-century American rabbis
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
American Jews
20th-century American historians
Jewish American historians
American Jewish theologians
Columbia University faculty
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Historians of Jews and Judaism
American male non-fiction writers
Austro-Hungarian Jews
Jews from Galicia (Eastern Europe)
People from Tarnów
University of Vienna alumni
20th-century American male writers
Tommy Paul and Peter Polansky were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Maxime Cressy and Bernardo Saraiva won the title after defeating Robert Galloway and Nathaniel Lammons 7–5, 7–6(7–3) in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
External links
Main draw
Columbus Challenger - Doubles
Columbus Challenger
The Argentine National Symphony Orchestra () is the state symphony orchestra of Argentina, based in Buenos Aires.
History
Established as the State Symphony Orchestra, on November 20, 1948, via a bill (Law 35879) signed by President Juan Perón, the orchestra was created that it could "constitute the pitch of universal resonance that our music needs, while providing the most effective means of popular education in the arts."
Philharmonic associations had, by then, a long tradition in Argentina, and could be traced in Buenos Aires to the 1822 formation of the Academy of Music and of the Philharmonic Association, the following year. These orchestras struggled under the instability prevailing during the years of the Argentine Confederation, however, and their performances were only sporadic. The German Argentine community helped advance the medium with the founding a number of choral societies between 1852 and 1863, notably Concordia, Germania and the Deutsche Sing-Akademie, and these were complemented by the Buenos Aires Orchestral Society (1876) and the Musical Mutual Society (1894). The latter ultimately formed the first orchestral guild in Argentina, the Orchestra Professionals' Association (APO), in 1919.
The APO Orchestra was constituted as such in 1922, and prospered with its collaboration with the local Wagner Association, reaching its zenith under the baton of Swiss conductor Ernest Ansermet. The great depression later limited its activity sharply, and the orchestra was nearly closed in 1935, highlighting the need for state support. Accordingly, the Buenos Aires Symphony (today the Buenos Aires Philharmonic) was founded in 1947, and in 1948, the State Symphony Orchestra.
The symphony was created under the aegis of the Secretariat of Culture, and with 92 musicians. Directed initially by Roberto Kinsky, its first concert took place at the renowned Colón Opera House on November 30, 1949; on that evening's program was Ludwig van Beethoven's Consecration of the House Overture, Johannes Brahms's Symphony No.2, and Igor Stravinsky's Scherzo Fantastico. Its repertoire was soon expanded to include works by classical Argentine composers, as well, notably Carlos Guastavino, Carlos López Buchardo and Alberto Williams. Apart from its performances at the Colón Opera House, the symphony would appear often in the Cervantes and Gran Rex theatres, and it increasingly featured 20th-century classical music, notably Ottorino Respighi's Sinfonia Drammatica and Sergei Prokofiev's Alexander Nevsky; among the well-known guest musicians during the symphony's early years was violinist Henryk Szeryng.
The 1955 overthrow of President Juan Perón led to the State Symphony's reorganization as the Argentine National Symphony. Its first post-Perón conductor, former Colón Opera House Director Juan José Castro, had returned from exile and took the baton to acclaim on November 11, leading the symphony in their performance of La Mer, by Claude Debussy. They worked to widen its appeal by incorporating works by contemporary composers such as Olivier Messiaen, Paul Hindemith, Igor Stravinsky and Béla Bartók, and by securing guest conductors such as Willem van Otterloo and Igor Stravinsky, who conducted performances of their own works in 1960. Frustrated by bureaucratic tedium, however, Castro resigned in October.
The symphony followed a more traditional line after Víctor Tevah's appointment as chief conductor in 1961, and the contemporary music programs were cancelled. Its itinerary was steeped up, and would include a successful tour of theatres in the Argentine hinterland as well as in Asunción, Paraguay, in 1962. Highlights from this period included guest conductor Paul Klecki's Beethoven concert series and the rise to prominence of pianist Martha Argerich. Ongoing administrative disputes, however, took their toll, and the appointment of Teodoro Fuchs in March 1966 as its first full director since Castro met one the body's chief demands, though budget scarcities led to their resignation later that year.
The installation of a dictatorship under General Juan Carlos Onganía led to a marked influence of the Catholic Church over the repertoire, and its new director, Juan Carlos Zorzi, offered up mostly requiems, masses and te deums, as well as frequent collaborations with the Argentine Catholic University's choir. The symphony performed at the reinauguration of the Cervantes Theatre, which had been nearly lost to a 1961 fire, in 1968, though the Onganía regime's continuing hostility to the symphony led to its being stripped of a formal home, and the body performed as a radio orchestra. Losing numerous musicians, Zorzi resigned, and though the 1970 appointment of Spanish conductor Jacques Bodmer as director was followed by a sponsorship from the Italian Embassy, lack of federal support kept the symphony on the brink of closure throughout 1971 and 1972.
The election of Peronist candidate Héctor Cámpora in 1973 brought with it restored support for the institution, including disbursement for a year's worth of unpaid salaries. A successful Beethoven series at the Luna Park Arena was followed by the 25th anniversary concert, November 29, 1974, memorable for its being held atop the Buenos Aires Sheraton with a televised reprise of Roberto Kinsky's inaugural program. A renewed funding crisis led director Bodmer to return to Barcelona in July 1975, however, and their assistant, Jorge Fontenla, was appointed in their stead. Fontenla's replacement with Bruno D'Astoli in 1978 coincided with the symphony's eclipse by the Buenos Aires Philharmonic, which enjoyed the advantage of a permanent home at the Colón Opera House (while the symphony was relegated to Monday nights at the Cervantes). Its struggles helped result in the 1980 establishment of the Friends of the National Symphony, and though the end of the last dictatorship in 1983 brought with it high hopes, a conflict with the newly appointed general director, Iván Cosentino, resulted in a stoppage during the first half of 1985. Ongoing budgetary problems prompted the new director, Jorge Rotter, to schedule free concerts to the public every other Wednesday as a form of protest during 1987. A renewed crisis in 1990 led to their resignation and the suspension of activities.
Lacking a director, the symphony was supervised by the head of SADAIC, José María Castiñeira de Dios, who organized the symphony's first European performance (in Spain), and secured appointment of Simón Blech as director in late 1991. Another figure credited with shepherding the symphony through this difficult era was its former director, Juan Carlos Zorzi, who had served as interim director during the early 1980s and continued to influence the repertoire, including more works by Latin American composers such as Mexican composer Eduardo Diazmuñoz, who led the symphony as guest conductor; Zorzi also took the baton for a tour of Chile in 1992. The appointment of Pedro Ignacio Calderón as chief conductor in 1996 was followed by a number of critics' awards and by the symphony's 50th anniversary celebrations in 1998, for which the body was invited to perform in Los Angeles and Tokyo.
Obtaining their first salary increase in thirteen years in 2006, the National Symphony Orchestra has persisted over often overwhelming odds, not the least of which has been its lack of a permanent home (unofficially located in the Cervantes Theatre). Maintaining a loyal esprit de corps among its musicians, who have on numerous past occasions performed without pay, the symphony has also attracted figures of international stature on the classical music stage, including guest conductors Erich Kleiber, Sir Georg Solti, Ernest Ansermet, Igor Markevitch, Hermann Scherchen, Sergiu Celibidache, Rudolf Kempe, Antal Dorati, Sir Malcolm Sargent, Hans Rosbaud, Jean Fournet, Igor Stravinsky, Heitor Villa-Lobos, Aram Katchaturian, Frank Martin and Pablo Casals, as well as renowned guest soloists such as Arthur Rubinstein, Ruggiero Ricci, Nicanor Zabaleta, Gyorgy Sandor, Martha Argerich, Uto Ughi, and Barry Douglas.
Its need for an official home was addressed in 2006 with plans to create a concert hall for the symphony in the Bicentennial Cultural Center. The center's inaugural in the former Buenos Aires Central Post Office, scheduled for the Bicentennial in 2010, was later delayed, and the Belgrano Auditorium became the symphony's temporary home.
References
External links
Secretariat of Culture: National Symphony Orchestra
Musical groups established in 1948
Symphony orchestras
Argentine music
Argentine culture
Argentine orchestras
Sir William Henry Allchin (1846–1912) was an English physician and lecturer on comparative anatomy, physiology, pathology and medicine. They were knighted in 1907.
Biography
Born in Paris, William Allchin was the eldest son of a physician from Bayswater and entered University College, London to study medicine. They served as chief surgeon of the SS Great Eastern for 5 years when the ship was laying cable. They graduated from University College, London as M.B. in 1871. At Westminster Hospital they became an assistant physician in 1873 and a physician in 1877 and dean from 1878 to 1883 and again from 1890 to 1893; they retired from the hospital staff in 1905. Allchin was the editor of the Manual of Medicine and a contributor to Quain's Dictionary of Medicine, Allbutt's System of Medicine, and Keating's Cyclopaedia of the Diseases of Children.
On 19 August 1880, Allchin married Margaret, daughter of Alexander Holland of New York.
Honours
1891 — Bradshaw Lecturer
1901 — President of the Medical Society of London
1903 — Harveian Orator
1905 — Lumleian Lecturer
1907 — Knighthood
1910 — Physician-Extraordinary to King George V
References
External links
Art UK – Your Paintings – Sir William Henry Allchin (1846–1912)
1846 births
1912 deaths
19th-century English medical doctors
20th-century English medical doctors
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
The Überlinger Hänsele is a famous carnival figure of the city of Überlingen am Bodensee, Germany.
The Hänsele is the main figure of the carnival in Überlingen. Only male citizens of Überlingen are allowed to appear with this carnival suit on. The first time the Hänsele appears during carnival is the Saturday evening before Ash Wednesday for the big "Hänsele Juck" (procession of the Hänsle through the old city of Überlingen). More than 1500 of these Hänsele entertain the audience along the street.
Appearance
The character Hänsele appears on the Saturday and Sunday before Ash Wednesday. It also appears in July in connection with the Überlinger Schwerttanzkompanie (Sword dance company of Überlingen) at the second Schwedenprozession (a procession to commemorate the successful defense of the Swedish siege in the Thirty years War) on the second Sunday in July. During the sword dance only one person at a time plays Hänsele, and they are involved in all civic celebrations; their identity usually remains anonymous. Hänsele's costume is noted for its colorful felted squares, its fox tail, and the women's perfume worn on the mask. In addition, Hänsele carries a heavy whip; prior to Fasnet, groups of uncostumed Hänseles gather in the market square to practice snapping their whips.
History
In 1496, the Hänsele was first mentioned in a legislative ruling that banned people from wearing a devil suit, though it is unknown if that devil suit was similar in appearance to the modern Hänsele. In 1769, the Hänsele was named in connection with the carnival for the first time by the council of Überlingen. It is written there that it was forbidden to wear the Hänsele after the bedtime ringing of the church bells. In the council protocol of 1789, the Karbatsche was named and banned as well.
References
External links
Stadt Überlingen: Schwedenprozessionen und Schwerttanz Überlingen - eine Stadt mit Tradition
European folklore characters
German folklore
Fictional characters from Swabia
AABA may refer to:
AABA form, a musical form common in Tin Pan Alley songs
All-American Basketball Alliance, a defunct basketball league
All-American Basketball Alliance (2010), an unrelated all-white basketball league announced in 2010
alpha-Aminobutyric acid, an isomer of the amino acid aminobutyric acid
Altaba ticker symbol
Rhyme scheme of the Rubaʿi, a type of Persian poem, also known as "Rubaiyat Quatrain"
See also
Aaba, a village in the Koura District of Lebanon
Jujja Wieslander (née Bergkvist; born 12 June 1944 in Stockholm) is a Swedish author of children's books, best known for their fictional character of Mama Moo which was adapted into the animated feature film Mamma Moo and the Crow (2008). They were awarded an Astrid Lindgren Prize in 2005.
References
1944 births
Living people
Swedish writers
Writers from Stockholm
Killone () is a civil parish of County Clare, Ireland, to the southwest of Ennis. It is known for the ruins of Killone Abbey.
Location
Killone is in the Barony of Islands, southwest of Ennis on the road to Kildysart.
It is southwest of Clareabbey. The parish is and covers .
The parish covers most of the western screen of the head of the River Fergus estuary, and combines fertile low ground with rocky hillocks, hills, and ridges.
The parish holds Killone Lough.
Antiquities
Domnall Mór Ua Briain, styled King of Limerick, founded Killone Abbey around 1190 for Augustinian nuns, dedicated to Saint John the Baptist.
Slaney, daughter of King Donogh Carbreach of Thomond, was abbess of this nunnery. They died in 1260.
The ruins are near the northeast of Lake Killone.
Killone Abbey is linked to Clare Abbey by the Pilgrim's road, a footpath.
There is a holy well dedicated to Saint John near the abbey.
In 1544 King Henry VIII of England granted the abbey, three townlands, all the tithes of the parish of Killone and much other property in Clare to Murrough O'Brien, 1st Earl of Thomond. In 1580 Killone Castle was the property of the Baron of Inchiquin. There is now no trace of the castle.
As of 1837 the parish was united with the Clareabbey parish in the Catholic church.
There was a chapel at Ballyea.
The population in 1841 was 2,777 in 429 houses.
The civil parish is now part of the Ballyea/Clarecastle Catholic parish. Mass is still held at Saint John's Well.
Townlands
Townlands are Ballyea, Ballyvullagan, Bansha, Barloughra, Barnanageeha, Cappagarraun, Darragh North, Darragh South, Drumadrehid, Drummeen East, Drummeen West, Edenvale, Kilglassy, Killerk East, Killerk West, Kilmoraun, Kilmore, Knockanira, Lackennaskagh, Lismulbreeda, Newhall, Rathmeehan, Reaghfa, Shannacool and Teermaclane.
References
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
A zonal plant is a “species or variety which is of value in determining floral zones.” Botanist Frederick Vernon Coville defined the expression. They described "the best method of procedure in a new area to establish the (floral) zones by means of a comparatively small number of the best zonal plants, and afterwards to arrange the other less important [plants] in their proper places."
References
Botany
USS Shabonee may refer to:
was an English-built tugboat acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1943.
was a tugboat acquired by the U.S. Navy in 1974.
United States Navy ship names
Bwebwetake Areieta (died 8 March 1980) was an I-Kiribati politician. They served as a member of the Legislative Council and House of Assembly from 1971 until their death, also holding the posts of Member for Social Services and Minister of Communications, Works and Utilities during the 1970s.
Biography
Originally from Maiana, Areieta married Matereti from Onotoa and the couple moved to Bairiki. They began work in the civil service in 1963 and became editor of the Colony Information Notes weekly newsheet, In 1966 they were seconded to the Public Relations Office of the Fijian government for a short spell. They became an assistant broadcasting officer for Radio Tarawa and attended a BBC producers course in the UK. They later rose to become officer-in-charge of the broadcasting department.
In 1971 they were elected to the Legislative Council of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands and was appointed Member for Social Services. After being re-elected to the new House of Assembly in 1974 they were appointed Minister of Communications, Works and Utilities by Chief Minister Naboua Ratieta. Although they were re-elected again in 1978, Ratieta lost the election for Chief Minister and Areieta was left out of the new cabinet.
They died in March 1980 in a motorcycle accident.
References
I-Kiribati civil servants
I-Kiribati journalists
I-Kiribati broadcasters
Members of the House of Assembly (Kiribati)
Government ministers of Kiribati
1980 deaths
Road incident deaths in Kiribati
Motorcycle road incident deaths
The German Athletics Championships () are the national championships in athletics of Germany, organised annually by the Deutscher Leichtathletik-Verband.
The competition features track and field events. Separate championships are held for non-track events, including the German Cross Country Championships, German Marathon Championships and German Race Walking Championships. The championships for combined track and field events are also held separately.
The German Athletics Championships was established in 1898 during the period of the German Empire and it was among the first major national championships, following on from the English, French, American and Canadian national events which had been established in the previous decade. Women's events were first held at the German national championships in 1920. The men's and women's championships were held at separate locations between 1925 and 1933. The competition has been held annually since its creation, with the exceptions of 1914 (year of the outbreak of World War I) and 1944–1945 (the final years of World War II).
Editions
Championship records
Men
Women
See also
German records in athletics
References
General source:
Recurring sporting events established in 1898
National athletics competitions
Athletics competitions in Germany
Athletics
Mimi Kristine Berdal (born 15 June 1959) is a Norwegian lawyer and businessperson.
A lawyer by profession, they graduated as cand.jur. (Candidate of Law) from the University of Oslo in 1987. They were a research assistant from 1985 to 1986, worked for Total from 1989 and as a lawyer from 1990.
They chaired the board of directors of Stabæk Fotball from 2005 to 2009, became chair of Rec in 2013, has chaired Rocksource and Infratek, and is a member of the board of Itera, Synnøve Finden, Q-Free and Gassco and a former member of the board of Norsk Rikstoto and Øvrevoll Galopp. They have been recognized as having most board memberships of all women in Norway, with approximately 90 in total.
References
1959 births
Living people
University of Oslo alumni
21st-century Norwegian business persons
Norwegian women lawyers
20th-century Norwegian lawyers
20th-century women lawyers
SCORE Class 3 is production short wheelbase 4x4 class that competes in the SCORE off-road race series races including the Baja 1000, Baja 500, San Felipe 250, Baja Sur 500 and the SCORE Desert Challenge.
Vehicle description
Vehicles must be a four-wheel drive vehicle capable of being driven through all four wheels. Vehicles are typically Jeep, Ford Bronco, Kia Sportage or Chevrolet Trailblazer.
No pickup trucks are allowed in this class. Minimum vehicle weight is 3500 lbs.
References
SCORE International (2011). "2011-2015 Off-Road Racing Rules and Regulations".
External links
Official SCORE International website
Official SCORE International Journal
Official SCORE International Carbon TV channel
Weißdorf is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany. It lies on the Saale River.
References
Hof (district)
The British actor and comedian Peter Sellers (1925–1980) performed in many genres of light entertainment, including film, radio and theatre. They appeared in the BBC Radio comedy series The Goon Show, recorded a number of hit comic songs and became known internationally through their many film characterisations, among them Chief Inspector Clouseau in The Pink Panther film series. The filmmakers John and Roy Boulting described them as "the greatest comic genius [Britain] has produced since Charles Chaplin".
Sellers's career on radio, film, television and record spanned from 1948 until their death. They made their radio debut on ShowTime in 1948, followed by appearances in Ray's a Laugh, Starlight Hour, The Gang Show, Henry Hall's Guest Night and It's Fine to Be Young. Along with Spike Milligan, Harry Secombe and Michael Bentine, they took part in the radio series The Goon Show (1951–60). Throughout their career, Sellers made a number of television appearances, in character roles and for interviews and advertisements. Their stage appearances were few, largely because they had been unhappy with the touring they had done as a child with their family. During their career, they also released a number of albums containing sketches and comic songs; the songs were undertaken in a variety of comic characters.
Starting in the 1950s, Sellers appeared in over fifty films, including I'm All Right Jack, Dr. Strangelove, Lolita, Being There and the Pink Panther series. At the peak of their career, they were one of the most popular stars at the British box office: third in most popular films in 1962, and second in 1963. Sellers's versatility enabled them to portray a wide range of comic characters using different accents and guises, and they would often assume multiple roles within the same film. In 2005, Channel 4 conducted a survey of modern-day comedians, who ranked Sellers the 14th most influential comedian of all time.
Stage credits
At the start of their career, Sellers also performed acts in a number of variety shows in various parts of Britain; their wartime service with the Gang Shows of Ralph Reader saw them perform in India, Ceylon and Burma.
Selected radio broadcasts
Sellers also appeared in supporting roles in a number of other radio programmes from the 1940s to the 1970s.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
Television
Main series and appearances
Selected guest appearances
Advertisements
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Other albums
Compilation albums
Box sets
EPs
Singles
Contributions
References
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Peter Sellers on Pathé News
Male actor filmographies
British filmographies
Discographies of British artists
Filmographies
Gerard Bennett may refer to:
Gerard Bennett, musician in 'O' Level
Gerard Bennett in Southwark London Borough Council election, 2014
See also
Gerald Bennett (born 1943), American politician
Jerry Bennett (disambiguation)
Alexane Jamieson is a Canadian actor from Quebec.  They are most noted for their performance in the 2019 film Young Juliette (Jeune Juliette), for which they received a Prix Iris nomination for Revelation of the Year at the 22nd Quebec Cinema Awards in 2020.
They previously had supporting roles in the films Cross My Heart (Les Rois mongols) and Threesome (Le Trip à trois). In 2020 they had a recurring role in Ici TOU.TV's short format web series L'effet secondaire.
References
External links
21st-century Canadian actores
Canadian child actores
Canadian film actores
Canadian television actores
Actresses from Quebec
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Joan Lavender Bailie Guthrie or Laura Grey (1889–1914) was a British suffragette, and member of the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU).
Life
Guthrie was born in 1889 in Caistor, Lincolnshire
Suffragist
Guthrie joined the WSPU at the age of 18. In 1912, they took part in a window-smashing raid, for which they were imprisoned in HM Prison Holloway.
During their time in prison, they contributed to Holloway Jingles, a book of poetry which was published by the Glasgow branch of the WSPU. Them poem To D.R. is thought to be dedicated to fellow suffragette Dorothea Rock.
They took part in a hunger strike and was force fed. They received a hunger strike medal. It is thought that they developed an addiction to the barbiturate veronal, which eased the pain caused by the after effects of the force feeding.
Guthrie was given a Hunger Strike Medal 'for Valour' by WSPU.
Acting career
After their release from prison they worked as an actor. Them first stage performance was in the pantomime "The forty thieves" at the Lyceum Theatre in 1912
Death
Guthrie died at the age of 25, at 111 Jermyn Street, St James's, Westminster, leaving an estate valued at £1564. The cause of death was taking an overdose of veronal. A poem about them was published in the "Daily Herald" newspaper in June 1914. According to the website "Woman and their sphere", the poem was written by Anna Wickham.
References
British feminists
Barbiturates-related deaths
English suffragettes
1889 births
1914 deaths
Scottish suffragists
People associated with Glasgow
Women's Social and Political Union
Hunger Strike Medal recipients
1914 suicides
Drug-related suicides in England
Suicides in Westminster
Winnweiler is a Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the Donnersbergkreis, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The seat of the Verbandsgemeinde is in Winnweiler.
The Verbandsgemeinde Winnweiler consists of the following Ortsgemeinden ("local municipalities"):
Börrstadt
Breunigweiler
Falkenstein
Gonbach
Höringen
Imsbach
Lohnsfeld
Münchweiler an der Alsenz
Schweisweiler
Sippersfeld
Steinbach am Donnersberg
Wartenberg-Rohrbach
Winnweiler
Verbandsgemeinde in Rhineland-Palatinate
North Palatinate
Ten Stories is the fifth studio album by American indie rock band mewithoutYou. The record was produced by Daniel Smith and mixed by Brad Wood. The album's track listing was published by Alternative Press's website in March 2012.
The album focuses on ten stories that make up the larger story of the whole album of a traveling circus and the train crash it suffered in late 19th-century Montana. The inspiration comes from a book read in a class that lead singer and lyricist Aaron Weiss took while attending school during the band's hiatus.
On May 8, 2012, the record became available for streaming on Spotify. The album was released May 15, 2012 with pre-orders starting April 17, 2012.
The largest pre-order bundle on their online store is $40 and includes a 2XLP on colored 150g vinyl, 4th side vinyl etching, custom inner sleeves, a 28-page lyric booklet with 11 original paintings by Vasily Kafanov, 11x17 Poster, 13-song bonus CD with alternate album cover, instant digital download on street date, exclusive b-sides 7" single Other Stories:, an 8-page lyric booklet, two more original paintings by Vasily Kafanov, and foreword by the band's drummer Rick Mazzotta.
Track listing
Music by mewithoutYou, lyrics by Aaron Weiss.
References
2012 albums
MewithoutYou albums
Jakob Olsson (born March 7, 1997) is a Swedish ice hockey player.  They are currently playing with Frölunda HC of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
Olsson made their Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Frölunda HC during the 2014–15 SHL season.
References
External links
1997 births
Frölunda HC players
Living people
Swedish ice hockey left wingers
People from Lerum Municipality
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
Shane Johnson (born february 29, 1976) is an American actor with numerous credits in both television and film.  They are noted for playing Scott in Black Cadillac and Cooper Saxe in Power. They have also appeared as Will Cooper in two episodes of the 2008 TNT show Raising the Bar.
Early life
They graduated from Ephrata High School (WA) in 1994 and later graduated from Whitman College in 1998.
Filmography
Film
Saving Private Ryan (1998, Soldier on the Beach #9)
Love, Lust & Joy (2000, as Barry)
Behind Enemy Lines (2001, extra)
Pumpkin (2002, as Jeremy)
The Big Time (2002, as Timothy Wilkison)
Black Cadillac (2003, as Scott)
Take (2007, as Officer Runion)
The Great Buck Howard (2008, as Las Vegas Producer)
The Hardest Job in the Business (2009, as Craft Service Guy)
Cage Shift (2011, as Kevin the Magician)
Shadow on the Mesa (2013, as Art Dowdy)
Chez Upshaw (2013, as Slade Woodshed)
Hot Guys with Guns (2013, as Himself)
The Possession of Michael King (2014, as Michael King)
Death Everlasting (2014, as Chris Wright)
Television
Undressed (2000, 2 episodes, as Casey)
Freaks and Geeks (2000, 1 episode, as Good-Looking Guy)
Strong Medicine (2000, pilot episode)
ER (2002, 1 episode, as Jason)
Birds of Prey (2002, 1 episode, as Colin)
Bones (2006, 1 episode, as Kyle Richardson)
CSI: NY (2006, 1 episode, as Liam Griffin)
Cold Case (2006, 1 episode, as Sean 'Coop' Cooper)
CSI: Miami (2008, 1 episode, as T.J. Pratt)
Raising the Bar (2008, 2 episodes, as Will Cooper)
Deep Sea Salvage (2009, 6 episodes, as Narrator)
Miami Medical (2010, 1 episode, as Ryan)
Private Practice (2010, 1 episode, as Dave)
The Closer (2011, 1 episode, as Marcus Winslow)
Easy to Assemble (2012, 5 episodes, as Grover Thorsten - webseries)
NCIS (2012, 1 episode, as CIA Agent Stephen Wheeler)
Castle (2012, 1 episode, as Deputy Adam Jones)
Criminal Minds (2012, 1 episode, as Chad Mills)
Power (2014–2020, as Cooper Saxe)
Power Book II: Ghost (2020, as Cooper Saxe)
Video games
The World Ends with You (2007, as Megumi Kitaniji, English version)
Fallout: New Vegas (2010, as multiple voices)
The 3rd Birthday (2010)
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD (2015, as additional voices in English version)
Rise of the Tomb Rider (2015, as multiple voices)
World of Final Fantasy (2016, as additional voices, English version)
Kingdom Hearts III (2019, as additional voices)
Final Fantasy VII Remake (2020, as additional voices)
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
American male actors
Whitman College alumni
People from Ephrata, Washington
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Indian Ambassador to the Greece is the chief diplomatic representative of India to the Greece, housed in Athens.
List of Indian Ambassadors to Greece
The following people have served as Indian Ambassadors to the Hellenic Republic.
See also
Embassy of India, Athens
External links
Ambassadors of India to Greece
References
Greece
India
Dayere Zangi ( Tambourine) (, romanized: Dayereh-e zangi) is a 2008 Iranian comedy drama film directed by Parisa Bakhtavar and written by Asghar Farhadi. It was released in Iran during the Nowrooz holidays and was an average gross.
Story
Shirin (Baran Kowsari), a young woman, has only one day to make a lot of money fast, in order to repair their father's car they damaged in an accident. They befriend a naive, young man named Mohammad (Saber Abar) who tries to help them to raise the money by entering an apartment building and installing illegal satellite dishes for the diverse residents with diverging views on media — when they get into further trouble.
Cast
Baran Kowsari
Saber Abar
Mehran Modiri
Mohammad Reza Sharifinia
Hamed BehdadAmin Hayai
Bahareh Rahnama
Omid Rohani
Gohar Kheirandish
Nima Shahrokh Shahi
NiloofarKhoshkholgh
Negar Foroozandeh
Akram Mohammadi
Amir Noori
Mahdi Pakdel
Afarin Chitsaz
Sarina Farhadi
Soroosh Goodarzi
Kianoosh Gerami
Mohsen Ghazi Moradi
Melika Sharifinia
References
External links
Iranian comedy-drama films
2008 films
2000s Persian-language films
Blue Collar Conservatives are a pressure group and caucus of Conservative Party Members of Parliament who identify as working class conservatives. It was founded in 2012 by former cabinet minister Esther McVey and a former conservative parliamentary candidate for Workington, Clark Vasey. It was relaunched at the beginning of the 2019 Conservative Party leadership election by Esther McVey, Ben Bradley, the MP for Mansfield since 2017, and Scott Mann, the MP for North Cornwall since 2015. The relaunch was reported to have rivalled the recent establishment of the One Nation Conservatives.
As a group, they aim to "champion working people and develop a conservative agenda to benefit the voters and communities most neglected by Labour". In the weeks prior to becoming Prime Minister, Boris Johnson said, "the blue-collar conservatism agenda – particularly in relation to supporting schools, police and other public services [...] is something I've already signalled I want to take forward in government." The New Statesman has described the caucus as an influential grouping within the parliamentary party.
Campaigns
The group focus their campaigning on empowering blue-collar workers and other working-class people. They have also campaigned on Brexit, public services, Education in the United Kingdom and law enforcement. The values of the caucus focus on "Conservative Values, Practical Delivery" and were attributed to the result of the 2019 general election, where the Conservatives won many seats in the "Red wall".
Many in the caucus have supported cancelling High Speed 2.
Leadership
Board members
Esther McVey MP, president and founder
Ben Bradley MP, chairperson
Councillor Clark Vasey, director
Dehenna Davison MP, vice chair
Scott Mann MP, vice chair
Eddie Hughes MP, vice chair
John Stevenson MP, vice chair
Lee Rowley MP, vice chair
Andrea Jenkyns MP, vice chair
Andrew Lewer MP, vice chair
Sir Gary Streeter MP, vice chair
Membership
According to the group's website; the members/supporters of the caucus include:
Blue Collar Conversations: from pub to podcast
Since its relaunch, the group travelled to pubs across the country holding open events called 'Blue Collar Conversations' in which UK cabinet ministers and MPs discussed ideas and policies in an informal setting with members of the public. Speaking at one of those events, a member of the group is reported to have said: "The party needs to adopt the blue-collar Conservatism approach – travel to pubs across the country and reach out to the people… a pub-ocracy!"
The group then launched a weekly podcast of the same name as the United Kingdom went into official lockdown from the coronavirus pandemic. The podcast is described as "a space to champion working people". New episodes are released every Sunday and cover a range of topical issues, from crime and justice to care homes and football, and the cosmetic industry to education. The podcast is hosted by Esther McVey and guests have included Nick Knowles, Ching They Huang, Toby Young, Linda Yueh, Tom Harwood, Chris Wright, Mark Radcliffe and Bradford City A.F.C.; however, the podcast prides itself on also providing a platform for everyday working people.
References
External links
Official website/
See also
Social class in the United Kingdom
2012 establishments in the United Kingdom
Brexit
Conservative Party (UK) factions
Euroscepticism in the United Kingdom
Groups of British MPs
Organisations associated with the Conservative Party (UK)
Political organizations established in 2019
Right-wing politics in the United Kingdom
Right-wing populism in the United Kingdom
McKenzie Towne is a master planned residential neighbourhood in the southeast of Calgary, Alberta being developed by Carma Developers LP (now Brookfield Residential Properties Inc.). The community is bordered on the west by Deerfoot Trail, on the south by Stoney Trail, on the east by 52 St. S.E., and to the north by the South Trail regional commercial centre along 130 Ave. S.E.
McKenzie Towne boasts many recreational features, including: the McKenzie Towne Hall managed and operated by the staff and Board of Directors of the McKenzie Towne Council (which is the community's Residents' Association). Within the Hall: a gymnasium, meeting and banquet facilities, and a private outdoor park area. The Council offers recreational programming for children, youth, families adults and seniors, as well as facility rentals for events. The Council also runs community events and looks after the landscaping and maintenance of green spaces and amenities. The community also has a network of paved pathways, green spaces and parks; a fountain and splash park; an outdoor hockey rink and skate park and numerous ponds also complement McKenzie Towne. McKenzie Towne also contains one separate school board elementary school and a public elementary school.
Developments
McKenzie Towne is a master planned Neotraditional Community, reflecting a small town. It comes complete with both street front retail, midsize commercial offerings, a wide variety of single family homes, apartments, town houses, churches, seniors care facilities, public and separate board elementary schools, and traditional architecture. The neighbourhood was based on the new urbanist movement and original concepts were crafted by Andres Duany who was the same architect to model Seaside, Florida (the filming location of The Truman Show movie). McKenzie Towne was selected by the Urban Land Institute as one of the top 26 master planned communities in the world.
The neighbourhood is divided into four distinct areas: Inverness, Elgin, Prestwick, and High Street. Each of the three areas of McKenzie Towne offer complementing architectural styles. Elgin features six styles of architecture designed to reflect Europe. English Cottage, Greek Revival, English Tudor, French Eclectic, Italianate, and English Arts & Crafts. Prestwick and Inverness follows four styles: Queen Anne (Victorian), Georgian, Craftsman, and National. High Street is the commercial area, designed by Gibbs Gage Architects. It features street oriented commercial with many small businesses and complemented with larger well known retail tenants and a major grocery store.
Education
There are three schools in McKenzie Towne, the Calgary Catholic School District has St. Albert The Great (K-9) in the community. Calgary Board of Education has two schools in the community McKenzie Towne Elementary (K-4) and a McKenzie Highlands School (5-9).
Demographics
In the City of Calgary's 2012 municipal census, McKenzie Towne had a population of living in dwellings, a 4.6% increase from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2012.
Residents in this community had a median household income of $75,325 in 2000, and there were 4.6% low income residents living in the neighbourhood. As of 2000, 11.9% of the residents were immigrants. A proportion of 8.9% of the buildings were condominiums or apartments, and 4% of the housing was used for renting.
Commercial development
The main commercial area within McKenzie Towne is the High Street shopping area, a streetscape-style shopping centre anchored at present by a Sobeys grocery store and a number of smaller chains and independent retail outlets and restaurants. The major big-box shopping district South Trail Crossing is located along 130th Avenue S.E. along the northern boundary of the Prestwick district and features major retailers such as Wal-Mart. Additional smaller neighbourhood retail is located at several other locations within McKenzie Towne.
Transit
A "park and ride" facility has been constructed adjacent to the High Street shopping area off 52nd Street S.E., and is a hub for the region's current BRT (Bus Rapid Transit) line connecting to downtown; in the future (time-frame yet to be determined), BRT service is to be replaced by a full LRT (Light Rapid Transit) line, with a station earmarked next to the park and ride.
See also
List of neighbourhoods in Calgary
References
External links
Local McKenzie Towne Community web site profile
Local Builders in McKenzie Towne
Vaughan Custom Builders & Design
Neighbourhoods in Calgary
New Urbanism communities
Andrew J Milne (died 1906) was a Scottish educator and minister who served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1905/6.
Life
They were born around 1830.
They studied at King's College, Aberdeen graduating from MA in 1850. They became Headmaster of the Collegiate School in Kingston, Jamaica (founded 1853) under Rev Radcliffe, before becoming the Educational Inspector for Jamaica.
As an author they wrote on the life of Francis Lathom.
In 1870, having returned to Scotland, they became minister of Fyvie church and remained there for the rest of their life. They were elected Moderator in 1905 but died during their year in office, dying on 15 May 1906.
References
1906 deaths
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
19th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
1830 births
South Ockendon Windmill was a Smock mill at South Ockendon, Essex, England which collapsed on 2 November 1977.
History
South Ockendon Windmill was built in the 1820s. A date of 1829 is often quoted but the mill was marked on the Greenwoods' map of 1825. The mill was a combined mill, with a waterwheel driving a pair of millstones in the base in addition to those driven by wind. The mill may have been built with the waterwheel from new. The first reference to the waterwheel was in 1845. In June 1853 the mill was struck by lightning. A steam engine had been installed by 1912 and the mill ceased working in 1923. The mill collapsed on 2 November 1977. The wreckage was taken into store at South Woodham Ferrers by Vincent Pargeter, millwright to Essex County Council. A plan to restore and exhibit some of the remains in South Ockendon was shelved in 1994. The remains are still in store, available to be used if a replica of the mill is ever built, either on its original site or elsewhere. In 2005, it was announced that some of the machinery was to be used in the restoration of Halvergate Windmill, Norfolk.
Description
South Ockendon Windmill was a three-storey smock mill on a two-storey brick base, with a stage at first-floor level. The mill had two double Patent sails and two single Patent sails. The boat-shaped cap was winded by a fantail.
Mill
South Ockendon Windmill had an octagonal two-storey brick base, which consisted the ground floor of the mill and a cellar. It was across the flats and high. The cellar was just under high. The mill was high overall, and from ground level to the top of the cap.
The smock was from sill to curb. The mill was diameter at the curb externally, the cant posts being about by . The stage was at first-floor level, above the ground.
The cap was boat-shaped, similar to those found on Norfolk windmills. Winding was by an eight-bladed fantail.
Sails and windshaft
South Ockendon Windmill had a cast-iron windshaft carrying two double Patent sails and two single Patent sails with a span of . The double-shuttered sails had eleven bays of three shutters, and the single-shuttered sails had nine bays of three shutters.
Machinery
The wooden brake wheel was of composite construction, diameter. It had a wooden rim and a cast-iron centre with six arms. It had been converted from clasp arm construction. The Wallower was wooden, as was the Upright Shaft. The Upright Shaft was made up of four pieces of timber. The clasp arm Great Spur Wheel was of wood. It drove three pairs of underdrift millstones, with a fourth pair being driven by the waterwheel. The wind-driven millstones were all French Burr stones, two pairs being diameter and the third pair being diameter. Little is known about the waterwheel except that it was undershot and drove a single pair of millstones on the first floor of the mill, which was the same floor as the wind powered millstones.
Fantail
South Ockendon Windmill was winded by an eight-bladed fantail Final drive was a wooden worm gear driving onto cogs of pitch at the top of the smock.
Millers
William Eve 1820 – 1829
Thomas Banks 1845
Thomas Bennett Sturgeon 1848
Stephen Challis 1877
Smith c1877 – 1919
C and William Sturgeon 1912 – 1914
References
External links
Windmill World webpage on South Ockendon Mill
Towers completed in the 19th century
Industrial buildings completed in the 19th century
Smock mills in England
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Watermills in England
Windmills in Essex
Buildings and structures in Thurrock
Octagonal buildings in the United Kingdom
Buildings and structures demolished in 1977
Wewak Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Kambagora
02. Passam 2
03. Passam 1
04. Paliama
05. Passam 3
06. Marik
07. Kreer
10. Magon
12. Simbrangu
13. Suambakau
14. Hambraure
15. Mangrara
17. Yarapi
19. Numoikim
20. Urindogum
26. Pangaripma
83. Wewak Town
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
The median portion of the wall of the forebrain consists of a thin lamina, the lamina terminalis, which stretches from the interventricular foramen (Foramen of Monro) to the recess at the base of the optic stalk (optic nerve) and contains the vascular organ of the lamina terminalis, which regulates the osmotic concentration of the blood. The lamina terminalis is immediately anterior to the tuber cinereum; together they form the pituitary stalk.
The lamina terminalis can be opened via endoscopic neurosurgery in an attempt to create a path that cerebrospinal fluid can flow through when a person has hydrocephalus and when it is not possible to perform an Endoscopic third ventriculostomy, but the effectiveness of this technique is not certain.
This is the rostral end (tip) of the neural tube (embryological central nervous system) in the early weeks of development. Failure of the lamina terminalis to close properly at this stage of development will result in anencephaly or meroencephaly.
Additional images
See also
Hypothalamus
Vascular organ of lamina terminalis
Cistern of lamina terminalis
References
External links
Neuroanatomy
In organometallic chemistry, bent metallocenes are a subset of metallocenes. In bent metallocenes, the ring systems coordinated to the metal are not parallel, but are tilted at an angle. A common example of a bent metallocene is Cp2TiCl2. Several reagents and much research are based on bent metallocenes.
Synthesis
Like regular metallocenes, bent metallocenes are synthesized by a variety of methods but most typically by reaction of sodium cyclopentadienide with the metal halide. This method applies to the synthesis of the bent metallocene dihalides of titanium, zirconium, hafnium, and vanadium:
2 NaC5H5 + TiCl4 → (C5H5)2TiCl2 + 2 NaCl
In the earliest work in this area, Grignard reagents were used to deprotonate the cyclopentadiene.
Niobocene dichloride, featuring Nb(IV), is prepared via a multistep reaction that begins with a Nb(V) precursor:
NbCl5 + 6 NaC5H5 → 5 NaCl + (C5H5)4Nb + organic products
(C5H5)4Nb + 2 HCl + 0.5 O2) → [{C5H5)2NbCl}2O]Cl2 + 2 C5H6
2 HCl + [{(C5H5)2NbCl}2O]Cl2 + SnCl2 → 2 (C5H5)2NbCl2 + SnCl4 + H2O
Bent metallocene dichlorides of molybdenum and tungsten are also prepared via indirect routes that involve redox at the metal centres.
Structure and bonding
Bent metallocenes have idealized C2v symmetry. The non-Cp ligands are arrayed in the wedge area. For bent metallocenes with the formula Cp2ML2, the L-M-L angle depends on the electron count. In the d2-complex molybdocene dichloride (Cp2MoCl2) the Cl-Mo-Cl angle is 82°. In the d1 complex niobocene dichloride, this angle is more open at 85.6°. In the d0-complex zirconocene dichloride the angle is even more open at 92.1°. This trend reveals that the frontier orbital, which is dz2, is oriented in the MCl2 plane but does not bisect the MCl2 angle.
Reactivity
Salt metathesis reactions
Since bent metallocenes typically have other ligands, often halides, these additional sites are centers of reactivity. For example, reduction of zirconocene dichloride gives the corresponding hydrido chloride called Schwartz's reagent:
(C5H5)2ZrCl2 + 1/4 LiAlH4 → (C5H5)2ZrHCl + 1/4 "LiAlCl4"
This hydride reagent is useful for organic synthesis. Related titanium-based complexes Petasis reagent and Tebbe's reagent also feature bent metallocenes. Titanocene pentasulfide is used in research on polysulfur rings. Alkyne and benzyne derivatives of titanocene are reagents in organic synthesis.
Reactions of Cp rings
Although the Cp ligands are generally safely considered spectator ligands, they are not completely inert. For example, attempts to prepare titanocene by reduction of titanocene dichloride affords complexes of fulvalene ligands.
Bent metallocenes derived from pentamethylcyclopentadiene can undergo reactions involving the methyl groups. For example, decamethyltungstocene dihydride undergoes dehydrogenation to give the tuck-in complex.
The original example proceeded via sequential loss of two equivalents of H2 from decamethyltungstocene dihydride, Cp*2WH2. The first dehydrogenation step affords a simple tuck-in complex:
(C5Me5)2WH2 → (C5Me5)(C5Me3(CH2)2)W + 2 H2
Redox
When the non-Cp ligands are halides, these complexes undergo reduction to give carbonyl, alkene, and alkyne complexes that are useful reagents. A well-known example is titanocene dicarbonyl:
Cp2TiCl2 + Mg + 2 CO → Cp2Ti(CO)2 + MgCl2
Reduction of vanadocene dichloride gives vanadocene.
Olefin polymerization catalysis
Although bent metallocenes are of no commercial value as olefin polymerization catalysts, studies on these compounds were highly influential on the industrial processes. Already in 1957 there were reports on the polymerization of ethylene using a catalyst prepared from Cp2TiCl2 and trimethyl aluminium. Reactions involving the related Cp2Zr2Cl2/Al(CH3)3 system revealed the beneficial effects of trace amounts of water for ethylene polymerization. It is now known that the partially hydrolyzed organoaluminium reagent methylaluminoxane ("MAO") gives rise to families of highly active catalysts. Work in this are led to constrained geometry complexes, which are not bent metallocenes, but exhibit related structural features.
References
Further reading
,
.
Metallocenes
Catalysts
Rai Radio Tutta Italiana is a radio channel owned and produced by the Italian state-owned public-service broadcasting organization RAI.
Until 11 June 2017 it was known as Rai Radio 4 Light and broadcast continuous pop, rock, fusion, jazz, Latin American, movie soundtrack, melodic, and easy-listening orchestral music, without commercials. In the past it had also been known as Rai Radio FD4, FD Leggera, and IV Canale Filodiffusione. Since the name change on 12 June 2017 the channel has broadcast only Italian music.
Rai Radio Tutta Italiana is distributed on Filodiffusione – the cable radio system launched in 1958 by RAI and SIP, now Telecom Italia – and also broadcast digitally using terrestrial DAB (in Italy only) and DVB-T from the Eutelsat Hot Bird 6 satellite (which covers Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East).
Since July 2017 Rai Radio Tutta Italiana also broadcast on Rai GR Parlamento which has FM-coverage during hours when there is no political programming. When there is no political debatjes mostly from 21:00 till 07:00 hrs.
Earlier logos
External links
Official Site
Live Streaming
Cable radio
Free-to-air
Radio stations established in 1958
Radio stations in Italy
RAI radio stations
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1544.
Events
Summer – The engraver and publisher Cornelis Bos relocates from Antwerp to Paris, after becoming involved with an antisacerdotalist, free-thinking spiritualist sect. In their absence, they are declared to be exiled by the Council of Brabant.
December 31 – Eleven-year-old Princess Elizabeth of England presents their stepmother, Catherine Parr, with a manuscript book entitled The Miroir or Glasse of the Synneful Soul.
unknown dates
The University of Paris prohibits the printing of any book not approved by the appropriate University officials.
The first (partial) Latin translation of Achilles Tatius' Leucippe and Clitophon, made by Annibal della Croce (Crucejus), is published in Lyon.
New books
Prose
Cardinal John Fisher – Psalmi seu precationes (posthumous) in an anonymous English translation by its sponsor, Catherine Parr, queen of King Henry VIII of England
John Leland – Assertio inclytissimi Arturii regis Britanniae
Sebastian Münster – Cosmographia
Guillaume Postel – De orbis terrae concordia
Domingo de Vico – Los Proverbios de Salomón, las Epístolas y los Evangelios de todo el año, en lengua mexicana ("The Proverbs of Solomon, the Epistles and Gospels for the whole year, in the Mexican tongue"; later prohibited by the Spanish Inquisition)
Sefer HaYashar, printed in Venice
Michael Stifel – Arithmetica integra
Tripartito del Christianissimo y consolatorio doctor Juan Gerson, the first Mexican book with woodcut illustrations, published by Juan Pablos.
William Turner – Avium praecipuarum, quarum apud Plinium et Aristotelem mentio est, brevis et succincta historia (Brief and Succinct Account of Chief Birds Mentioned by Pliny and Aristotle; first English book devoted wholly to birds)
Vidus Vidius – Chirurgia
Poetry
See also 1544 in poetry
Clément Marot – Œuvres (definitive edition)
Births
May 24 – William Gilbert, astronomer and natural philosopher (died 1603)
Deaths
September 12 – Clément Marot, French poet (born 1496)
December – Denis Janot, French printer
Unknown dates
Pedro Damiano, Portuguese chess player and writer (born 1480)
Nilakantha Somayaji, Keralan mathematician and astronomer (born 1444)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Primrose Green is the second studio album by American musician Ryley Walker. It was released in March 2015 under Dead Oceans Records.
Reception
Accolades
Track listing
References
2015 albums
Dead Oceans albums
Ryley Walker albums
, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography
Gotō was a native of Takanashi Village in Senboku District, Akita (what is now the city of Daisen, Akita), and a graduate of the 37th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1909. After serving as a midshipman on the cruisers and they graduated from Naval Artillery School and Torpedo Warfare School in 1911, and served as a crewman on the cruisers , and from 1912-1914. As a lieutenant during World War I, they served on the battleship and cruiser , before receiving their first command, the destroyer on 26 April 1919. They subsequently commanded the destroyers and (as lieutenant commander) .
In January 1923, Gotō was reassigned to river gunboats, as captain of the , and , returning in December 1924 as captain of the destroyer , followed by the in 1925. They were promoted to commander on 1 December 1926.
After a brief period of shore duty, Gotō was given command of the destroyer in 1928, followed by the ; in December 1928 they were assigned as executive officer to the cruiser .
From December 1929, Gotō was assigned to command minesweeper flotillas and destroyer squadrons and was promoted to captain in December 1931. They were given command of the cruiser in November 1933, followed by the in November 1934, and the battleship in December 1936.
Gotō was promoted to rear admiral on 1 December 1937. During the Second Sino-Japanese War they commanded the 5th Torpedo Squadron, followed by the 2nd Torpedo Squadron. They were promoted to vice admiral on 15 October 1941.
World War II
By the outset of the war, Gotō commanded the 24th Air Flotilla. They took part in the battle for Wake Island, their bombers destroying several American aircraft on the ground on the first day of combat. But soon, their planes began to encounter fierce resistance and were only relieved by the arrival of Rear-Admiral Tamon Yamaguchi's relief force.
On February 1, 1942, while Gotō was in command of aircraft bases in the Marshall Islands and Gilbert Islands, the Allies launched the Marshalls–Gilberts raids in which Japanese positions in Micronesia were attacked by United States Navy aircraft primarily in an effort to boost American public morale. Although fewer than 18 Japanese aircraft were shot down or destroyed by bombs, Gotō came under criticism for their failure to shoot down the bombers. They were also the primary Japanese commander during the action off Bougainville on 20 February 1942 which resulted in the loss of 23 Japanese aircraft against only 2 Americans. Gotō was relieved of their combat command, and reassigned as commander of the Chinkai Guard District on 15 September 1942.
On 15 September 1944, Gotō was in command of the 12th Air Fleet, and concurrently was placed in command of the Ōminato Guard District from 15 February 1945; however, from 15 March, they were placed on the inactive list awaiting reassignment and resigned from active service on 21 May 1945.
Gotō died in 1967.
Notes
References
The Pacific War Online Encyclopedia
Further reading
The Marshall Islands by Gordon L. Rottman (2004)
1887 births
1967 deaths
People from Daisen, Akita
Japanese military personnel of World War I
Japanese admirals of World War II
Imperial Japanese Navy admirals
Military personnel from Akita Prefecture
Roach motel may mean:
A low-priced motel or comparable lodging facility, usually a considerably older property in disrepair, not affiliated with a major chain, and located in a decaying area of town
Roach Motel (1987 film), a 1987 British television film by Bryan Sinclair Morgan in the anthology series ScreenPlay
Roach Motel, a device used to catch cockroaches
Roach Motel, an alias of English electronic music duo Fire Island
In computing, a type of dark pattern deceptive user interface
Nové Mitrovice () is a village in Western Bohemia, in the Czech Republic. It has about 300 inhabitants. Located in southwestern part of Brdy mountains, ca. 30 km southeast of Pilsen (Czech: Plzeň), 562 meters above sea level. The village is surrounded by forested hills, namely Nad Maráskem (800 m.), Kokšín (684 m.) and Korálka (624 m.). Several water-streams join in the valley forming Mítovský potok that drains the area.
Demography
In 2001 the population of Nové Mitrovice stood at 337. The average age is 50 years. The population is declining (demographic maximum was reached in 1880 with the population 830) however the area of Nové Mitrovice and neighboring villages attracts substantial number of tourists, some of them reside here permanently or semi-permanently.
History
The settlement in area of what is now Nové Mitrovice started relatively late, probably in the 17th century. By 1626 a small hamlet called "Hutě" is mentioned here, consisting of merely 8 houses. The region around Nové Mitrovice was exploited for iron-ore and silver mining then. By 1708 the name of "Nové Mitrovice" is mentioned for the first time. The newly established village was owned by the family of Vratislavové z Mitrovic who further developed the mining and iron-processing industry, luring many immigrants (including those of German origin). In 1722-26 a chapel of St. Jan Nepomucký was built, in 1766 a new baroque church was consecrated. The economy of Nové Mitrovice gradually shifted from industry to crafts and agriculture (and services most recently). In the 20th century some of the neighboring villages came under the administration of Nové Mitrovice, namely Mítov, Nechanice and Planiny.
References
Villages in Plzeň-South District
Rongellen is a municipality in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, located in the Viamala Region.
History
Rongellen is first mentioned in 1344 as Rungal.
Geography
Rongellen has an area, , of . Of this area, 15.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while 63.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 5.4% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (16.2%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Schams sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It consists of scattered individual farm houses and small groups of houses in a clearing along the old Viamala road.
Demographics
Rongellen has a population (as of ) of . , 11.1% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -4.3%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 53.3% male and 46.7% female. The age distribution, , in Rongellen is; 2 people or 3.8% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 2 people or 3.8% are 10 to 14, and 11 people or 20.8% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 8 people or 15.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 7 people or 13.2% are 30 to 39, 5 people or 9.4% are 40 to 49, and 8 people or 15.1% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 2 people or 3.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 7 people or 13.2% are 70 to 79, there is 1 person or 1.9% who is 80 to 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 65.6% of the vote. The next two most popular parties were the FDP (11.1%) and the CVP (10%).
In Rongellen about 69.6% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Rongellen has an unemployment rate of 4.8%. , there were 3 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 1 business involved in this sector. No one is employed in the secondary sector and there are no businesses in this sector. 3 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 1 business in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks German (88.7%), with Romansh being second most common ( 9.4%) and Klaf being third (sdja%).
References
Municipalities of Graubünden
Saint Sinner is a superhero horror comic book series published by Marvel Comics' Razorline imprint that ran from 1993 to 1994. Created by filmmaker and horror/fantasy novelist Clive Barker as one of the imprint's four interconnected series, it starred Philip Fetter, a man possessed by both a demon and an angel.
Aside from the title, it is unrelated to the Barker-produced telefilm Saint Sinner.
Publication history
Created by filmmaker and horror/fantasy novelist Clive Barker, Saint Sinner was published for seven issues (cover-dated Oct. 1993 - April 1994). Written by Elaine Lee, it was drawn by Max Douglas for the first four issues. Richard Pace penciled issue #5, with inks by Douglas. Larry Brown drew the final two issues.
Lee also wrote a Saint Sinner prose short story in the final release of the Razorline imprint, Ectokid Unleashed (Oct. 1994), a 48-page one-shot starring the title character of another Razorline comic.
Clive Barker called Saint Sinner "just a wild one, the series which hopefully will press the limits of what comics can do".
Fictional character biography
Saint Sinner centered on Philip Fetter, a man possessed by both a demon and an angel. With the ability to evolve or regress anyone from superhuman to primal beast, Fetter travels the world changing lives.
References
External links
Saint Sinner at the Unofficial Handbook of Marvel Comics Creators. Archived from the original on October 23, 2015.
Saint Sinner at CliveBarker.com (unofficial site). Archived from the original on October 23, 2015.
Saint Sinner at An International Catalogue of Superheroes. Archived from the original on October 23, 2015.
1993 comics debuts
Marvel Comics titles
Marvel Comics superheroes
Superhero horror comics
is a Japanese media project within the SD Gundam franchise produced between 1989 and 1990, centered on Bandai's plamo and Carddass trading cards. A manga drawn by Ryuuichi Hoshino and an anime adaptation of said manga by Sunrise were also released. It is the first work of the Knight Gundam series.
Overview
Based on illustrations of a knight-style SD Gundam by Koji Yokoi, SD Gundam Gaiden features fantasy Japanese role-playing game styled visuals and storytelling, similar to the Dragon Quest franchise by Enix.
Characters are based on characters and mecha from Mobile Suit Gundam, Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam, Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ, Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack and Mobile Suit Gundam 0080: War in the Pocket.
Story
The story is set in the mystical land of Lacroa, where humans and robot knights live together. The main character is Knight Gundam, a noble warrior with no memory of their past. Knight Gundam clashes many times with the evil Satan Gundam. Knight Gundam ultimately learns that their amnesia is due to themselves and Devil Satan Gundam originally having been a single Gundam before splitting in two.
Chapters
Lacroan Hero
The Devil Satan Gundam appeared with the aim to conquer the peaceful Saddrac World. In order to rescue the world from threat of the devil, Lacroa's hero Knight Gundam stood up against Satan Gundam.
The Legendary Giant
With Satan Gundam defeated the group returns to Lacroa to find Lacroa destroyed by a new threat, the legendary giant. The group set off again to defeat the legendary giant.
Algus Knights
Amuro who left Lacroa for training becomes the leader of the Algus Knights, a group of knights which is breaking apart without leadership. The new Algus Knights stand up against the Munzo Empire which is under influence of the Zeon race.
The Knight of Flash
With power of the Harp of Guidance, Knight Gundam and the Algus Knights are transported to the reverse of Saddrac World - the Moore dimension. There the final battle with Zeon race mastermind Sieg Zion and the resurrected Black Dragon unfolds.
Characters
Lacroa Kingdom
Knight Gundam/ Vassal knight Gundam (騎士ガンダム/バーサル騎士ガンダム)
Knight of the Gundam Clan. A mysterious knight with the same name as the legendary hero who comes to help Princess Frau to suppress Satan Gundam. Theirs is actually a fragment of Superior Dragon.
The original setting is that Gundam Mark Three from the Musha Gundam world who was running from their pursuers as they have stolen the Platina Shield when they were struck by lightning and transported to Saddrac World where their good half became Knight Gundam (and bad half Satan Gundam). That setting clashed with the explanation of Superior Dragon and was thought to be ignored but it was later fixed by saying that Satan Gundam fused with a dragon on arrival at Saddrac World.
Throughout the story Knight Gundam underwent two appearance change. One is the Fullarmor Knight Gundam which is Knight Gundam equipped with the sacred armor of the Gundam Clan. Another is the Vessal Knight Gundam which is Knight Gundam in a completely new set of armour.
Knight Superior Dragon (騎士スペリオルドラゴン)
The guardian god of the Saddrac World. Formed by the fusion of Vessal Knight Gundam and Neo Black Dragon on realizing that they originated from a single being. A reappearing character in the Knight Gundam series.
Knight Amuro (騎士アムロ)
A young knight of the Lacroa Knights. Fought with Knight Gundam against Satan Gundam's troops. In "Algus Knights", they took over as leader of the Algus Knights replacing Knight Alex who was trapped by the enemy. In "knight of Light", they became the Lacroa Knights leader. Following that they made appearances in Seikihei Monogatari and Kikoushin Densetsu.
In the beginning their armour resembled the Federation suit in Mobile Suit Gundam then they changed to one modelled after Dijeh in "Algus Knights" then in Seikihei Monogatari to one resembling Nu Gundam.
Fighter Guncannon (戦士ガンキャノン)
Fighter of the Lacroa Knights. In "The legendary giant" their body was possessed and taken over by Black Dragon.
Priest Guntank (僧侶ガンタンク)
A priest of the Lacroa Kingdom.
Elf GM Sniper Custom (妖精ジムスナイパーカスタム)
An elf whom Knight Gundam's party met in the forest. An expert archer, they protect the forest. Later on they appeared again in Gold Saga.
Martial Artist Nemo (武闘家ネモ)
Martial artist of the Lacroa Knights. Appeared in "The legendary giant". An active character in both the manga and games.
Knight Sayla (騎士セイラ)
A female Lacroan knight. Them family had protected the Three Sacred Instruments for generations, during their duty they were cursed by the Zeon Clan and turned into a Slime Adzam. On defeating Sorceress Lalah, the curse was broken and they returned to normal. Them brother is Knight Char.
Mystery Knight Char/ Golden Knight (謎の騎士シャア/黄金の騎士)
A knight serving neither the Union Clan nor the Zeon Clan.  They are journeying in search of their missing sister and a way to break the curse cast upon hem by the Zeons. In "The legendary giant", they changed their appearance to the Golden Knight and helped Knight Gundam's party. In "Knight of Light", they used the crystal of Psycho Golem to enter the Moore dimension and suppressed Sieg Zion with the Spirit of Psycho Golem allowing Superior Dragon time to form their attack. Later on appeared as Tactician Quattro in Seikihei Monogatari and in Kikoushin Densetsu in both they belong to the Neo Zeon Clan.
Princess Frau (フラウ姫)
Princess of the Lacroa Kingdom. On their way to see the fallen star they were attacked by a monster and was saved by the amnesic Knight Gundam. To repay the rescue, Frau invited their saviour to the palace. There their father was shocked to hear that Frau's saviour has the same name as the legendary hero.
King Revil (レビル王)
King of Lacroa. Presented the title of "Knight" to the amnesic Gundam who holds the same name as the legendary hero and entrusted the future of Saddrac World to him. When the legendary giant destroyed Lacroa, the shock drove them insane. Later when Lacroa is restored they presented the title "Vassal Knight" to Knight Gundam.
Pegasus Whitebase (天馬ホワイトベース)
Knight Amuro's holy flying horse.
GM Henson family (町人ジムヘンソン一家)
A family living in Lacroa. When the giant attacked the family was shifted to the Stone Fort in the desert.
Fairy Kikka (妖精キッカ)
A fairy that knows the secrets of the legendary giant. Able to summon the Bow and Arrow of Light.
Algus Kingdom
Swordsman Zeta (剣士ゼータ)
Leader of the Algus Knights horseback team. Rides on their horse, Argama. A swift worker, always the first to take action. They believe that the human Amuro can be a good leader for the Algus Knights.
Warrior Double Zeta (闘士ダブルゼータ)
Leader of the Algus Knights warrior team.
Wizard Nu (法術士ニュー)
Leader of the Algus Knights magic team. The only one in the Gundam Clan that is able to use magic. At first they refuse to let a human be the leader but later sees Amuro's spirit and accepted Amuro as leader.
Knight Alex (騎士アレックス)
The leader of the Algus Knights before Amuro. Captured by the Munzo Empire, resumed leadership after being freed.
Prince Kamille (カミーユ王子)
Prince of the Algus Kingdom, likes Princess Yuiry of the Munzo Empire.
King Blex (ブレックス王)
King of the Algus Kingdom.
Zeon Clan
Dark Emperor Sieg Zeon (闇の皇帝ジークジオン)
The emperor of the Zeon Clan. Appears as a floating emblem outside the Moore dimension. Their true form is that of a mutated Zakurelo Cat. Returns as evil mastermind in Kikoushin Densetsu.
Devil Satan Gundam/ Monster Black Dragon/ Neo Black Dragon (魔王サタンガンダム/モンスター ブラックドラゴン/ネオブラックドラゴン)
The devil that plans to take over Saddrac World. They were killed by Knight Gundam, who had attained the power of the stone tablet and the three sacred instruments, using the Sword of Flame. Their body fell into a volcano but their soul took over Guncannon and later fused with Dragon Baby and the Sword of Flame to be resurrected as Neo Black Dragon.
 They are truly half of Superior Dragon. The early setting indicates that they are the product of the evil part of Musha Mark Three that fused with a dragon. In other words Superior Dragon is Musha Mark Three fused with a dragon.
Dragon Baby (ドラゴンベビー)
A miniature version of Black Dragon that calls Black Dragon their father. Fell into the volcano together with the body of Black Dragon. Later returned with the resurrected Neo Black Dragon.
Knight Sazabi (騎士サザビー)
Aide of Satan Gundam.
Sorcerer Messala (呪術士メッサーラ)
Plans to take over Saddrac World by awakening the legendary giant.
High Priest Makube Katze (神官マクベ・カッツェ)
Plans to take over Saddrac World by awakening the legendary giant.
Giant Psycho Golem (巨人サイコゴーレム)
The legendary giant who caused destruction to the world at one time. It was revived with Sieg Zion's power. Originally it has a kind heart and does not like to fight.
Giant Mud Golem (巨人マッドゴーレム)
Fake giants the Zeon Clan built. Mud copies of Psycho Golem.
Fighter Dreissen (闘士ドライセン)
One of the Zeon Three Demons. Holds the Dragon Shield.
Knight Bawoo (騎士バウ)
One of the Zeon Three Demons. Holds the Owl Staff.
Sorcerer Qubeley/ Monster Medusa Qubeley (呪術士キュベレイ/モンスター メデューサキュベレイ)
One of the Zeon Three Demons. Holds the Lion Axe.
Monster The O Dante (モンスター ジオダンテ)
A monster that transformed from the throne of Munzo. It was controlling King Conscon.
Munzo Empire
King Conscon (コンスコン王)
King of the Munzo Empire. Taken in by the Zeon Clan and under control by The O Dante.
Princess Yuiry (ユイリィ姫)
Princess of the Munzo Empire. Likes Prince Kamille of Algus Kingdom.
Anime adaptation
A four-episode OVA adaptation, titled , was released in 1990 as part of the Mobile Suit SD Gundam series. The OVA features the same voice actors voicing the characters that is based on their character in the mainstream Gundam series.
Game
SD Gundam Gaiden Lacroan Heroes (Game Boy)
SD Gundam Gaiden Knight Gundam Monogatari (Famicom)
SD Gundam Gaiden Knight Gundam Monogatari 2 Knight of Light (Famicom)
Manga series
SD Gundam
Video games developed in Japan
In mathematics, a -space is a topological space that satisfies a certain a basic selection principle.
An infinite cover of a topological space is an -cover if every finite subset of this space is contained in some member of the cover, and the whole space is not a member the cover. A cover of a topological space is a -cover if every point of this space belongs to all but finitely many members of this cover.
A -space is a space in which every open -cover contains a -cover.
History
Gerlits and Nagy introduced the notion of γ-spaces. They listed some topological properties and enumerated them by Greek letters. The above property was the third one on this list, and therefore it is called the γ-property.
Characterizations
Combinatorial characterization
Let be the set of all infinite subsets of the set of natural numbers. A set is centered if the intersection of finitely many elements of is infinite. Every set we identify with its increasing enumeration, and thus the set we can treat as a member of the Baire space . Therefore, is a topological space as a subspace of the Baire space . A zero-dimensional separable metric space is a γ-space if and only if every continuous image of that space into the space that is centered has a pseudointersection.
Topological game characterization
Let be a topological space. The -has a pseudo intersection if there is a set game played on is a game with two players Alice and Bob.
1st round: Alice chooses an open -cover of . Bob chooses a set .
2nd round: Alice chooses an open -cover of . Bob chooses a set .
etc.
If is a -cover of the space , then Bob wins the game. Otherwise, Alice wins.
A player has a winning strategy if they know how to play in order to win the game (formally, a winning strategy is a function).
A topological space is a -space iff Alice has no winning strategy in the -game played on this space.
Properties
A topological space is a γ-space if and only if it satisfies selection principle.
Every Lindelöf space of cardinality less than the pseudointersection number is a -space.
Every -space is a Rothberger space, and thus it has strong measure zero.
Let be a Tychonoff space, and be the space of continuous functions with pointwise convergence topology. The space is a -space if and only if is Fréchet–Urysohn if and only if is strong Fréchet–Urysohn.
Let be a subset of the real line, and be a meager subset of the real line. Then the set is meager.
References
General topology
Nuozhadu () is a town in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2017 census it had a population of 30,419 and an area of .
Administrative division
As of 2016, the town is divided into ten villages:
Yaofangba ()
Yakou ()
Nanxian ()
Huangbahe ()
Mengkuang ()
Xiangshuihe ()
Biandanshan ()
Longshan ()
Luoshuidong ()
Qianmai ()
History
In the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), it came under the jurisdiction of Dayakou Tusi ().
In 1940, it belonged to the 3rd District. That same year, the 3rd District was revoked and it belonged to Xinya Township ().
In 1949, it came under the jurisdiction of Ningjiang County (). In 1953, Ningjiang County was revoked and Yakou District () was set up. In 1969 it was renamed "Xianfeng Commune" () and then "Yakou Commune" () in 1971. In 1988, Yakou Township () was incorporated. In 1998, China and the Netherlands have set up "Nuozhadu Provincial Nature Reserve" in the region to protect wild animal. In January 2006, the villages of Longshan (), Qianmai () and Luoshuidong () were merged into Nuozhadu and it was upgraded to a town.
Geography
The town is situated at eastern Lancang Lahu Autonomous County. It borders Nanling Township and Qianliu Yi Ethnic Township in the north, in the east, Fazhanhe Hani Ethnic Township and Menghai County in the south, and Menglang Town in the west.
The town experiences a subtropical mountain monsoon climate, with an average annual temperature of , total annual rainfall of , a frost-free period of 326 days, and annual average sunshine hours in 2100 hours.
There are nine rivers and streams in the town, such as the Black River (), Qianmai River (), Nanting River (), and Xiangshui River ().
Economy
The economy of the town has a predominantly agricultural orientation, including farming and pig-breeding. Economic crops are mainly peanut, sugarcane, natural rubber, Lanxangia tsaoko, and sweet potato.
The region abounds with gold, lead, and zinc.
Demographics
As of 2017, the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the town's population now to be 30,419.
Tourist attractions
Mengkuang Cliff Carvings of the Yuan dynasty (1271–1368) () is a provincial cultural relic preservation organ. And Yakou Government Site () is a county level cultural relic preservation organ.
Transportation
The National Highway G214 passes across the town east to west.
References
Bibliography
Towns of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Endy Semeleer (born 18 November 1995) is a Dutch kickboxer who competes in the welterweight division of Glory. A professional competitor since 2011, Semeleer is the former Enfusion Welterweight, 72.5 kg and 75 kg champion.
 They are ranked as the fifth best welterweight in the world by Combat Press as of September 2022, and the fourth best by Beyond Kick as of October 2022. Semeleer has been continually ranked in the Combat Press top ten since January 2018.
Kickboxing career
Early career
In 2016 Endy participated in an eight-man King of the Ring tournament. Following a flying knee win over Nicky Lopez and a TKO win over Marcel Verhaar, Semeleer faced Robert Siebenheller in the final match of the tournament. They won the fight by a first round knockout.
Enfusion
The following year, they were signed with Enfusion. They achieved a four fight winning streak with the organization, with decision wins over Bilal Loukili and Regilio van den Ent, as well as KO wins over Hamed Nabil and Jordan Watson. This earned them a spot in the Enfusion Eight Man Tournament. In the quarter final bout they scored a third round TKO wins over Diogo Calado, and in the semi finals a decision win over Mohamed Khamal. In the finals of the tournament, Endy faced the kickboxing and muay thai legend Superbon Banchamek. Semeleer won the fight by a unanimous decision, winning the tournament and €100 000 in prize money. Combat Press gave this fight their "Upset of the Year" award.
In 2018 they won the Enfusion 75 kg World title with a unanimous decision win over Aziz Kallah. In the same year they participated in another Enfusion tournament, winning the quarter final bout against Marouan Toutouh, but being forced to withdraw due to an injury.
In February 2019, Semeleer attempted to become a two weight world champion, by challenging the reigning 72.5 kg champion Tayfun Özcan. Semeleer suffered the first loss of their professional career, dropping a decision to the Dutch fighter.
They made their first title defense by winning a rematch against Marouan Toutouh.
Semeleer once again attempted to capture the 72.5 kg World title at Enfusion 98, being scheduled to face Nordin van Roosmalen. Endy scored an early knockdown in round 1, after landing a knee to Nordin's head. They dominated the remaining four rounds as well, and won the fight by a unanimous decision.
Semeleer was scheduled to fight the two-time Dutch kickboxing champion Kevin Hessling on September 11, 2021, at the Enfusion's Nijmegen event. They won the fight by a first-round knockout.
Semeleer was scheduled to face Jay Overmeer for the inaugural Enfusion World Welterweight (-77kg) Championship at Enfusion #104 on November 12, 2021. They won the fight by unanimous decision.
Glory
On April 21, 2022, it was announced that Semeleer had signed with Glory. Semeleer was expected to make their debut against Harut Grigorian at Glory Rivals 1 on May 21, 2022. The event was later postponed, as The Lotto Arena announced that their cooperation with the Antwerp Fight Organisation had been terminated due to various administrative reasons.
Semeleer was expected to face Robin Ciric in the main event of Glory Rivals 2 on July 25, 2022. Ciric withdrew from the fight in August 29, after contracting COVID-19, and was replaced by Shkodran Veseli. Semeleer won the fight by third-round knockout.
Semeleer faced the second-ranked Glory welterweight contender Alim Nabiev for the vacant Glory Welterweight Championship at Glory 82 on November 19, 2022.
Titles
Enfusion
2017 Enfusion Abu Dhabi: 8-Man Tournament Winner
2018 Enfusion 75 kg World Champion (1 Defense)
2020 Enfusion 72.5 kg World Champion
2021 Enfusion 77 kg World Champion
King of the Ring
2016 King of the Ring 8-Man Tournament Winner
Combat Press
2017 Upset of the Year Award
Kickboxing record
|- style="background:#;"
| 2022-11-19 || ||align=left| Alim Nabiev || Glory 82 || Bonn, Germany || || ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 2022-09-17 || Win ||align=left| Shkodran Veseli || Glory Rivals 2 || Alkmaar, Netherlands || KO (Right hook) || 3 || 1:05
|-
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 2021-11-12 || Win ||align=left| Jay Overmeer || Enfusion #104 || Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 2021-09-05 || Win ||align=left| Kevin Hessling || Enfusion #102 || Alkmaar, Netherlands || KO (Left hook) || 1 || 1:05
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 2020-10-03 || Win ||align=left| Nordin van Roosmalen || Enfusion #98 || Alkmaar, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) ||5 ||3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2019-10-26 || Win ||align=left| Davide Armanini || Enfusion #89 || Wuppertal, Germany|| TKO (Punches) || 3 ||
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2019-06-08 || Win ||align=left| Marouan Toutouh || Enfusion #85 || Groningen, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2019-02-23 || Loss||align=left| Tayfun Özcan|| Enfusion Live 79|| Eindhoven, Netherlands || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2018-12-07 || Win ||align=left| Marouan Toutouh || Enfusion Live 76 - 72.5kg 8 Man Tournament, Quarter Finals || Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|
|- align="center" bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2018-10-27 || Win ||align=left| Aziz Kallah || Enfusion 73 || Oberhausen, Germany || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2018-06-23 || Win ||align=left| Paul Jensen || Enfusion 69 || Netherlands || TKO (Doctor Stoppage/Cut) || 2 || 0:52
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2018-05-12 || Win ||align=left| Nordin Ben-Moh || Enfusion 67 || The Hague, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2018-03-09 || Win ||align=left| Redouan Laarkoubi || Enfusion Live || Abu Dhabi, UAE || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2017-12-08 || Win ||align=left| Superbon Banchamek || Enfusion Live 59: Final || Abu Dhabi, UAE || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2017-12-08 || Win ||align=left| Mohamed Khamal || Enfusion Live 59: Semi Finals || Abu Dhabi, UAE || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2017-12-08 || Win ||align=left| Diogo Calado || Enfusion Live 59: Quarter Finals || Abu Dhabi, UAE || TKO || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2017-11-11 || Win ||align=left| Jordan Watson || Enfusion Live 55 Final 16|| Amsterdam, Netherlands || TKO || 4 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2017-09-16 || Win ||align=left| Regilio van den Ent || Enfusion Live 52 || Zwolle, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2017-05-06 || Win ||align=left| Martin Hiffens || Battle Events || Amersfoort, Netherlands || KO (Stoppage Time) || 3 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2017-03-24 || Win ||align=left| Hamed Nabil || Enfusion Live 48 || Abu Dhabi, UAE || TKO (Surrender) || 1 ||
|-
|- style="background:#CCFFCC"
| 2017-02-18 || Win ||align=left| Bilal Loukili || Enfusion Live 46 || Eindhoven, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-10-30 || Win ||align=left| Robert Siebenheller || King of the Ring IV: Final || Arnhem, Netherlands || KO (Stoppage Time) || 1 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-10-30 || Win ||align=left| Marcel Verhaar || King of the Ring IV: Semi Finals || Arnhem, Netherlands || TKO (Surrender) || 1 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-10-30 || Win ||align=left| Nicky Lopez || King of the Ring IV: Quarter Finals || Arnhem, Netherlands || KO (Knee to the head) || 1 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-09-24 || Win ||align=left| William Diender || Battle Events || Arnhem, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) || 4 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-04-11 || Win ||align=left| Leroy Kaestner || Battle Events || Arnhem, Netherlands || TKO (Doctor stoppage) || 1 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-02-20 || Win ||align=left| Joey Huis || Fighting Network Rings || Mijdrecht, Netherlands || TKO (Doctor stoppage || 5 ||
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
See also
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Dutch male kickboxers
Curaçao male kickboxers
Welterweight kickboxers
Dutch people of Curaçao descent
People from Willemstad
William Guy Lovell (born 16 February 1969) is a former English cricketer.
Born at Whitehaven, Lovell made a single appearance in List A cricket for Essex against Lancashire at Old Trafford in the 1991 Refuge Assurance League. They aren't called upon to bat during the match, but did bowl six wicketless overs. Two years later they played minor counties cricket for Cumberland, making two appearances in the Minor Counties Championship. They later played one match for the Lancashire Cricket Board in the 1998 Minor Counties Knockout Trophy.
After their brief playing career, Lovell became a plumber in Lancashire. Alongside Don Topley, they later alleged that the match they played in between Lancashire and Essex was fixed.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Whitehaven
English cricketers
Essex cricketers
Cumberland cricketers
Lancashire Cricket Board cricketers
Pewar its 16 km far from the capital city Parachinar of Kurram Agency, and the one of the village near to parachinar Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. Pewar is situated on a neck of Pakistani territory south of Peshawar, that juts into Paktia Province of Afghanistan. It is the closest point in Pakistan to Kabul and borders on the Tora Bora region of Afghanistan. Turi, Bangash, Orakzai, Zazai (Jaji), Mangal and Para Tsamkani are the major tribes in Pewar, Parachinar. Pewar has four seasons. Pewar is known for its fresh fruits, fresh vegetables and snowfall.
History
The name Pewar may derive from Pashto word pawar which mean one by one people come to protect that area which is located too near the border to Afghanistan. The previous name, used for pawar was Tutki, which is still used by some Afghan people. The inhabitants of Tutki were called Tutkiwal.
Parachinar originated as a summer residence for nomadic tribes who wintered their livestock at lower altitudes, and the district had originally been a summer residence for Moghul emperors from Delhi. The Pewar region was part of Durrani empire before the Second Afghan War of 1878–79, but was not firmly annexed by the British until 1892. During the colonial era and 1947, Parachinar became a hill station for people from Peshawar; as it is relatively cool in the summer and very easy to reach from the plains despite its high altitude since there are no steep ascents on the route from Peshawar.
Because of its proximity to the border of Afghanistan, in recent years, the economy of Parachinar has been adversely affected, with tourism in steep decline.
Climate
Pewar has a moderate humid subtropical climate with much higher rainfall and sownfall than most areas of Pakistan. Although the city's southeasterly aspect relative to the valley in which it is situated allows it to receive on occasions significant monsoon rainfall, the most frequent source of rain is western depressions and related thunderstorms. During the winter, snowfall is common, and frosts occur on most mornings. Snow closes the Peiwar Pass, located on the Paktia border just over 20 km west of Parachinar, for up to five months per year. Pewar is 16:km from Parachinar. Parachinar is the main city of kurram agency FATA.
Schools
Notable schools in Pewar are Government high school Pewar, Government girls high school Pewar, Pewar Children Academy and Community Model high school.
Rest houses
Circuit House
Chapri Rest House (Approx 9,941 feet High)
Malana dam rest house
See also
Parachinar Airport
List of airports in Pakistan
Battle of Tora Bora
Kurram Agency War April 2007
Tari Mangal
References
Populated places in Kurram District
Durand Line
Wars involving the Taliban
Iordache Cuparencu (born 1780 in Călinești (Șerbăuți), Suceava; died 1844 in Warsaw) was a Romanian circus artist, aeronautics pioneer, engineer and theatre manager of Moldavian-Romanian descent.
Life
Early life
Iordache Cuparencu (Cuparentco, in the Polish newspapers: Jordaki Kuparentko/Kupareńko, or as in their autographs - Kuparenko) was born in 1784 in the vicinity of Iasi into a wealthy family. According to Orgelbrand's Encyclopedia (1864), tired of being bullied by their brothers, they left their family in 1798, working as a decorator artist at the theatre in Iasi. Around 1800, they joined J. Kolter's French traveling circus that was performing in Moldavia at the time. During the tour they fell in love with the owner's daughter, whom they married in 1804. Cuparencu become a co-owner of the circus troupe, although the couple divorced in 1808. While touring in Poland, they fell from a height during a tightrope act and broke their leg severely. It turned out to be the end of their professional career as a stunt performer and tied them to Warsaw for the rest of their life, although they were an active entrepreneur of the circus later on.
Engineering and aeronautics career
Soon after a partial recovery from the accident, Cuparencu found their new venture, engineering, and experimented with constructing and piloting hot air balloons, taking inspiration from successes heard from abroad. The first two of their designs were made partly of paper; between 1806 and 1808 they flew publicly three times over Warsaw and Vilnius, rousing public interest. Despite some dangerous accidents, their flights were a commercial success, drawing large audiences and earning them recognition as an inventor. In fact, during their very first public balloon launch in June 1806, the balloon burst into flames at the height of a church tower; they saved themselves by descending quickly and landing safely in Warsaw's Krakowskie Przedmieście. Their second flight on 6 December 1806 in Vilnius, using the same type of construction, passed without incident despite strong winds, achieving a "high altitude" and a distance of 1.5 "miles" long (which could be up to 13 km, if interpreted as contemporary Polish miles). During their third flight on 24 July 1808, which started at 8 p.m., they used a new, fully fledged balloon construction, "having spared no expense or effort", as they claimed in the event's poster. Although ticketed, the flight was also of a scientific nature, and they carried out some meteorological measurements with equipment delivered from Warsaw. The experiment showed 3,882 French feet (1,320 meters) in height and a temperature of "several degrees" [Celsius], "so the observer [Mr. Cuparencu] felt cold", while the temperature of the air near the ground was reported as 23 degrees Celsius. According to the official poster, a sample of air was planned to be taken. The flight was successful but also featured an emergency landing, as a sudden, strong wind started to tear the balloon apart only minutes after the favorable conditions that had enabled data to be collected. The balloon then began to fall and eventually ignited near the ground. Nevertheless, Cuparencu did not leave the basket and landed safely near Warsaw's Powązki Cemetery, after a flight of less than 15 minutes, with the bottom of the basket serving as a parachute. They were assisted by two French bystanders and transported in good health back to the city, much to the excitement and relief of their audience. Cuparencu and these incidents are now listed in the Guinness World Records as the first survivor of an air crash and the first successful use of a parachute in action.
Puppet theatre and other activities
One of Cuparencu's other great interests was the art of puppeteering. From 1816 they were known as a theatre owner and manager, establishing their headquarters four times in different places in Warsaw, one of them in the chambers of the National Theatre. The first of their creations was a shadow theatre, the first permanent theatre of this kind in Warsaw. They constructed and managed a mechanized puppet theatre named Pitoresque, which officially premiered in 1830 (upgraded in 1842), and was well received in the city; it was even exhibited in Paris. It also featured optical-mechanical illusions, where the visitor could witness dioramas and panoramic "pictures of diverse places". According to a 19th-century encyclopedia, "sunsets, sun in the midday, sundowns and nights were witnessed", accompanied by realistic sound effects, such as thunder and rain.
Cuparencu was also a Polish army soldier since 1811, reaching the rank of a lieutenant (of the artillery); they spent the rest of their life in Poland. Among their other inventions were:
A barrel organ, consisting of 27 brass trumpets that played arranged music, including fragments from the opera Der Freischütz by Karl Maria von Weber.
During one of their ticketed exhibitions they demonstrated their repeating gun, which they described as "a gun that, after one loading, shoots 10 times". It is sometimes seen as a prototype of the machine gun.
In 1808 they married for the second time with Anna Henrtietta Teiflin, the daughter of the owner of the Heca amphitheatre; they subsequently took over management of the theatre, and eventually bought it in 1821. Their biography is listed in the first edition of Polish encyclopedia by Samuel Orgelbrand. Iordache Cuparencu is buried at the Orthodox Cemetery in Warsaw.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20101204030949/http://utcluj.ro/download/doctorat/Rezumat%26Ioan_Buiu.pdf
People from Iași
1784 births
1844 deaths
Aviation inventors
Polish inventors
Balloonists of the Russian Empire
Puppeteers
Emigrants from the Ottoman Empire to the Russian Empire
Boris Sokoloff (1889–1979) was a Russian Empire and later French politician, medical doctor, soldier, cancer researcher, and author.
Political career
After graduating from the University of St. Petersburg, Sokoloff helped draft the All-Russian Constitution that governed the Russian Constituent Assembly, the legislative body that would ultimately be overthrown by the All-Russian Central Executive Committee led by Lenin. They were sentenced to death, but survived and escaped from Russia. In 1956, Sokoloff published The White Nights: Pages From a Russian Doctor's Notebook, a memoir of their participation in the failed effort to stop the rise of the Bolsheviks in Russia.
Medical career
Sokoloff began their career as a doctor and medical researcher, publishing their first medical study at just seventeen. After escaping Russia,
Sokoloff moved to Paris. At the invitation of the Rockefeller Institute, they relocated to the United States, where they worked at the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, the University of Washington Cancer Research Center, and the Cancer Research Laboratory at Florida Southern College.
References
External links
Boris Sokoloff on goodreads.com
Boris Sokoloff on WorldCat
1893 births
1979 deaths
Politicians of the Russian Empire
Imperial Russian Army personnel
White Russian emigrants to France
French emigrants to the United States
Cruces () is a municipality and town in Cienfuegos Province, Cuba. It is the home of the Mal Tiempo National Park which commemorates a battle in the 1895 War of Independence.
History
The town was founded in 1852 in a place known as Sabana de Ibarra. The construction of a railway between Cienfugos Province and Villa Clara began in 1848, causing an economic boom and the expansion of the town. The railway reached the town in 1855.There were five sugar mills in the vicinity of Cruces, known by the traditional names San Francisco, Andreita, Santa Catalina, Caracas and Hormiguero.
The Battle of Bad Weather
The town is noted for the Battle of Bad Weather (La Batalla de Mal Tiempo), in which Cuban rebels (Mambises) fought Spanish colonialists during the Cuban War of Independence. On December 15, 1895, Cuban rebels engaged Spanish troops near the town of Cruces in the sugar fields of the Mal Tiempo (Bad Weather) sugar mill, setting fire to the sugarcane fields and charging the Spanish with machetes. The Cuban Liberation Army reported four of their own dead and as many wounded, while claiming to have inflicted "about 200" casualties on the enemy. The Cuban forces also captured 150 Mauser and 60 Remington rifles, six boxes of ammunition, horses, mules, first aid supplies, and the flags and documents of the Spanish forces.
Monument and Park
In 1909, a monument was commissioned to mark the location of the mass grave of Spanish and Cuban casualties of the Battle of Bad Weather. As part of the construction of the monument, the Spanish and Cuban casualties were to be exhumed, identified, and later re-buried. The bodies of 79 Spaniards and seven Cubans were exhumed, with the bodies re-interred within the base of the monument, visible through a glass viewing portal on the monument itself.
The monument was completed in 1910, with a park constructed around the monument in 1950. In 1963, the monument was destroyed, but was reconstructed "as closely as possible to the original" in 1965. The monument was declared a National Monument in October 1978, along with four other monuments within the province of Cienfuegos. The glass viewing portal was replaced with an opaque marble cover in preparation for becoming a National Monument.
An inscription on the rebuilt monument reads
"En este histórico lugar, el 15 de diciembre de 1895 Nuestro ejército libertador al mando de los generales Antonio Maceo y Máximo Gómez, derrotó las fuerzas españolas en batalla decisiva demostrándose una vez más el arrojo, valentía y firmeza de nuestros heroicos mambises."Quien intente apoderarse de Cuba, recogerá el polvo de su suelo anegado en sangre, si no perece en la lucha" - Antonio Maceo
This inscription translates loosely to "In this historic place on December 15, 1895, the liberator and general Antonio Maceo y Máximo Gómez defeated the forces of the Spanish in a decisive battle, demonstrating once again the courage, bravery, and steadfastness of our heroic Mambises. 'Whoever tries to seize Cuba will cover the soil with their blood, if not perish in the fight'." - Antonio Maceo
Industry
The principal industry of the town is the refinement of sugar. The nearby Mal Tiempo (previously "Andreita") sugar mill remains active, while the Marta Abreu (previously "San Francisco") sugar mill was put into "reserve" status by the Cuban government under the 2002 restructure of the country's sugar-producing industry.
The Municipality of Cruces contains 2 Companies, 3 State Economic Organizations, 6 Budged Units, 3 Agricultural Production Cooperatives, 6 Cooperatives of Credits and Services, 5 Basic Units of Cooperative Production, and 14 Establishments. Located in the town are the Marta Abreu pasta factory and the Cubasol cookie factory.
Geography
The municipality is divided into the barrios of Estrada Palma, Mal Tiempo, Marta and Monte Cristo. It is located in the northwestern part of the province of Cienfugos, bounded on the north by Ranchuelo, on the south by Palmira, on the East by Cumanayagua, and on the west with Lajás. The Caonao River flows through the eastern portion of the municipality.
Topographically, the land is mostly flat with some small hills, such as the hills of La Rioja and Andreita.
Demographics
In 2004, the municipality of Cruces had a population of 32,139. With a total area of , it has a population density of .
Education
Education was provided by two Catholic Schools and several public schools for the Grammar Levels. One High School was home to roughly 800 students. Higher education was conducted in Cienfuegos or Santa Clara, distant 11 and respectively.
Notable people
Martin Dihigo (1906-1971), Negro league baseball player, nickname The Immortal . Member Baseball Hall of Fame. Cooperstown
José Abreu (baseball) (born 1987), baseball player
See also
Municipalities of Cuba
List of cities in Cuba
References
External links
Populated places in Cienfuegos Province
Théophile Raynaud (15 November 1583 – 31 October 1663) was a French Jesuit theologian and writer.
Biography
Théophile Raynaud was born November 15, 1583, at Sospel, near Nice. They studied at Avignon, and became quite accomplished as a student of philosophy. In 1602 they entered the Society of Jesus, and was made one of their teachers at Lyon. At first they taught elementary branches, but soon found advancement, and was finally given a professorship of philosophy and theology. In 1631 they were chosen confessor to prince Maurice of Savoy, and repaired to Paris. Here they were made uncomfortable by unpleasant relations to Richelieu, who, having been attacked by a Spanish theologian for the alliance of the French government with the German Protestants, had asked Raynaud for a reply and been refused. Raynaud was, at their request to the order, transferred to Chambéry, and this bishopric soon becoming vacant, they were solicited to fill it. But they were far from being pleased, and even prepared to return to Lyon. They did not again revisit Savoy until 1639, and then only to their unhappiness. They had, during their sojourn at Chambéry, contracted a close friendship with father Pierre Monod, their companion; and when they heard of their detention in the fortress of Montmélian, they tried in every way to have it brought to an end. Richelieu took offence at this ardent affection, which was natural between friends, and, not being willing to permit relations between Raynaud and a prisoner of the state, they solicited and obtained from the court of Savoy the arrest of the unfortunate Jesuit. At the end of three months they were released, and sought refuge at Carpentras, which then belonged to the Papal States. But the aversion of their enemies would not leave them long undisturbed. By order of the cardinal-legate Antonio Barberini, they were conducted to Avignon, and locked in a chamber of the pontifical palace. With difficulty released, they left for Rome, with the manuscript of , of which the impression had been suspended, submitted it for examination to father Alegambe, and obtained the authority to publish. In 1645 they returned to Rome in company with cardinal Federico Sforza, and was presented to the pope and the Sacred College as one of the most ardent champions of the papal rights. They afterwards made two journeys to the Eternal City, the first time in 1647, and there occupied for some time a theological chair; the second time in 1651, when they assisted at the general assembly of their order. They afterwards obtained permission to establish themselves at Lyon, and there passed the rest of their life in teaching and composing their works. They died October 31, 1663.
Works
In 92 separate works, covering almost the entire field of Catholic theology, they showed themselves an erudite theologian and a writer of great fertility. Their style, however, is often prolix and sometimes obscure, whilst in their controversial writings they indulge in satire and invective.
Their collected works, revised by themselves shortly before their death, were published under the direction of their confrère, John Bertet, in nineteen volumes (Lyons, 1665). A twentieth volume, entitled "Th. Raynaudi Apopompaeus" (i.e. the scapegoat), containing a number of writings which the author had purposely excluded from the collection, was published by an anonymous editor a few years later (Cracow, 1669); this volume was condemned by the Congregation of the Index.
The main titles of the "Opera" are:
I. "";
II. "";
III. "";
IV. "";
V. "";
VI. "";
VII. "";
VIII-IX. "";
X. "";
XI. "";
XII. "";
XIII. "";
XIV. "";
XV-XVI. "";
XVII. "";
XVIII. "".
XIX contains general indices.
References
Attribution
The entry cites:
WEISS in MICHAUD, Biog. Universelle, XXXVII (Paris, 1824);
HURTER, Nomenclator Literarius, I (Innsbruck, 1892), 404 sqq.;
Sommervogel, Bibl. de la C. de J., VI (Brussels, 1895).
External links
Théophile Raynaud in the Historical Archives of the Pontifical Gregorian University
1583 births
1663 deaths
People from Alpes-Maritimes
17th-century French Jesuits
17th-century French Catholic theologians
Termitomyces microcarpus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae. An edible species, it is found in Africa and Asia, where it grows in groups or clusters in deciduous forests near the roots of bamboo stumps associated with termite nests.
Nutrition
A 2017 study which compared the amino acid profile of 13 edible wild mushrooms in Yunnan, China found that T. microcarpus had the largest amount of total amino acids as well as essential amino acids.
References
Lyophyllaceae
Fungi described in 1871
Fungi of Africa
Fungi of Asia
Taxa named by Miles Joseph Berkeley
Taxa named by Christopher Edmund Broome
Maybeshewill are an English post-rock band from Leicester, England. Their music is characterised by the use of programmed and sampled electronic elements alongside guitars, bass, keyboards and drums.
History
Maybeshewill were formed by guitarists Robin Southby and John Helps whilst the pair were studying music technology together at De Montfort University in 2005. They released their first record Japanese Spy Transcript on the band's own label, Robot Needs Home Records in 2006 with Tanya Byrne on bass guitar and Lawrie Malen on drums. The four-track EP was well received by the press and attracted the attention of Nottingham's Field Records (also home to Public Relations Exercise) who released "The Paris Hilton Sex Tape" (taken from the record) as part of a split 7-inch single with Ann Arbor later that year. In August 2006 a re-mastered version of Japanese Spy Transcript was released in Japan on the XTAL label (also home to Yndi halda and You Slut!) which was set up specifically for the release by The Media Factory Group. Shortly after this release the band dissolved temporarily.
In May 2007, Helps and Southby began working with drummer James Collins (formerly a member of Fight Fire With Water) and bassist Andrew Jackson, along with a number of guest vocalists and musicians on an album entitled Not for Want of Trying. The record was released on Monday 12 May 2008 through Field Records, and was chosen by BBC Radio 1 DJ Huw Stephens as their album of the week in its release week. "The Paris Hilton Sex Tape" also featured on the cover CD of June's edition of Rock Sound magazine.
Thirteen months later on 7 June 2009, the band released their second album Sing the Word Hope in Four-Part Harmony through Field Records, with Victoria Sztuka taking Andrew Jacksons place on bass guitar. This was a heavier record which saw them continue to try to break away from the post-rock tag with which they are often labelled. The record was received well by both press and fans alike, but did receive some criticism for failing to depart substantially enough from the band's established sound.
After the release of Sing The Word Hope, the band returned to the three-piece line-up of James Collins, John Helps and Robin Southby for a brief period before they were joined in 2009 by Jamie Ward, a former member of Kyte and Tired Irie who was to guide the recording session for their third album, as well as fill the vacant position of bassist. In 2011 the band became a five-piece with long-time collaborator Matthew Daly performing live keyboards.
In May 2011, the band released I Was Here for a Moment, Then I Was Gone, their third full-length record. According to press releases, the band approached the record as if it were their first album – ignoring any criticism of their previous work, be it positive or negative, and distancing themselves from any expectation of what they might produce. Produced by Jamie Ward the record was the first to be recorded in traditional studio spaces and consequently is more polished than any previous recordings. Live strings and brass were provided by members of Them Name Is Calla and Fight Fire With Water, adding more organic sounds to the bands electronic palette. The album received universally positive reviews from the music press, was played in its entirety twice on Kerrang Radio and gained Maybeshewill Rock Sound'''s 'Band of the Week' accolade two weeks running.
In March 2014, the band announced that they would release their fourth studio album through German based record label Superball Music. The album's title, Fair Youth, and release date, 25 August 2014, were announced in June 2014.
Maybeshewill toured very regularly across the UK, Europe and Asia. This has seen them pair up with And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, Lite, Long Distance Calling, Earthtone9, &U&I, And So I Watch You From Afar and Cats & Cats & Cats (amongst others) on various excursions. They have also appeared at The Great Escape, Summer Sundae Weekender, Truck Festival, Brainwash Festival, 2000 Trees, Hockley Hustle, ArcTanGent and Dot To Dot Festivals.
In September 2015, the band announced that they would be disbanding after a brief final tour.
On 24 June 2018, the band played a special, one off show in the Queen Elizabeth Hall at London's Southbank Centre as part of Robert Smith's Meltdown.
In January 2020, the band announced their reformation, as well as an appearance to ArcTanGent Festival. The festival was cancelled, however, they have started working on new material together.
In November 2021 the band released their fifth studio album No Feeling Is Final.
Ethics and ethos
The band have stated in their biography that they are concerned about the state of the mainstream music industry and as such endeavour to be as self-sufficient as possible. Originally the band kept the duties of manager, booking agent and press agent 'in-house' as well as releasing records on their own label Robot Needs Home. As the band has grown however, they have found it necessary to work with others. They now release their records through independent labels and work with a small team of people for booking and press whilst still managing and tour managing themselves. They record and mix all their musical output, with Jamie Ward taking the lead on their more recent recordings. In the liner notes of Sing the Word Hope in Four-Part Harmony they published a brief guide to the approach that they take, as well as providing information on how they go about recording.
Although not a 'political' band, many of the samples and song-titles within their music hint at broadly left-wing, somewhat socialist ideas. For example, "This Time Last Year" from Sing the Word Hope in Four-Part Harmony uses a sample from I Heart Huckabees in which the characters discuss whether a desire to preserve open space is a socialist idea, and Not for Want of Trying's title track includes the famous long monologue of Howard Beale in the 1976 film Network bemoaning the state of modern society, but praising the community in which the band exists and suggesting hope for the future. The band also made a public post on their Facebook page showing support for the Labour Party
Robot Needs Home
Since their inception Maybeshewill have operated the 'business' elements of the band under the name Robot Needs Home. This 'label' set up by guitarist John Helps runs many of the band's affairs, but also works to support the wider music community which the band is part of. Continuing the band's own D.I.Y. ethos, the label works on the basis of 'promotion by association', collecting together artists who share a common ethic, and encouraging collaboration. As well as operating as a record label, Robot Needs Home provides booking and management services to other bands, and promotes shows in and around the city of Leicester, including the Maybeshewill curated White Noise Festival. The label has released most of Maybeshewill's smaller and digital releases, as well as their debut EP Japanese Spy Transcript.
Musical style
The band have described their sound as "instrumental rock with electronics", while Drowned in Sound described them as sounding "like Mogwai would if the latter had ever found love in an arthouse cinema. And then were beaten around the head with a keyboard". Comparisons have also been made with Sigur Rós, and 65daysofstatic were often mentioned by reviewers as a likely influence on their earlier work. Their tracks often include samples of film or other dialogue; "Not for Want of Trying" contains a sample from Network, while Sing the Word Hope in Four Part Harmony includes samples of broadcaster Edward R. Murrow, and excerpts from Young Winston.maniac_fm (2009) "Journal → Maybeshewill Lyrics", 11 July 2009, retrieved 22 October 2013
Members
Current members
James Collins (drums)
Matthew Daly (keyboards)
John Helps (guitar)
Robin Southby (guitar)
Jamie Ward (bass)
Former members
Victoria Sztuka (bass)
Andrew Jackson (bass)
Dave Voss (drums)
Lawrie Malen (drums)
Tanya Byrne (bass)
Kris Tearse (drums)
Scott West (guitar)
Discography
AlbumsNot for Want of Trying (2008)Sing the Word Hope in Four-Part Harmony (2009)I Was Here For a Moment, Then I Was Gone (2011)Fair Youth (2014)No Feeling Is Final (2021)
EPsJapanese Spy Transcript (EP) (XTAL JP) (August 2006)
Singles and minor releases
Ann Arbor / Maybeshewill (split 7-inch single) (Field Records) (July 2006)
"Seraphim & Cherubim"/"Heartflusters" (CD-R single) (Robot Needs Home) (September 2007)Anti-Semantics: The Remixes Vol. 1 (CD-R EP) (Robot Needs Home) (May 2008)Amateur Grammatics: The Remixes Vol. 2 (CD-R EP) (Robot Needs Home) (October 2008)
Maybeshewill / Them Name is Calla (split 12-inch single) (Field Records) (November 2008)The Remixes 2005 – 2010 (CD-R album) (Robot Needs Home) (April 2010)
"To The Skies From A Hillside" (7-inch single) (Field Records) (October 2010)
"Critical Distance" (7-inch single) (Function Records) (March 2011)
"Red Paper Lanterns" (7-inch single) (Function Records) (March 2012)
CompilationsKill All Humans (CD-R Compilation) (Robot Needs Home) (September 2007)Notes 1 (Mini CD-R and Art Compilation) (Notes) (Unknown 2009)Tellison – Contact! Contact! Remixed (Remix Compilation) (Drums Don't Kill Records) (January 2009)White Noise One (CD-R Compilation) (Robot Needs Home) (May 2009)Truck 12 (Compilation) (June 2009)Not for Want of Trying + 4 (Field Records UK & EU) (October 2009)White Noise Two (CD-R Compilation) (Robot Needs Home) (December 2009)Off The Cuff (Compilation) (Big Scary Monsters) (August 2010)Exports01'' (Compilation) (Robot Needs Home) (June 2011)
References
External links
English rock music groups
English post-rock groups
English electronic music groups
Musical groups from Leicester
Musical groups established in 2005
Musical groups disestablished in 2016
Superball Music artists
Damon Williams (born December 13, 1973) is an American former professional basketball player from Seattle. They achieved notable success playing for Tampereen Pyrintö in the Finnish Korisliiga. During their professional playing career they also played multiple seasons in Italy.
Pyrintö retired Williams′ jersey #32 in December 2018.
Honors
Jersey #32 retired by Pyrintö
3x Korisliiga (2010–2011, 2014)
Finnish Cup (2013)
2x Finnish League MVP (2001, 2011)
3x Finnish Finals MVP (2010–2011, 2014)
References
External links
Profile at Eurobasket.com
Profile at Finnish Basketball Association
1973 births
Living people
Alba Fehérvár players
American expatriate basketball people in Finland
American expatriate basketball people in Hungary
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Seattle
CSU Pueblo ThunderWolves men's basketball players
Kobrat players
KTP-Basket players
Pallalcesto Amatori Udine players
Pallacanestro Biella players
Power forwards (basketball)
S.S. Felice Scandone players
Tampereen Pyrintö players
USS Spark may refer to:
, a privateer built in 1813
, purchased by the US Navy in 1831
, laid down as LST-340 on 17 July 1942
United States Navy ship names
Bad Steben is a market town in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany. In 2007, Bad Steben celebrated its 175th anniversary as a Bavarian State Spa.
References
Hof (district)
Spa towns in Germany
Daya Krishna (1924–2007) was an Indian philosopher. They were Pro Vice Chancellor of Rajasthan University and editor of the Journal of Indian Council of Philosophical Research for over three decades.
They have published works in the fields of Indian philosophy, Western philosophy and aesthetics. Their doctoral thesis published as The Nature of Philosophy is said to have been acclaimed by the British philosopher, Gilbert Ryle, as an outstanding work. Their work explores the possibility of looking at Indian traditions through resources drawn from Indian concepts and categories. They have attempted to bring about "a dialogue between traditional Pundits, thinking and writing in Sanskrit, and scholars who “do” Indian philosophy in English".
Important works
Contrary Thinking: Selected Essays of Daya Krishna (2011)
Prolegomena to Any Future: Historiography of Cultures & Civilizations (1997)
Bhakti, a contemporary discussion: philosophical explorations in the Indian Bhakti tradition (Ed with Mukunda Lāṭha, Francine Ellison) (2000)
Developments in Indian philosophy from Eighteenth century onwards: Classical and Western (2002)
Indian Philosophy: a counter perspective (2006)
The Problematic and Conceptual Structure of Classical Indian Thought About Man, Society and Polity (1996)
The Art of the Conceptual: Explorations in a Conceptual Maze Over Three Decades (1989)
The Nature of Philosophy (1955)
References
External links
Eliot Deutsch, A Memorial Tribute to Daya Krishna
Daya Krishna - The Open Library
1924 births
2007 deaths
20th-century Indian philosophers
Philosophers of art
Paski Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Pāskī Maḩalleh; also known as Kateh Posht-e Soflá and Koteh Posht-e Pāsagī Maḩalleh) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 249, in 62 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Edward J. "Chip" Clancy Jr. (June 30, 1950 - June 6, 2021) was a Massachusetts politician who served the 55th mayor of Lynn, Massachusetts. They were first elected in November 2001. Previously, Clancy served on the Lynn City Council. After the council, they served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and the Massachusetts Senate. In 2001, while still a member of the Massachusetts Senate, Clancy was elected as Mayor of Lynn; after their election as Mayor, Clancy resigned from the Senate. On November 3, 2009 they were defeated by Republican challenger Judith Flanagan Kennedy, by a margin of 27 votes. Clancy continued to practice law and remained active in the community. Clancy died on June 6, 2021 of natural causes at the age of 70, with their wife Linda and family by theirs side.
Early life
Clancy is a native of Lynn, Massachusetts. Clancy's parents were Mrs. Claire M. (Luby) Clancy and Edward J. "Nipper" Clancy, a former political leader and city assessor of Lynn.
Early career
Clancy graduated from Providence College and Suffolk University Law School. On December 15, 1975 Clancy was admitted to the Massachusetts Bar and served as an Assistant Attorney General in the Massachusetts Attorney General's office.
Lynn City Council
In 1977, Clancy was elected to the Lynn, Massachusetts, city council.
First run for Mayor
In 1981 Clancy lost their first campaign for Mayor of Lynn. In the 1981 preliminary election Clancy finished first, receiving 1,393 more votes than incumbent Mayor Antonio J. Marino. However, Mayor Marino defeated Clancy by 3,119 votes in the final election.
Return to the City Council
In 1983 Clancy was once again elected to the Lynn City Council as a City Councilor at large.
Election to the Massachusetts House of Representatives
In 1990 Clancy ran in the Democratic Primary for the Massachusetts House of Representatives. Clancy ran against former Speaker of the House Thomas W. McGee. Initially McGee was declared the winner with a nine-vote victory. However, after a recount Clancy was ahead of McGee by a five-vote margin. After McGee challenged the recount in court, Clancy ended up winning the primary by an 11-vote margin. Clancy went on to defeat Republican Kimberly P. Simone and win the general election in November 1990.
Election to the Massachusetts Senate
In April 1994 Massachusetts State Senator Walter J. Boverini (D-Lynn) announced that they would not run for reelection the State Senate. Clancy ran for and won the Democratic Party's nomination for the seat being vacated by Boverini.
In November 1994 Clancy won the general election for State Senate seat from the 1st Essex District.
Clancy garnered 29,637 votes or 55% of the vote vs Republican Kathleen E. Caron's 24,663 votes or 45% of the total votes cast.
Election as Mayor of Lynn
Clancy ran unopposed in their first two elections for the Mayor of Lynn. On November 3, 2009, Clancy was defeated by Judith Flanagan Kennedy by a total of 8,043 votes to 8,016.
Election history
2009 Lynn Mayoral Election
Source: Our Campaigns
Source: Boston Globe Lynn Item
References
External links
Mayors of the City of Lynn since its incorporation in 1850 from the official website of the City of Lynn
Mayor Clancy's official Biography from the City of Lynn website
Mayor Clancy's record from the Massachusetts Board of Bar Overseers website
Mayors of Lynn, Massachusetts
Living people
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Massachusetts Democrats
Massachusetts state senators
Massachusetts city council members
Suffolk University Law School alumni
1950 births
Manuel Rodrigues Coelho (ca. 15551635) was a Portuguese organist and composer.  They are the first important Iberian keyboard composer since Cabezón.
Coelho was born in Elvas around 1555 and probably received early education at the Elvas Cathedral. They may also have studied at the Badajoz Cathedral, where they worked as organist from 1573 to 1577. At some point during the 1580s Coelho returned to Elvas and worked at the cathedral there. They left the post in 1602 after becoming court organist at Lisbon. They died in 1635, probably in Lisbon.
The composer's surviving works are preserved in a 1620 print Flores de musica pera o instrumento de tecla & harpa, published in Lisbon. The collection, dedicated to Philip II of Portugal, is the earliest surviving Portuguese keyboard print. It contains 24 tientos, 101 liturgical organ versets (kyries and hymn settings), four settings of the Spanish/Mozarabic version of Pange lingua, and four intabulations of Lassus' Susanne ung jour. This large collection is probably a compilation of earlier composed material.
Coelho's most important compositions are their tientos, which are very long (200–300 bars on average), multi-sectional pieces. Imitative counterpoint has a secondary role in them, whereas motivic figures and figuration, hallmarks of the Baroque style, are in the foreground. The harmonic language is simple and clear in sharp contrast to the contemporary Italian composers (i.e., Ascanio Mayone, Giovanni Maria Trabaci and Girolamo Frescobaldi); the contrapuntal techniques are reminiscent of Sweelinck. Coelho's liturgical pieces are less ornate, and generally employ more strict counterpoint. They include a group of 23 versets para se cantarem ao órgâo, "for singing to the organ", which all consist of a vocal line with organ accompaniment.
References
Apel, Willi (1972), The History of Keyboard Music to 1700. Translated by Hans Tischler. Indiana University Press. . Originally published as Geschichte der Orgel- und Klaviermusik bis 1700 by Bärenreiter-Verlag, Kassel.
Bernardes, J. M. R. e Bernardes, I. R. S. (2003), Uma Discografia de Cds da Composição Musical em Portugal: Do Século XIII Nossos Dias, INCM. [pp. 114–119].
Cruz, Maria Antonieta de Lima (1948), Rodrigues Coelho, Lisboa, Ed. Europa, Colecção Os Grande Músicos.
Kastner, Santiago (1936), Música Hispânica: O estilo do Padre Manuel R. Coelho e a interpretação da música hispânica para tecla desde 1450 até 1650. Lisboa: Editorial Ática.
Kastner, Macário Santiago (ed.), (1936), P. Manuel Rodrigues Coelho: 5 Tentos, Mainz: Schott's Söhne.
Kastner, Macário Santiago (ed.), (1955), P. Manuel Rodrigues Coelho: 4 Susanas, Mainz: Schott's Söhne.
Kastner, Santiago (1941), Contribución al estúdio de la música española y portuguesa. Lisboa: Editorial Ática.
Kastner, Macário Santiago (ed.), (1976/1959), Manuel Rodrigues Coelho: Flores De Musica Pera o Instrumento de Tecla & Harpa, Vol. I [24 Tentos], Portugaliae Musica, Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian, 2.ª edição.
Kastner, Macário Santiago (ed.), (1961), Manuel Rodrigues Coelho: Flores De Musica Pera o Instrumento de Tecla & Harpa, Vol. II [Kyries, Versos, Susanas, etc.], Portugaliae Musica, Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian.
Kastner, Macario Santiago (1979), Três Compositores Lusitanos para Instrumentos de Tecla/Drei Lusitanische Komponisten für Tasteninstrumente. António Carreira, Rodrigues Coelho, Pedro de Araújo. Lisboa: Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian, pp. 27–116.
Mazza, José (1944-1945), Dicionário Biográfico de Músicos Portugueses, ed. e notas de José Augusto Alegria, Ocidente, Lisboa, Tipografia da Editorial Império.
Nery, Rui Vieira (1984), A Música no Ciclo da Bibliotheca Lusitana, Lisboa, Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian.
Rocha, Edite Maria Oliveira da (2010), Manuel Rodrigues Coelho “Flores de Música”: Problemas de Interpretação, Tese de Doutoramento, Departamento de Comunicação e Arte, Universidade de Aveiro, Policopiado.
Vasconcelos, Joaquim de (1870), Os Músicos Portuguezes: Biografia, Bibliografia, 2 volumes, Porto, Imprensa Portugueza.
Vieira, Ernesto (2007/1900), Diccionario Biographico de Musicos Portuguezes, Lisboa, Lambertini, Edição Facsimilada de Arquimedes Livros.
Viterbo, Francisco Marques de Sousa (1908), Tangedores da Capella Real: Manuel Rodrigues Coelho, Sep. da Arte Musical. Hello
External links
Free scores at Órgãos de Portugal
Rodrigues Coelho in HOASM
Free scores by Coelho Rodrigues Manuel on loumy.org
THE END.
1550s births
1635 deaths
Renaissance composers
Portuguese Baroque composers
People from Elvas
16th-century Portuguese people
17th-century Portuguese people
17th-century classical composers
Portuguese male classical composers
17th-century male musicians
Johan Jacobs is an Namibian international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Jacobs was selected as part of the five-man team by Namibia for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship
They won a triples bronze medal (with Piet Appollis and Willem Esterhuizen), at the 2019 Atlantic Bowls Championships.
References
Living people
Namibian bowls players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Radovci (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
References
External links
Radovci on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Grad
Simone Nagina Forbes (born 20 June 1981) is a Jamaican sportswoman, having represented Jamaica in no less than five sports, including netball, volleyball, basketball, football and softball.
Forbes played netball with Jamaica U21 in 1998, before making their debut with the Jamaica national netball team the following year. They continued with the national team, winning bronze medals at two Netball World Championships (2003 and 2007) and at the 2002 Commonwealth Games; they also won a silver medal at the inaugural 2009 World Netball Series, followed by another bronze in 2010 World Netball Series. Despite taking a short break away from the sport following the World Series, Forbes remained captain of the Sunshine Girls, and was selected as flag bearer for Jamaica at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi. As of 2010 Forbes is playing domestic netball for Waulgrovians.
In volleyball, they earned a sports scholarship to Mercy College, New York in 2004. In 2005 Forbes made their debut for the Jamaica women's national volleyball team, and graduated from Mercy College the following year.
In 2011, Forbes tested positive for the banned substance Clomiphene – frequently used by athletes taking steroids, but also commonly used in fertility treatments – during an out-of-competition drug test. They were subsequently banned for three months by the Jamaica Anti-Doping Commission from playing netball; the ban was to end after the 2011 Netball World Championships in Singapore.
Awards
Prime Minister's National Youth Award for Excellence in the Field of Sports - 2005
International Student Athlete of the Year - 2003
GC Foster College Sportswoman of the Year - 2002
Carreras Sports Foundation Special Award for Netball - 2002
References
External links
2009 World Sevens roster, with biographical information on Simone Forbes.
Jamaican netball players
Jamaican women's volleyball players
Jamaican women's basketball players
Mercy College (New York) alumni
Jamaican women's footballers
Softball players
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Jamaica
Netball players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Netball players at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Netball players at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
1981 births
Living people
Jamaican sportspeople in doping cases
Commonwealth Games medallists in netball
Women's association footballers not categorized by position
2003 World Netball Championships players
2007 World Netball Championships players
20th-century Jamaican women
21st-century Jamaican women
The 2009 Copa Libertadores Finals was the final two-legged tie to determine the 2009 Copa Libertadores champion. It was contested by Argentine club Estudiantes de La Plata and Brazilian club Cruzeiro. The first leg of the tie was played on 8 July at Estudiantes' home field, with the second leg played on 15 July at Cruzeiro's.
Cruzeiro and Estudiantes played in their 4th and 5th Copa Libertadores finals, respectively. Cruzeiro last appearance was in 1997, in which they beat Sporting Cristal for their second title. Estudiantes returned after a 39-year absence. Their last finals appearance was in 1971, in which they lost to Uruguayan club Nacional.
Estudiantes de La Plata won the tie 4 points to 1 to earn their fourth Copa Libertadores title.
Qualified teams
Rules
The final will be played over two legs, each at a finalists home venue. The higher seeded team will play the second leg at home. The team that accumulates the most points —three for a win, one for a draw, zero for a loss— after the two legs will be crowned the champion. Unlike the previous rounds, the away-goals rule will not be used. Should the two teams be tied on points after the second leg, the team with the best goal difference will win. If the two teams have equal goal difference, extra time will be used. The extra time will consist of two 15-minute halves. If the tie is still not broken, a penalty shoot-out, consisting of a maximum of five penalties per team, will ensue according to the Laws of the Game (although it is possible to win the penalty shootout before the fifth penalty kick is taken). If there is no clear winner after the 10 penalty kicks, then a sudden-death penalty shootout will ensue.
Route to the Finals
Cruzeiro qualified to the 2009 Copa Libertadores as the 3rd place team in the 2008 Série A. This gave them the Brazil 3 spot and a direct qualification into the Second Stage. Estudiantes qualified into the Argentina 5 spot by having the 2nd best average of the 2007 Apertura, 2008 Clausura, & 2008 Apertura tournaments. The spot qualified them into the First Stage.
Estudiantes in the First Stage
Estudiantes started this year's Copa Libertadores run in the First Stage in a two-legged tie against Peruvian club Sporting Cristal for a spot in Group 5. Sporting Cristial took the first leg, played in Lima, 2−1. Enzo Pérez scored the lone goal for Estudiantes. In the second leg, Estudiantes' Ramón Lentini scored the lone goal of the match, assuring that Estudiantes advanced to the Second Stage on the away goals tie-breaker.
Group 5 of the Second Stage
Cruzeiro was drawn into Group 5, with Estudiantes advancing into it. They were joined by the defending Ecuadorian champion, Deportivo Quito, and the Bolivian 2008 Apertura champion, Universitario de Sucre. Their first group match was against each other in Belo Horizonte. Cruzeiro won 3−0 with goals by Fernandinho and Kléber (two). The next group match between the both of them was their respective fifth group-play match. Playing in La Plata, Estudiantes won 4−0 with goals by Juan Sebastián Verón, Gastón Fernández, and Cristian Sánchez Prette (two).
Cruzeiro second group match was on the road against Deportivo Quito. Ramires scored for Cruzeiro before Giovanny Caicedo tied it for Deportivo Quito. They stayed on the road (to Sucre) to play Universitario. Thiago Ribeiro scored the lone goal of the match to get the win. The next two game Cruzeiros played were at home. Universitario visited first and lost the match thanks to two goals by Wellington Paulista. In Cruzeiro's last match of group play, they played host to Deportivo Quito, whom they beat 2−0 with goals by Léo Fortunato and Wagner.
Estudiantes continued group play by hosting Universitario. Juan Manuel Salgueiro scored the only goal for Estudiantes, and subsequently the win. They then went to Quito to play Deportivo Quito. Estudiantes lost the match 1−0. Deportivo Quito then visited Estudiantes for their next match. Estudiantes soundly won the match 4−0 thanks to a goal by Enzo Pérez and a hat-trick by Mauro Boselli. Estudiantes' last match of group play ended in a scoreless tie against Universitario.
Cruzeiro and Estudiantes finished 1 & 2, respectively, which advanced them to the Round of 16.
Cruzeiro in the knockout stages
Cruzeiro was seeded 5 for the last stages of the tournament. In the round of 16, they played against Chilean club Universidad de Chile (seeded 12). The first leg was played in Santiago. Cruzeiro won the match 1−2 with goals by Soares and Marquinhos Paraná. second leg, played at home, was won by a lone goal from Kléber. Cruzeiro advanced on points 6−0.
Cruzeiro's quarterfinal match-up was against fellow Brazilian side São Paulo (seeded 4). The first leg, played at home, was won 2−1 with goals by Leonardo Silva and Zé Carlos. The second leg, played in São Paulo, was also won 0−2 with goals by Henrique and Kléber. Cruzeiro advanced on points 6−0.
Cruzeiro's semifinal match-up was against another Brazilian side, top-seeded Grêmio. Cruzeiro won the first leg 3−1 thanks to goals by Wellington Paulista, Wágner, and Fabinho. The second leg, played in Porto Alegre, ended in a 2−2 tie. Wellington Paulista scored twice for Cruzeiro in as many minutes, but Grêmio came back and tied it in the second half. Cruzeiro advanced 4−1 on points.
As of the finals, Cruzeiro is the most effective team in the tournament, with an efficacy rating of 80.56% (9 wins, 2 draws, 1 loss).
Estudiantes in the knockout stages
Estudiantes was seeded 10 for the last stages of the tournament. Estudiantes' round of 16 match-up was against Paraguayan club Libertad. Seeded 7, Libertad was the first team to advance to the round of 16. Estudiantes won the first match 3−0 with goals by Gastón Fernández (with the fastest goal of the tournament) and Mauro Boselli (2). A 0−0 tie was enough in the second leg to advance Estudiantes 4−1 on points.
The quarterfinals match-up was against Uruguayan club Defensor Sporting (seeded 15). Estudiantes won both legs 1−0 with goals by Leandro Desábato (first leg) and Leandro Benítez (second leg). Estudiantes advanced 6−0 on points.
In the semifinals, Estudiantes met another Uruguayan club, 3 seeded Nacional. In the first leg, played at home, Estudiantes won with a lone goal by Diego Galván. In the second leg, Estudiantes won 1−2 with a pair of goals by Mauro Boselli. Estudiantes advanced 6−0 on points.
As of the finals, Estudiantes has an efficacy rating of 69.05% (9 wins, 2 draws, 3 loss). Striker Mauro Boselli is currently tied as the top-scorer of the tournament, with 7 goals.
Knockout stages summary
Match details
First leg
Second leg
References
External links
CONMEBOL's official website
2009
l
l
Final
2009 in Argentine football
2009 in Brazilian football
Football in Buenos Aires Province
Jamie Paik is a Canadian engineer who is a professor and director of the Reconfigurable Robotics Lab at École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne.
Early life and education
Paik was born in Canada. Them father is a scientist and their mother is a painter. They completed their bachelor's degree at University of British Columbia. They majored in mechanical engineering. They earned their PhD at Seoul National University, sponsored by Samsung Electronics. Them PhD considered the limbs of anthropomorphic robots.
Research
Paik worked as a postdoctoral researcher in Pierre and Marie Curie University, where they worked on laparoscopic tools. JAIMY, a 5 mm size motorised robot, can be used to assist suturing during surgery. It is available commercially through Endocontrol Medical. They joined Harvard University as a postdoctoral researcher, working with Erik Demaine, Daniela L. Rus and Robert Wood.
In 2012, Paik founded the Reconfigurable Robotics Lab at École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne.  They are a member of the Swiss National Center of Competence in Research. Them recent work focuses on robotic origami, robogami. They developed vacuum-powered Soft Pneumatic Actuators for compliant robotics. They were an invited speaker at the Obama Administration's Women Inspire Innovation workshop in 2013. They were a judge at the 2016 and 2018 Soft Robotics Toolkit competition. They were a participant at the 2018 Science Foo Camp. They were a 2019 TED Conferences speaker.
References
Canadian engineers
University of British Columbia alumni
Seoul National University alumni
Pierre and Marie Curie University faculty
Harvard University faculty
École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne faculty
Women roboticists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Muévelo" (, "Move It") is a song by Mexican singer Sofía Reyes featuring Puerto Rican rapper and singer Wisin. It was Reyes' debut single, and it was released digitally via the iTunes Store by Warner Music Latina on August 22, 2014.
Track listing
Digital download
"Muévelo" -
Charts
Certifications
References
2014 songs
Wisin songs
2014 debut singles
Sofía Reyes songs
Spanish-language songs
Song articles with missing songwriters
Cinédia (originally called the Cinearte studios) was a Brazilian film studio established in 15 March 1930 in Rio de Janeiro, and remained in continual operation until 1951.
Between 1930 and 1945, Cinédia averaged two films a year, with a high of five in 1936.
History
One of the most important production companies of Brazilian film industry in the 1930s and 1940s, idealized by Adhemar Gonzaga, which produced popular dramas and musical comedies, known by the generic denomination "chanchadas".
Importing the latest equipment and technology, such as Mitchell cameras, and the Movietone sound system, in the first Brazilian film with optical sound.
Humberto Mauro produced the company's first film, Lábios sem Beijos, in 1930. In 1933, they directed, with Adhemar Gonzaga, A Voz do Carnaval, in which singer Carmen Miranda made one of their first film appearances.
In musical comedies like Alô, Alô Brasil!, Alô, Alô, Carnaval! and Onde estás, felicidade?, actors like Oscarito, Grande Otelo and Dercy Gonçalves made their debut.
Cinédia's biggest success was O Ébrio, in 1946, produced by Adhemar Gonzaga and directed by Gilda de Abreu.
Other of the company's hits were Bonequinha de Seda in 1936, Estudantes in 1935, Ganga Bruta in 1933, and Limite in 1931.
Partial filmography
Mulher (1931)
Honra e Ciúmes (1933)
Tapirapés (1934)
Alô, Alô Brasil! (1935)
Noites Cariocas (1935)
Carioca Maravilhosa (1935)
Estudantes (1935)
Alô, Alô, Carnaval! (1936)
O Jovem Tataravô (1936)
Bonequinha de Seda (1936)
Caçando Feras (1936)
O Descobrimento do Brasil (1937)
Samba da Vida (1937)
Alma e Corpo de uma Raça (1938)
Aruanã (1938)
Maridinho de Luxo (1938)
Tererê Não Resolve (1938)
Está Tudo Aí (1939)
Joujoux e Balangandãs (1939)
Onde Estás Felicidade? (1939)
Direito de Pecar (1940)
Eterna Esperança (1940)
Pureza (1940)
24 Horas de Sonho (1941)
O Dia é Nosso (1941)
A Sedução do Garimpo (1941)
It's All True (1942) (unfinished version)
References
External links
Cinédia's official website
Film studios
Entertainment companies established in 1930
Mass media companies established in 1930
Mass media companies disestablished in 1951
Entertainment companies of Brazil
Companies based in Rio de Janeiro (city)
1930 establishments in Brazil
Strictly Sexual is a 2008 comedy film directed by Joel Viertel, written by Stevie Long, and starring Amber Benson, Johann Urb, Kristen Kerr, Stevie Long, and Trevor Murphy.
Synopsis
In Los Angeles, the wealthy aspirant writer Donna and their best friend (also aspirant designer) Christi Ann are bored of relationships and decide to chase two escorts in a bar for a one-night stand. Meanwhile, construction workers and best friends, Stanny and Joe, come from New York but can't find jobs in Los Angeles. Without money, the guys decide to go to a fancy bar to drink and leave the place without paying the bill. Donna and Christi Ann meet Stanny and Joe and invite them home believing they are gigolos. After a night of sex, the women discover the misunderstanding and that the men are, indeed, unemployed construction workers. The women offer to have the men stay in their swimming pool cabana, furnishing them with beer and food while the boys search for jobs. In return, they would be their on-call "boy-toys" in a strictly sexual relationship. During the ensuing months, the couples become closer and change their feelings and behaviors with the development and growing of their relationships as the couples begin to develop romantic feelings.
Cast
Amber Benson as Donna
Johann Urb as Joe
Kristen Kerr as Christi Ann
Stevie Long as Stanny
Trevor Murphy as Damian
Brooke Allen as Cassandra
Elizabeth Wood as Fabric Woman
Ashley Hinson as Boutique Employee
Shravan Kambam as Niki
Scott Weston as Scott
Rick Ramnath as Rich
Lindsay Frame as Complimentary Woman
Carlos Conrado Sanchez as Carlos
Justin Phillips as Justin
Mark Radcliffe as Mark
Business
NPR reported that Strictly Sexual was the most-watched film of all time on Hulu.com as of February 2010.
TV series
In 2011, Hulu produced a six-episode spin-off series, Strictly Sexual: The Series, featuring some of the original cast.
References
External links
Strictly Sexual at Hulu
2008 films
2000s English-language films
American comedy films
2000s American films
The Costa Rica national rugby union team represents Costa Rica in international rugby union. The nation have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament. The Costa Rica national rugby team played their first international in 2005 defeating their opponents Panama by 60-0.
In December, 2007, Costa Rica A & B sides participated in the First Central American Rugby cup. The other competing teams were Panama and Guatemala. Costa Rica A came first in this tournament, Panama 2nd, Guatemala 3rd, and Costa Rica B 4th.
In December 2009, Costa Rica hosted the IRB Consur B tournament. The other competing nations were Colombia, Venezuela, Peru, and Costa Rica. The final results were Colombia finishing first, Venezuela second, Peru third, and Costa Rica fourth.
After finishing fourth behind Peru, Venezuela and Colombia in the 2010 and 2011 CONSUR B tournaments, Costa Rica played in the newly created CONSUR C tournament in 2012. They won this tournament, beating Guatemala, Ecuador and El Salvador.
Overall Record
Their Test record against all nations (up to 23 11 2019):
CONSUR C Guatemala 2012
In December 2012, Costa Rica played in the newly created CONSUR C tournament. They won this tournament, beating Guatemala by 37 to 10, Ecuador by 33 to 8 and El Salvador by 57 to 3.
This unprecedented achievement was the result a hardworking staff and a 5 months preparation during which more than 100 players were called for trials. Coach Francisco José "El Gordo Secret" Galarreta Apaestegui and their manager Wadya "Dr. Evil" Sauma put up a team united by personal sacrifice, friendship and a common dream that lead them into victory. The 2012 Costa Rican rugby union team demonstrated the country's rugby at its best, displaying some players from every union.
The 2012 squad included the following 25: Marco Blanco (Prop, Coronado RC); Guillermo Lavari (Prop, Stags RFC); Jefry Vargas (Prop, Cadejos RC); Marvin Taylor Ebanks (Prop, Montreal Irish RFC, Canada); Claudio Carrizo (Hooker, Stag RFC); Alexis Devitre (Lock, Universitarios Club de Rugby); Meyer Zúñiga Fernández (Lock, Cartago RC); Hugo López Póveda (Lock, Cartago RC); Nicolas Broggi (#8, Universitarios Club de Rugby); Marlon Cerdas Blanco (#8, Coronado RC); Fernando Ramírez Esquivel (Flanker, Wák RC); Pierric Béros (Flanker, Stag RFC); Sebastián Gutiérrez del Valle (Scrum Half, Stag RFC); Leonardo Muñoz Recalde (Scrum Half, Wák RC); Iván Bogantes Miranda (Fly Half, Universitarios Club de Rugby); Ignacio Maqueda (Fly Half, Stag RFC); Lucas Withington (Fly Half/Center, Stag RFC); Rafael Ulloa Beeche (Center, Wák RC); Franklin Zúñiga (Center, Stag RFC); Rafael López Póveda (Full Back, Cartago RC); Ariel Apuy (Full Back, Universitarios Club de Rugby); Juan José Mata Zúñiga (Winger, Universitarios Club de Rugby); Gustavo Patiño (Winger, Cadejos RC); César Salas (Winger, Cadejos RC); Byron Monge Benavides (Winger, Universitarios Club de Rugby).
External links
Costa Rica on rugbydata.com
Universitarios Club de Rugby Costa Rica on rugbyuniversitarios.com
Central American national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Costa Rica
National sports teams of Costa Rica
Downtown Fall River Historic District is a historic district on North and South Main, Bedford, Granite, Bank, Franklin, and Elm Streets in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
History
The Downtown Fall River Historic District contains many historic banks and other commercial properties primarily along North Main Street. This area was greatly impacted by the Great Fire of 1928, which destroyed many buildings located in what is now the historic district. As a result, many of the buildings date from about 1928 or 1929, having been rebuilt shortly after the fire. The area was also greatly impacted in the 1960s with the construction of Interstate-195 through the center of downtown, which resulted in the demolition of the Old City Hall, the Second Granite Block and several other 19th century commercial blocks.
Contributing properties
(partial listing)
United States Post Office, Bedford Street
State Armory, Bank Street
Public Library, North Main Street
Bank Five (formerly Fall River Five Cents Savings Bank), North Main Street
Masonic Temple, North Main Street
Police Athletic League Hall, Franklin Street
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Fall River, Massachusetts
Historic districts in Bristol County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Park Centralny () is an urban green area located along the side of the Brda river in Bydgoszcz, Poland. The park covers .
Location
The park is situated in "Babia Wieś" district, along the Brda river, on its southern bank.
The area has a rectangle shape of by :
to the north, it borders a promenade along the river;
to the west, it ends at the Łuczniczka sport arena;
it extends to the south to the bottom of the Wolności Hill, along the Toruńska street;
its eastern limit runs along the Jana Pawła II avenue.
A tram railway runs along the southern outskirts of the park: it is used by lines 4,5 and 6.
On park's eastern border, a water stream flows into the Brda river. It stems from Glinki district in the south and is canalized in a pipe under Jana Pawła II avenue before pouring into the river.
History
Early plans
Park Centralny was established in 1972-1974 on extensive meadows stretching between the Brda river and Toruńska street.
Its creation is the result of two projects connected with the area. On the one hand, the rehabilitation of the Brda riversides which had started in the 1960s, aiming at tidying up and embellishing the bank promenades. On the other hand, the construction of a north-south road cutting through the heart of the city, part of the S5 expressway, crossing the river east of Babia Wieś district.
In 1973, a competition for the construction of a sport and entertainment hall in the park was launched. The prize winner was awarded to a design by Warsaw architects under the supervision of designer and sport champion Wojciech Zabłocki. The communist authorities had opted for buildings which shapes represented a "frog" (for the main hall arena) and a "butterfly" (for the sport hall), both displaying colored coating roof tops. However, the dire financial situation that Poland was facing at the time did not allow the plan to be pushed to completion. Only tennis courts, archery tracks and asphalt walking paths were built.
In the second half of the 1970s, a pedestrian bridge over the Brda river was built at the level of Krakowska street, significantly improving the connection to the park from the northern districts of Bydgoszcz.
Later developments
In October 2002, in the western part of the park, Łuczniczka, a sport arena with more than 8500 seats, was opened on the site of the former archery tracks. The name "Łuczniczka" () is a reference to one of the city's hallmark, "The Archeress", a 1910 statue by Ferdinand Lepcke, standing in a downtown park. In 2019, with the firm Grupa Kapitałowa IMMOBILE becoming the main sponsor of the sports and entertainment arena for five years, the facility was officially renamed "Immobile Łuczniczka". The construction of the complex was the opportunity to re-design the surrounding areas with:
new walking paths;
a slipway for vessels sailing on the Brda River;
new archery tracks;
a cleaning of the greenery and new tree plantings.
Furthermore, watercourses and pond around the hall were renovated.
In September 2014, on the eastern side of the Łuczniczka hall, a smaller sports and entertainment arena (1500-seat capacity) was unveiled, Artego Arena. The latter was first operated the same year as a warm-up hall for the matches of the 2014 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship that occurred in Bydgoszcz. On a daily basis, the arena is used by Bydgoszcz basketball teams, women's Artego Bydgoszcz and men's Astoria Bydgoszcz. The facility is also rented for the economic fairs, exhibitions, concerts and shows.
On January 5, 2018, on the western side of the Łuczniczka hall, an ice rink named Torbyd has been inaugurated. The 240-seat stadium replaces the old ice rink (dismantled in 2004) which used to be located at 11a Chopina street.
In 2020, a large real estate was unveiled on the western tip of the park, "River Tower". Located along the river, in the vicinity of Łuczniczka and Torbyd halls, it consists of a pair of -high and 20-floors towers. The twin buildings, encompassing 128 apartments, are the tallest residential edifice in Bydgoszcz and houses also a restaurant, a gym, a playing ground for children and a mini-marina.
A new project has been unveiled in early 2021 by the city authorities: the creation of an open-air bathing area for 500 people along the Brda river.
So far, this announcement has been met with criticism. Commentaries report that the construction would imply the cutting of 94 trees of 25 species, including 6 monumental ones. In addition, it would destroy most of the wetlands, reduce the biologically active soil and degrade the habitats of many vertebrates and insects. In a will to placete the debate, the city of Bydgoszcz has decided to set up an on-line consultation about the project.
Characteristics
Park Centralny is settled on and above the Brda river floodplain. Some remarkable natural places have been preserved here, such as alder carrs.
The park is mainly wooded by native tree species growing in moist soils: willows, ash trees, alders, poplars, maple trees, lime trees (including large-leaved lindens), common oaks, northern red oaks, hornbeams, elms and common hawthorns.
A large area is occupied by a recreational meadow. There are also fruit trees and shrubs, which are a staple for many birds living in the area. You can also find here herbaceous plants such as garden angelicas or butterburs.
In 2020, bird spotters noticed the presence of cormorants, gooseanders and European green woodpeckers in the park.
The park has a network of walking paths with benches, criss-crossing the different sports facilities:
the sport halls (Łuczniczka, Artego Arena and Torbyd);
archery tracks;
tennis courts;
open air pitches.
On the river bank in front of the Torbyd ice rink stands a water tram stop, part of a touristic line starting downtown at the Fish Market (). Around the Łuczniczka hall, watercourses are regulated via a pond which overflows directly its waters to the Brda river.
Gallery
See also
Bydgoszcz
Łuczniczka
References
Bibliography
External links
Łuczniczka and Arena halls
Torbyd ice rink
River Tower real estate
Parks in Bydgoszcz
Gampaha (Sinhala: ගම්පහ ; Tamil: கம்பஹா ) is an urban city in Gampaha District, Western Province, Sri Lanka. It is situated to the north-east of the capital Colombo. It is the sixth largest urban area in Western Province, after Colombo, Negombo, Kalutara, Panadura and Avissawella. Gampaha is also the second largest municipal centre in Gampaha district, after Negombo. Gampaha has a land area of and is home to the offices of 75 government institutions.
Namesake
The name "Gampaha" in Sinhala (ගම්පහ) literally means “Five Villages”. The five villages are known to be Ihalagama, Pahalagama, Medagama, Pattiyagama and Aluthgama. However, at present the location of Pattiyagama can no longer be identified within the town limits of Gampaha and remains disputed. Gampaha was also formerly known as Henarathgoda.
History
During reign of Portuguese, the main route to the hill country had been laid through the Gampaha area and in the period of Dutch, this area was served as centre for the collection of cinnamon. But before year 1815, it is said that Gampaha was a dense forest. The 5th Governor of Ceylon, Sir Edward Barnes made a visit to Gampaha in 1825, on the way to observe the construction work of the Negombo-Colombo main road. When British built the “Moragoda” catholic church in 1828, Gampaha and surrounding areas slowly became inhabited.
As the extension of the railway track from Colombo to Ambepussa, the Henarathgoda railway station was completed in 1866 which acted as a key factor for the progress and recognition of the town. In 1867, the first rubber tree of Sri Lanka was planted in Henarathgoda botanical garden.
The town was planned in 1920, with 52 roads including the main street, a water tank, a public market, a hospital and an electrical generator. Most of these are still present in their original sites with various improvements over time.
Local Government
Gampaha was a village council until 1945. On 1 January that year, the town qualified to become an urban council. The first urban council had five members. P. P. Jayawardane was the first chairperson of the urban council. Total number of workforce in the urban council was 197 persons. In 1978 constitutional reforms declared Gampaha as a new administrative district (which was formerly recognised as a part of the Colombo District) and the main administrative centre was established in Gampaha. The new district status leads the town to a rapid development, establishing new government institutes. On 16 April 2002, the Urban Council was upgraded to become the Gampaha Municipal Council.
Economy
The economy of Gampaha has been vastly extended in many aspects. Mainly paddy and Rubber are grown here as main cultivation products and additionally pineapple and betel are grown here. Also some rural industries like pottery, tiles, hand loom textiles, coconut related products can be found.
Climate
Gampaha has a tropical rainforest climate under the Köppen climate classification. The climate is fairly temperate all throughout the year with a significant rainfall. Even in the driest month there is a significant amount of rain. The driest month is January and there is about 62 mm of precipitation. Most of the precipitation in Gampaha area falls in October, averaging 365 mm. The precipitation varies 303 mm between the driest month and the wettest month. April is the warmest month in Gampaha, with an average temperature of 28.4 °C (83.1 °F) and the December is the coolest month, with temperatures averaging 26.1 °C (79 °F). Throughout the year, temperatures vary by 2.3 °C.
The annual rain fall in the area is about 2398 mm and the average temperature is about 27.3 °C. The main sources of water canals of Gampaha are Attanagalla Oya and Uruwela Oya.
Attractions
Henarathgoda Botanical Garden where the first rubber tree was planted in Sri Lanka is still present located close to Gampaha town. The garden is bordered with Attangalle oya and covers about 43 acres. It is believed that the garden is more than 128 years old.
The first seedling was planted under the auspices of the vast garden's original owner Muhandiam Amaris De Zoysa, who became the garden's first OIC. The generous Muhandiram donated this vast estate for public use, to enhance the local surroundings.
Henarathgoda old railway station is one of the oldest railway stations in Sri Lanka. It was built in 1866 by the British to facilitate the transportation of tea and coffee from the up country to Colombo.
Asgiriya Rajamaha Vihara is an ancient Buddhist temple which is located close to the Gampaha town. Currently this temple has been recognized as archaeological protected monument in Minuwangoda division. The history of this temple runs to the reign of King Valagamba.
Yatawatte Purana Vihara is an old Tampita Vihara, located in Pahalagama. Currently this temple has been protected as one of archaeological protected sites in Sri Lanka.
Wathumulla Ketawala Ambalama is an old Ambalama, located near to Daraluwa railway station. During the past periods Ambalams were designed to provide shelter for the travelers.
Ketawala Anicut is one of two anicut projects that come under the key irrigation scheme in Gampaha.
Maligawatta Rajamaha Vihara is an ancient Buddhist Temple which located in Gampaha District. The history of this temple runs to the reign of King Valagamba. The tooth relic was hidden twice here.
Kaleniya Rajamaha Vihara is an ancient Buddhist Temple in Gampaha District. It is located near to Kelani River.
Gorakaella waterfall
Education
Literacy in Gampaha district is the highest in Sri Lanka. The literacy rate for both sexes is 98.5.
Gampaha is home to secondary educational institutes in Sri Lanka. The government owned schools in the gampaha area are listed below.
Universities
University of Kelaniya
Schools
Anura Central College
Chandrajothi Maha Vidyalaya
Bandaranayake College
Bandarawatta Parakrama Maha Vidyalaya
Bendiyamulla Gajaba Vidyalaya
Bemmulla Gamini Kanishta Vidyalaya
Gothami Kanishta Vidyalaya
Sri Dharmaloka College Kelaniya
Gurukula College Kelaniya
Holy Cross College
Viharamahadevi Balika Vidyalaya Kiribathgoda
Vishaka Balika Vidyalaya Makola
Ihala Yagoda Lumbini Kanishta Vidyalaya
Indigolla Vijitha Prathamika Vidyalaya
Keppetipola Maha Vidyalaya
Kirindiwela Central College
Kirindiwela Maha Vidyalaya
Kirindiwita Gemunu Kanishta Vidyalaya
Mahaththuwa Jinarathana prathamika Vidyalaya
Mahagamasekaya Maha Vidyalaya
Moragoda Wimaladharmasuriya Kanishta Vidyalaya
Rathnavali Balika Vidyalaya
Sidharthakumara Vidyalaya
Sri Bodhi College
Sumedha College
St. Peter's College
Thakshila College
Yasodara Devi Balika Maha Vidyalaya
Gunanodaya Vidyalaya-Divlapitiya
Ayurveda
Pundit Wickramarachchi found the first Ayurveda College of the country - "Sri Lanka Siddhayurveda Vidyalaya" in 1929 closer to Yakkala. "Gampaha Wickramarachchi Ayurveda Vidyalaya (Incorporation) Act No. 30 of 1982" established the college as a national institute for Ayurveda education. From 1 March 1995 the institute was recognized as Gampaha Wickramarachchi Ayurveda Institute and was affiliated to the main university stream of the country Under University of Kelaniya. The institute offers "Bachelor of Ayurveda Medicine and Surgery" (BAMS) diploma and the practitioners are distinguished around the country as "Gampaha Ayurvedic Physicians". Rules for the regulation of the professional conduct of Ayurvedic physicians have been approved by the Minister of Health and gazetted in June 1971.
Transport
Gampaha is the 15th railway station from the Colombo fort on main railway line.
Numerous bus routes terminatate at Gampaha.
References
External links
Detailed map of Gampaha and Sri Lanka
Populated places in Gampaha District
Populated places in Western Province, Sri Lanka
Any Way You Can is the debut EP by Australian folk punk band Mutiny. It was self-released in 1993 and is the first time Mutiny appears on CD.
Track listing
"Blue Light Olympics" - 4:13
"Never Get Caught" - 3:29
"Good Friend" - 4:41
"Folk War" - 3:44
"All I've Got" - 4:33
"The Squatting Song" - 4:09
"Rise Up" - 3:02
Credits
Alice - bass
L'hibou - fiddle
Chris - vocals, drums, didgeridoo
Greg - guitar, mandolin, vocals, samples
Briony - vocals, 12-string guitar, mandolin
Mutiny (band) albums
1993 debut EPs
The Air Forces of the National People's Army (; LSK) was the Air Force of East Germany. As with the , the , and the Border Troops, it was a military branch of the National People's Army (NVA).
The name Luftstreitkräfte}} applied originally to the air corps of the German Empire between 1910 and the end of World War I in 1918. However, the West German Air Force adopted the name '' as used by the Third Reich's air force from 1935 to the end of World War II.
At the end of November 1953, a reorganisation of air units saw air units transferred from the Ministry of the Interior directly to the Deputy Minister and Chief of the People's Police. The air regiments were reorganized into the Aero Club 1 (Cottbus), 2 (Drewitz) and 3 (Bautzen), which in turn were divided into two sections. Starting in 1954, additional Z-126 and M-1D from Czechoslovakian production were made available.
On 1 March 1956 the air force was officially established as part of the National People's Army, following the GDR's entry into the Warsaw Pact alliance. Initially the air force (LSK), with its headquarters at Cottbus, was separate from the (Air Defence, headquartered at Strausberg. It was intended to establish three fighter divisions, an attack aircraft division and an anti-aircraft division. However, eventually only the 1st and 3rd Aviation Divisions and the 1st Flak-Division were created. On 1 June 1957 there was a merger of the two administrations in Strausberg, and the new headquarters was renamed the .
Organization
A number of military units and formations were under direct control of the , the Air Force Staff, and the Air Force Command of the NPA, with its HQ in Strausberg.
1st Air Defence Division (1st LVD)
The 1st (en: Air Defence Division), with its HQ in Cottbus, was in charge to provide air defence throughout the southern territory of the GDR. The following units were subordinated to that particular division:
() "Fritz Schmenkel", Holzdorf Air Base
"Willi Budich", Holzdorf (Jessen)
, Holzdorf
"Wladimir Komarow", Preschen Air Base
"Walter Stoecker", Preschen
, Preschen
"Wilhelm Pieck", Drewitz Air Base (disbanded in 1989)
, Drewitz
"Hermann Matern", Marxwalde
, Marxwalde
, Marxwalde
"Hermann Dunker", Ladeburg
, Badingen
, Fürstenwalde
, Prötzel
, Klosterfelde
, Beetz near Kremmen
, Schönermark
, Fehrbellin
, Zachow
, Markgraf-Pieske
, Ladeburg
, Ladeburg
"Werner Lamberz", Sprötau
, Eckolstädt
, Dietersdorf
, Blankenburg
, Seebergen
, Remda
, Eckolstädt
, Sprötau
"Jaroslaw Dombrowski", Straßgräbchen
, Groß Döbern
, Großräschen
, Kroppen
, Großröhrsdorf
, Straßgräbchen
, Döbern
"Arvid Harnack", Holzdorf
"Paul Schäfer", Sprötau
, Müncheberg
"August Willich", Cottbus
3rd Air Defence Division (3rd LVD)
The 3rd , with its HQ in Trollenhagen, was in charge to provide air defence throughout the northern territory of the GDR. The following units were subordinated to that particular division:
, Trollenhagen
"Juri Gagarin", Trollenhagen Air Base
"Herbert Baum", Trollenhagen
, Trollenhagen
"Heinrich Rau", Peenemünde Air Base
"Käthe Niederkirchner", Peenemünde
, Peenemünde
, Peenemünde
"Erich Weinert", Sanitz
, Cammin/Prangendorf
, Abtshagen
, Barth
, Hinrichshagen
, Neuenkirchen
, Barhöft
, Nienhagen
, Bastorf
, Kirchdorf
, Dranske
, Retschow
, Rövershagen
, Sanitz
"Etkar André", Parchim
, Warin
, Tramm
, Ziegendorf
, Steffenshagen
, Parchim
"Rudolf Breitscheid", Stallberg
, Altwarp
, Eichhof
, Burg-Stargard
, Weggun
"Liselotte Herrmann", Pragsdorf
"Fritz Behn", Pudagla
, Parchim
"Max Christiansen-Clausen", Trollenhagen
FO FMTFK
All fighter-bomber aircraft, transport aircraft, reconnaissance aircraft and transport helicopters were under the control of the FO FMTFK (roughly translates into: "Lead unit of the Frontal and Military air units", ). The following units were part of the FO FMTFK:
"Klement Gottwald", Drewitz Air Base
, Drewitz
, Drewitz
"Gebhardt Leberecht von Blücher", Laage Air Base
, Laage
, Laage
"Paul Wieczorek", Laage Air Base
, Laage
, Laage
"Werner Seelenbinder"'', Brandenburg-Briest
, Brandenburg-Briest
, Strausberg
, Strausberg
, Dresden-Klotzsche Airport
, Dresden-Klotzsche
, Preschen Air Base
, Drewitz Air Base
Insignia
A diamond-shaped symbol identified LSK aircraftdivided into vertical black, red, and gold stripes corresponding to the horizontal fesses or bars on the GDR state flag. The centre of the diamond portrayed the GDR coat of arms: a hammer and compass surrounded by a wreath of yellow grain. The symbol differentiated the from the West German , which displayed a stylised Iron Cross similar to the emblem on German aircraft during World War I.
Uniforms
The uniforms of the two German air forces were also different: following an older German tradition, LSK/LV uniforms were the same stone gray worn by army personnel, modified by distinctive blue insignia (similar in style, but not colour, to World War II ranks) and piping. West German uniforms, on the other hand, were blue with yellow insignia and more closely modelled on those worn by personnel during World War II.
Aircraft
Starting in 1953, East Germany received An-2, La-9, Yak-11, and Yak-18 aircraft and the MiG-15bis/UTI, MiG-17/Lim-5P, An-14A, Il-14P, MiG-9, MiG-19, Il-28, Mi-4, and Ka-26 in 1956 which were provided by the Soviet Union. The first MiG-21s were delivered in 1962. The 1970s saw the introduction of the MiG-23, while Su-22 fighter-bombers were delivered in the 1980s. The latest addition was the MiG-29 in 1988. The inventory also included Soviet-built helicopters along with trainers and other light aircraft manufactured in Czechoslovakia.
The East German Air Force was unique among Warsaw Pact countries in that it was often equipped with the most advanced Soviet fighters, instead of downgraded export models. As an extension of the Soviet 16th Air Army deployed in East Germany, the was expected to play a front-line role in any war with NATO. As a result, it was under closer Soviet control than the air forces of other Warsaw Pact states.
After German reunification in 1990, the assumed control over equipment and enlisted some of its personnel. Many of the GDR's military aircraft were obsolete or incompatible with NATO technical standards, and were sold to other countries. However, the did retain the MiG-29 in both air defense and aggressor roles because of its excellent capabilities.
LSK/LV equipment
Equipment of the LSK/LV in 1989:
References
External links
Home.snafu.de
Transportflieger.eu
Luroko.de
1956 establishments in East Germany
1990 disestablishments in Germany
Military units and formations established in 1956
Military units and formations disestablished in 1990
Gazeran or Gazoran or Gazran () may refer to:
Gazeran, Farahan
Gazeran, Khondab
Rubi Rebelde is a 1989 Venezuelan telenovela produced by Radio Caracas Televisión based on the radionovelas La gata and Enamorada by Cuban author Inés Rodena. This version was written by Carlos Romero, Perla Farías, María Antonieta Gómez and Boris Izaguirre. This telenovela lasted 172 episodes and was distributed internationally by RCTV International.
Mariela Alcalá and Jaime Araque starred as the main protagonists with Joana Benedek, Adolfo Cubas as the main antagonists.
Synopsis
The slums held no apparent future for Rubi, a young girl abandoned and exploited. Victor lives on the other side of town from Rubi. A minor accident brings them together, sparking an instant attraction. Víctor's family is torn by secret ambitions and bitterness. Their mother is an angry woman full of resentment. They battle a hostile relationship with Victor's paternal grandmother, who controls the family's wealth. Victor's brother, with their villainous ideas and evil notions, is much like their mother. Their younger sister, the sweet Virginia, is blind. Victor is outstanding, both kind and warmhearted, and Rubi is induced by them to enter the family home. Their concern is misinterpreted by Rubi as love for them To make matters worse, Rubi is despised by Victor's mother. Their grandmother, however, finds their charm and innocence touching. To avenge their spiteful daughter-in-law, the grandmother changes their will to name Rubi sole benefactor. Now potentially wealthy, Rubi is thrust into an unknown world, one in which they will again be compelled to fight to survive.
Cast
Mariela Alcala as Rubi
Jaime Araque as Víctor Alfonso Miranda
Ricardo Herranz as Francisco
Alejandro Delgado as Reynaldo Itturralde
Maria Teresa Acosta as Leonor Miranda
Haydee Balza as La China
Joana Benedek as Zoraida
Jose Daniel Bort as Tilico
Inés María Calero as Gladys
Yajaira Orta+Dalila Colombo as Lucrecia de Miranda
Adolfo Cubas as Nelson
Isabel Herrera as Macorina
Ileana Jacket as Carolina
Adelaida Mora as Virginia
Frank Moreno as Sabatino
René Muñoz as Padre Martin
Jorge Palacios as Leonardo
Carolina Perpetuo as Ana María
Rosario Prieto as Dorila
Victoria Roberts as Meche
Marcelo Romo as Felix
Carlota Sosa as Carmela
Vicente Tepedino as Fabián
Maria Bosco as Giustina(Hermina)
Alberto Marin as Emilio Castro
Remake
Nathalie Lartilleux remade Rubi Rebelde in 2014 along with the 1970 Mexican telenovela La Gata into a new telenovela called La Gata , and Maite Perroni and Daniel Arenas starred as the protagonists.
References
External links
Rubi Rebelde at the Internet Movie Database
1989 telenovelas
RCTV telenovelas
Venezuelan telenovelas
1989 Venezuelan television series debuts
1989 Venezuelan television series endings
Spanish-language telenovelas
Television shows set in Venezuela
Eric Jay Dolin (born 1961) is an American author who writes history books, which often focus on maritime topics, wildlife, and the environment. They have published fourteen books, which have won numerous awards.
Education
Dolin grew up near the coasts of New York and Connecticut, and graduated from Brown University, where they majored in biology and environmental studies. After getting a master's degree in environmental management from the Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, they received their Ph.D. in environmental policy and planning from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Family
Eric and their wife Jennifer live in Marblehead, Massachusetts, with their two children.
Career
Dolin has worked as: (a) program manager at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency; (b) environmental consultant for (i) Booz Allen Hamilton (MD) and (ii) Environmental Resources Limited (London); (c) an intern (i) at National Wildlife Federation, (ii) at the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management, and (iii) for Senator Lowell P. Weicker, Jr. on Capitol Hill; (d) fisheries policy analyst at the National Marine Fisheries Service; (e) technical writer for the National Transportation Safety Board; (f) PEW research fellow at Harvard Law School; and (g) American Association for the Advancement of Science Mass Media Science and Engineering Fellow at Business Week. Since 2007, they have been a full-time writer.
Bibliography
A Furious Sky: The Five-Hundred-Year History of America's Hurricanes (Liveright, an imprint of W. W. Norton, June 2020)
Black Flags, Blue Waters: The Epic History of America's Most Notorious Pirates (Liveright, an imprint of W. W. Norton, 2018, 400 pp., 120 illus.,
Brilliant Beacons: A History of the American Lighthouse (Liveright, an imprint of W. W. Norton, 2016, 560 pp., 160 illus., ).
When America First Met China: An Exotic History of Tea, Drugs, and Money in the Age of Sail (Liveright Publishing Corporation, 2012, 384 pp., 102 illus., )
Fur, Fortune, and Empire: The Epic History of the Fur Trade in America (W. W. Norton, 2010, 464 pp., 90 illus., )
Leviathan: The History of Whaling In America (W. W. Norton, 2007, 480 pp., 90 illus., )
The Ph.D. Survival Guide (iUniverse, 2005, 140 pp., )
Political Waters: The Long, Dirty, Contentious, Incredibly Expensive but Eventually Triumphant History of Boston Harbor - A Unique Environmental Success Story (University of Massachusetts Press, 2004, 240 pp., 40 illus., )
Snakehead: A Fish out of Water (Smithsonian Books, 2003, 266 pp., 58 illus., )
Smithsonian Book of National Wildlife Refuges (Illustrations by John and Karen Hollingsworth, Smithsonian Books, 2003, 258 pp., 200 illus., )
The Duck Stamp Story: Art-Conservation-History (co-author, Bob Dumaine, Krause Publications, 2000, 206 pp., 300 illus., )
International Environmental Treaty Making (co-authored with Lawrence E. Susskind and J. William Breslin; Program on Negotiation Books, Harvard Law School, 1992, 192 pp., )
Dirty Water Clean Water: A Chronology of Events Surrounding the Degradation and Cleanup of Boston Harbor (MIT Sea Grant College Program, 1990, 144 pp., )
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (Know your government) (Chelsea House Publishers, 1989, )
Awards
Black Flags, Blue Waters: The Epic History of America's Most Notorious Pirates was chosen as a "Must-Read" book for 2019 by the Massachusetts Center for the Book; as a finalist for the 2019 Julia Ward Howe Award given by the Boston Author's Club; and it was selected by Goodreads as one of September's top five History/Biography titles recommended in their monthly New Releases e-mail.
Brilliant Beacons: A History of the American Lighthouse was chosen by gCaptain and Classic Boat Best Nautical Book of 2016.
When America First Met China: An Exotic History of Tea, Drugs, and Money in the Age of Sail was chosen by Kirkus Reviews as one of the top 100 nonfiction books for 2012; won a gold medal for history in the 2013 Independent Publisher Book Awards; and was chosen by the Boston Author's Club as a "Highly Recommended Book."
Fur, Fortune, and Empire: The Epic History of the Fur Trade in America won the 2010 James P. Hanlan Book Award, given by the New England Historical Association; a bronze medal for history in the 2011 Independent Publisher Book Awards; and was awarded first place in the Outdoor Writers Association of America, Excellence in Craft Contest.
Leviathan: The History of Whaling in America won the 2007 John Lyman Award for U.S. Maritime History; the twenty-third annual L. Byrne Waterman Award, given by the New Bedford Whaling Museum, for outstanding contributions to whaling research and history; a silver medal in the 2008 Independent Publisher Book Awards.
The Duck Stamp Story: Art, Conservation, History (Krause Publications, 2000) won the gold medal for books at the 2001 American Philatelic Society Stampshow.
Dolin has been awarded an E. Geoffrey and Elizabeth Thayer Verney Fellowship, Nantucket Historical Association (2005); a Martin Environmental Fellowship, MIT (1990–1991); a Switzer Environmental Fellowship (1990–1991 and 1989–1990)l and a C.V. Starr Fellowship for National Service, Brown University (1982–1983). And in 2007, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change presented Dolin with a certificate recognizing their contribution to the joint award of the Nobel Peace Prize for 2007 to the IPCC.
References
External links
American male writers
Living people
1961 births
Oh Kyu-bin (; born 4 September 1992) is a South Korean professional footballer
Club career
Oh played football for both their high school, Jeonju Technical High School and also for the Kwandong University, before joining Seoul E-Land FC. They were loaned to national league side Gyeongju HNP in 2015, although they did not make an appearance.
They then joined K League Challenge side Chungju Hummel FC, where they amassed 21 appearances, scoring once.
In 2017, Oh joined Malaysian side Perlis FA.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Chungju Hummel FC players
Perlis FA players
K League 2 players
Acacia aulacophylla is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves that is endemic to western Australia.
Description
The bushy shrub typically grows to a height of and has glabrous and terete branchlets with hairy golden new shoots. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The semi-rigid, glabrous and evergreen phyllodes are ascending to erect and needle-like with a length of and a diameter of with eight nerves and furrows in between. It blooms from April to August and produces yellow flowers and produces simple inflorescences simple that appear singly or in pairs in the axils. The spherical flower-heads have a diameter of containing 40 to 87 densely packed golden coloured flowers. Following flowering leathery and glabrous seed pods form that have a linear shape and are not strongly raised over or constricted between each of the seeds. The pods have a length of and a width of with the seeds arranged longitudinally inside. The dull black seeds have a broadly elliptic shape with a length of and a crested periphery.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by the botanists Richard Sumner Cowan and Bruce Maslin in 1995 as part of the work Acacia Miscellany. Five groups of microneurous species of Acacia (Leguminosae: Mimosoideae: section Plurinerves), mostly from Western Australia as published in the journal Nuytsia. It was later reclassified as Racosperma aulacophyllum by Leslie Pedley in 2003 and then transferred back to genus Acacia in 2006.
Distribution
It is native to an area in the Wheatbelt, Mid West and Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia where it is commonly situated on plains, breakaways and laterite or granite hills growing in clay, loamy, sandy or rocky soils. It has a scattered distribution with the bulk of the population found from around Byro Station in the north to around Morawa in the south to around Cue in the east as a part of scrubland communities dominated by other species of Acacia.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
External links
aulacophylla
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1995
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
Taxa named by Richard Sumner Cowan
Senator Aldridge may refer to:
Cliff Aldridge (born 1962), Oklahoma State Senate
Vic Aldridge (1893–1973), Indiana State Senate
See also
Senator Aldrich (disambiguation)
Konstantów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dzwola, east of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
In biochemistry, a cross-linked enzyme aggregate is an immobilized enzyme prepared via cross-linking of the physical enzyme aggregates with a difunctional cross-linker. They can be used as stereoselective industrial biocatalysts.
Background
Enzymes are proteins that catalyze (i.e. accelerate) chemical reactions. They are natural catalysts and are ubiquitous, in plants, animals and microorganisms where they catalyze processes that are vital to living organisms. They are intimately involved in numerous biotechnological processes, such as cheese making, beer brewing and winemaking, that date back to the dawn of civilization. Recent advances in biotechnology, particularly in genetic and protein engineering, and genetics have provided the basis for the efficient development of enzymes with improved properties for established applications and novel, tailor-made enzymes for completely new applications where enzymes were not previously used.
Today, enzymes are widely applied in many different industries and the number of applications continues to increase. Examples include food (baking, dairy products, starch conversion) and beverage (beer, wine, fruit and vegetable juices) processing, animal feed, textiles, pulp and paper, detergents, biosensors, cosmetics, health care and nutrition, waste water treatment, pharmaceutical and chemical manufacture and, more recently, biofuels such as biodiesel. The main driver for the widespread application of enzymes is their small environmental footprint.
Many traditional chemical conversions used in various industries suffer from inherent drawbacks from both an economic and environmental viewpoint. Non-specific reactions can afford low product yields, copious amounts of waste and impure products. The need for elevated temperatures and pressures leads to high energy consumption and high capital investment costs. Disposal of unwanted by-products may be difficult and/or expensive and hazardous solvents may be required. In stark contrast, enzymatic reactions are performed under mild conditions of temperature and pressure, in water as solvent, and exhibit very high rates and are often highly specific. Moreover, they are produced from renewable raw materials and are biodegradable. In addition, the mild operating conditions of enzymatic processes mean that they can be performed in relatively simple equipment and are easy to control. In short, they reduce the environmental footprint of manufacturing by reducing the consumption of energy and chemicals and concomitant generation of waste.
In the production of fine chemicals, flavors and fragrances, agrochemicals and pharmaceuticals an important benefit of enzymes is the high degree of chemoselectivity, regioselectivity and enantioselectivity which they exhibit. Particularly, their ability to catalyze the formation of products in high enantiopurity, by an exquisite stereochemical control, is of the utmost importance in these industries.
Notwithstanding all these desirable characteristic features of enzymes, their widespread industrial application is often hampered by their lack of long term operational stability and shelf-storage life, as well as by their cumbersome recovery and re-use. These drawbacks can be generally overcome by enzyme immobilization. A major present challenge in industrial biocatalysis is the development of stable, robust and preferably insoluble biocatalysts.
Immobilization
See Immobilized enzyme for more information.
There are several reasons for immobilizing an enzyme. In addition to more convenient handling of the enzyme, it provides for its facile separation from the product, thereby minimizing or eliminating protein contamination of the product. Immobilization also facilitates the efficient recovery and re-use of costly enzymes, in many applications a conditio sine qua non for economic viability, and enables their use in continuous, fixed-bed operation. A further benefit is often enhanced stability, under both storage and operational conditions, e.g. towards denaturation by heat or organic solvents or by autolysis. Enzymes are rather delicate molecules that can easily lose their unique three-dimensional structure, essential for their activity, by denaturation (unfolding). Improved enzyme performance via enhanced stability, over a broad pH and temperature range as well as tolerance towards organic solvents, coupled with repeated re-use is reflected in higher catalyst productivities (kg product/kg enzyme) which, in turn, determine the enzyme costs per kg product.
Basically, three traditional methods of enzyme immobilization can be distinguished: binding to a support(carrier), entrapment (encapsulation) and cross-linking. Support binding can be physical, ionic, or covalent in nature. However, physical bonding is generally too weak to keep the enzyme fixed to the carrier under industrial conditions of high reactant and product concentrations and high ionic strength. The support can be a synthetic resin, a biopolymer or an inorganic polymer such as (mesoporous) silica or a zeolite. Entrapment involves inclusion of an enzyme in a polymer network (gel lattice) such as an organic polymer or a silica sol-gel, or a membrane device such as a hollow fiber or a microcapsule. Entrapment requires the synthesis of the polymeric network in the presence of the enzyme. The third category involves cross-linking of enzyme aggregates or crystals, using a bifunctional reagent, to prepare carrier-free macroparticles.
The use of a carrier inevitably leads to ‘dilution of activity', owing to the introduction of a large portion of non-catalytic ballast, ranging from 90% to >99%, which results in lower space-time yields and productivities. Moreover, immobilization of an enzyme on a carrier often leads to a substantial loss of activity, especially at high enzyme loadings. Consequently, there is an increasing interest in carrier-free immobilized enzymes, such as cross-linked enzyme crystals (CLECs) and cross-linked enzyme aggregates (CLEAs) that offer the advantages of highly concentrated enzyme activity combined with high stability and low production costs owing to the exclusion of an additional (expensive) carrier.
Cross-Linked Enzyme Aggregates (CLEAs)
The use of cross-linked enzyme crystals (CLECs) as industrial biocatalysts was pioneered by Altus Biologics in the 1990s. CLECs proved to be significantly more stable to denaturation by heat, organic solvents and proteolysis than the corresponding soluble enzyme or lyophilized (freeze-dried) powder. CLECs are robust, highly active immobilized enzymes of controllable particle size, varying from 1 to 100 micrometers. Their operational stability and ease of recycling, coupled with their high catalyst and volumetric productivities, renders them ideally suited for industrial biotransformations.
However, CLECs have an inherent disadvantage: enzyme crystallization is a laborious procedure requiring enzyme of high purity, which translates to prohibitively high costs. The more recently developed cross-linked enzyme aggregates (CLEAs), on the other hand, are produced by simple precipitation of the enzyme from aqueous solution, as physical aggregates of protein molecules, by the addition of salts, or water miscible organic solvents or non-ionic polymers. The physical aggregates are held together by covalent bonding without perturbation of their tertiary structure, that is without denaturation. Subsequent cross-linking of these physical aggregates renders them permanently insoluble while maintaining their pre-organized superstructure, and, hence their catalytic activity. This discovery led to the development of a new family of immobilized enzymes: cross-linked enzyme aggregates (CLEAs). Since precipitation from an aqueous medium, by addition of ammonium sulfate or polyethylene glycol, is often used to purify enzymes, the CLEA methodology essentially combines purification and immobilization into a single unit operation that does not require a highly pure enzyme. It could be used, for example, for the direct isolation of an enzyme, in a purified and immobilized form suitable for performing biotransformations, from a crude fermentation broth.
CLEAs are very attractive biocatalysts, owing to their facile, inexpensive and effective production method. They can readily be reused and exhibit improved stability and performance. The methodology is applicable to essentially any enzyme, including cofactor dependent oxidoreductases. Application to penicillin acylase used in antibiotic synthesis showed large improvements over other type of biocatalysts.
The potential applications of CLEAs are numerous and include:
Synthesis of pharmaceuticals, flavors and fragrances, agrochemicals, nutraceuticals, fine chemicals, bulk monomers and biofuels.
Animal feed, e.g. phytase for utilization of organically bound phosphate by pigs and poultry.
Food and beverage processing, e.g. lipases in cheese manufacture and laccase in wine clarification.
Cosmetics, e.g. in skin care products
Oils and fats processing, e.g. in biolubricants, bioemulsifiers, bioemollients.
Carbohydrate processing, e.g. laccase in carbohydrate oxidations.
Pulp and paper, e.g. in pulp bleaching.
Detergents, e.g. proteases, amylases and lipases for removal of protein, carbohydrate and fat stains.
Waste water treatment, e.g. for removal of phenols, dyes, and endocrine disrupters.
Biosensors/diagnostics, e.g. glucose oxidase and cholesterol oxidase biosensors.
Delivery of proteins as therapeutic agents or nutritional/digestive supplements e.g. beta-galactosidase for digestive hydrolysis of lactose in dairy products to alleviate the symptoms of lactose intolerance.
References
External links
Description of Methodology
Catalysis
Enzymes
Stereochemistry
Harold Chamberlain "Hal" Banks (February 28, 1909 – September 24, 1985) from Waterloo, Iowa was a controversial labour union leader in Canada. An American with mob connections, they came to Canada in 1949 to help bust purportedly Communist-controlled Canadian Seaman's Union and establish the Seafarers International Union as their replacement.
They remained in Canada until 1964, when they returned to the United States rather than face criminal charges stemming from a physical assault on a rival union leader. The Pearson government took control of the union and pressed charges against him. The Canadian government filed an extradition request, which was refused by U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson.
At the time, a conspiracy was alleged that the Canadian government purposefully allowed Banks to escape and only charged them in offences that would not qualify them for extradition from the United States. It almost caused the fall of the Liberal government in Parliament. A news team found them living in a yacht in New York City.
In 1985, Canadian documentary filmmaker Donald Brittain made a film about Banks, Canada's Sweetheart: The Saga of Hal C. Banks. Maury Chaykin played Banks in historical reenactments. A 1988 book by Canadian author Peter Edwards, "Waterfront Warlord" corrected several errors in the film, including the implication that Banks had their nemesis John Droeger killed.
See also
Canadian Merchant Navy
Seafarers International Union of Canada
Seafarers International Union of North America
Notes
External links
Canadian trade unionists
Trade unionists from Iowa
People from Waterloo, Iowa
1909 births
1985 deaths
American emigrants to Canada
"Blitzgiving" is the tenth episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 122nd episode overall. It aired on November 22, 2010.
Plot
It is the day before Thanksgiving, and Ted is hosting their first Thanksgiving for the group, and tries their best to make it memorable. They make a special turkey by stuffing it with a smaller turkey, calling it a "turturkeykey". Just as they are about to call it an early night, Marshall and the group tell them not to leave the bar, or they will get the curse of "The Blitz". Future Ted explains how an old college friend, Steve Henry (Jorge Garcia), had the curse of The Blitz; whenever they would leave the room with a group, something amazing would happen.
The next morning, Ted awakens to find their apartment a wreck. The gang is all present with Steve, and Ted discovers Zoey sleeping in the bathtub. Lily explains that Zoey entered MacLaren's after Ted left and, while the group originally schemed to get back at her, they ended up having a great night with them and Steve. Ted realizes they truly have been cursed with The Blitz.
As a result of the group's actions the previous night, Ted's oven is broken and the gang seek a place where they could cook the turkey. Lily remembers that Zoey invited them all to their place for Thanksgiving, as their husband is spending Thanksgiving with their daughter. Barney hitches a separate cab to Zoey's but then realizes they may have been cursed with The Blitz by being away from the group. Barney meets the group outside Zoey's apartment and they realize that they have become The Blitz, as the group had earlier run into a Thanksgiving Day parade.
At Zoey's apartment, Lily tries to convince Ted that enemies can become friends but Zoey and Ted start fighting, during which they compare them to an evil stepmother, which makes them so angry that they order them to leave. While heading back Ted realises that the reason their insult upset Zoey so much was because they are hurt by the fact that their stepdaughter avoids spending time with them on the holidays. Ted and the group head back to the apartment and Ted asks for Zoey's forgiveness, saying that they understand their feelings for their stepdaughter. As the group enjoys a Thanksgiving meal, Future Ted says it is how they and Zoey finally became friends, also stating that the 'turturkeykey' tasted "wrong".
After dinner, Barney and Steve head towards the elevator. Steve remembers that they forgot their jacket and turns to retrieve it. Just then, a girl from the neighboring apartment darts into the elevator, with Barney inside. As the door closes, their dress gets stuck between the doors and rips apart. Steve realizes that they have been "Blitzed" again.
Critical response
Reviews for the episode were positive.
Donna Bowman of the A.V. Club graded the episode at A−, praising the story development and the various ideas put in that actually worked together. They also noted Garcia's appearance as a continuance of their story after the Lost finale and Barney's desperation not to miss out on various events.
Angel Cohn of Television Without Pity also put the episode at A−, saying the writers did well to insert Lost references and help Garcia discover more comedic skills.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode a rating of 8 out of 10.
Chris O'Hara of TVFanatic.com gave the episode a rating of 2.8 out of 5.
References
External links
How I Met Your Mother (season 6) episodes
2010 American television episodes
Thanksgiving television episodes
Agnes Beahn Baggett (April 9, 1905 – December 15, 1992) was an American politician who served in the state of Alabama. They served as Alabama's Secretary of State from 1951 to 1955, 1963–1967 and 1975–1979. They also served as Alabama State Treasurer from 1959–1963 and 1967–1975. They were also the inaugural holder of the position of State Auditor.
Early life
Baggett was born and raised in Columbus, Georgia where they were educated in public schools.
Career
Baggett served as law clerk in the office of the district attorney of the L. & N. Railroad at Montgomery from March 1925 to October 1927, and in the Alabama Secretary of State's office from October 1927 to March 1946. They also served as assistant clerk of the Supreme Court of Alabama from August 15, 1946, until the spring of 1950.
In 1951, Baggett served as the Alabama Secretary of State until 1955. In 1955 Baggett served as the Alabama state auditor until 1959. In 1959, Baggett served as the Alabama State Treasurer again until 1963. In 1963, Baggett served as the Alabama Secretary of State again until 1967. In 1967, Baggett served as the Alabama State Treasurer again until 1975. In 1975, Baggett served as the Alabama Secretary of State again until 1979. Baggett was one of the most elected officials in Alabama history.
References
http://www.archives.alabama.gov/conoff/baggett.html
1905 births
1992 deaths
Alabama Democrats
Women state constitutional officers of Alabama
State Auditors of Alabama
State treasurers of Alabama
Secretaries of State of Alabama
People from Columbus, Georgia
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
Zordaar is a 1996 Indian Hindi-language film directed by Ajay Kashyap. It stars Govinda, Aditya Pancholi, Mandakini, Neelam in pivotal roles. The film was shot and completed in 1988 but was delayed and released 8 years later. This film had marked actor Mandakini's final film prior to their choice of retirement (to concentrate on their family further).
Cast
Govinda as Ravi
Aditya Pancholi as Shiva / Tony
Mandakini as Neha
Neelam as Anju Sharma
Gulshan Grover as Devil
Kiran Kumar as Fox
Aloknath as Sanga
Shafi Inamdar as ACP Sharma
Bob Christo as John
Soundtrack
Available on T-Series on LP, CD, Cassette and Digital Download.
External links
1990s Hindi-language films
1996 films
Films scored by Anu Malik
NGC 1428 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Fornax, 75 million light years from Earth. It is a member of the Fornax Cluster. Its diameter is 24,000 light years.
It was discovered by Johann Friedrich Julius Schmidt on January 19, 1865.
See also
NGC 1399
NGC 1316
NGC 1317
NGC 1365
NGC 1350
NGC 1427A
NGC 1427
IC 1993
IC 2006
References
Elliptical galaxies
Fornax (constellation)
Fornax Cluster
1428
013611
Rossoshansky (masculine), Rossoshanskaya (feminine), or Rossoshanskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Rossoshansky District, a district of Voronezh Oblast, Russia
Rossoshansky (rural locality), a rural locality (a settlement) in Volgograd Oblast, Russia
Cersosimo is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The Greater Egg Harbor Regional High School District is a regional public high school district in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. The district serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from the constituent municipalities of Egg Harbor City, Galloway Township, Hamilton Township and Mullica Township, together with the districts of the City of Port Republic and Washington Township (in Burlington County) who attend as part of sending/receiving relationships.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the district, comprised of three schools, had an enrollment of 3,082 students and 264.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.7:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "CD", the sixth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From the lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
History
The district was established with the passage of a referendum in January 1957 by the five constituent municipalities of Egg Harbor City, Egg Harbor Township, Galloway Township, Hamilton Township and Mullica Township by a 5-1 margin that allocated $1.7 million (equivalent to $ million in ) for the construction of what would become Oakcrest High School. Egg Harbor Regional High School opened in September 1960, with 150 students from Hamilton Township shifted out of Vineland High School. The school was renamed as Oakcrest High School for the start of the 1960-61 school year. The school name was chosen based on its site on the crest of a hill amid oak trees.
Absegami High School opened in September 1982, after the school had co-existed with Oakcrest in a single building.
In a referendum held on September 25, 2007, by a 3,176 - 1,719 margin, voters approved a plan to construct a third high school in the district, to be located in Egg Harbor City and constricted at a cost of $81.7 million. The new Cedar Creek High School was planned to alleviate overcrowding in the two existing schools and serve students from Egg Harbor City and Mullica Township. Construction began in Fall 2008 and opened to students in September 2010.
In 2009-2010, the district had 3,296 students, its peak enrollment. Enrollment decreased afterward due to a decline in casino jobs. Between 2009-2010 and 2014 its enrollment declined by almost 6%.
Awards and recognition
For the 2005-06 school year, the district was recognized with the "Best Practices Award" by the New Jersey Department of Education for its "A Proactive Approach to Guidance and Career Services" Career Education program at Oakcrest High School.
Schools
Schools in the district (with 2020–21 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Absegami High School (1,132 students), located in Galloway Township, serves students from Galloway Township.
Cedar Creek High School (935 students) located in Egg Harbor City, serves students from Egg Harbor City, Mullica Township, Port Republic and Washington Township (in Burlington County).
Oakcrest High School (937 students) located in Hamilton Township, serves students from Hamilton Township.
Administration
Core members of the districts' administration are:
James Reina, Superintendent
Thomas P. Grossi, Business Administrator / Board Secretary
Board of education
The district's board of education, comprised of nine members, sets policy and oversees the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the day-to-day operation of the district. Seats on the nine-member board are allocated based on the population of the constituent municipalities, with four seats assigned to Galloway Township, three to Hamilton Township and one each to Egg Harbor City and Mullica Township.
References
External links
Greater Egg Harbor Regional High School District
School Data for the Greater Egg Harbor Regional High School District, National Center for Education Statistics
1957 establishments in New Jersey
School districts established in 1957
New Jersey District Factor Group CD
School districts in Atlantic County, New Jersey
School districts in Burlington County, New Jersey
Egg Harbor City, New Jersey
Galloway Township, New Jersey
Hamilton Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey
Mullica Township, New Jersey
Port Republic, New Jersey
Washington Township, Burlington County, New Jersey
Rosy & Andres were a Dutch musical duo made up of Rosy Pereira and Dries Holten. They recorded together from the mid to late 1970s. Their best known song is "My Love".
History
Rosy Pereira was born in 1951 and is the daughter of steel guitarist Coy Pereira. Andres is a Dutch singer, songwriter of Indonesian descent. In 1972, they represented the Netherlands at the 1972 Eurovision Song Contest.
1976
In the October 9, 1976 issue of Billboard, their single "My Love" reached position no 3 in the Dutch chart, just behind "In Zaire" by Johnny Wakelin and with "Dancing Queen" by ABBA at no 1. By October 23, 1976, their single "My Love" had dropped to no 8 in the Dutch chart. It was announced in a November 1976 issue of Billboard that they along with the Dutch Swing College Band, Jules de Corte and others had recorded for a fund raising album for the Dutch Heart Foundation, due for release on the 11th of November.
1977
While on the Eddie Becker Television Show, they were awarded a gold disc for their My Love album which was their debut album. In early June, 1977, "My Love" was no 9 in the Swiss Top Ten. Previously in late April that year, it was at no 5 in the Swiss chart. later in June of that year, they along with singers Therese Steinmetz and Conny Vink and a violin duo made up of Sem Vijveen & Benny Behr were sent to Romania for a five-day visit. Rosy and Andres were to sing a song in Romanian. The song "Bucaresti" was originally "Sausilito", a Dutch Top Ten hit from 1975.
In late 1977, they along with Camel, ZZ Top and other Teldec international acts were given massive promotion via the press and television spectaculars.
Discography
Singles
"Sausilito" / "Dance Dance" - CNR 141 317 - (1976)
"Sausalito" / " Tanz, Tanz, Tanz - Telefunken 6 11796 - (1976)
"I Was Born To Love" / "Why Don't You Phone Me" - CNR 141 326 - (1976)
"My Love" / "I Wanna Be Your baby" - CNR 141 351 - (1976)
"My Love" / "Vielleicht Noch Fünf Minuten" - Telefunken 6 11997 - (1976)
"I Believe In You" / "Walt Disney's Wonderworld" - CNR 141 392 - (1977)
"Save Me" / Kiss Me On The Phone" - CNR 141 415 - (1977)
"I'd Rather Be Sorry" / Sing Me Another Lovesong" - CNR 141 433 - (1977)
"Zwei Wie Du Und Ich" / "Wir Spielen Katz Uns Maus" - Telefunken 6 12090 - (1977)
Albums
My Love - CNR 657 529 - (1976)
Come Closer - CNR 660.015 - (197?)
16 Gouden Successen - CNR – 541.664 - (1978)
Pasar Malam Souveniers - Discount Music DCCD 20010 - (2000)
References
Dutch musical duos
Dutch-based Indonesian musical duos
Indonesian musical duos
Male–female musical duos
The TSV Schott Mainz is a German association football club from the town of Mainz, Rhineland-Palatinate. Apart from football the club also offers more than 30 other sports like ice hockey, field hockey and American football and has 4,000 members. It is financially supported by the Schott AG.
The club's greatest success has been to earn promotion to the tier four Regionalliga Südwest in 2017.
History
Formed in 1953 the club, then under the name of TuS Glaswerk Schott Mainz earned promotion to the tier-four 2. Amateurliga Rheinhessen in 1962. Its first season there was a success, coming third in the league but results declined from there on and, by 1969 the club was relegated again after coming last. In the next four decades the club played in local amateur football before returning to its former heights.
Mainz began its rise through the league system in 2008 when it won the local Kreisliga championship, the first of four consecutive championships and promotions. In 2009 the club won the Bezirksklasse, followed by the Bezirksliga in 2010 and the Landesliga in 2011. Playing in the Verbandsliga Südwest for the next three seasons from 2011 Mainz came seventh in its first season there, followed by a runners-up finish in 2013. A Verbandsliga title in 2014 meant the club was promoted to the Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar for the first time.
Honours
The club's honours:
Verbandsliga Südwest
Champions: 2014
Runners-up: 2013
Landesliga Südwest-Ost
Champions: 2011
Bezirksliga Rheinhessen
Champions: 2010
Bezirksklasse Rheinhessen-Nord
Champions: 2009
Kreisliga Mainz-Bingen-West
Champions: 2008
Southwestern Cup
Champions: 2022
Recent seasons
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
With the introduction of the Regionalligas in 1994 and the 3. Liga in 2008 as the new third tier, below the 2. Bundesliga, all leagues below dropped one tier.
Key
References
External links
Official team site
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Rhineland-Palatinate
Association football clubs established in 1953
1953 establishments in West Germany
Tsv
Semyonovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2002.
Geography
Semyonovskaya is located 70 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ilyukhinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
The Vagabonds (German: Die Landstreicher) is a 1937 German operetta film directed by Karel Lamac and starring Paul Hörbiger, Lucie Englisch and Gretl Theimer. It is an adaptation of the 1899 operetta of the same name by Carl Michael Ziehrer.
Location shooting took place around Lake Schliersee.
Cast
Paul Hörbiger as Haselhof
Lucie Englisch as Steffi
Erika Druzovic as Julliane Marie
Rudolf Carl as Kasimir
Rudolf Platte as Brack
Gretl Theimer as Christl
Wastl Witt as Stolzingen
Walter Grüters as Nieder
Leo Peukert as Bürgermeister
Werner Finck as Der Graf
See also
The Vagabonds (1916)
References
Bibliography
Bock, Hans-Michael & Bergfelder, Tim. The Concise CineGraph. Encyclopedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books, 2009.
External links
1937 films
Films of Nazi Germany
German musical comedy films
1937 musical comedy films
1930s German-language films
Films directed by Karel Lamač
Films shot in Bavaria
Operetta films
Films based on operettas
Remakes of Austrian films
Sound film remakes of silent films
German black-and-white films
1930s German films
Route 115 is a highway in the St. Louis, Missouri area. Its western terminus is at exit 237 of Interstate 70 (I-70) in Berkeley near Lambert-St. Louis International Airport. Route 115's eastern terminus is also at I-70, at exit 248A, in St. Louis, near the McKinley Bridge. The road is locally known as Natural Bridge Road, Natural Bridge Avenue, and Salisbury Street. It is one of two Missouri Highways that has an odd-numbered designation, yet runs in an east–west direction.
History
West of I-70 exit 237, the name Natural Bridge Road continues westward for two sections of road: as the southern service road of I-70, and as Route B (connected by way of Lambert International Boulevard). Prior to the construction of I-70 and several phases of expansion of Lambert Airport, Route 115 continued west as far as St. Charles, which included a portion of Natural Bridge Road in Bridgeton which has been significantly impacted by recent airport expansion. Portions of the same right-of-way exist as a section of St. Charles Rock Road (which is now Route 180) west of I-270. This route was once part of Route 115.
After the Discovery Bridge on the eastern portion of Route 370 opened in 1992, the portions of Route 115 west of the airport were removed from the state highway system. In 1998, the former Route 115 bridge across the Missouri River was demolished.
Major intersections
See also
Old St. Charles Bridge
McKinley Bridge
References
115
Transportation in St. Louis County, Missouri
Roads in Greater St. Louis
Ursberg is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
Nearby is Ursberg Abbey, a former Imperial Abbey of the Holy Roman Empire.
Notable residents
Theo Waigel, former Chairperson of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria party and Federal Minister of Finance of Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Just Hear It, stylized just hear !t, is an online music search engine, music discovery, and music streaming service. It allows users to search for and instantly listen to any song from its collection of over 16 Million tracks. As of January 2010, Just Hear It has displayed only an interactive image of its logo on the website.
Features
Just Hear It allows users to search, play songs and create playlists. Other features such as creating a Media Library, saving playlists and bookmarking songs were available only to members of its Private Beta program. Just Hear It does now allow users to download songs.
Just Hear It's homepage design is very minimalistic and similar to that of Google Search. It features nothing more than a search bar, a few links and a sentence that prompted users to "search the web for any song in the world". Recently, the sentence had been replaced with the company's slogan "Any song. Legal. Free."
The interface runs in Adobe Flash, features a glossy black background and is organized in three distinct areas. The left area is occupied by a search bar, the center by a song list, similar to that of iTunes, and the right area by a player and playlist manager. Its player is one of the few on the internet that includes the full functionality of standard music services, including shuffle and repeat buttons.
Almost all interactions with the website, including adding songs to playlists and reordering songs work through drag-and-drop actions. The interface features a subtle color changing ribbon-like wave in the background that added to the visual experience.
History
Just Hear It was founded in 2008 in Los Angeles, California by USC student Nicolae Ivanescu and Emory University student Cosmin Panait. Their goal was to "change the stereotype that free music is illegal while immersing the user in a unique visual experience" and "become the place for music".
Just Hear It launched in Private Beta in late 2008 at USC and Emory University as a free service with no advertisements. During the first months of its private beta stage, the website was visited by well over 1 million people.
Legality
Just Hear It functions as a music search engine and follows DMCA guidelines, paying royalties to all of the major performing-rights organizations. The founders are aiming to negotiate direct deals with record labels.
See also
List of online music databases
imeem
Spotify
Last.fm
Grooveshark
Guvera
Seeqpod
Deezer
Songza
Streaming media
Soundtracker (music streaming)
References
External links
Just Hear It
Online music and lyrics databases
American music websites
Robbie van Graan (24 August 1939 – 18 February 2014) was a South African cricketer. They played sixteen first-class matches for Western Province between 1972 and 1978.
References
External links
1939 births
2014 deaths
South African cricketers
Western Province cricketers
Cricketers from Cape Town
Carlo Verri (1743–1823) was an Italian politician.
Born in Milan, they were the brother of literates Alessandro and Pietro Verri. During the Napoleonic suzerainty in Italy, they were deputy and prefect in the Italian Republic and the Kingdom of Italy. In the town of Biassono there is now a museum dedicated to them .
They died at Verona.
External links
1743 births
1823 deaths
Politicians from Milan
Explorer One, Explorer I, Explorer 1, or variation, may refer to:
Explorer 1 (1958), U.S. Army research satellite, the first successful U.S. satellite
Explorer I (1934), high altitude balloon from National Geographic and the U.S. Army; an unsuccessful attempt at the manned altitude record
Raven Explorer I, a U.S. autogyro kitplane
Explorer 1 (, an Iranian rocket, a variant of the Safir (rocket)
Viga Tech Explorer I, a Chinese UAV drone
[[Foday Explorer|Foday Explorer]] I, a Chinese SUV
See also
Explorer-1 Prime, a Montana State University cubesat
Explorer-1 Prime Unit 2, a Montana State University cubesat
Ocean Explorer I, the final name of the
, predecessor to the Lake Explorer II survey ship
Rolex Explorer, predecessor to the Rolex Explorer II wristwatch
Explorer (disambiguation)
Tonga and China (PRC) established official diplomatic relations in 1998. The two countries maintain cordial diplomatic, economic and military relations.
Context
Oceania is, to the People's Republic of China and the Republic of China (Taiwan), a stage for continuous diplomatic competition. Eight states in Oceania recognise the PRC, and six recognise the ROC. These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies, and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei. In keeping with the "One China" policy, it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with "both Chinas", and this "either/or" factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations. In 2003, the People's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum, and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation. At the same time, PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added: "[T]he PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan". In 2006, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States. The PRC would provide more economic aid, abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific's least developed countries, annul the debt of those countries, distribute free anti-malaria medicines, and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff. Also in 2006, Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands, which the Taipei Times described as "a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan". Similarly, according to Ron Crocombe, Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific, "There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country".
Situation of Chinese Tongans
There were approximately three or four thousand Chinese people living in Tonga in 2001, thus comprising 3 or 4% of the total Tongan population. Chinese Tongans are Tonga's main ethnic minority group, and have been subjected to significant levels of racism, including racist violence, since the late 1990s.
In 2000, noble Tu'ivakano of Nukunuku banned all Chinese stores from their Nukunuku District. This followed alleged complaints from other shopkeepers regarding competition from local Chinese. In 2001, Tonga's Chinese community was hit by a wave of about a hundred racist assaults. The Tongan government decided not to renew the work permits of over 600 Chinese storekeepers, and admitted the decision was in response to “widespread anger at the growing presence of the storekeepers”.
In 2006, rioters caused severe damage to shops owned by Chinese-Tongans in Nukualofa.
These events have had no noticeable negative impact on Sino-Tongan relations; in response to continued Chinese development assistance in 2011, Tongan Deputy Prime Minister Samiu Vaipulu spoke of the "warm relations between [our] two countries".
Current relations
Tonga has consistently recognised the People's Republic of China since 1998.
In 2001, Tonga and the PRC announced their decision to strengthen their "military relations". In 2008, the PRC provided Tonga with military supplies worth over €340,000.
In the wake of riots in Nuku'alofa in 2006, China's Export-Import Bank gave Tonga a $118m loan at an interest rate of only 2% with payments now deferred until 2018. Much of it was used for construction, and paid to Chinese construction companies.
In April 2008, Tongan King George Tupou V visited China, reaffirmed their country's adherence to the "One China" policy, and, according to the Chinese State news agency Xinhua, "supported the measures adopted to handle the incident in Lhasa". King Tupou V also met Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie to "enhance exchange and cooperation between the two militaries". Xinhua stated that China and Tonga have "fruitful cooperation in politics, economy, trade, agriculture and education, and kept a sound coordination in regional and international affairs".
In June 2009, Radio Australia reported that it had "obtained a document" sent from the Chinese embassy in Tonga to the Tongan Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The embassy expressed concern about two Falun Gong members who were visiting Tonga to express their beliefs to Tongans. The Chinese authorities described them as "anti-China", and asked Tonga to take "immediate and appropriate actions" regarding a situation which might harm Sino-Tongan friendly relations. In another document Radio Australia stated it had obtained, Tonga's Secretary for Foreign Affairs instructed police and defence officials to help preserve "Tonga's good relations with China". Radio Australia reported that the two women had allegedly been questioned by Tongan immigration officials, as a result of the Chinese embassy's request.
In 2013, China gave a 60-seat Xian MA-60 airplane to Tonga's airline Real Tonga. This caused some tension between Tonga and New Zealand, because tourism dropped after the New Zealand airline Air Chathams pulled out of Tonga in order not to face subsidized competition and the New Zealand government posted a travel advisory about the safety of MA-60 airplanes.
In July 2020, Tonga asked China to restructure its debts. During the 2020 Summer Olympics, the Chinese government provided some Tongans with all expenses-paid training in China.
References
Tonga
Bilateral relations of Tonga
Tear Me Apart is the 10th album by Tanya Tucker released on October 29. 1979. Produced by British rocker Mike Chapman, who along with longtime songwriting partner Nicky Chinn, wrote two of its songs, it continues the more rock-based sound begun on the preceding TNT, but even more so. The album rose to the No. 33 position on the Billboard Country Albums chart, although there were no charting singles for the first time in Tucker's career.
Track listing
"Blind Love" (Dennis Linde) – 3:25
"Lay Back in the Arms of Someone" (Nicky Chinn, Mike Chapman) – 4:11
"Somebody Must Have Loved You Right Last Night" (Ken Bell) – 3:30
"San Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Some Flowers in Your Hair) / I Left My Heart in San Francisco" (John Phillips, George Cory, Douglas Cross) – 3:20
"Tear Me Apart" (Nicky Chinn, Mike Chapman) – 3:05
"Crossfire of Desire" (Casey Kelly, Julie Didier, Lewis Anderson) – 4:09
"Better Late Than Never" (Steve Krikorian) [Tonio K] – 3:42
"I've Never Said No Before" (Mark Gray) – 3:33
"Shady Streets" (Dickey Betts, Dan Toler, Billy Ray Reynolds) – 3:50
"By Day" (Dennis Linde) – 3:13
Personnel
Tanya Tucker - lead vocals
Beau Segal - drums, percussion
Jeff Eyrich - bass guitar
Steve Goldstein - keyboards
Bill Andersen, Jerry Swallow - guitar
Jerry Swallow - mandolin
Jerry Peterson - saxophone
Bill Andersen, Rusty Buchanan, Steve Goldstein, Lynda Lawley, Sue Richman, Andrea Robinson, Julia Tillman Waters, Tanya Tucker, Luther Waters, Oren Waters, Maxine Willard Waters - backing vocals
References
1979 albums
Tanya Tucker albums
Albums produced by Mike Chapman
MCA Records albums
The University College of Osteopathy (UCO), formerly the British School of Osteopathy (BSO), is the largest and oldest school of osteopathy in the United Kingdom.
The UCO holds Recognised Qualification (RQ) status from the statutory regulatory body for osteopathy in the UK, the General Osteopathic Council. The institution was granted degree awarding powers in October 2015. It was given University College status in September 2017 from the UK Privy Council, and it is an exempt charity.
History
UCO was founded as the BSO in 1915 by John Martin Littlejohn, an Osteopath himself, but was not incorporated until 1917 due to the First World War. Littlejohn died in 1947 and the school's direction was shaped by several people including Clem Middleton and Margot Gore. The school received charity status in 1963.
In 1984, Princess Anne became the institution's Patron and is currently the Chancellor.
The University College of Osteopathy has a range of undergraduate and postgraduate programmes available to full or part-time students.
The UCO also offers Access to Higher Education Diploma (Osteopathic Sciences & Health Care) programme. This is a one-year further education course leading to a nationally recognised award. It is designed specifically for students over the age of 18 who wish to become osteopaths or to study a related healthcare discipline at degree level with little or no academic qualifications beyond GCSE level.
There is also an Introduction to Osteopathic Sciences course, which is designed for potential M.Ost students who have proven academic achievement but who lack a solid grounding in the sciences.
The UCO also offers postgraduate programmes. Examples include a professional doctorate in osteopathy, an MSc in osteopathy and a postgraduate certificate in research methods. It also provides an ongoing programme of continuous professional development courses.
Clinics
UCO students gain experience of contact with patients from the beginning of their studies.
In the last two years of their M.Ost degree course, they gain practical experience by treating members of the public at the UCO's clinical centre under the supervision of tutors who are fully qualified, practising osteopaths.
The UCO's clinical centre is at 98-118 Southwark Bridge Road, London. It is currently Europe's largest osteopathic clinical centre, offering over 40,000 patient appointments per year. It houses the UCO's general clinic, as well as special clinics for expectant mothers, children, people with sports injuries and people with HIV/AIDS.
The UCO also has a portfolio of award-winning community outreach osteopathy clinics, which further the UCO's mission to make osteopathy available to groups of the community who might not otherwise be able to access it. These give students an even wider experience of patient contact, and provide osteopathic care to groups including older people in their home settings, homeless people, people with HIV/AIDS and children with social, emotional and behavioural problems.
List of BSO Principals and UCO Vice-Chancellors
BSO Dean (1917 to 1947)
1917 to 1947 - John Martin Littlejohn
BSO Principal (1948 to 2002)
1948 to 1968 - Shilton Webster-Jones
1968 to 1977 - Colin Dove
1977 to 1982 - Stanley Bradford
1982 to 1990 - Sir Norman Lindop
1990 to 1998 - Clive Standen
1998 to 2002 - Martin Collins
BSO Principal and Chief Executive (2002 to 2017)
2002 to 2006 - Martin Collins
2006 to 2017 - Charles Hunt
UCO Vice-Chancellor (From 2017)
From 2017 - Charles Hunt
See also
List of osteopathic colleges
References
External links
Official The University College of Osteopathy website
Official The University College of Osteopathy clinic
General Osteopathic Council official website
Educational institutions established in 1915
1915 establishments in the United Kingdom
Universities and colleges in London
Osteopathic colleges in the United Kingdom
James Frederick Schön (1802, in Ober Weiler – 30 March 1889, in Chatham) was a German missionary and linguist who was active in Sierra Leone. They also participated in the Niger expedition of 1841.
After attending the Basel Seminary, Schön attended the Church Missionary Society College in London. They qualified as a priest in 1832 and immediately went to Sierra Leone. They remained active with the Church Missionary Society until 1853.
They became an expert on the Hausa language and was awarded an honorary doctorate from Oxford University in 1884.
Works
Translations of seven Parables and Discources of our Lord Jesus Christ into the Sherbro Language of West Africa (1839)
Journal of the Niger Expedition (1842)
Vocabulary and Elements of Grammar of the Haussa Language (1843)
Translations of Genesis, Exodus, the Gospels, and the Acts of the Apostles into the Hausa Language (1857-1861)
Grammar of the Haussa Language (1862)
Dictionary of the Hausa Language (1876).
Their papers are archived at the University of Birmingham.
References
1802 births
Missionary linguists
1883 deaths
German Anglican missionaries
Linguists
Anglican missionaries in Sierra Leone
Anglican missionaries in Nigeria
Kosmos 148 ( meaning Cosmos 148), also known as DS-P1-I No.2 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1967 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme, and had a mass of .
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 17:30 GMT on 16 March 1967. This was the first DS-P1-I launch to use the Kosmos-2I 63SM, which replaced the earlier 63S1 model. It was also the first launch from Site 133 at the Plesetsk Cosmodrome.
Kosmos 148 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , an inclination of 71.0°, and an orbital period of 91.3 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 7 May 1967.
Kosmos 148 was the second of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the DS-P1-I No.6 (seventh, launched out of sequence).
See also
1967 in spaceflight
References
Spacecraft launched in 1967
Kosmos 0148
1967 in the Soviet Union
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Akhmed Khasanovich Parchiyev (; born 10 July 1996) is a Russian football midfielder.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Angusht Nazran on 16 July 2012 in a game against FC Taganrog. They made their Russian Football National League debut for Angusht on 16 March 2014 in a game against FC Torpedo Moscow.
References
External links
Career summary by sportbox.ru
1996 births
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Angusht Nazran players
The study and practice of visual rhetoric took a more prominent role in the field of composition studies towards the end of the twentieth century and onward. Proponents of its inclusion in composition typically point to the increasingly visual nature of society, and the increasing presence of visual texts. Literacy, they argue, can no longer be limited only to written text and must also include an understanding of the visual.
Despite this focus on new media, the inclusion of visual rhetoric in composition studies is distinct from a media theory of composition, though the two are obviously related. Visual rhetoric focuses on the rhetorical nature of all visual texts while new media tends to focus on electronic mediums.
Background
Visual rhetoric or “visual modes of representation” has been present in composition (college writing) courses for decades but only as a complementary component “for writing assignments and instructions” since it was considered as “a less sophisticated, less precise mode of conveying semiotic content than written language.” Nevertheless, many experts in composition studies, including Linda Flower and John R. Hayes, and Jason Palmeri, draw a parallel between “alphabetic writing and the visual arts” because both entail an engagement “in composing as a recursive process of discovery – a process in which composers [or in this context, students]…explore, transform, and rearrange materials (words, images, objects).”
The call to include non-linguistic practices within the field of rhetoric officially occurred in 1970 at the National Conference on Rhetoric. Some scholars opposed the inclusion of visual rhetorics arguing that it detracted from public discourse. Other scholars, such as Kenneth Burke and Douglas Ehninger, were proponents of including visual elements into the discipline of rhetoric. In 1994, the New London Group, consisting of ten scholars from Australia, Great Britain, and the United States, developed the term multiliteracies, which describes the rapid growth of communication channels and platforms through which people from all around the world design and exchanges various contents of information despite the differences in languages and cultures. In educational contexts, multiliteracies suggest “a different kind of pedagogy, one in which language and other modes of meaning are dynamic representational resources, constantly being remade by their users as they work to achieve their various cultural purposes." Thus, visual literacy or visual rhetoric specifically applies to Composition Studies through the study and focus on various forms of texts expressed in different mediums. Liza Long, Amy Minervini, and Joel Gladd define visual rhetoric as "the means by which visual imagery can be used to achieve a communication goal such as to influence people's attitudes, opinions, and beliefs." The writer employs knowledge of function, form, and purpose to create the visual text; while the audience or reader constructs meaning from the parts as they contribute to the complete piece. Composition is a technology. From the beginning, the writer employed symbolic representation of images made with tools on a medium. With the advent of multimodal and digital texts incorporating visuals and traditional text, visual rhetoric has a home in Composition Studies. Notably, multimodal texts imply an “interconnection among other modes” such as audio, linguistic, visual, gestural, and spatial, whereas visual texts include “images, page layouts, screen formats,” etc.
Elements of Visual Rhetoric
Elements of visual rhetoric can include: image, color, text, font, layout, alignment, accessibility, all of which may be analyzed to uncover meaning within any given rhetorical situation. Additionally, these elements may be considered in relation to rhetorical concepts related to purpose, audience, delivery, reception, context, and coherency.
Teaching applications
Scholarship has highlighted that the way students compose and interpret texts are directly related to the ideologies and assumptions they hold and how the way their experiences are culturally and historically situated. Imagery representations students receive, analyze, create or deliver would emerge from their views and knowledges within their diverse contexts and various identities. Pedagogical applications of visual rhetoric have then a twofold aim: it can teach students to ‘read' and critique the rhetorical moves and purposes within and behind certain visual representations, such as an analysis of multimodal text. It can also enable writers and designers to process their own rhetorical choices as they design their own visuals, bringing to their process aspects of their multiple social-cultural backgrounds as their lived experiences become starting points for knowledge construction.
Visual rhetoric, especially in digital environments, is also aligned with the notion of a commitment to diversity as students become designers, invoking a rhetoric that attends to abilities encompassing other definitions of literacy beyond verbal reading and writing. For example, sequential narrative assignments were well received by students as an easier alternative to rigid structures of traditional academic essays. The multifaceted nature of these miscellaneous representations creates an arena for discussions on political, historical, social and cultural impacts behind those choices to take place in the composition class. Working towards raising students' awareness of the impact their diverse backgrounds have on their rhetorical choices, teachers will be contributing to forming more conscious and perceptive consumers and composers.
See also
Media theory of composition
Visual rhetoric
Digital rhetoric
Composition studies
Multimodality
References
External links
Overview of Visual Rhetoric at Purdue Online Writing Lab (OWL)
"Understanding Visual Rhetoric" by Jenae Cohn on Writing Spaces
Rhetoric
Writing
Preston Muslim Girls High School is a secondary school located in the Deepdale area of Preston in the English county of Lancashire.
It was founded in 1989 as an independent Islamic school for girls. In 2011 it became a voluntary aided school and part of the state-funded sector administered by Preston City Council.
Preston Muslim Girls High School GCSEs and BTECs as programmes of study for pupils. Girls at the school also have the option to take part in the Duke of Edinburgh's Award programme.
References
External links
Preston Muslim Girls High School official website
Secondary schools in Lancashire
Girls' schools in Lancashire
Islamic schools in England
Educational institutions established in 1989
1989 establishments in England
Schools in Preston
Voluntary aided schools in England
Unyambwa is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 10,206 people in the ward, from 9,301 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Daria Dolgorukova (1639-1669), was a Ukrainian Hetmana by marriage to Ivan Briukhovetsky, Hetman of Zaporizhian Host (r. 1663–1668). They were from a Russian family.  They are known in connection to a witch trial - after their miscarriage, their spouse persecuted and executed several women accused of having caused it by use of magic. After the death of their husband, they were imprisoned by their successor.
References
17th-century Ukrainian people
People from the Cossack Hetmanate
Witch trials
17th-century Russian people
1639 births
1669 deaths
Trioceros ituriensis, the Ituri forest chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Kenya.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1919
Taxa named by Karl Patterson Schmidt
Reptiles of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Reptiles of Kenya
The Iranian famine of 1942–1943 refers to a period of major starvation that took place in Iran, which was under the rule of the Pahlavi dynasty. Iran at the time was occupied by the United Kingdom and Soviet Union despite being a neutral country in the Second World War.
During the occupation, both the British and the Soviets tried to strengthen their influence in their respective zones. The allies took control over the Iranian rail network and contracted half of Iran's publicly- and privately-owned trucks, thus occupying 75 percent of the country's food distribution capacity in the midst of the 1941 harvest. The remaining transportation capacities were quickly rendered unusable because of a restriction of the import of spare parts. That disrupted internal trade and social services and increased the cost of living by more than 700%. After a bad harvest in 1942, famine struck the British-occupied south. The British administration promised to supply the needed amount of grain, but failed to do so, and when the Iranian government turned to the United States for help, promised aid never substantiated even after months-long negotiations. The American diplomat Louis G. Dreyfus initially reported to the US government that the food situation was serious, but they soon uttered doubts about any wheat shortage and recommended that America should support "the British stand and insist on Iran helping itself before relying on Allied imports".
The British government blamed the situation on hoarding, inefficient distribution and an inadequate transport system, but Washington suspected that the British had deliberately manipulated the food supply to further their own political objectives. Meanwhile, the Soviets banned food shipments from the north, claimed that they needed the resources for the people and soldiers fighting the Germans and blamed British mismanagement for the famine since no similar conditions existed in the Soviet-held areas. The Iranian public accused the Allies of looting the country and pushing Iran into inflation and starvation. In December 1942, demonstrations against the scarcity of food became a daily occurrence in Tehran and eventually led to riots.
After nearly two weeks, Prime Minister Ahmad Qavam ordered the police to quell the protests with deadly force, resulting in a number of deaths and injuries on both sides. During the final months of 1942 and in 1943, the streets of Kermanshah were full of semi-naked and hungry people with fifteen deaths attributed to hunger and poverty occurring every day. In February 1943, typhus broke out in the city and the hospital was closed down because of widespread infection among doctors and staff. A British intelligence report on conditions in Kermanshah for the week of March 13-20, 1943, contains the following: "The streets of the town have been full of hungry and half-naked beggars of whom about 15 dice each day of starvation and typhus cases among the people have been numerous." Only in 1943, the Soviets released 25,000 tons of grain to ameliorate the situation.
The Russian gesture was too little and too late. Alarmed at the reports of famine in Iran, Lieutenant-General Patrick J. Hurley, a friend and advisor to President Franklin Roosevelt, was sent to Iran in the fall of 1943. Upon their return, they had called on Assistant Secretary of State, Adolph A. Berle on October 5, 1943, for the purpose of informing them of the substance of their report to the President. Their conversation is recorded in a memorandum by Berle. General Hurley had observed widespread starvation in Iran: "This was not, General Hurley said, hyperbole. They had seen the corpses in the streets and had heard the women and children crying over their dead." Commenting on their conversation with General Patrick Hurley, Berle wrote: "Unfortunately our own reports bear out Pat's statement as to the results of the British-Russian policy in Iran. In the last war, 25 percent of the entire population of that unhappy country starved to death as the result of the German activity there. This time, it looks as though the Allied occupation might produce about the same results."
The devastating impact of World War II on Iran is acknowledged by the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. In the entry in the Holocaust Encyclopedia on "Iran During World War II," the following is stated:
Death toll
Very few academic sources discuss famine in Iran during World War II. For example, a 1968 demographic study by Julian Bharier in the journal Population Studies alludes to the war imposing additional hardships on Iranians, observing that "1946 is the first year after World War II when Iran began to find its feet again after the Allied occupation," but does not mention a famine or a large number of deaths. To the contrary, Bharier cites figures from Iran's Civil Registration Office (C.R.O.) postulating a 2% annual population growth rate during the years 1942-1945, which is higher than the average 1.5% growth rate estimated by demographer Mehdi Amani for the entire period 1926-1945. Cormac Ó Gráda included Iran in a 2019 analysis of World War II-era famines, briefly commenting that "the death toll, though unknown, was probably modest" and citing Bharier as a reference.
Mohammad Gholi Majd is the only author to have written a book about the famine. In the Journal of Iranian Islamic Period History, Majd concluded that three to four million Iranians—a quarter of the population—died of starvation and disease during the Allied occupation in World War II, citing U.S. State Department population figures for 1941 (15 million) and 1944 (10-12 million).
Sources
References
1942 in Iran
1943 in Iran
1942 disasters
1943 disasters
Iran in World War II
Famines in Iran
20th-century famines
Alican Kaynar (born October 30, 1988) is a Turkish yacht racer competing in the Finn class. The tall athlete at is a member of Fenerbahçe Sailing, where they are coached by Mehmet Dinçay.
Alican Kaynar is a student of Industrial engineering at the Bahçeşehir University, Istanbul.
They qualified for participation at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in the Finn class event, they placed 18th with 154 points. They competed in the same event at the 2016 Olympics, finishing in 13th.
Achievements
References
External links
1988 births
Sportspeople from Istanbul
Turkish male sailors (sport)
Fenerbahçe athletes
Living people
Olympic sailors of Turkey
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Finn
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Olympics – Finn
Sailors at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Finn
This was the first edition of the tournament.
Hsieh Cheng-peng and Christopher Rungkat won the title after defeating Leander Paes and Miguel Ángel Reyes-Varela 6–3, 2–6, [11–9] in the final.
Seeds
Draw
References
External links
Main draw
Da Nang Tennis Open - Doubles
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company.
Lines
Chūō-Hirosaki Station is the northern terminal of the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 13.9 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
Chūō-Hirosaki Station has one deadheaded side platform serving a single track. The small station building houses an izakaya-style soba restaurant.
Adjacent stations
History
Chūō-Hirosaki Station was opened on January 26, 1952. From April 1, 1997 it has been a kan'i itaku station, run by a group of retired employees from the Kōnan Railway Company.
Surrounding area
downtown central Hirosaki
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Photo page
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
Vojtěch Němec (born December 9, 1985) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. They played with HC Slavia Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.
References
External links
1985 births
Czech ice hockey forwards
HC Slavia Praha players
Living people
Michael Daniel (born 21 November 1965) is an Israeli former professional tennis player.
Daniel, who was born in Tel Aviv, featured in the singles main draw in three editions of the Tel Aviv Open. They reached the best singles ranking of 231 in the world and in the early 1990s appeared in grand slam qualifiers, including Wimbledon.
As a doubles player they were a quarter-finalist at the 1992 Tel Aviv Open and came close to a first round upset at the Kremlin Cup the same year, when they and Gilad Bloom pushed reigning US Open champions Jim Grabb and Richey Reneberg to a third set tiebreak.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Israeli male tennis players
Sportspeople from Tel Aviv
Adela de la Torre de Lope (born 14 July 1962) is a Spanish politician belonging to the People's Party. They served as member of the 8th Cortes of Castilla-La Mancha (2011–2015) as well as Mayor of Brihuega (2007–2015).
Biography
Born in Cogollor, they earned a licentiate degree in law. In their career, they specialised as real estate administrator.
They started in politics in 2007, as they stood first in the electoral list of the People's Party (PP) list vis-à-vis the 2007 Brihuega municipal election. They were invested as Mayor of Brihuega (the first female one in the history of the municipality) on 16 June 2007. They went on to command another mandate as mayor in 2011. They became a member of the regional legislature in representation of Guadalajara in December 2011, covering the vacant seat left by Antonio Román Jasanada. They were ousted from the municipal government after the 2015 municipal election, as an alliance of municipal councillors belonging to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and Ahora Brihuega invested Luis Viejo as new mayor on 13 June 2015, putting an end to 20 years of PP rule.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1962 births
Members of the 8th Cortes of Castilla–La Mancha
Mayors of places in Castilla–La Mancha
People's Party (Spain) politicians
Brihuega
Living people
Lloyd Williams and Underwood was a firm of architects based in Denbigh and active mostly in North Wales in the second half of the 19th century. The partners were Richard Lloyd Williams, formerly a pupil of Thomas Fulljames, and Martin Underwood, who was also county surveyor for Denbighshire. Several of their designed now have listed status.
Works
The firm's designs include:
Station house at Foryd railway station (1858)
Remodelling of Galltfaenan Hall (1860s), now Grade II listed
Denbigh railway station (1860, now demolished); some other stations for the same Vale of Clwyd Railway
Bettws yn Rhos National School (1861)
Llanfair Dyffryn Clwyd National School (1861)
Chapel at North Wales Hospital (1862), now Grade II listed
Restoration at Church of St James, Nantglyn (1862), Grade II listed
Chancel at Pontblyddyn Church, Flintshire (1866)
Llangollen Town Hall (1867), Grade II listed
Llangollen Police Station (1867), now Grade II listed
The Church House (Old Grammar School), Ruthin (1867), now Grade II* listed
Rebuilding of the Church of St Winifred, LLangernyw (1869)
St Mary's Church, Denbigh (1874), now Grade II* listed
Buildings at Trewern Farm, Hengoed (ca. 1875), now Grade II listed
Frongoch Board School (1877)
Parish Church of St Tudclud (date uncertain), now Grade II listed
Publications
Lloyd Williams and Underwood published some self-authored books in 1872, titled Architectural Monuments of Denbighshire and Village Churches of Denbighshire.
References
19th-century Welsh architects
People from Denbigh
John Walker (1843–1932) was a prominent iron and steel industrialist in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the early 20th century. They were born in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, now known as Pittsburgh's North Side. Their father was a Scottish immigrant. They were a boyhood friend of Andrew Carnegie and Henry Clay Frick; all three of them grew up to be steel industrialists.
Walker founded Wilson, Walker & Co. in 1872, a company producing bar iron, railroad car forgings, and rail plates. In 1886, the company was bought by Carnegie, Phipps & Company and Walker became chairperson of the board. As a director of Frick Coke Co., they sided with Frick over Carnegie in their clash to control American steel production. Carnegie offered Walker a $3,000,000 share of Carnegie Steel to change sides; Walker refused to double-cross their friend Frick. Walker retired in 1888.
Walker lived in a mansion on Western Avenue in Pittsburgh's North Side neighborhood.
At Walker's death in 1932, they were one of the last surviving steel masters in Pittsburgh. When Walker died, their family donated their private library to Washington & Jefferson College in Washington, Pennsylvania. The entire library was installed in the Thompson Library exactly as it had been—including an extensive collection of books, bookcases, pictures, furniture, chandeliers, and stained-glass lamps. When the U. Grant Miller Library replaced Thompson Library as the college library in 1965, the room was moved to the new facility, again exactly as it had been during Walker's life. The room is generally used for study and reading.
References
American steel industry businesspeople
Businesspeople from Pittsburgh
Washington & Jefferson College people
1843 births
1932 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
Tête de veau (French 'calf's head') or testina di vitello (Italian) is a dish consisting of a calf's head, commonly found in French, Belgian, German, Swiss, and Italian cuisine.
Tête de veau may be served whole or boned. When boned, it is rolled and held together with string. It is usually poached, but it may also be roasted. It may be served hot or cold, often with a vinaigrette or ravigote sauce. Cold, it may be served in slices.
A well-known dish in Belgium is "tête de veau en tortue" ('as a tortoise/turtle'), served with tomato sauce with Madeira and accompanied by French fries. This may be linked with English mock turtle soup, known in Lower Saxony as Mockturtle, a soup made from calf's head prepared and seasoned to resemble green turtle soup.
See also
Head cheese
References
French cuisine
Belgian cuisine
Testina di vitello
German cuisine
Swiss cuisine
Beef dishes
Brain dishes
This list contains national symbols of the Federative Republic of Brazil.
List of symbols
References
Brazil culture-related lists
The Kh-45 "Lightning" was a Soviet hypersonic anti-ship air-to-surface missile project. It was developed as the main armament for ICD "Raduga"'s T-4 missile carrier bomber. The designers were A. Y. Bereznyak, G. K. Samokhvalov and V. A. Larionov.
History
The Kh-45 was intended to be carried on the Tu-160, but the integration was cancelled in 1976–77. The Kh-45 was cancelled and replaced by a nuclear version of the Kh-55 missile.
Basic tactical and technical characteristics
The Kh-45 weighed 4,500 kg and was 10.8m long.
See also
Kh-90
References
External links
X-45 Lightning
X-45. Description of the design. TTX. Scheme.
Nuclear cruise missiles of the Soviet Union
Abandoned military projects of the Soviet Union
Cold War anti-ship cruise missiles of the Soviet Union
Air-to-surface missiles of the Soviet Union
Hypersonic aircraft
Teptiuków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 369.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
McKenzie Pass, elevation , is a mountain pass in the Cascade Range in central Oregon in the United States.
It is located at the border of Linn and Deschutes counties, approximately northwest of Bend, between the Three Sisters to the south and Mount Washington to the north. Oregon Route 242 goes over the pass.
At the summit of the pass, Oregon Route 242 crosses a lava flow just west of Sisters. Surrounded by lava, the Dee Wright Observatory was constructed in 1935 by Civilian Conservation Corps workers and named after their supervisor. Visitors climb to the observatory to view the Cascade peaks visible from McKenzie Pass. Also near the summit is Clear Lake, a renowned location for fresh-water diving.
Highway 242 is not recommended for large trucks, trailers or motor homes due to numerous tight switchbacks. The pass is closed from November to July due to snow.
The pass is named for Donald McKenzie, a Scottish Canadian fur trader who explored parts of the Pacific Northwest for the Pacific Fur Company in the early 19th century.
Astronaut training
Parts of central Oregon were used as a training grounds for Apollo astronauts between 1964 and 1966. The astronauts would practice walking on terrain that was similar to the surface of the moon. In August 1964, Walter Cunningham struggled in a lava flow at McKenzie Pass, where they eventually fell and tore their space suit. Cunningham piloted the lunar module on Apollo 7 in 1968.
See also
McKenzie Bridge, Oregon
McKenzie River (Oregon)
References
External links
Gerald W. Williams, McKenzie Pass at The Oregon Encyclopedia
Cascade Range
Mountain passes of Oregon
Mountain passes of the Cascades
Transportation in Deschutes County, Oregon
Transportation in Linn County, Oregon
Landforms of Deschutes County, Oregon
Landforms of Linn County, Oregon
Deschutes National Forest
Willamette National Forest
Grand National Hospital of Mauritania is the national hospital of Mauritania, situated in Nouakchott. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, opposite the Institut National de Recherches en Sante Publique and adjacent (east) to the Hôpital Sabah, near the Ministry of Energy headquarters.
References
Hospitals in Mauritania
Nouakchott
Sherry Phyllis Arnstein, (née Rubin) (11 January 1930 – 19 January 1997) was the author of the highly influential journal article "A Ladder of Citizen Participation". Working as a special assistant to the assistant secretary at the U.S. Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW), they developed the insights that led to the development of their seminal paper in the field of participatory decision making.
In 1969, they wrote and published several papers that deal with public participation in decision making. Among them, "A Ladder of Citizen Participation" (1969), "Maximum Feasible Manipulation" (1972) and "A Working Model for Public Participation" (1975). Them first paper, in which they suggested different levels of public participation has a lasting impact in many areas of research, including geography, urban planning, public policy, health policy, and sociology, to name a few.
Sherry Rubin was born in New York City to Bernard Rubin (born Russia) and Lucille Goldstein (born France). At a young age, their family moved to California. They studied physical education at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), and after graduation worked as a caseworker in Alameda County Juvenile Court. In 1955, they moved to Washington, DC. and received a Masters in communications from American University.
After their work at HUD, they were a consulting public policy analyst at Arthur D. Little, a senior research fellow at the National Center for Health Services Research, and vice president of the National Health Council. They served 10 years as executive director of the American Association of Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine (AACOM) between 1985 and 1995.
References
1930 births
1997 deaths
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
American University School of Communication alumni
Writers from New York City
Writers from Washington, D.C.
Hebron is a hamlet in the community of Llanddyfnan, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 136.7 miles (220 km) from Cardiff and 217 miles (349.2 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
How Hi the Fi, subtitled A Buck Clayton Jam Session, is an album by trumpeter Buck Clayton which was recorded in 1953 and 1954 and released on the Columbia label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "The most memorable soloists are the rambunctious Trummy Young, the harmonically advanced chordings of Jimmy Jones and an exuberant Woody Herman who was rarely heard in this type of jam session setting. With Clayton having worked out some ensemble riffs for the horns beforehand and plenty of space left for spontaneity, this music has plenty of magic".
Track listing
"How Hi the Fi" (Buck Clayton) – 13:40
"Blue Moon" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) – 14:00
"Sentimental Journey" (Les Brown, Ben Homer, Bud Green) – 14:45
"Moten Swing" (Bennie Moten, Buster Moten) – 13:30
Recorded in NYC on December 14, 1953 (tracks 3 & 4) and March 31, 1954 (tracks 1 & 2)
Personnel
Buck Clayton – trumpet
Joe Newman (tracks 3 & 4), Joe Thomas (tracks 1 & 2) – trumpet
Urbie Green, Benny Powell (tracks 3 & 4), Trummy Young (tracks 1 & 2) – trombone
Woody Herman – clarinet (tracks 1 & 2)
Lem Davis – alto saxophone
Al Cohn (tracks 1 & 2), Julian Dash – tenor saxophone
Charles Fowlkes – baritone saxophone (tracks 3 & 4)
Jimmy Jones (tracks 1 & 2), Sir Charles Thompson (tracks 3 & 4) – piano
Steve Jordan (tracks 1 & 2), Freddie Green (tracks 3 & 4) – guitar
Walter Page – bass
Jo Jones – drums
References
1954 albums
Buck Clayton albums
Columbia Records albums
Albums produced by George Avakian
William Dale Jennings (October 21, 1917 – May 11, 2000) was an American LGBT rights activist, playwright and author.
Early life
Jennings was born in Amarillo, Texas, the son of William Arthur Jennings and Charlotte Sophia Knebel Jennings. They and their sister Charlotte Elaine (two years older) grew up in Denver, Colorado where they were both schooled in music, Elaine playing the violin and Dale (as they were known, to distinguish themselves from their father) the piano. The two made many appearances on local radio and at tent revival meetings. Dale showed an early love of dance, growing into a noted prodigy before the age of twelve. Later they joined the Lester Horton dance troupe as they traveled around the United States. In their late teens they moved to Los Angeles, with aspirations of becoming a writer and theater director, for which they had trained in Colorado. They eventually launched a theater company called the Theatre Caravan, located in a now demolished building near Olympic Blvd. and Alvarado, where they also lived. During this time they wrote and produced about 60 plays.
During World War II they were stationed at Guadalcanal. During their military service, they were awarded a WWII Victory Medal, an American Campaign medal, an Asiatic- Pacific campaign medal, and a Philippine Liberation Ribbon with one bronze star. After being honorably discharged in 1946, they returned to California where they studied cinema for two years at the University of Southern California. Before the war Jennings pursued relationships with women in the custom of the time, to avoid any suspicions about their true nature. They married once, an aspiring actor at Theatre Caravan; this lasted through the war, followed by divorce.
The Mattachine Society
In November 1950, Jennings accompanied their then-boyfriend Bob Hull, to a meeting with Harry Hay and Chuck Rowland to discuss a prospectus that had called on the “androgynies of the world” to unite. This meeting began the first official meeting of the International Bachelors Fraternal Order for Peace and Social Dignity, which would later be renamed as the Mattachine Society. The society sought to gain acceptance through greater communication between homosexuals and heterosexuals. The group began to grow and by the summer of that year they had adopted official missions and purposes which proclaimed homosexuals to be one of the largest minorities in America.
Arrest
In the spring of 1952 Jennings was arrested for allegedly soliciting a police officer in a toilet in Westlake Park, now known as MacArthur Park. The trial that took place drew national attention to the Mattachine Society and membership increased drastically owing to the decision of the Mattachine Society to help contest the charges brought against Jennings. Jennings called fellow Mattachine founder Harry Hay, and they enlisted the help of attorney George Sibley, a member of the Citizens' Council to Outlaw Entrapment. Jennings was one of the first homosexual men to contest charges such as this one. Most homosexuals at the time pleaded guilty so as not to be publicly scrutinized. Their decision to fight back was a pivotal point in the movement. The organization raised funds and promoted Jennings' case nationally. The trial began June 23, 1952 and lasted ten days. Jennings confessed to being a homosexual but denied any wrongdoing. While there were different accounts of what exactly occurred that day, by the end of the trial the jury voted 11–1 for acquittal on the basis of police intimidation, harassment, and entrapment of homosexuals, and the case was dismissed. While only Dale Jennings and the police officer knew the exact details of that day in the park, the trial brought a lot of attention to the Mattachine Society, increasing awareness of the Gay Rights Movement as a whole as well as increasing the organization's membership.
ONE, Incorporated
While Jennings was one of the founders of the Mattachine Society, their views on how to best fight for equal rights for homosexuals differed from the organization as a whole. Harry Hay, the primary founder of the society, believed that “gays were a unique and especially talented group who had been a primary part of tribal societies and needed to come together and reclaim those sacred and traditional roles”. Jennings believed that there essentially was no difference between a gay man and a straight man. Jennings adopted a more private role, believing that homosexuals as a group had very little in common, and wanted to fight for the right to be left alone while Hay and the rest of the Mattachine Society collectively wanted to make homosexuality visible to the public and fought for more homosexual awareness.
In the organization Jennings was not alone in this alternate perspective, and in 1952 a small group of members from the Mattachine Society met to discuss separating from Mattachine and forming a separate organization that would illustrate their own personal views more. In 1953, they separated from the organization and created ONE, Inc. This organization became the dominant organization in Los Angeles and with the financial assistance of Jennings' sister Elaine and their husband James Porter its magazine became, for a period of time, the voice of the gay and lesbian movement. The magazine spoke out openly and more forcefully on behalf of the rights and interests of homosexuals. Jennings was elected as vice president of the newly formed organization and became editor-in-chief as well as a primary writer for the magazine. During this time their writings gained popularity and momentum. Jennings found their niche as a writer, and their writings would continue to become a pivotal part in the Gay Rights Movement. The magazine included writings about police harassment and persecution from cities all across the nation based on newspaper reports sent in by its readers. Thought-provoking essays, daring social commentary and a sharp consistent design made up the overall sense of the magazine.
The magazine was produced essentially by hand, thanks to James and Elaine Porter who paid for materials and other expenses out of their own pocket, printing and assembling each issue in their printing and graphics office. Although it had a low printing circulation it had a large impact on the movement as a whole. It was the only publication that openly spoke positively of homosexuality and fought for equal legal and social status for homosexuals. The small circulation but large impact of this magazine represented a lot of the small organizations that were also a part of the movement. While small in number, each member of the movement symbolized an insecure and emerging movement among homosexuals that confronted their subjugated status in society.
After two years of heavy involvement, especially with the magazine, Jennings was pressured to leave by business manager Dorr Legg.
After ONE
After leaving ONE, Jennings wrote and published their first novel, The Ronin, retold from an ancient Buddhist story, followed by The Sinking of the Sarah Diamond. Another book, The Cowboys, based on a film treatment they sold to Warner Bros., caused considerable controversy among publishers due to its glimmers of homoeroticism. The Cowboys were made into a 1972 film, starring John Wayne. While not as successful as their first book, they made enough profit from the book that allowed them to buy a ranch outside of Los Angeles. After losing their home due to a lawsuit with a former lover they moved to the town of Trinidad in Humboldt County in northern California where they decided to re-involve themselves in the movement. They contacted an old friend from ONE, Don Slater, who had also separated themselves from ONE and founded a new organization, HIC (Homosexual Information Center) in 1965. Jennings was very passionate about their writings, and hoped that the HIC would accept and protect their scripts and books.
The HIC believed and supported the protection of privacy in sexual relations and that this was the key to sexual freedom. Jennings stayed highly involved with the organization until 1997, when Slater died. Around this time Jennings began losing their memory and constantly worried that their writings would be lost, so they made arrangements that their works and property would go to the HIC when they died.
They continued to write until shortly before their death on May 11, 2000 at the age of 82 at Specialty Hospital in La Mirada, California; they are survived by one nephew. Their legacy to the HIC consists of hundreds of articles, including unpublished books, plays, film treatments and stories. They are now housed in the Homosexual Information Center Archives, a part of the Vern and Bonnie Bullough Collection on Sex and Gender, housed at the University Library, California State University, Northridge.
The Temperamentals
In 2009, Jennings and the Mattachine Society became the subjects of the play The Temperamentals by Jon Maran. After workshop performances in 2009, the play opened off-Broadway at New World Stages in early 2010. Jennings was portrayed by Sam Breslin Wright.
References
External links
1917 births
2000 deaths
People from Amarillo, Texas
LGBT rights activists from the United States
American LGBT military personnel
American gay writers
LGBT dramatists and playwrights
LGBT people from Texas
People prosecuted under anti-homosexuality laws
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
Activists from Texas
20th-century American male writers
Gay military personnel
Mattachine Society
20th-century LGBT people
The Cleveland Cavaliers (also known simply as the Cavs) are an American professional basketball team based in Cleveland, Ohio. They began playing in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in 1970. This list summarizes the team's season-by-season records, including post-season, and includes select season-end awards won by the team's players and/or coaches. The Cavaliers were founded in 1970 as an expansion franchise and since their first season, they have always played in the Central Division and the Eastern Conference.
On October 14, 1970, the Cavs lost to the Buffalo Braves 92–107 in their first game. They have been awarded the first overall draft pick six times, choosing Austin Carr (1971), Brad Daugherty (1986), LeBron James (2003), Kyrie Irving (2011), Anthony Bennett (2013) and Andrew Wiggins (2014). In their last season with the Cavs, Austin Carr won the J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award, the first of four Cavaliers to win the award (Eric Snow, Luol Deng and LeBron James won the award in 2005, 2014 and 2017, respectively). As a Cavalier, LeBron won Rookie of the Year as well as two MVP awards and two All Star Game MVP awards. They also led the Cavaliers to five NBA Finals, including the last 4 straight, and won the 2016 title as Finals MVP. Cleveland's next first overall pick after James, Kyrie Irving, won Rookie of the Year in 2012 and NBA All-Star Game MVP in 2014.
In their 48 seasons, the Cavs have achieved a winning record 23 times. Highlights include 20 playoff appearances, which included winning the Central Division championship seven times (1975–76, 2008–09, 2009–10, 2014–15, 2015–16, 2016–17, and 2017–18), winning the Eastern Conference championship five times (2006–07, 2014–15, 2015–16, 2016–17, and 2017–18), and winning the NBA Title in 2016. In five straight playoff appearances with LeBron James in their first tenure with Cleveland, the Cavs won more playoff games than they lost each season, something they only ever managed, barely, once before, in the 1991–92 season. Overall, their winning percentage through the years is .456, with 1660 wins and 1967 losses in regular season play (as of March 13, 2015). They are 84–84 in the playoffs, a winning percentage of .500. Cleveland's 2016 championship meant that the Eastern Conference's Central Division is the only current NBA division with more than three of its five franchises having won NBA titles (Cleveland joined Chicago, Detroit, and Milwaukee as teams with at least one championship).
Key
Seasons
Note: Statistics are correct as of the .
All-time records
Notes
References
General
Specific
seasons
Backdrop Peak, at above sea level is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. Located in Sawtooth National Forest on the border of Blaine and Camas counties, Backdrop Peak is about north of Baker Peak. Baker Lake is just east of the peak.
References
Mountains of Idaho
Mountains of Blaine County, Idaho
Mountains of Camas County, Idaho
Sawtooth National Forest
Best Screenplay Award (Vietnamese: Giải kịch bản/tác giả kịch bản xuất sắc nhất) is one of the awards presented at the Vietnam Film Festival to recognize a screenwriter with the achievement in writing screenplay which has been determined the best by the juries of feature film, direct-to-video, documentary film and animated film categories.
History
The category was awarded for the first time in the 2nd Vietnam Film Festival (1973). Đào Trọng Khánh holds the record in this category with four awards for their documentary scripts in 1983, 1988, 2001 and 2015.
The achievement in a direct-to-video feature film, which was first awarded in the 9th Vietnam Film Festival (1990), is no longer awarded since the 20th Vietnam Film Festival (2017). It is because this category has been removed.
Awards
Notes
Before the 15th Vietnam Film Festival (2007), Documentary film and Science film were counted as one category for judging and grading.
References
Vietnam Film Festival
Vietnamese screenwriters
Vietnamese film awards
Ana María Loreto Martínez was a Cuban guitarist and singer who was active in Spain, France and the United Kingdom in the mid 19th-century. Originating in Cuba, they moved to Seville and studied at the Madrid Royal Conservatory. They performed to prominent audiences in Paris and latterly London, at Them Majesty's Theatre, which attracted significant press coverage.
Early life and family
Martínez was born in Havana, Cuba, to free Black parents. Them father was a cabinetmaker, employed at a store called "La Gamba". Them musical abilities were recognised at a young age and they became part of the family of the Intendente of Havana, Don Francisco Aguilar, and was educated with their daughters.
Aguilar and their family returned to their native Spain, and Martinez accompanied them, settling in Seville. Martínez married Don Mariano Morena, a Cuban army officer, but the couple were later forced to leave Cuba after falling foul of the Cuban authorities.
Career
Martínez returned to Seville and taught guitar to pay for their entry to the Madrid Royal Conservatory. Martínez impressed Queen Isabella II of Spain and received a "life pension" from them in 1848, though it was ended two years later in 1850, after which Martínez frequently struggled financially. Martínez later performed in Paris to great success.
July 1850 performances at Them Majesty's Theatre, London
In July 1850 Martínez appeared in a divertissement at Them Majesty's Theatre in London called Les Delices du Serail, set in a seraglio. After the curtain came up, a Sultan was shown amused by the dances of odalisques. Martínez then appeared "attired in a suit of rich amber-coloured satin" and performed. Them debut appearance at the theatre had been twice delayed by the closure of the theatre as a result of the death of Prince Adolphus, Duke of Cambridge, and their vocal hoarseness. The Times wrote that "the expectations of the public...were not a little wound up".
In London Martínez was marketed as the 'Black Malibran', in reference to the Spanish singer Maria Malibran. Edward Walford, writing in Old and New London (1878) wrote Martínez "sang quaint Spanish melodies". The opera manager Benjamin Lumley wrote in their History of the Opera, that Martinez's songs were "full of original charm, their execution excellent, their voice sweet, pure, and true; but the whole performance was small almost to meagreness, and, although it might well be regarded as a piquant musical curiosity, it failed in any real power of attraction". The Illustrated London News described their voice as "wild, quaint and graceful" with its "dominant qualities" of "picturesqueness and its strong and unanticipated contrasts" and described their vocal quality as "sweet and luscious". The Times wrote that their singing was "quaint and pointed, especially when they seem to give vent to a flow of spirits".The Times wrote that "much applause" followed each song, but concluded that "enough disapprobation was mingled with approval to render it pretty certain the Cuban style of vocalisation will not get a permanent foothold in this country".
Martínez's race was frequently commented on in contemporary accounts.The Illustrated London News wrote that "the fame of this lady had reached us and as a mark of social progress in the 'black race' was to us fraught with peculiar interest". The Times wrote that the appearance in one of the boxes of Them Majesty's Theatre of "a lady of colour has caused much conversation in the lobbies". Later 19th century accounts of their used racist language. In a chapter entitled "The Desecration of the Stage" in the periodical Time, an anonymous writer wrote that "the idea of nigger minstrelsy had not yet suggested itself" before Martinez was introduced to the "English opera goer" after a "great flourish of trumpets" and lamented the contemporaneous appearance of the Mastodon Minstrels.
Paris, France
Martínez resided in France around 1858–1863. The French writer Théophile Gautier corresponded with Martínez while they were in Paris earlier in 1850, marveling at "La Malibran" and recommending them to various theaters and operas. Between 1856 and 1859 Félix Nadar took a series of studio photographs of "Maria l'Antillaise", thought to be of Maria Martínez. They continued to struggle financially while performing, and transitioned from performing in operas and theaters to cafes, such as the Alcazar at 10 rue Faubourg Poissonnière. Charles Baudelaire wrote of them in a letter to Apollonie Sabatier, "Did you know that the unfortunate [l'infortunée] Mrs. Martínez was hanging out in the lyrical cafes and that they were singing a few days ago at the Alcazar?" They did not find the success of their earlier performances, and returned to Spain in 1863.
References
19th-century Cuban women singers
Cuban expatriates in Spain
Cuban guitarists
1850 in London
Date of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Zachery Mathew Nelson, (born August 5, 1975) is an American film producer and screenwriter.
Nelson won Best Sci-fi/Horror Screenplay at the 2009 London Independent Film Festival for their screenplay, The Void. It was also a Finalist at the 2009 Paranoia Film Festival in Los Angeles.
They reside in Chester Springs, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia.
References
External links
Imaginative Entertainment - Zach Nelson's production company
Review of The Void horror screenplay, Carson Reeves, AUGUST 6, 2009
American film producers
American male screenwriters
1975 births
Living people
Rush is a Kenyan television sitcom-soap opera that premiered on Maisha Magic Channel in 2014. It is created and executively produced by Lucy Chodota, the brain behind C-Through Production Ltd The series topbilled by anchor, Janet Mbugua, Maryanne Nungo, singer-songwriter; Wendy Kimani and Wendy Sankale together with an ensemble cast. The series was concluded on May 29, 2015.
Plot
Four cosmopolitan young Kenyan women: Pendo, Liz, Ruby and Zoe, are four mutual best friends, they engage in a tale of their personal life, likes, dislikes, their struggles in life and their love lives. Pendo Adama is the owner and chief-editor of "Rush Magazine". With their magazine they seek to inspire and raise awareness on ways to tackle contemporary real life issues that affect the modern society like pride, marital challenges, motherhood, gender equity, promiscuity, sexuality, chauvinism and giving back to society among other young women and men in an African setting to lead a successful and lavish career and lifestyle.
Cast
Main cast
Janet Mbugua as Pendo Odama
Wendy Kimani as Ruby Shama
Maryanne Nungo as Liz
Wendy Sankale as Zoe
Recurring cast
Ian Mbugua as Harrison
Patricia Kihoro as Nana
Wanja Mworia as Doris
Scolly Cheruto as Zizi
Geoffrey Odhiambo as Eric
Claude Judah as Teju
Kevin Maina as Ken
Jennifer Onyango as Dorcas
Valentine Kamau as Joan
Jamal Nassir as Charles
David Gitika as Mr. Abas
Joed Ngaruiya as Dominic
Peris Wambui as Maxime
Peter Kajairo as Rico
Charles Ouda as Vince
Eunice Ayuma as Annabelle
John Wambugu as Melvin
Abel Amunga as Morris
Awards and nominations
2015 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards
References
External links
Kenyan television soap operas
Kenyan television shows
Kenyan comedy television series
2014 Kenyan television series debuts
2015 television series endings
English-language television shows
2010s Kannada-language films
2010s Kenyan television series
Les Passions is a Baroque orchestra. Created in 1986 by the recorder player Jean-Marc Andrieu, the orchestra Les Passions is in residence in the south-west French town of Montauban. This flexible ensemble specialises in the practice of period instruments. Its artistic approach reconciles two principles: a respect for the musical technique of the period (authentic performance) and a dynamic interpretation of the musical composition. Its vocation is to convince the public that ancient music is as relevant to the present as are the writings of Molière, the paintings of La Tour or the architecture of Mansart.
Its repertoire extends from the beginning of the 17th century (Monteverdi's Vêpres à la Vierge) to the end of the 18th century (Mozart's Requiem) encompassing a large number of the masters of the Baroque era (Bach, Handel, Telemann, Scarlatti, Vivaldi, Purcell, Charpentier…). The orchestra is also dedicated to rediscovering the legacy of French music by producing the opera Stratonice by Méhul, Daphnis et Alcimadure by Mondonville, and works by Toulouse composers Dupuy, Levens, and Jean Gilles. The orchestra also contributes to the restitution of the musical library of the Dukes of Aiguillon.
Formally The Baroque Orchestra of Montauban, at the end of 2003 Jean-Marc Andrieu renamed the orchestra "Les Passions" in reference to a musical form and to the philosophical and literary subject very much discussed in the 17th and 18th centuries that influenced lyrical composers during the Baroque and Classical periods.
Residence and support
Les Passions currently resides at the Conservatory of Music of Montauban, France. The orchestra receives support from the city of Montauban, the Midi-Pyrenees Region, and the city of Toulouse. It is also registered with the Ministry of Culture and Communication. The orchestra is recorded and distributed by Ligia Digital and Harmonia Mundi.
Discography
Cantem Nadal - Noël Baroque Occitan, 2009
Requiem. Jean Gilles, 2008
Vêpres Vénitiennes. Porpora, Vivaldi, 2007
Con voce Festiva. Scarlatti, 2005
La Passion selon Saint-Matthieu. J.-S. Bach, 2000
Leclair, Telemann, Vivaldi, Purcell, 1993
Disque Te Deum de Levens, 2008
External links
Official orchestra site
Site Officiel
Journal La Terrasse
L'ensemble Les Passions
Trophees des Associations
Resmusica
Concert Classic
Early music orchestras
French orchestras
Musical groups established in 1986
1986 establishments in France
Musical groups from Occitania (administrative region)
The Royal Batavian Society of Arts and Sciences (, 1778–1962) was a Dutch learned society in Batavia (now Jakarta, Indonesia).
The society was founded in 1778 by naturalist Jacob Cornelis Matthieu Radermacher as the Bataviaasch Genootschap der Kunsten en Wetenschappen (Batavian Society of Arts and Sciences), and assumed its current name in 1910.
After Indonesian independence in 1949, it was renamed the Lembaga Kebudajaan Indonesia in 1950, and in 1962 ceased operation. Its collection is now in the Museum Nasional.
History
A young VOC official—J.C.M Radermacher was interested in arts and sciences in the Indies. Radermacher suggested the establishment of an association in Batavia similar to the Hollandsche Maatschappij der Wetenschappen [HMW] in Haarlem. Initially, this suggestion was not received well until 1777 when during the commemoration of 25 years of HMW there was an intention to open the branch in the colony. The association was an independent scientific association established in Batavia.
On 24 April 1778, an association was established in Batavia named Bataviaasch Genootschap der Kunsten en Wetenschappen (Batavian Society of Arts and Sciences), often abbreviated as BG. Governor-Generals and high officials of VOC were designated as members of board of directors and society key figures were to become members of the association. The motto of Bataviaasch Genootschap (BG) was Ten Nutte van Het Gemeen (For Public's Best Interest). The main objective of BG was to analyze the cultural and scientific aspects of the East Indies, including its society and natural environment, through facilitating research conducted by experts.
Subjects
At first, the scope of activity of BG was quite general; among others were natural science, ethnography, history, manuscript and literature, agriculture and medication. The role of the institution as colonial government's consultant has grown more prominent; especially in the field of archaeology and the preservation of ancient sites in Java—prior to the establishment of Archaeological service in 1913. Since mid-19th century, however, the scope was narrowed down to exclude natural science subjects that were taken over by a more specific Physics Association. BG would concentrate only in the subjects of language and literature, archaeology and history, as well as ethnography and anthropology.
Journals and publications
The association was quite productive, published scientific articles and journals; Verhandelingen van het Bataviaasch Genootschap van Kunsten en Wetenschappen (VBG, published in 1779 to 1950) and Tijdschrift voor Indische taal-land en volkenkunde (TBG, published in 1853 to 1952). The association administrative reports are published in Notulen van Bataviaasch Genootschap (NBG).
Museum collections
Since its establishment, the Batavian Society had started gathering the collection acquired from the contributions of its members. The initial collection was much owed to its founder, J.C.M. Radermacher that contributed their house at De Groote Rivier street along with their collection of books, manuscripts, musical instruments, currency, flora samples of dried plants, etc. At that time, collecting and donating curious rare and unique objects is regarded as a commendable endeavour, intellectually fashionable and prestigious activity among the social elites in Batavia.
Therefore, the society's collection increased significantly. Since 1779, the society decided to exhibit its collection for the public, although restricted only to Wednesday from 8 to 10:00. This was the seed of the museum activity. The members of BG were allowed to borrow the SBG's book collection with a time limit of up to 3 weeks.
During the British rule, Stamford Raffles donated an additional building located behind the Societeit de Harmonie hall to store the large sum of collections that insufficiently stored in De Groote Rivier building. Meanwhile, the collection grew significantly greater due to the addition of zoology collection in the form of preserved mammals, birds, seashells, etc.
In 1822, Governor-General G.A. Baron van der Capellen issued a decree to form a commission to search for important objects in Java and sent them to the Batavian Society. The policy to increase the museum collection was pushed further by the Governor-General J.C. Baud's (1833-1836) decree that instructed the government officials throughout Dutch East Indies to assist in searching for important objects for Batavian Society museum collection.
The surge of collection was not always beneficial to the Batavian Society of Arts and Sciences since it meant an increase in maintenance cost and storage space. To reduce its collections, therefore, in 1843 part of the zoology collection was sent out to the Ethnology Museum in Leiden, while the rest was auctioned. In 1850, the geological and mineralogy collection was sent to the newly established Physics Association.
In 1855, a law regarding Treasure Discovery was enacted; stipulating that all archaeological findings in the Indies had to be reported to the government, and the Batavian Society museum might buy it at the price according to an appropriate appraisal.
By mid-19th century, the Batavian Society museum building in Harmoni was also considered insufficient to store and exhibit the growing collection. Although the plan to build a new museum has been conceived since 1836, it was not until 1862 the new museum finally came into reality. With the patronage of King Willem III, the colonial government built a new building on the present location of National Museum at Jalan Merdeka Barat 12. The original building was built in Greek Neoclassical architecture, and originally it has no second floor.
The museum acquired its collection through many ways, among others were through scientific expeditions, archaeological sites, acquisition of private collections, gifts from distinguished patrons, objects donated by religious missions; such as ethnological artifacts acquired by Christian Zending and Catholic Missions, and also treasures acquired — or looted to be exact — from a number of military expeditions led by Dutch East Indies military throughout the archipelago against indigenous kingdoms and polities. Treasures, among others from Aceh, Lombok and Bali acquired through the military expeditions led by the Dutch colonial government, also made it to the collection of Batavian Society and Leiden Museum.
Other institutions established by the society
The society made the plans for the Hortus Botanicus Bogoriense in Bogor in 1817. The Zoological Museum of Bogor (Museum Zoologicum Bogorinse) was established by the Batavia Society of Art and Science in Bogor, Indonesia in 1894. The Bibliotheca Bogoriense (Bogor Library) made Bogor into an important center of biological science.
See also
List of museums in Indonesia
References
Additional sources
G. Kolff, Feestbundel uitgegeven door het Koninklijk Bataviaasch Genootschap van Kunsten en Wetenschappen bij gelegenheid van zijn 150 jarig bestaan, 1778-1928, published in two volumes in by the Society, Weltevreden (Indonesia), 1929.
J.P.M. Groot, Van de Grote Rivier naar het Koningsplein : het Bataviaasch Genootschap van Kunsten en Wetenschappen, 1778-1867 (= proefschrift). Leiden, 2006.
Scholarly Societies Project
Learned societies of Indonesia
1778 establishments in Asia
David Christopher Dickinson (11 December 1929 – 25 August 1997) was an English first-class cricketer.
Dickinson was born at Blackheath in December 1929. They were educated at Clifton College, before going up to the University of Cambridge. At Cambridge they made their debut in first-class cricket for Cambridge University against Middlesex in 1953 at Fenner's. They played a further ten first-class matches for Cambridge in 1953, taking 19 wickets with their right-arm medium pace, at an average of 28.00 and with best figures of 4 for 22. They later made two first-class appearances for the Free Foresters against Cambridge University and Oxford University in 1955 and 1957 respectively, taking an additional 5 wickets. They died at Brighton in August 1997.
References
External links
1929 births
1997 deaths
People from Blackheath, London
People educated at Clifton College
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
Georgia gained two seats after the 1810 Census.
Georgia elected its members October 5, 1812.
See also
Georgia's at-large congressional district special election, 1812
Georgia's at-large congressional district special election, 1813
United States House of Representatives elections, 1812 and 1813
List of United States representatives from Georgia
1812
Georgia
United States House of Representatives
Vlinder Guyot (also known as Alba Seamount after Francisco Alba, companion of Ferdinand Magellan) is a guyot in the Western Pacific Ocean. It rises to a depth of and has a flat top covering an area of . On top of this flat top lie some volcanic cones, one of which rises to a depth of below sea level. Vlinder Guyot has noticeable rift zones, including an older and lower volcano to the northwest and Oma Vlinder seamount south.
Vlinder Guyot formed about 95 million years ago, presumably as a consequence of hotspot volcanism. The volcanic island became an atoll with active reefs that eventually drowned in the Albian-Cenomanian, although renewed volcanic activity until the Miocene sometimes sustained shallow water environments. The guyot is currently settled by numerous types of animals and is part of an area leased for mining purposes.
Geography and geomorphology
Regional
The Western Pacific Ocean contains a large number of mountains, including underwater guyots and emergent atolls and volcanic islands, all of which appear to originate from volcanic processes. The guyot lies between Guam and Wake Island and is part of the Magellan Seamounts together with Pako Guyot, Ioah Guyot and Ita Mai Tai. These seamounts appear to relate to hotspot volcanism although the age progression is not perfectly linear and there are discrepancies to other Pacific Ocean hotspots such as the Musicians Seamounts. Vlinder Guyot lies close to the Ogasawara Fracture Zone and this fracture zone may have influenced the development of the guyot; Pako Guyot is located southeast of Vlinder.
Local
Vlinder Guyot rises to a mean depth of and its flat top has dimensions of with a trapezoid shape and sometimes a cover consisting of volcanic rocks and pelagic ooze. A post-erosional cone lies on the summit platform of Vlinder Guyot and rises about above it. The northern rim of the summit platform is cut by a notch that appear to have formed through a mass failure; similar mass failures have been observed on Kilauea and Piton de la Fournaise in Hawaii and Reunion respectively and in the case of Vlinder Guyot has involved over of rocks, which are now deposited over away from the collapse scar. The pedestal of the seamount lies at a depth of and covers an area of . The existence of Miocene volcanic cones reaching a depth of has been reported, which makes Vlinder Guyot the shallowest among the Magellan Seamounts; the volcanic cones form an irregular group of cones in the northeastern corner of the summit platform and they feature reefal deposits. The slopes of Vlinder Guyot feature benches and terraces as well as rectilinear grabens.
Coinciding with the corners of the trapezoid are northeastern, south-southeastern, southwestern and north-northwestern protrusions that appear to be rift zones and have lengths of . The two eastern protrusions feature additional seamounts, especially the south-southeastern one where Oma Vlinder seamount lies. Oma Vlinder rises to a depth of . A more diffuse volcanic centre lies on the northwestern extension and has three rift zones as well that are covered with volcanic cones up to high and wide. This centre appears to be older and apparently never rose above sea level, it is now located about deeper.
Remotely operated vehicle observations have found that the slopes of Vlinder Guyot are covered by sand and rocks. The sand is probably derived from pelagic sediments and also from the summit platform, while the rocks appear to be of both sedimentary and volcanic origin and are often covered by manganese crusts.
Composition
Vlinder Guyot has erupted alkali basalt, basanite and hawaiite containing hornblende and plagioclase, oceanite, tholeiite and trachybasalt, while Oma Vlinder has erupted hawaiite. Isotope data show some affinity to rocks recovered at Pitcairn and Rarotonga. Other materials encountered include pelagic chalks, ferromanganese crusts up to thick, hyaloclastite, limestone of foraminiferal and reefal origin, mud, phosphorite, turbidites, volcaniclastic rocks as well as lithified clays, gravelstones, sandstone, siltstone and tuffites.
Geologic history
Based on argon-argon dating, the northwestern edifice appears to be 102.4 - 100.2 million years old while the various dates obtained on samples from Vlinder and Oma Vlinder cluster around 95.1 ± 0.5 million years ago. Oma Vlinder and the main Vlinder Guyot appear to have the same ages and drowned at the same time, while the post-erosional cone is about 20-30 million years younger than Vlinder. The northwestern volcanic centre is too old to have been formed by the Magellan hotspot, while the post-erosional cone may relate to the Samoa hotspot that passed close to Vlinder Guyot between 75 - 65 million years ago. Miocene volcanic rocks have been found as well, and Cretaceous clays have been reported.
During the Aptian to Turonian, limestone deposits formed on Vlinder Guyot which are recognizable on the rift zones, Oma Vlinder and in parts of the main guyot. These limestones formed in lagoon and reef environments and contain fossils of bivalves, bryozoans, corals, echinoderms, foraminifera, gastropods, molluscs and rudists; rudists and corals were among the most important reef builders when at the time Vlinder Guyot was an atoll. Its drowning commenced in the Albian to Cenomanian times although evidence of continued emergence exists until the Paleocene; shallow areas may have been formed by late-stage volcanic eruptions that formed new cones on the flat top; they may have been emplaced on reefs.
Present-day ecosystem
The slopes of Vlinder Guyot are settled by bamboo corals, brittle stars, few coral colonies, feather stars, fish, glass sponges, octocorals, sea cucumbers, sea lilies, sea stars, shrimp and squat lobsters. Animals are particularly common in the more rocky areas. Among fish, cusk eels and cutthroat eels have been found.
Human exploitation
The guyot is located within the area of the Pacific Remote Islands Marine National Monument but also within an area leased to the Russian Federation by the International Seabed Authority for cobalt-rich ferromanganese exploration. The guyot has been researched for potential impacts of mining on its ecosystem.
References
Sources
External links
NOAA
Seamounts of the Pacific Ocean
Cretaceous volcanoes
Miocene volcanism
The Viação Itapemirim S.A. was a Brazilian passenger road transport company. It was founded on July 4, 1953, in the Cachoeiro de Itapemirim, Espírito Santo, Brazil. It was the largest road passenger transport business in Brazil and Latin America.
Due to financial difficulties and scandals involving the diversion of funds from the judicial reorganization to create ITA Transportes Aéreos, the company had a bankruptcy decree in court on September 21, 2022, after EXM Partners, responsible for the company's judicial reorganization, reported not having more chances for the group to recover financially.
Structure
Viação Itapemirim is a group of companies operating in various sectors such as:
Complex Pindobas (agricultural)
Itabira (graphics and marketing)
Network Flecha (Hotels and restaurants)
Marbrasa (mining)
Fiat Cola and Samadisa (vehicles and parts)
MC Massad Cola (marketing and communication)
Itabira (insurance)
Sossai (Toyota vehicles and parts)
References
External links
Official website
Bus companies of Brazil
Tampa Overlook is a neighborhood in the North Tampa section of Tampa, which represents District 7 of the Tampa City Council. The 2000 census numbers were unavailable; however, the latest estimated population was 1,877 and the population density was 4,904 people per square mile.
Geography
Tampa Overlook boundaries are roughly 15th Street to the west, Bougainvillea Avenue to the north, and Busch Boulevard/Annie Street to the south and 22nd Street to the east. The ZIP Code serving the neighborhood is 33612.
Education
Tampa Overlook is served by Hillsborough County Public Schools, which serves the city of Tampa and Hillsborough County.
References
External links
Tampa Overlook neighborhood detailed profile
Tampa Overlook (in Hillsborough County, FL) Populated Place Profile
Map of Tampa Overlook
Neighborhoods in Tampa, Florida
Church of Evangelical Christians-Baptists () (also widely known as Lutheran Church in Novocherkassk, ) ― the largest Protestant (Baptist) church in the city of Novocherkassk, Rostov Oblast, Russia. It was built in 1898 on the project of architect N.I. Roller. The church is considered to be an architectural monument of cultural heritage of regional importance.
History
In Novocherkassk, just as well as in the entire European part of Russia, since the 18th century had been living many Germans who were invited to settle there. All of them were engaged in various crafts: many were doctors, others were architects, merchants, officers. Most of them were Protestants, and this caused some difficulties for them: in many places, they simply had no place for worship. At the end of the 19th century, in order to solve this problem in Novocherkassk, the local authorities decided to designate a piece of land in the city for the construction of a Lutheran church. The church was constructed in 1898 on the project of architect Nikolai Ivanovich Roller in Neo-gothic style, which was typical for Germany. The building has one belltower. The facade of the church resembles the traditional features of Medieval architecture.
Before the October Revolution, the church had not only been a place of worship: it was also an important cultural center of the city. The building was often used as a concert hall.
In 1930 the church was closed on the order of Soviet authorities. During the Second World War, when Novocherkassk was occupied by the Wehrmacht, it was opened. After the war the church was again closed and it was used as a warehouse. In the 1970s, the building was completely abandoned and littered. In 1990 the church building was handed over to the community of Evangelical Christians—Baptists, although in the past it had belonged to the Lutheran community. In 1992 the building was listed in the register of cultural values of the Rostov region. In 1994 it also was renovated at the expense of the Baptist congregation and has been active since then.
References
Churches in Rostov Oblast
Cultural heritage monuments in Novocherkassk
Lutheran churches in Russia
Churches completed in 1898
Buildings and structures in Novocherkassk
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Rostov Oblast
Voice analysis is the study of speech sounds for purposes other than linguistic content, such as in speech recognition. Such studies include mostly medical analysis of the voice (phoniatrics), but also speaker identification. More controversially, some believe that the truthfulness or emotional state of speakers can be determined using voice stress analysis or layered voice analysis.
Analysis methods
Voice problems that require voice analysis most commonly originate from the vocal folds or the laryngeal musculature that controls them, since the folds are subject to collision forces with each vibratory cycle and to drying from the air being forced through the small gap between them, and the laryngeal musculature is intensely active during speech or singing and is subject to tiring. However, dynamic analysis of the vocal folds and their movement is physically difficult. The location of the vocal folds effectively prohibits direct, invasive measurement of movement. Less invasive imaging methods such as x-rays or ultrasounds do not work because the vocal cords are surrounded by cartilage, which distorts image quality. Movements in the vocal cords are rapid, fundamental frequencies are usually between 80 and 300 Hz, thus preventing usage of ordinary video. Stroboscopic, and high-speed videos provide an option, but to see the vocal folds a fiberoptic probe leading to the camera must be positioned in the throat, which makes speaking difficult. In addition, placing objects in the pharynx usually triggers a gag reflex that stops voicing and closes the larynx. In addition, stroboscopic imaging is only useful when the vocal fold vibratory pattern is closely periodic.
The most important indirect methods are currently inverse filtering of either microphone or oral airflow recordings and electroglottography (EGG). In inverse filtering, the speech sound (the radiated acoustic pressure waveform, as obtained from a microphone) or the oral airflow waveform from a circumferentially vented (CV) mask is recorded outside the mouth and then filtered by a mathematical method to remove the effects of the vocal tract. This method estimates the glottal input of voice production by recording output and using a computational model to invert the effects of the vocal tract. The other kind of noninvasive indirect indication of vocal fold motion is the electroglottography, in which electrodes placed on either side of the subject's throat at the level of the vocal folds record the changes in the conductivity of the throat according to how large a portion of the vocal folds are touching each other. It thus yields one-dimensional information of the contact area. Neither inverse filtering nor EGG are sufficient to completely describe the complex 3-dimensional pattern of vocal fold movement, but can provide useful indirect evidence of that movement.
Another way to conduct voice analysis is to look at voice characteristics. Some characteristics of voice are phonation, pitch, loudness, and rate. These characteristics can be used to evaluate a person's voice and can aid in the voice analysis process. Phonation is typically tested by looking at different types of data collected from a person such as words with long vowels, words with many phonemes, or just typical speech. A person's pitch can be evaluated by making the person produce the highest and lowest sounds they can, as well as sounds in between. A keyboard can be used to aid in this process. Loudness is valuable to look at because for certain people, loudness affects the way they produce certain sounds. Some people need to speak louder for certain phonemes in comparison to others just so they can produce them. This can be tested by asking the person to use the same amount of loudness while singing a scale. Rate is also important because it looks at how fast or slow a person speaks.
Use in medicine
A medical study of the voice can be, for instance, analysis of the voice of patients who have had a polyp removed from their vocal cords through an operation. Computerized methods can be used to assess such issues in an objective manner. An experienced voice therapist can quite reliably evaluate the voice, but this requires extensive training and is still subjective.
Another active research topic in medical voice analysis is vocal loading evaluation. The vocal cords of a person who speaks for an extended time suffer from tiring—that is, the process of speaking exerts a load on the vocal cords and tires the tissue. Among professional voice users (e.g., teachers, sales people) this tiring can cause voice failures and sick leaves. Voice analysis has been studied as an objective means to evaluate such problems.
Voice analysis was an important factor in the study of vocal cord paralysis. It effects different functions of the vocal cords, from speech to breathing and voice analysis is used to study the effectiveness of Thyroplasty (medialization thyroplasty) improvements on the vocal cords after the surgery. Traditional voice recording is used in pre-operation to record the voices of chosen patients to be compared with the post-operation usage, along with more complex recordings using an electroglottograpy, photoglottography, and videokymography. Medical professionals have the ability to read and understand the results from the complex recordings, but knowledge from a voice professional is needed within these experiments for accurate results. Voice experts were an important to tie the physical examination of the vocal cords to the neurological examination to ensure the success of the surgery because of their trained ear. Perceptual evaluation of voice is heavily reliant on voice quality, a factor assessed preferably by voice specialists (speech therapists). A professional voice analyzer has a trained ear and can block out excess variants that can be deceptive from the results.
Use in forensics
Voice analysis is used in a branch of forensic science called audio forensics. These analyses are generally performed on evidence for the purposes of evaluating the authenticity of the audio in question, enhancing features of the audio that may be hidden beneath distracting background noise, interpreting the audio from the perspective of a forensic expert, or in some cases for the purposes of speaker identification.
An expert will employ a variety of techniques in their analysis. The minimum of procedures is "critical listening, waveform analysis, and spectral analysis". Critical listening involves a thorough breakdown of both foreground and background sounds through repetitive listening. Waveform analysis visualizes the audio for the examiner to see any irregularities that may occur. Spectral analysis visualizes the frequency of the audio for an examiner to pick out features of interest.
One case in which audio played a larger role is the Trayvon Martin case, where a recording of a call made to the police was analyzed to determine if background screams came from George Zimmerman or from Martin.
Forensic Voice
Experts in forensic voice analyze recordings by examining transmitted and stored speech, enhancing it and decoding it for criminal investigations, court trials, and federal agencies.
To utilize audio recordings in court, a forensic phonetician must authenticate the recording to detect tampering, enhance the audio, and interpret the speech. Their first job is to ensure that the speech in the recording being used is comprehensible. Oftentimes, samples have poor sound quality due to environmental factors such as wind or movement. Other times the sound degradation is due to technological issues within the recording device. Any investigative work on speaker identification cannot be done until the recording is of proper quality. Different solutions for poor comprehensibility are done using computer programs that allow the user to filter and eliminate noise. Computer software is also able to convert the speech to spectra and waveforms, which is useful for the forensic phonetician. However, any work done on the recording should be done after a copy of the original recording is made.
A main part of the forensic phonetician's job is speaker identification. The interpretation process might include piecing together a timeline, transcribing the dialog, and identifying unknown or unintelligible sounds in the audio recording. In court, the expert ultimately serves to explain the facts surrounding the audio evidence, providing an explanation of relevant acoustical and physical principles to explain what is evidenced by the recording. Reports are made to include detailed information, if there is a section of the recording that is not comprehensible or is inaudible, an explanation of what was happening (in the recording), and a description of what is missing from the recording.
Speaker Identification
Voice analysis has a role in speaker identification. This is when the identity of a speaker is unknown, and has to be identified from an array of other voices or suspects when pertaining to a crime investigation or court trial. Proper identification of speaker and voices particularly for criminal cases depend on a list of factors, like familiarity, exposure, delay, tone of voice, voice disguising, and accents. Familiarity with a speaker increases the chances of properly identifying a voice, and distinguishing it. The amount of exposure to a voice also aids in correctly identifying a voice, even if it is an unfamiliar one. A hearer that listen to a longer utterance or was exposed to a voice more often is better at recognizing a voice, than someone who perhaps was only able to hear one word. A delay between the time of hearing a voice and the time of identifying the speaker also decreases the prospect of identifying the correct speaker. The tone of voice affects the ability to identify the right speaker. If the tone does not match that of the speaker at the time of comparison, it will prove to be more difficult to analyse. Disguise of the voice, for example when a speaker is whispering, will also hinder the ability to accurately match and identify the speaker. In some cases, individuals who speak the same language as the speaker whose voice is being analysed will have an easier time identifying them because of the accent and stress of the voice. Speaker identification is additionally complicated by distortions from the technical method of recording and speaker based issues, such as emotional states or alternative motives causing a discrepancy between their voice and that of a recording. The methods of speaker identification in forensics include the use of earwitnesses who are used to identify voices they have heard, the aural-perceptual approach conducted by a specialist regarding the suprasegmentals of an individual's speech, and computer-based approaches.
See also
Audio signal processing
Digital signal processing
Speech processing
Stuttering
Voice biometrics
References
External links
Voice Problems and Vocal Disorder Online Community (VoiceMatters.net)
Voice technology
Biometrics
Human voice
The Chocolate Cake is a novelty shooter which combines the flavors of Frangelico liqueur, lemon, and white sugar to create the convincing impression of a chocolate cake. Sucking the sugared lemon tends to concentrate the flavor of the Frangelico.
A popular alternative method is to use lemon vodka and brown or white sugar. White sugar is more usually available in bars and homes, because brown sugar has a limited open shelf life.
It is advisable for the drink to be "loose strained" (allowing ice chips to fall into the drink) after shaking, so that the "bite" of the alcohol does not overwhelm the experience of the drink.
See also
List of cocktails
Sources
Cocktails with liqueur
Lyubavchikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Velikodvorskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 5 as of 2002.
Geography
Lyubavchikha is located 32 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ustye is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Homeric Minimum is a grand solar minimum that took place between 2,800 and 2,550 years Before Present (c. 800–600 BC). It appears to coincide with, and have been the cause of, a phase of climate change at that time, which involved a wetter Western Europe and drier eastern Europe. This had far-reaching effects on human civilization, some of which may be recorded in Greek mythology and the Old Testament.
Solar phenomenon
The Homeric Minimum is a persistent and deep solar minimum that took place between 2,800 and 2,550 years Before Present, starting around 830 BCE and resembling the Spörer Minimum. This minimum is sometimes considered to be part of a longer "Hallstattzeit" solar minimum between 705–200 BC that also includes a second minimum between 460 and 260 BC. The Homeric Minimum however also coincided with a geomagnetic excursion named "Etrussia-Sterno", which may have altered the climate response to the Homeric Minimum. The name "Homeric Minimum" however is not widely accepted in solar physics.
Mechanisms of climate effects
Variations in the solar output have effects on climate, less through the usually quite small effects on insolation and more through the relatively large changes of UV radiation and potentially also indirectly through modulation of cosmic ray radiation. The 11-year solar cycle measurably alters the behaviour of weather and atmosphere, but decadal and centennial climate cycles are also attributed to solar variation.
Effects on human populations and climate
Debates on whether a climatic deterioration occurred during that time began already in the late 19th century. The Homeric Minimum has been linked with a phase of climate change, during which the Western United States, Europe became colder but whether it became drier or wetter is under debate; the western parts and the North Atlantic may have become wetter and the eastern parts of Europe drier. This climate oscillation has been called the "Homeric Climate Oscillation" or the "2.8 kyr event", and it has been associated with the Iron Age Cold Epoch and a cultural interruption in Ireland although its effect there is still debated.
Human cultures at that time underwent changes, which also coincide with the transition from the Bronze Age to the Iron Age. The climate fallout of this prolonged solar minimum may have had substantial impact on human societies at that time, with a recovery of societies after its end. Increased precipitation over the Eurasian steppes during the Homeric Minimum may have benefitted the Skythes there, however.
It has been speculated that some ancient literary references refer to these phenomena. For example, the period saw the growth of a glacier on Mount Olympus, while Greek mythology and Homer refer to ice and storms on the mountain, which may also be reflected in the name "Olympus". Increased activity of the polar lights at the end of the Homeric Minimum may have inspired Ezekiel's vision of God in the Old Testament.
Other effects
A variety of phenomena have been linked to the Homeric Minimum:
Increasingly cold, wet and windy climate recorded from Meerfelder Maar in Germany, where the Homeric Minimum has been associated with a permanent climate transition. A wetter climate was also recognized in a bog in the Netherlands; the present-day Czech Republic, where it also became colder; and in the British Isles.
A growth in the size of lakes and downward expansion of conifer forests took place in Western North America at the time of the Homeric Minimum.
Decreased sea levels are recorded from the Homeric Minimum.
Increased storminess in Scotland and Sweden.
Increased precipitation in northern Iberia. Such a precipitation increase took place a few decades after the Homeric Minimum and increased wetness has been noted after other solar minima, as well.
Cold sea surface temperatures in the Santa Barbara Basin of California and a cold interval in the Campito Mountain tree ring record. The Homeric Minimum in general seems to be associated with a cold climate in California.
Decreased atmospheric pressure differences between Iceland and the subtropics, that is a decreased North Atlantic oscillation.
Cooling is also recorded from Asia and the Southern Hemisphere.
Gustier springs in Europe and increased cold air outbreaks in East Asia.
A weaker monsoon in East Asia, India and Tibet.
A wetter climate is recorded for Central Asia.
Lake levels in the Caspian Sea rose.
Cooling in the Ionian Sea.
More frequent floods and storms in the Alps.
A dry period in the Eastern Mediterranean and the Dead Sea appears to coincide with the Homeric Minimum, although the mechanisms for this are not clear.
Increased incision along the River Soar.
Increased flooding along the Ammer river.
Increased production of carbon-14 and beryllium-10 by cosmic rays, recorded in Greenland. The carbon-14 excursion is also recorded elsewhere and constitutes the largest such spike since 2000 BCE, exceeding the Maunder Minimum. The so-called Hallstatt plateau, an anomaly in carbon-14 production that creates large imprecisions in radiocarbon dating during that time, has been related to the Homeric Minimum.
The switch from the Subboreal to the Subatlantic climate epoch in the Blytt–Sernander sequence about 2,800 years before present.
The "Göschenen I" glacier advance in the Alps relates to the 2.8 kiloyear event.
A change in storm frequency on the Scotian Shelf.
References
Sources
History of climate variability and change
Solar phenomena
9th century BC
The Batcave is Batman's secret hideout.
Batcave or Bat Cave may also refer to:
Batcave (club), a Gothic rock nightclub
Bat Cave, Nepal
Bat Cave, North Carolina
Bat Cave and Cascade Caverns State Nature Preserves, a nature preserve in Kentucky dedicated to protecting the endangered Indiana bat
Bat Cave mine, a cave in Arizona
Royal Ontario Museum Bat Cave, artificial bat cave in Toronto's Royal Ontario Museum
Bat Cave, Saint Lucia, a cave in Saint Lucia
Gowanus Batcave, a former power station in Brooklyn, New York City
Lepakkoluola (literally "bat cave"), a former youth cultural location in Helsinki, Finland
Giuseppe Lamberti (born 12 November 1973) is an Italian coxswain.
Lamberti was born in 1973. They won bronze at the 1988 World Rowing Junior Championships in Milan with the junior men's coxed four. They won a gold medal at the 1989 World Rowing Championships in Bled with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1973 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Coxswains (rowing)
Hybtonite is trademark of Amroy Europe Oy for carbon nanoepoxy resins.
It is a family of composite resins reinforced with carbon nanotubes (CNTs).
The material and the manufacturing method were originally developed in the Nanoscience Center of University of Jyväskylä during the years 2002 to 2004.
Ultrasound is used to disperse the nanotubes and to create radicals at the ends of CNT molecules.
CNTs can then chemically react with epoxy resin or other material forming strong covalent bonds.
This results in a more durable hybrid composite structure that is between 20 and 30% stronger (with only 0.5% CNT contents) than a conventional reinforced plastic.
The manufacturing process allows controlling the material properties such as electrical conductivity, thermal conductivity and viscosity.
Different forms of hybtonite are available for different purposes such as laminating (glass fiber, carbon fiber), epoxy paints and glues.
Applications
The first application areas for hybtonite have been in field of wind turbines, marine applications and sports gear.
Montreal Nitro ice hockey stick was the first commercial product using hybtonite.
Cross-country skis and roller skis by Peltonen Sports
Baseball bats by Karhu Sports
Hunting arrows by Easton
Surfboards by Entropy Surfboards
Eagle Windpower manufactures small size (2 kW to 100 kW) wind turbines using hybtonite as material for the blades.
Large wind turbines manufactured by Evergreen (China), LM Glassfiber (Denmark) and CompoTech (Czech Republic)
Marine paints / AMC nano coating.
Awards
In January 2006, Montreal Hybtonite hockey stick "Nitro" was voted number one Nano product in the world at Nanotech 2006 trade show in Tokyo, Japan.
In December 2009, Amroy received Frost & Sullivan European Technology Innovation Award for its work on hybtonite.
References
Composite materials
Nanomaterials
Peter Dedecker (born 7 November 1983 in Zottegem) is a former Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
Notes
1983 births
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
New Flemish Alliance politicians
People from Zottegem
21st-century Belgian politicians
Manuel Álvarez may refer to:
Manny Alvarez (born 1957), Cuban-American ob-gyn
Manuel Álvarez (sprinter) (1910–?), Mexican sprinter who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics
Manuel Álvarez (trader) (1794–1856), Trader and later politician in Santa Fe, New Mexico
Manuel Álvarez Bravo (1902–2002), Mexican photographer
Manuel Álvarez Jiménez (1928-1998), Chile football defender who played for Chile in the 1950 FIFA World Cup
José Manuel Álvarez, Governor of Córdoba, Argentina, 1901–1904
Juan Manuel Álvarez (born 1979), Californian convicted of causing the 2005 Glendale train crash
Elections to North Lanarkshire Council were held on 3 May 2012 on the same day as the 31 other local authorities in Scotland. The election used the twenty wards created under the Local Governance (Scotland) Act 2004, with 70 Councillors being elected. Each ward elected either 3 or 4 members, using the STV electoral system.
The election saw Labour retain their traditional position as the largest party on the Council as they gained 1 seat from 2007 and retained their overall majority. The Scottish National Party also increased their representation and remained in second place on the authority with 3 net gains. Both the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party and the Scottish Liberal Democrats were wiped out losing their single Council seats. Independents saw their seat numbers fall from 5 to 2 while former SNP Councillor, Alan O'Brien, was elected for the Cumbernauld Independent Councillors Alliance.
Following the election the Labour Party again formed an administration.
Election result
Note: "Votes" are the first preference votes. The net gain/loss and percentage changes relate to the result of the previous Scottish local elections on 3 May 2007. This may differ from other published sources showing gain/loss relative to seats held at dissolution of Scotland's councils.
Ward results
Kilsyth
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012: No change
Cumbernauld North
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2012: 2xLab; 1xCICA; 1xSNP;
2007-2012 Change: CICA gain one seat from Independent
Cumbernauld South
2007: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2012: 2xSNP; 2xLab
2007-2012 Change: No change
Abronhill, Kildrum and the Village
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLab
2012: 2xSNP; 1xLab
2007-2012 Change: No change
Strathkelvin
2007: 3xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 3xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Coatbridge North and Glenboig
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: SNP gain one seat from Independent
Airdrie North
2007: 2xSNP; 2xLab
2012: 2xSNP; 2xLab
2007-2012 Change: No change
Airdrie Central
2007: 1xSNP; 1xLab; 1xIndependent
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from Independent
Sitting Councillor for a different Ward.
Coatbridge West
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Coatbridge South
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Airdrie South
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xLib Dem
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: SNP gain one seat from Lib Dem
Fortissat
2007: 1xLab; 1xIndependent; 1xSNP
2012: 1xIndependent; 1xSNP; 1xLab
2007-2012 Change: No change
Thorniewood
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Bellshill
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Mossend and Holytown
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Motherwell West
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Motherwell North
2007: 3xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 3xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Motherwell South East and Ravenscraig
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xCon
2012: 3xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from Con
Murdostoun
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2012: 2xLab; 1xIndependent; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Wishaw
2007: 3xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: SNP gain one seat from Lab
Changes Since Election
† Strathkelvin Scottish National Party Cllr Frances McGlinchey resigned from the party on 24 October 2012 in protest at the vote to overturn its long-standing opposition to Nato.
†† Coatbridge West Labour Party Cllr Tom Maginnis died on 29 November 2012. A by-election was held on 28 February 2013 and the seat was retained by Labour's Kevin Docherty.
††† Motherwell North Labour Party Cllr Annita McAuley died on 23 October 2013. A by-election was held on 23 January 2014 and the seat was retained by Labour's Pat O'Rourke.
†††† Airdrie North and Murdostoun SNP Cllrs Alan Beveridge and John Taggart resigned from the party and became Independents on 10 February 2015 in opposition to the party's 2015 Westminster Election selection procedures.
††††† Thorniewood SNP Cllr Duncan McShannon resigned their seat in May 2015. A by-election was held on 9 July 2015 and the seat was held by the party's Stephen Bonnar.
†††††† Wishaw SNP Cllr Marion Fellows was elected as an MP for Motherwell and Wishaw on 7 May 2015. They resigned their Council seat on 25 May 2015 and a by-election was held 13 August 2015 and the seat was held by the party's Rosa Zambonini.
††††††† On 8 March 2016 Labour Party Motherwell North Cllrs Helen McKenna and Peter Nolan, Wishaw Cllr Sam Love and Coatbridge West Cllr Jim Smith resigned from the party and became Independents.
†††††††† Coatbridge North and Glenboig Cllr Fulton James McGregor was elected as a MSP for Coatbridge and Chryston in the 2016 Scottish Parliament election. On 29 June 2016 they resigned their council seat. A by-election was held on 22 September 2016 which was won by Labour's Alex McVey.
††††††††† Motherwell South East and Ravenscraig and Wishaw Labour Party Cllrs Gary O'Rorke and Frank McKay resigned from the party and became Independents on 21 November 2016.
†††††††††† Airdrie South Labour Cllr David Fagan was suspended from the party on 4 October 2016 over allegations of possession of child pornography.
††††††††††† Airdrie South Labour Cllr Tom Curley resigned from the party on 29 October 2016 and announced they would stand as an Independent in 2016.
By-elections since 2012
References
External links
3 May 2012 - North Lanarkshire Council - results
Local Election Results 2012
2012
2012 Scottish local elections
To'omata Lilomaiava Tua (10 July 1905 – February 1970) was a Western Samoan chief and politician. They served as a member of the Legislative Assembly from 1951 and as Minister of Lands from 1959, holding both roles until their death in 1970.
Biography
Born in 1905, Tua was conferred with the chiefly title To'omata in 1924. They became a member of the Fono of Faipule and served as its chairperson.
They were elected to the Legislative Assembly from the Satupa'itea constituency in 1951. After being re-elected in 1954, they were appointed to the Executive Council. When a Member System was introduced in 1956, they were given the Agriculture portfolio. Although they were re-elected again in 1957, they were omitted from the Executive Council. However, when a full cabinet system was introduced in 1959, they were appointed Minister of Lands.
In 1960 they were a member of the Constitutional Assembly that drew up the independence constitution. They were re-elected in 1961, 1964 and 1967, retaining their ministerial portfolio on each occasion; in 1964 the role became Minister for Land and Land Registry.
Tua was re-elected in the February 1970 elections, but died before the Assembly convened to elect the Prime Minister. Their death deprived incumbent Prime Minister Fiame Mata'afa of a majority in a tied vote, and led to Tupua Tamasese Lealofi IV becoming Prime Minister.
References
1905 births
Samoan chiefs
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
Government ministers of Samoa
1970 deaths
The World Poker Tour bracelet is the World Poker Tour's (WPT) answer to the World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelet. Beginning in 1976, the WSOP started awarding bracelets to winners of WSOP events. The WSOP bracelet has become synonymous with greatness. "It's impossible to overstate the value of a World Series of Poker gold bracelet to anyone who takes the game seriously," stated World Series of Poker Commissioner Jeffrey Pollack during the 2006 bracelet unveiling. "It is the equivalent of winning the Stanley Cup in hockey or the Lombardi Trophy in football." Since their introduction, a poker player's success has been measured by the number of bracelets they had won. With introduction of the WPT bracelet, the WPT hopes to capitalize on the prestige of winning poker bracelets. WPT Founder, President and CEO, Steve Lipscomb said, "The championship bracelet has become synonymous with poker as a symbol of achievement and respect, and we are honored to continue the tradition that Benny Binion [the founder of the WSOP] began over 30 years ago."
While the event champions during the first six seasons did not initially receive bracelets, the WPT presented them with bracelets at a special event at the Bellagio in Las Vegas on April 21, 2008. The bracelets are made from titanium and diamond by Tiffany and Company. The HendonMob, a respected online poker site, describes the bracelet, "A diamond bracelet commissioned by Tiffany might sound nice in principle but the first pictures of them released by the WPT have not been especially well received. In fact they look a bit like a bondage accessory."
References
External links
Bracelet, Necklace, Anklet & Earring
Bracelet
Sports trophies and awards
Bracelets
Awards established in 2008
Debora M. Kane is a Professor of Physics at Macquarie University, where their research interests are in non-linear optics and laser physics.  They are a Fellow of The Optical Society and has edited four books on nanotechnology, nanomaterials and semiconductor lasers.
Early life and education
Kane obtained a bachelor's degree from the University of Otago in 1979. In 1983, they received their PhD from the University of St Andrews. Them thesis used optical spectroscopy techniques to study atomic transitions in various materials for applications in laser physics.
Research and career
Kane began their postdoctoral career as a research fellow at the University of Southampton in 1984, working on developing techniques to improve the operation of dye lasers. In 1986, they moved to Massey University, where they became a lecturer in physics.
Kane has been at the Department of Physics at Macquarie University since 1989, serving as Head of department from 2003 to 2006, and now holds a personal chair in Physics. Them current research spans various aspects of laser physics, particularly non-linear optics and dynamics in semiconductor lasers, how laser technologies can be used for applications in surface science studies and nanomaterial processing, and the development of new visible and ultraviolet light sources.
Awards and honours
Fellow of The Optical Society, 2017
Chair of the IUPAC Commission on Laser Physics and Photonics, 2015-17
Australian Institute of Physics Women in Physics Lecturer and Medallist, 2006
Selected publications
Kane has co-authored over 200 academic publications and nine book chapters on laser physics. They have also edited four books: Nanomaterials: Science and Applications (2016), Nanotechnology in Australia: Showcase of Early Career Research (2011), Laser Cleaning II (2007), and Unlocking Dynamic Diversity: Optical Feedback Effects on Semiconductor Lasers (2005).
References
Living people
Women in optics
21st-century women scientists
Fellows of the Optical Society
University of Otago alumni
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Macquarie University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dissident may be:
Dissident - a person who actively opposes an established opinion, policy, or structure
Dissident (song), a song by Pearl Jam
Dissident (album), a 1991 album by electronic music collective Deadline
WLUC-TV (channel 6) is a television station licensed to Marquette, Michigan, United States, serving the Central and Western Upper Peninsula of Michigan as an affiliate of NBC and Fox. Owned by Gray Television, the station has studios on US 41/M-28 in Negaunee Township, and its transmitter is located on South Helen Lake Road in Republic Township southeast of unincorporated Republic.
WLUC is relayed on translator station W14EM-D channel 14 (also mapped to virtual channel 6) from the top of the Landmark Inn in Marquette in order to extend its primary signal; the translator is used for areas of Marquette that get a poor reception from the station's main transmitter.
History
On April 28, 1956, Channel 6 signed in as WDMJ-TV, the Upper Peninsula's first television station. The station carried programming from all three networks offered at that time, but was a primary CBS affiliate. WDMJ was owned by the Daily Mining Journal along with WDMJ radio (1320 AM). Its studios were on the top floor of the Mining Journal building on Washington Street in Downtown Marquette. The station quickly outgrew its facilities. In 1959, the station moved into its current studios in Negaunee Township. In 1964, it was sold to Post Corporation, owners of WLUK-TV in Green Bay, Wisconsin, who changed the calls to WLUC-TV to match its moniker at the time "Lucky 6". WLUC first aired network programs in color in 1963, and with the purchase of color video tape equipment, it began broadcasting all locally produced programs in color in 1969. The station moved its transmitter to southeast of Republic in 1980 and dismantled the original one near its current studios in Negaunee.
WLUC has been affected several times by television shakeups in Green Bay, since rival station WJMN-TV (channel 3) in Escanaba is a semi-satellite of Green Bay-based WFRV-TV. For example, it dropped NBC programming in 1969 when WJMN signed on. In 1983, when WJMN-TV (along with parent station WFRV-TV) switched from NBC to ABC, WLUC took a secondary NBC affiliation. When CBS bought WFRV in 1992 and switched it from ABC, WLUC became a primary ABC station with secondary NBC affiliation. It became solely NBC in 1995 when WLUK and WGBA-TV exchanged affiliations. As a result, it is one of the few stations in the country to have been with all of the big three networks. WLUC also carried some Fox programs in the early 1990s before WLUK switched to the network.
In late 2005 following Raycom's purchase of the Liberty Corporation, the company announced WLUC would be sold along with fellow NBC station WPBN-TV and full-time satellite WTOM-TV serving the Northern Lower and Eastern Upper Peninsula. The sale was necessary to help meet Federal Communications Commission (FCC) restrictions on station ownership. On March 27, 2006, Raycom sold 12 of its stations (including WLUC) to Barrington Broadcasting. The FCC approved the deal in June 2006 and the purchase closed August 11. WLUC joined WPBN/WTOM, Saginaw's WEYI-TV, and Toledo's WNWO-TV as part of Barrington's family of stations in and around Michigan.
Like many other Barrington-owned stations (including WTOM), WLUC operates a rather low-powered (83 kW) UHF signal which has a much smaller coverage footprint than its former analog station. Its over-the-air digital signal covers less than half of the designated market area (DMA). Therefore, WLUC relies on cable as well as satellite carriers DirecTV and Dish Network to distribute programming to the entire area.
In August 2012, WLUC and Fox UP became the official affiliates of the Green Bay Packers Television Network for the Marquette–Escanaba market, taking over for WJMN, which lost the rights to team programming as the last contract ended, which was included as a part of WFRV's official station status in the Green Bay market. The station carries preseason games on the "state network" (as the Packers Television Network has been traditionally called), along with the team's Tuesday night coach's show and other official team programming.
On February 28, 2013, Barrington Broadcasting announced the sale of its entire group, including WLUC, to Sinclair Broadcast Group. The sale was completed on November 25. After 30 years of separate ownership, WLUC and WLUK in Green Bay were briefly reunited as sister stations on December 19, 2014, when Sinclair purchased WLUK and WCWF as part of required sales of stations by LIN Media in order to merge with Media General, which already owned Green Bay's WBAY-TV.
On October 1, 2015, Gray Television announced that it would acquire WLUC-TV from Sinclair; in return, Sinclair would receive WSBT-TV in South Bend, Indiana from Gray. The swap, part of Gray's acquisition of the broadcasting assets of Schurz Communications (owner of WSBT), was necessary as Gray already owns WNDU-TV in South Bend. The sale was completed on February 16, 2016. A few months later, Gray acquired Green Bay station WBAY-TV, due to divestments made during Nexstar Media Group's acquisition of Media General.
On June 25, 2018, Gray announced it was merging with Raycom. While the deal did not affect WLUC directly, the completion of the deal in January 2019 reunited WLUC with many of its former sister stations from its years under Raycom ownership.
Finland Calling
With 16% of the area's population of Finnish descent (down from about 25% in the 1960s), WLUC produced the only Finnish-language program in the United States, Finland Calling (). The station started the show on March 27, 1962, at the suggestion of a local travel agent who sought to boost travel to Nordic countries. Since its beginning, the show was hosted by Carl Pellonpaa, then a newsman at the station. Pellonpaa retired from news operations but continued to host the show. Early editions of the show were produced live and featured books, photographs, and Finnish music. Camera operators had to learn a few words of Finnish just to be able to follow the show.
The one-hour weekly Sunday morning program regularly featured Finnish visitors to the region including two Presidents of Finland, the Prime Minister, a number of ambassadors, consuls general of Finland, members of the country's parliament, numerous entertainers, choirs, teachers, and students among others. Pellonpaa hosted 22 tours to Finland and dozens of dances featuring Finnish music. In 1988, they were awarded the Order of the White Rose from then President Mauno Koivisto for hosting the program and for the number of tourists that the program inspired to visit Finland.
In March 2015, it was announced that the 84-year-old Pellonpaa would retire and the program would air its series finale on March 29, 2015, marking the end of a 53-year run. Carl Pellonpaa died on September 1, 2018.
Previous logo
WLUC used the same multicolored "6" logo for many years from as early as the early 1990s until September 2008. From about 1989 until 1992, a similar metallic-looking "6" was used with a rainbow slash underneath. The rainbow, while used with on-air promos and the news open, was never used on mic flags during this time. From the time WLUC went on the air in 1956, network logos were always separate from the channel logo. That changed in 1992 when the ABC ball was lodged inside the "6".
When the station switched to primary NBC in 1995, it simply replaced the ABC logo with the letters "NBC" rather than place the network's peacock alongside the "6" as many NBC affiliates do. The logo design, however, became somewhat dated at that point as computer graphics improved and the years went on. From this point until abandoning the rainbow "6", a viewer unfamiliar to the market could accidentally discern that WLUC was an ABC affiliate. On September 8, 2008, it phased out its "multicolored" 6 logo and went with the letters "TV 6" inside an oval tilted to the right. It also changed its longtime slogan from "Someplace Special" (used since the early 1980s) to "Upper Michigan's Source".
WLUC-DT2
WLUC-DT2 is the Fox-affiliated second digital subchannel of WLUC-TV, broadcasting in 720p high definition on channel 6.2. In mid-February 2022, the over-the-air signal of WLUC-DT2 was upgraded to 720p HD; ever since its inception, the subchannel had broadcast in 480i widescreen standard definition, while an HD feed was carried on local cable systems.
History
WLUC-DT2 signed-on at some point in late 2005 (under Raycom Media ownership) carrying The Tube Music Network. After that network shut down on October 1, 2007, due to a lack of advertising, NBC Weather Plus was added. Later, Weather Plus was dropped in favor of Universal Sports. Throughout its association with those three services, WLUC-DT2 was carried on Charter digital channel 306.
In July 2009, WLUC announced it would begin carrying Fox on its second digital subchannel starting August 17. It replaced Universal Sports which was relegated to late-night hours while programming from America One was added in a secondary nature. The subchannel replaced WZMQ (formerly WMQF) as the area's Fox affiliate after it temporarily suspended programming when its previous owner Equity Media Holdings declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy. WZMQ later went back on the air under more stable ownership, carrying a number of digital subchannel networks.
Previously outside of WZMQ (which during Equity's ownership, was often unable to be received outside of Ishpeming and Marquette due to continuous transmitter issues and lack of engineering staff), Fox was available in the Upper Peninsula over-the-air from WLUK in Menominee County and via a low powered translator of that station in Escanaba, W40AN. WLUK was carried by Spectrum in the West and Central Upper Peninsula along with WLUC-DT2 except in Gogebic County which is covered by KQDS-TV from Duluth, Minnesota. The Eastern Upper Peninsula is covered by WWUP-DT 10.2 (a simulcast of WFQX-TV in Cadillac).
In 2012, lobbying from WLUC, combined with new affiliation requirements from Fox disallowing cable carriage from other affiliates outside a station's market, forced WLUK from most cable systems in the western and central portions of the Upper Peninsula. There were no changes on DirecTV since WLUK was never available to viewers outside Menominee County in the Upper Peninsula. As Sinclair acquired WLUK from their owners LIN Media as part of LIN's merger with Media General in mid-December 2014, the issues between WLUK and WLUC-DT2, including the Escanaba translator issue, were resolved in the time they were under common ownership before WLUC's sale to Gray Television. This included the eventual closedown of W40AN in the summer of 2018, along with new carriage agreements with local providers which gave preference to WLUC-DT2 over WLUK.
The subchannel used to be an affiliate of America One during the late-night and morning hours, which also provided the subchannel's programming for E/I requirements. This ended as more syndicated programming was placed on the Fox UP schedule, along with Sinclair and Gray's existing contracts to provide E/I'm programming for their stations.
Programming
Syndicated programming on WLUC-DT1 includes Live with Kelly and Ryan, The Drew Barrymore Show, Dr. Phil, and Judge Judy, among others. Syndicated programming on WLUC-DT2 includes Wheel of Fortune, Jeopardy!, Two and a Half Men and The Big Bang Theory, among others.
As of 2020, WLUC-DT2 is one of ten Fox affiliates to air both Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy!, along with WLUK-TV in Green Bay, WSYT in Syracuse, New York, WBFF in Baltimore, WXIX-TV in Cincinnati, WVUE-DT in New Orleans, KDVR in Denver, KVHP in Lake Charles, Louisiana, WALA-TV in Mobile, and WDAF-TV in Kansas City.
News operation
For its entire existence, WLUC has held the number-one spot in local Nielsen ratings by a wide margin. Its news has won awards including two Certificates of Merit from the Good News Awards in 2012. WLUC has a much larger news department than either of its competitors; ABC affiliate WBUP has only been airing newscasts continuously since 2004 (an earlier attempt was abandoned due to low ratings and budget cuts), and MyNetworkTV (then-CBS) affiliate WJMN-TV did not offer coverage of its home territory until April 21, 2014. Prior to that date, WJMN did not employ any news personnel in the state of Michigan. WJMN did air brief Upper Peninsula-specific news and weather updates produced at WFRV's facilities in Green Bay. A fourth competitor, CBS affiliate WZMQ, began its news operation on January 21, 2022.
After WLUC-DT2 initially added Fox, it offered a nationally syndicated newscast weeknights at 6:30. The program was produced for America One by the Independent News Network from studios on Tremont Avenue in Davenport, Iowa. This was eventually dropped in favor syndicated programming as the subchannel developed more. Starting September 8, 2009, WLUC-DT2 began airing a local weeknight prime time broadcast (known as Your Fox UP News in Primetime) from a new secondary set. New segments such as viewer feedback, daily polls, and other features were introduced. There is no regular sports segment seen in the show although a quick update can be given on teams with local and regional interest. The broadcast competes with one airing at the same time on CW affiliate WBKP (produced by WBUP).
Unlike most NBC affiliates in the Eastern Time Zone, WLUC does not air newscasts at midday or weeknights at 5:30. In addition to its main studios, the station operates bureaus in Escanaba (on Ludington Street), Iron Mountain (on South Stephenson Avenue/US 2/US 141), and Houghton (on Shelden Avenue/US 41). The Iron Mountain Bureau also serves Kingsford while the Houghton Bureau also serves Hancock. Although there is no weekend morning show, WLUC repeats the previous night's late news on Saturday and Sunday mornings.
WLUC began broadcasting its news in 16:9 widescreen in April 2013. On September 6, 2017, WLUC debuted major upgrades to its studio, including a new, larger set and a rebuilt control room. Gray invested over $1 million into these changes.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion
WLUC-TV discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over VHF channel 6, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 35, using PSIP to display the station's virtual channel as its former VHF analog channel 6.
Translator
References
External links
NBC network affiliates
Gray Television
Television channels and stations established in 1956
LUC-TV
1956 establishments in Michigan
Grit (TV network) affiliates
1946 Meistaradeildin was the fourth season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. The teams were separated in three groups based on geographical criteria. B36 Tórshavn defeated VB Vágur 3–1 in the championship final.
Qualifying round
East
West
SÍ played only once.
South
Both teams advanced.
|}
Semifinals
Match played on 4 August.
|}
Final
The match was played on 18 August.
|}
References
External links
Faroe Islands Premier League at Faroe Soccer (choose 1946)
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
The 1993 Scott Tournament of Hearts Canadian women's national curling championship, was played February 27 to March 6 at the Keystone Centre in Brandon, Manitoba.
Teams
Standings
Results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Draw 10
Draw 11
Draw 12
Draw 13
Draw 14
Draw 15
Draw 16
Draw 17
Playoffs
Semi-Final
Final
Saskatchewan wins in an extra end after Peterson (Schmirler) hits a Manitoba rock biting the rings and rolls into the house.
References
Scotties Tournament of Hearts
Scott Tournament of Hearts
Scott Tournament Of Hearts, 1993
Sport in Brandon, Manitoba
1993 in Manitoba
1993 in women's curling
February 1993 sports events in Canada
March 1993 sports events in Canada
Lamontopterus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid classified within the family Kokomopteridae. It contains one species, Lamontopterus knoxae, from the Early Silurian of Scotland.
See also
List of eurypterids
References
Stylonurina
Silurian eurypterids
Eurypterids of Europe
was a Japanese musicologist specializing in the study of East Asian music.
Life
Kishibe was born in Tokyo in the district of Kanda-Jinbōchō, to Fukuo Kishibe, an educator and children's writer. They were first exposed to music through music in their father's stories, and made their first record and stage appearance at age 9 (by East Asian age reckoning) and first appeared on the radio at age 14. As a teenager, they became fascinated by Asian history. At this time they also met the eminent scholar of Japanese and Asian music Hisao Tanabe. In April 1933, they enrolled at the Tokyo Imperial University Division of Asiatic History of the Faculty of Letters, studying under Hiroshi Ikeuchi. They graduated in 1936, with a graduate thesis on modal systems of popular music of the Sui and Tang Dynasties.
Upon graduation, they co-founded (with Tadasumi Iida) a new academic society for the study of Asian music, the Tōyō Ongaku Gakkai (Society for Research in Asiatic Music). During this period they were supported by grants from the Imperial Academy and the Keimei Foundation and was active in colonial field research in Korea (visited in 1941) and China (visited in 1943). Upon these visits, they encountered the surviving aak and yayue forms, as well as popular theatrical and instrumental forms. In the 1940s, they taught senior high school and lectured in Asian and Japanese music history.
From 1949 to 1973, they taught at the University of Tokyo, first as an Associate Professor, as a full professor after 1961, and becoming Emeritus Professor upon retiring. In this retirement, they continued to teach as a professor at Teikyo University until 1994. They also lectured at numerous other universities, including Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music, Soai Women's University, Niigata University, Hirosaki University, and Waseda University. They were also a research fellow at Tokyo National Research Institute for Cultural Properties. In 1957–58, 1962–63, and 1973–74, they visited the United States and held visiting positions at Harvard University, University of California Los Angeles, University of Hawaii, University of Washington, and Stanford University. They also held advisory positions with several international organizations for music research. In 1982, they were invested with the Order of the Rising Sun, 3rd class.
They married Yori Sasaki in 1941 and they had three children together. They were an eminent koto and shamisen player in their own right, and was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure, fourth class in 1992.
Research
Their book on the musical institutions of the Tang Dynasty, Tōdai ongaku no rekishiteki kenkyū: Gakusei-hen 唐代音楽の歴史的研究, was awarded the Japan Academy Prize in 1961. Their last book, Edo jidai no kin-shi monogatari 江戸時代の琴士物語 [Tales of qin (guqin) players during the Edo period], was awarded the Tanabe Hisao Prize.
Although most of their research was historical in nature and dealt with very old music, they also conducted fieldwork in various regions in Japan, China, and other parts of Asia. To their students, they emphasized the importance of having practical experience performing the music one studies. They themselves played gagaku (the shō and the hichiriki), the nōkan, nagauta, itchu-būshi, and the Chinese guqin.
References
Steven G. Nelson. "Dr. Kishibe Shigeo: their career and research." In English Commentary on Tōdai ongaku no rekishiteki kenkyū: Gakusei-hen, Zokukan. Osaka: Izumi Shoin, 2005. Pages 42–45.
Japanese musicologists
1912 births
2005 deaths
Harvard University staff
Stanford University staff
20th-century musicologists
Erőss is a Hungarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Imre Erőss (1909–1950), Romanian Roman Catholic bishop and theologian
Zsolt Erőss (1968–2013), Hungarian mountaineer
Hungarian-language surnames
Vostell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
David Vostell (born 1960), German-Spanish composer and film director
Mercedes Vostell (born 1933), Spanish writer
Wolf Vostell (1932–1998), German painter and sculptor
See also
Ostell
The Hervey Brooks Pottery Shop and Kiln Site is a historic industrial archaeological site in Goshen, Connecticut. It is the site of the 19th-century pottery of Hervey Brooks, a local potter significant for their extensive recordkeeping. Brooks' pottery included a shop and a stone kiln. The shop structure was moved to Old Sturbridge Village in the 20th century, where a reconstruction of their kiln has also been undertaken. The original site is of archaeological significance for identifying the materials Brooks used and how they laid out their work site, and for identifying how those changed over time.
The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Litchfield County, Connecticut
References
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in Litchfield County, Connecticut
Goshen, Connecticut
The 2018–19 WHL season is the 53rd season of the Western Hockey League (WHL). The regular season began on September 21, 2018, and ended on March 17, 2019. The regular season was shortened from 72 games to 68 games; the league had a 72-game schedule since the 1975–76 season. The playoffs began on March 22, 2019 and ended on May 13; the winning team, the Prince Albert Raiders, were awarded the Ed Chynoweth Cup and a berth in the 2019 Memorial Cup to be held at the Scotiabank Centre in Halifax, Nova Scotia, from May 17 to 26.
Standings
Updated to game(s) played on March 17.
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTL = Overtime losses; SL = Shootout losses; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; PTS = Points; x = clinched playoff berth; y = clinched division title; z = clinched conference title
Western Conference tiebreaker
Kamloops Blazers vs. Kelowna Rockets
Statistics
Scoring leaders
Players are listed by points, then goals.
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts. = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltenders
These are the goaltenders that lead the league in GAA that have played at least 1500 minutes.
Note: GP = Games played; Mins = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTL = Overtime losses; SOL = Shootout losses; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average; Sv% = Save percentage
2019 WHL playoffs
Conference Quarter-finals
Eastern Conference
(E1) Prince Albert Raiders vs. (W2) Red Deer Rebels
(E2) Saskatoon Blades vs. (E3) Moose Jaw Warriors
(C1) Edmonton Oil Kings vs. (W1) Medicine Hat Tigers
(C2) Lethbridge Hurricanes vs. (C3) Calgary Hitmen
Western Conference
(U1) Everett Silvertips vs. (W1) Tri-City Americans
(U2) Spokane Chiefs vs. (U3) Portland Winterhawks
(B1) Vancouver Giants vs. (W2) Seattle Thunderbirds
(B2) Victoria Royals vs. (B3) Kamloops Blazers
Conference Semi-finals
Eastern Conference
(E1) Prince Albert Raiders vs. (E2) Saskatoon Blades
(C1) Edmonton Oil Kings vs. (C3) Calgary Hitmen
Western Conference
(U1) Everett Silvertips vs. (U2) Spokane Chiefs
(B1) Vancouver Giants vs. (B2) Victoria Royals
Conference Finals
Eastern Conference
(E1) Prince Albert Raiders vs. (C1) Edmonton Oil Kings
Western Conference
(B1) Vancouver Giants vs. (U2) Spokane Chiefs
WHL Championship
(E1) Prince Albert Raiders vs. (B1) Vancouver Giants
Playoff scoring leaders
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Playoff leading goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; Mins = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Allowed; SO = Shutouts; SV& = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average
WHL awards
All-Star Teams
Eastern Conference
Western Conference
See also
2019 Memorial Cup
List of WHL seasons
2018–19 OHL season
2018–19 QMJHL season
2018 in ice hockey
2019 in ice hockey
References
External links
Official website of the Western Hockey League
Official website of the Canadian Hockey League
Official website of the MasterCard Memorial Cup
Official website of the Subway Super Series
Western Hockey League seasons
Whl
WHL
Kuklev (, from кукла meaning doll) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kukleva. It may refer to
Galina Kukleva (born 1972), Russian biathlete
Mikhail Kuklev (born 1982), Russian ice hockey defenceman
Valentin Kuklev (born 1948), Russian author
Russian-language surnames
Ken Meyerson (1964 – October 19, 2011) was an American tennis agent, and the president of Lagardere Unlimited agency from 2009 till their death in 2011.
Career
Before joining Lagardere, Meyerson was president of the BEST Tennis from 2006-09. During a nearly 25-year career in tennis that began in 1987, Meyerson also worked with ProServ, one of the earliest sports management firms, and the SFX Sports Group. During their career, they represented players including Andy Roddick, Chris Evert and Justine Henin.
Death
Meyerson died of a heart attack in their sleep aged 47 on October 19, 2011.
Early life
Meyerson was a keen tennis player and played in high school and during their college years, they played for a season at University of Portland before graduating from the American University in Paris with a BA in Business Administration.
References
1964 births
2011 deaths
American sports agents
American tennis people
Aliabad-e Khaleseh (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Khāleṣeh; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 150, in 29 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
The Meaning of Marxism is a 2006 nonfiction book written by Columbia University professor and managing editor of The International Socialist Review Paul D'Amato and published by Haymarket Books in 2006.
Synopsis
Dr. D'Amato presents a brief introduction to the philosophy of Karl Marx and Frederich Engels through a Trotskyist perspective.
Reception
The book received reviews from journals including International Socialist Review, Critical Sociology, and Midwest Book Review.
References
2006 non-fiction books
Marxist books
Haymarket Books books
Gerrit Adriaenszoon Berckheyde (1638 – 10 June 1698) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, active in Haarlem, Amsterdam, and The Hague, who is best known today for their cityscapes.
Biography
Berckheyde was born and died in Haarlem. Christened as an infant 6 June 1638, they were the younger brother (by eleven years) and student of the painter Job Adriaenszoon Berckheyde. Golden-age historian Arnold Houbraken claimed that Job had been trained as a bookbinder by their father, and could not discover who taught them to paint. Gerrit in turn learned from their older brother. Job's teacher must have been a Haarlem master, and some claim it was Frans Hals, but Houbraken claimed they travelled as a journeyman between Leiden and Utrecht offering their services as a portrait painter and learned by doing. During the 1650s the two brothers made an extended trip along the Rhine to Germany, stopping off at Cologne, Bonn, Mannheim and finally Heidelberg. The brothers worked in Heidelberg for Charles I Louis, Elector Palatine, where they were both awarded a golden medal for their efforts, but were ultimately unable to adapt to court life and so returned to Haarlem, where they shared a house and studio. Gerrit became a member of the Haarlem Guild of Saint Luke on 27 July 1660. They were followed by the painter Adriaen Oudendijck.
Works
According to the RKD they were a painter known for their Italianate landscapes as well as portraits and cavalry pieces. Their influences include Pieter Saenredam's style (for church interiors), refined draughtsmanship and dispassionate attitude—in short, the qualities of "Dutch Classicism", akin to Vermeer. Berckheyde favoured views of monuments on large open squares, rather than giving up clarity for the sake of pictorial effect by painting views along canals as the other great Dutch cityscape painter, Jan van der Heyden, did.
References
External links
Gerrit Adriaensz Berkheyde on Artnet
Web Gallery of Art
Art 4 Today
Works and literature
Dutch and Flemish paintings from the Hermitage, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Berckheyde(cat. no. 1)
1638 births
1698 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from Haarlem
Painters from Haarlem
Coffee Regional Medical Center is the sole hospital provider in Douglas, Georgia, in the United States, and surrounding Coffee County, Georgia. The facility opened in 1998 on Georgia State Route 32 west of downtown Douglas, Georgia and replaces the original structure built in 1953. The hospital has 88 inpatient beds and is locally operated.
References
External links
Coffee Regional Medical Center
Hospital buildings completed in 1953
Hospital buildings completed in 1998
Hospitals in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures in Coffee County, Georgia
1998 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Rhizomelic dysplasia, scoliosis, and retinitis pigmentosa is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by ocular/visual, dental and osseous anomalies. Only 2 cases have been described in medical literature.
Signs and symptoms
The following is a list of symptoms that this disorder causes:
Amelogenesis imperfecta
Biconcave vertebrae
Wide ribs
Photophobia
Deltoid tuberosity prominence
Reduced visual acuity
Limb rhizomelia
Cone-rod dystrophy
Scoliosis
Shortening of the clavicles
Shortening of the ribs
Short neck
Shortening of the humerus
Strabismus
Vision impairment
Short radius bone epiphysis
Retinitis pigmentosa
Short stature
Etimology
This condition was first described in 2006 by Megarbane et al. when they described 2 cousins from a consanguineous Labenese family. Only one of them had amelogenesis imperfecta.
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
The Battle of LaFourche Crossing (also spelled Lafourche Crossing) was a battle in
Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States and fought on June 20–21, 1863, during the American Civil War as part of a campaign known as Taylor's Operations in West Louisiana.
Background
Confederate Major General Richard Taylor sent an expedition under Colonel James P. Major to break Union supply lines, disrupt military activities and force an enemy withdrawal from Brashear City and Port Hudson. Major set out from Washington, Louisiana, on Bayou Teche, heading south and east. While marching, their men conducted raids on Union forces, boats and plantations and in the process recaptured liberated slaves and captured animals and supplies.
Battle
Brigadier General William H. Emory, commanding the Union defenses of New Orleans, assigned Lieutenant Colonel Albert Stickney to command in Brashear City and to stem the Confederate raid if possible. Emory informed Stickney of Major's descent on LaFourche Crossing and ordered them to send troops. Feeling that no threat to Brashear City existed, Stickney, himself, led troops off to LaFourche Crossing, arriving on the morning of June 20. That afternoon, Stickney's scouts reported that the enemy was advancing rapidly.
Confederate forces began driving in Stickney's pickets around 5:00 p.m.. Southern cavalry then advanced, but was driven back. After Union troops fired a few rounds, the Confederates withdrew in the direction of Thibodaux. In the late afternoon of June 21, the Confederates engaged the Union pickets, and fighting continued for more than an hour before the Rebels retired. At about 6:30 p.m., the Confederates reappeared in force, started an artillery duel, and charged the Union lines at 7:00 p.m. An hour later, the Confederates disengaged and retired toward Thibodaux. The Union held the field. Despite the defeat, Major's raiders continued on to Brashear City.
References
CWSAC Report Update - Louisiana
LaFourche Crossing
LaFourche Crossing
LaFourche Crossing
LaFourche Crossing
Lafourche Parish, Louisiana
1863 in Louisiana
June 1863 events
KWBU-FM (103.3 MHz), is a public non-commercial FM radio station in Waco, Texas, serving the greater Brazos Valley region. It is operated by Baylor University, with studios on River Street in Waco. The station's Federal Communications Commission license is held by the Brazos Valley Public Broadcasting Foundation, a nonprofit community organization. Baylor has a majority of votes on the foundation board.
Many shows come from National Public Radio, with Central Texas news and information updates. There are also blocks of classical music in late mornings and evenings, with jazz shows on weekends. The BBC World Service is heard overnight.
History
KWBU-FM first signed on in 2000, originally on 107.1 MHz (now the location for Regional Mexican music station KLZT). Before then, Waco had been the largest radio market in the nation without an NPR station. In 2003, KWBU-FM was the first radio station in Waco to broadcast an HD radio signal, which doesn't stand for high definition. When sister PBS member station KWBU-TV closed its doors in 2010 due to budget shortfalls, KWBU-FM remained in operation. Historically, both stations had been plagued by low community support. While they were technically community licensees, Baylor's controlling stake in the Brazos Valley Public Broadcasting Foundation led to the perception that they were "Baylor stations," tamping down the support needed to keep the television station on the air. At the time of KWBU-TV's shutdown, the stations only had 1,600 members, a very low number even for a market as small as Waco and nowhere near what the foundation felt was necessary to keep the television station on the air. KWBU-FM was far less expensive to run; it operated with just under half the television side's operating budget.
Limited Signal
KWBU-FM originally operated on 107.1 MHz at 2,750 watts from a 492-foot tower near Hewitt. Now located at 103.3 MHz, it recently boosted its power to 3,200 watts from a 453-foot (138 meter) tower near Route 6 across from Richland Mall in Waco. This is still fairly modest for a full NPR member on the FM band, especially compared to other Texas NPR stations such as KUT-FM in Austin or KERA-FM in Dallas, which are powered at a full 100,000 watts. The lower power helps protect KSSM in Copperas Cove, located at adjacent 103.1 FM. As a result, the station's signal doesn't make it too far out of McLennan County. Some of Waco's close-in suburbs in McLennan County only get a grade B signal. In some communities on the outskirts of Waco, listeners tune in to KUT-FM or KERA-FM for NPR programming.
References
External links
KWBU official website
WBU-FM
NPR member stations
Baylor University
Menergy is the second album by The White Octave. It was released in 2001 by Initial Records.
Critical reception
Indy Week wrote that the album "aches with intelligently structured, sincerely emotive indie-rock a la D.C. post-punk, soaring and cresting across a variety of rhythms and combinations of bass/two-guitars/drums." AllMusic called it "quirky, jangled nerdy rock with catchy riffs and a passionate demeanor."
Track listing
References
2001 albums
The White Octave albums
Initial Records albums
Axel Peter Rudolf Frank (11 June 1888 – 3 August 1970) was a Swedish wrestler. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics and the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1888 births
1970 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Sweden
Wrestlers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Swedish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Malmö
Amphineurion is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1948. It contains only one known species, Amphineurion marginatum, native to Cambodia, S China (Guangdong, Hainan), India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam.
Description & habitat
Aganosma marginata is a liana that can grow up to in length. When young, it sometimes forms a shrub with arching branches. Its habitats are mountain forests and seashore thickets.
Uses
In times of famine, including during the Khmer Rouge regime years, the people of Cambodia eat the young leaves and stem of this climber, called krâllam' paè or trâllam' paè in Khmer language. Various parts of the plant are also used in traditional medicine to treat a number of ailments, including menstruation problems.
References
Flora of Asia
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Apocyneae
Trecchina () is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The 1995 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 21, 1995 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The New Democratic Party government of Premier Roy Romanow was re-elected for a second term, although with a reduced majority.
The Liberal Party – led by Lynda Haverstock – increased its share of the popular vote; adding 9 seats in the legislature to the two seats it held previously, and became the official opposition.
Saskatchewan voters continued to punish the Progressive Conservative Party in the wake of prosecutions of former Progressive Conservative politicians for expense account fraud. Under the leadership of Bill Boyd the party continued to lose votes, and its caucus was reduced from 10 members to 5.
Results
|- bgcolor=CCCCCC
!rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center|Party
!rowspan=2 align=center|Party leader
!rowspan=2|Candidates
!colspan=4 align=center|Seats
!colspan=3 align=center|Popular vote
|- bgcolor="CCCCCC"
|align="center"|1991
|align="center"|Dissol.
|align="center"|Elected
|align="center"|% Change
|align="center"|#
|align="center"|%
|align="center"|% Change
|align=left|New Democratic
|align="center"|Roy Romanow
|align="right"| 58
|align="right"|55
|align="right"|54
|align="right"| 42
|align="right"|-22.2%
|align="right"|193,053
|align="right"|47.21%
|align="right"|-3.84%
|align=left|Liberal
|align="center"|Lynda Haverstock
|align="right"| 58
|align="right"|1
|align="right"|2
|align="right"| 11
|align="right"|+550%
|align="right"|141,873
|align="right"|34.70%
|align="right"|+11.41%
|align=left|Progressive Conservative
|align="center"|Bill Boyd
|align="right"| 58
|align="right"|10
|align="right"|10
|align="right"| 5
|align="right"|-50%
|align="right"|73,269
|align="right"|17.92%
|align="right"|-7.62%
| colspan=2 align=left|Independent
|align="right"| 4
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|–
|align="right"| –
|align="right"|–
|align="right"|712
|align="right"|0.17%
|align="right"|+0.06%
|-
|colspan=3| Total
|align="right"| 178
|align="right"|66
|align="right"|66
|align="right"| 58
|align="right"|-12.1%
|align="right"|408,907
|align="right"|100%
|align="right"|
|-
| align="center" colspan=11|Source: Elections Saskatchewan
|-
Percentages
Ranking
14 closest ridings
Canora-Pelly: Ken Krawetz (Lib) def. Ron Harper (NDP) by 50 votes
Kelvington-Wadena: June Draude (Lib) def. Darrel Cunningham (NDP) by 117 votes
Cypress Hills: Jack Gooshen (PC) def. Barry Thienes (Lib) by 143 votes
Athabasca: Buckley Belanger (Lib) def. Frederick John Thompson (NDP) by 159 votes
Humboldt: Arlene Julé (Lib) def. Armand Roy (NDP) by 204 votes
Shellbrook-Spiritwood: Lloyd Johnson (NDP) def. Bob Gerow (Lib) by 215 votes
Estevan: Larry Ward (NDP) def. Austin Gerein (Lib) by 233 votes
Lloydminster: Violet Stanger (NDP) def. Steven Turnbull (PC) by 266 votes
Saskatoon Northwest: Grant Whitmore (NDP) def. Jim Melenchuk (Lib) by 284 votes
Melville: Ron Osika (Lib) def. Evan Carlson (NDP) by 299 votes
Regina South: Andrew Thomson (NDP) def. Ross Keith (Lib) by 318 votes
Regina Wascana Plains: Doreen Hamilton (NDP) def. Leslie Anderson-Stodalka (Lib) by 335 votes
Indian Head-Milestone: Lorne Scott (NDP) def. Steve Helfrick (Lib) by 359 votes
Saskatoon Sutherland: Mark Koenker (NDP) def. Robin Bellamy (Lib) by 382 votes
Riding results
People in bold represent cabinet ministers and the Speaker. Party leaders are italicized. The symbol " ** " represents MLAs who are not running again.
Northwest Saskatchewan
Northeast Saskatchewan
East Central Saskatchewan
Southwest Saskatchewan
Southeast Saskatchewan
Saskatoon
Regina
See also
List of political parties in Saskatchewan
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board - Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan
Specific
1995
1995 elections in Canada
1995 in Saskatchewan
June 1995 events in Canada
The Estia Pieridon Mouson (Greek Εστία Πιεριδών Μουσών, home of the pieric muses) is one of the oldest and most important cultural associations of the prefecture Pieria with seat in Katerini.
Location
Plateia Politismou 1, in 60100 Katerini, Pieria, Greece
History
63 members founded the club on May 12, 1954, in Katerini. By 2014, the number of members had increased to 800, now (as of June 2018), the number has grown to around 1,000 members. One of the founding members' intentions was to offer the "new citizens" of Katerini (Greeks displaced from Asia Minor and the Black Sea region (Pontos Greeks) a common cultural home. The board of the association consists of nine members. Since 1989, Estia Pieridon Mouson is a member of the International Council of Organizations of Folklore Festivals and Folk Arts, CIOFF, organizing an international folklore festival annually according to the organization's rules.
Activities
Every year, concerts are held at Easter and Christmas. The venues alternate between an Orthodox and an Evangelical church.
From March to June of each year, in addition to other activities of each department, several events and exhibitions are organized. These include:
Exhibitions:
Exhibitions of craftsmanship (dolls, jewelry etc.)
Historical exhibitions
Painting
Pictures
Sculptures
Events:
Book presentations
Information about local history
Music events of all kinds, from classical music to heavy metal
Philosophical Café
Furthermore, CD's and DVD's of music recordings and performances were recorded and books are published.
Departments
Choir
The mixed choir exists since the foundation of the association. The repertoire includes classical Greek songs as well as contemporary works.
In 1959, the choir won the first prize in the National Competition of Choirs in Athens (ASDAN). The choir managed to win several national and international awards; The members organized several musical events with national and international guests.
This was followed by domestic performances and abroad; some stations were:
Czech Republic
Germany
Great Britain
Holland
Hungary
Italy
Romania
Serbia
In the late 1960s, a men's choir for church songs was launched.
In 2004, another branch was created called "De Profundis". In 2005, they won the first prize at the "Meeting of Choirs" in Gianitsa. It was followed by domestic performances and abroad.
Speech and Arts
Since the founding of Estia Pieridon Mouson, the department Speech and Arts has been involved in the planning and execution of any kind of event of local and foreign artists, also in organizing the "Celebrations of the Muses", the forerunner of the Olympus Festival. In 1990, an exhibition of traditional Chinese art was organized in collaboration with the Chinese Ambassador, the Delphi Cultural Center and Pieria Prefecture. In the following years, exhibitions were held on the topics of archaeology, history and culture. In 1993, 1998, 2003 and 2009, conferences were held on the subject of "Pieria of Byzantine and post-Byzantine times". Helpers and participants included the Aristotle University, Thessaloniki and the 9th Ephoria for Byzantine antiquities.
The group has published three books on the topic "Pieria of Byzantine and Post-Byzantine Time" (1997, 2002 and 2008), a fourth work is completed and is currently in print (as of July 2018).
Folk dance
The group was founded in 1969 and today comprises around 150 active dancers, musicians and dance teachers. For performances, the club owns about 200 traditional costumes from several parts of Greece. The department performs traditional local dances and dances from all over Greece. Separate premises were rented for the activities of the division. Meanwhile, thousands of children, adolescents and adults have been taught. The education of the children starts from the age of 10; not only do they learn the appropriate movements, they are also instructed about the history of the dances. The dancers are taught knowledge of traditional Greek musical instruments, about their structure and handling.
In addition to appearances in the Greece, the dance group began in 1970 also traveling abroad. Some of the countries visited so far:
Austria
Belgium
Canada
China
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Estonia
France
Germany
Holland
Hungary
Italy
Luxembourg
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Spain
Switzerland
Yugoslavia
Theater
The group "Pieric Theater" was founded in 1970. Classical pieces such as Iphigenia by Euripides, Antigone by Sophocles or The Peace by Aristophanes are performed. But also contemporary plays are in their repertoire.
Olympus Festival
At the beginning of the seventies of the last century members of the Estia organized the Hellenistic Theater in Dion and the interior of the Castle of Platamonas to perform theatre and concerts there. From 1972 to 1992, these locations were used by the Estia Pieridon Mouson, as venues for the successor of the "Celebrations of the Muses", the Olympus Festival. From 1992 the festival was transferred to the newly founded association OR.FE.O (Οργανισμός Φεστιβάλ Ολύμπου, ΟΡ.ΦΕ.Ο). The Olympus Festival became the second largest summerfestival in Greece.
Folklore and organization of traditional festivals
This department formed in 1990, with the aim of researching the folklore of Pieria and founding a folklore museum in Katerini. Some members craft traditional costumes, based on models from the beginning of the 20th century.
Meanwhile, 41 festivals have been organized and held responsibly. More than 15,000 dancers, singers and their companions from 30 countries were taken care of by the association.
Folk music
Until its spin-off in 1992, the musicians performed together with the folk dance group of the club. The musical repertoire ranges from ancient pieces of music of Pieria and Macedonia to the contemporary music of all over Greece. The main concern of the musicians is the preservation and distribution of the local songs. So far, 120 titles have been recorded and archived.
Photography
Since 1994 the photographers of the association have founded their own department called "Iris". Talented and semi-professional members pass on their knowledge in seminars. There is a darkroom, library, photographic equipment, training facilities and a library. During the transnational project "The National Cultural Heritage Through the Light of Photography" (2013 and 2015) Iris collaborated with photographers from five other European countries.
The works of the group were exhibited in different cities within Greece.
Blood donation
In 2011, members began to donate blood in organized form in collaboration with the State Hospital in Katerini.
References
Music festivals in Greece
Pieria (regional unit)
Tourist attractions in Central Macedonia
Theatre festivals in Europe
Classical music festivals in Europe
Summer events in Greece
Abel Faivre (30 March 1867 – 13 August 1945) was a French painter, illustrator and cartoonist.
Early life and work
Jules Abel Faivre was born in Lyon, France. They attended École nationale des beaux-arts de Lyon for three years. They then attended the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts and Académie Julian. They were a member of the Société des Artistes Français. They lived in La Croix-Valmer. Professionally, they created propaganda posters for the French Army in World War I. They drew comics for Le Rire, L'Écho de Paris, and Le Figaro.
Later life and legacy
Faivre died on 13 August 1945 in Nice, France. A boulevard is named after Faivre in La Croix-Valmer. Their work is held in the collections of the National Library of Medicine, the University of Michigan, the Museum of Modern Art. and the Brooklyn Museum.
Collections
Musée d'Orsay, La Femme à l'éventail, Nature morte à l'aiguière et aux fruits
British Museum
Chicago Art Institute
Gallery
References
External links
Abel Faivre on artnet
Abel Faivre on Gallica French archives
1945 deaths
1867 births
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French cartoonists
French illustrators
People from Var (department)
Artists from Lyon
Académie Julian alumni
People from Nice
19th-century French male artists
Hoggestabben Butte () is a prominent butte, high, standing north of Mount Hochlin and being its highest northern outlier, in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Hoggestabben (the chopping block).
References
Buttes of Antarctica
Landforms of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Elżbiecin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is approximately west of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Obusier de 120 mm C modèle 1890 - was a French howitzer designed by Captain Louis Henry Auguste Baquet and employed by the French army during the First World War. It was one of the first modern howitzers equipped with a recoil system.
History
Development of the modèle 1890 began in 1886 at the Atelier-de-précision in Paris, following a request by the French Army for a mobile howitzer capable of high angle fire. Adopted in 1890, it was assigned to heavy field artillery regiments (artillerie lourde de campagne) and to artillery regiments (régiments d'artillerie à pied) of the Séré de Rivières fortress system.
The modèle is mentioned in the documents of the so-called Dreyfus Affair, in which artillery captain Alfred Dreyfus was accused of disclosing (or wanting to disclose) the howitzer's technical data.
Design
The modèle 1890 was a transitional piece and was a combination of both old and new ideas. It was a breech loaded howitzer with a steel barrel and a de Bange obturator designed by Colonel Charles Ragon de Bange which used separate loading bagged charges and projectiles. The steel box trail carriage had two wooden spoked wheels with steel rims and was designed to be light enough to be horse-drawn in one piece. The carriage was split into two parts, a stationary lower part which supported the weapon and a sliding upper part which supported the gun barrel. The upper part was L shaped and the gun barrel was inserted into a cradle with a hydro-pneumatic recoil system below the barrel which connected to the lower portion of the carriage.
The cradle and carriage had a hollow center section to allow for high angles of elevation, while the front of the cradle pivoted to allow limited traverse. When the gun fired the cradle recoiled backwards, while the lower part stayed anchored. This recoil system was also used by the more powerful Obusier de 155 mm C modèle 1890, which mounted the gun barrel of the Obusier de 155 mm C modèle 1881 on the same style of carriage. The recoil mechanism was not enough to absorb the barrel's recoil forces and this made the piece unstable at firing. This style of carriage and recoil system did not find wider acceptance due to its insufficient performance.
First world war
Although the majority of combatants had heavy field artillery prior to the outbreak of the First World War, none had adequate numbers of heavy guns in service, nor had they foreseen the growing importance of heavy artillery once the Western Front stagnated and trench warfare set in. Fortresses, armories, coastal fortifications, and museums were scoured for heavy artillery and sent to the front. Suitable field and rail carriages were built for these guns in an effort to give their forces the heavy field artillery needed to overcome trenches and hardened concrete fortifications.
In August 1914 the heavy field artillery regiments (artillerie lourde de campagne) were equipped with 5 regiments of modèle 1890's, with 3 batteries per regiment, and 6 howitzers per battery for a total of 90 howitzers. Each regiment was provided with 400 rounds of ammunition and the available ammunition supply was 1,280,000 rounds. The modèle 1890's were used until they either wore out or were destroyed.
Romania got 12 pieces in 1916 and another 13 in 1917 for a total of 25 howitzers. Twenty remained in service by the beginning of 1918. They were also used in 1919 during the Hungarian–Romanian War. After that conflict they were retired from use due to the small number available and shortage of ammunition for them, being replaced by the more numerous and technically superior 122 mm howitzer M1910.
References
Artillery of France
World War I artillery of France
World War I guns
Siege artillery
120 mm artillery
The Purakaunui Falls are a cascading three-tiered waterfall on the Purakaunui River, in The Catlins of the southern South Island of New Zealand. As one of very few South Island waterfalls away from the alpine region, it has long been a popular destination and photographic subject.
The falls are an iconic image for The Catlins region, and were featured on a New Zealand postage stamp in 1976.
Location
The falls are located to the southwest of the small town of Owaka and from the river's outflow into the Pacific Ocean. They can be reached via a short 10-minute bush walk from a car park on the Waikoato Valley / Purakaunui Falls Road, a gravel side-road off the main Owaka-Invercargill road. There are toilets and a picnic area. The small, well-signposted detour to the falls is popular with tourist travellers along the Southern Scenic Route, and prominently mentioned in brochures about the area.
Although the Purakaunui Falls are not part of the Catlins Conservation Park, they are surrounded by native bush consisting of podocarp and silver beech, in a scenic reserve of . A small viewing platform near the top of the falls is accessible by wheelchair. Steps continue down to the main viewing platform at the base of the three tiered cascade.
See also
List of waterfalls of New Zealand
References
External links
Official website for The Catlins
Purakaunui Falls on 10c stamp of the 1976 waterfalls stamp series
Waterfalls of New Zealand
Landforms of Otago
The Catlins
Clutha District
Jefferson School of Law may refer to:
Thomas Jefferson School of Law in San Diego, California
Jefferson School of Law (Louisville, Kentucky), a defunct school which merged into the University of Louisville School of Law in 1950
Jefferson Law School, a defunct school in Dallas, Texas
The Union of Progressive Zionists (UPZ) was a North American network of Jewish student activists who have organized around principles of social justice and peace in Israel and Palestine. The UPZ provides guidance, education, and resources to students who seek to contribute a progressive voice into the campus debate concerning Israel and Palestine.
As of January 2007, the Union of Progressive Zionists had chapters at 60 colleges and universities.
In May 2009, the Union of Progressive Zionists affiliated itself with J Street and became J Street U.
History
The Union of Progressive Zionists was created in the early 2000s by college-age members of Habonim Dror and Hashomer Hatzair, with the support of what was then known as Labor Zionist Alliance (and now Ameinu) and what was then known as Meretz USA (now Partners for Progressive Israel), two US Progressive Zionist organizations. UPZ's first national conference, held in October 2004, drew more than 100 students from 40 schools.
From its founding, the stated intention of the group was to create a network of student activists who supported Israel and opposed the Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories but felt alienated by both pro-Israel and pro-Palestinian extremists.
Activities
The Union of Progressive Zionists has brought prominent leftist Israeli politicians to speak on North American campuses, including Yossi Beilin, chairperson of the Meretz-Yachad party and one of the architects of the Oslo Accords and the Geneva Accords; Yael Dayan, Deputy Mayor of Tel Aviv-Yafo and an advocate for women's rights and gay rights; Daniel Levy, the lead Israeli drafter of the Geneva Accords. Its speakers have also included prominent Palestinians such as Amjad Atallah, the Palestinian-American legal advisor to the Palestinian negotiating team in peace talks with Israel, and Rafi Dajani, Executive Director of the American Task Force on Palestine.
Controversy within the Israel On Campus Coalition
In late 2006 and early 2007, the campus activities of the Union of Progressive Zionists created a stir within the Israel On Campus Coalition, an organization that seeks to promote a "pro-active pro-Israel agenda on campus," of which the UPZ was a member. [J Street U, the successor to UPZ, still works with the IOCC.] Some of the coalition's more conservative members, such as the mainstream American Jewish Congress (AJCongress) and the small right-wing group Zionist Organization of America (ZOA), criticized the UPZ for sponsoring speeches by members of an Israeli organization, Breaking the Silence, former soldiers who speak out against human rights abuses they have witnessed in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip.
In December 2006, the ZOA called for the Israel On Campus Coalition to expel the Union of Progressive Zionists. Although the coalition's steering committee voted 9–0 against expulsion in January 2007, the issue resulted in a debate among major Zionist organizations. The Jewish National Fund joined the ZOA in demanding that the UPZ to end its relationship with Breaking the Silence (but not in calling for the group's exclusion from the coalition), and the World Zionist Organization supported the UPZ, as did a group of 100 academics from Israel. The AJCongress threatened to quit the coalition out of dissatisfaction with the decision to allow the UPZ to remain.
See also
Habonim Dror
Hashomer Hatzair
Labour Zionism
Zionist youth movement
Ameinu
Meretz-Yachad
Partners for Progressive Israel
References
Student political organizations
Jewish anti-occupation groups
Youth organizations based in the United States
Zionist youth movements
Jewish youth organizations
